
Reviewer: alisa harris(see more about me) from  singaporeI recently switched wireless phone companies because I had been having some issues with my old provider, and because the ability to port numbers over to other carriers became available. As such, I was forced to purchase a cell phone that would be compatable with the service of my new company, T-Mobile. After researching tons of different cell phone brands online (Samsung, Nokia, etc.), I finally decided upon the Motorola V300 . . . and boy am I glad that I did.This phone is fantastic, and offers some of the lastest technological advances in wireless devices. A few of it's best features include:1. Full color LCD screen2. Illuminated, external caller ID and clock (perfect for movietheatres)3. Plastic-coated, scratch-resistant exterior4. Voice activated dialing5. Hands-free speaker phone6. Digital camera7. Text messaging with iTap option8. AOL instant messaging9. Internet accessabilityand,10. download capability for lots of different wallpaper andringtones from off of T-Mobile's web site.Additionally, the V300 offers many little extras, making it all the better. With this phone, one is able to customize screen color (i.e., can choose to have background teal, orange, yellow, etc.), the placement of options within the phone (e.g., icons can be hidden or exposed; messages can be accessed from top, bottom, right, or left of key pad depending upon preference; etc.), and the arrangement of names in the phonebook (i.e., can be either alphabatized or chronologically listed). Plus, the V300 comes with an alarm-activated datebook and a few demo games as well. The Motorola guide manuel says that you are supposed to be able to download the full versions of the included games (along with select others) from T-Mobile's web site, although this option dosen't actually exist. Big deal though; all of the demo games have enough levels anyhow, and that deficiency is the only shortcoming of this phone. Everything else about the V300 is great, and I certainly wouldn't suggest that one snub it because of it's inability to obtain games via the internet unless he or she is a hard-core player.Furthermore, the V300 is cute and compact, and it comes in a sharp blue/silver color (which is paramount if you value size and appearance). In short, it is my opinion that this phone is definately worth the money; invest in buying it over some of the other brands, and I promise you that you won't be disapointed.

We bought this phone June 2004 for a graduation present.In October, it broke and we got a new one.Now, it's January 2005 and we are getting *another* new one because it broke *again.*Seriously, I hate this phone. It's cute and whatnot, but it lacks in quality.

I bought this phone last week, and i like it. It looks so cute!!All the functions are good. The battery last long too. The camera can take good picture during the day, but at night, it s just not very good, but it s just a phone so that wasnt really a problem.The thing that bothers me is that it can download everthing except games, and the original games in the phone are demos so u cant continue on the next level, it ll show a message telling u to download the game, but the thing is that it CAN'T.

I just bought 3 phones as part of a family plan - Motorola v300, Nokia 6600 and Motorola v180.The v300 is a very nice buy, especially because of its built-in Camera, which has 4X zoom and very nice picture quality. Its also got nice and loud ringer tones, good reception and a very elegant user-interface. The speaker phone isn't as good as compared to my Nokia's.. too much static at times, but it still does a decent job. One of the major shortcomings for picture enthusiasts is that it lacks Bluetooth and Infrared (which Nokia 6600 has).To compare it against the other Motorola I got, although it isn't as sharp looking as the v180, Motorola v300 has better reception, a bigger and elegant screen, MUCH better ringer strength and reception, a slick camera phone, and so much more.

I got this phone about 4 years ago the first week it was offered.  I like the size and quality.  The calls are clear.  I did get some dropped calls two years ago but that problem vanished.  I'm using the same battery so it does not stay charged more then a couple days.  I dislike the buttons on the side as accidental pressing is likely.  The camera takes poor quality images.  It's old enough that chargers for it show up at dollar type stores.

one of the best one belt atfer they work out alll the bugs but naw really all in all it is a great mobile and i really want to give like  twenty if not more.......its cute is slim and great for you buy one today .....Ohhh and one last thing its about the hardest phone to find everyone wants one...So if you find one hold onto it for your dear life...LOL

I bought v300 a month ago. Generally a good phone, but a couple of unexcusable problems.The dialing speed of the phone book numbers is very low. You do not here how the first part of the number is sent, but after a pause or wait (used for calling cards for example) you can here the tones send - AND IT IS AMAZINGLY SLOW ! It takes almost a second per digit. Also if I try to manually enter the pin, the tone continues for quite a long time - I am already typing the next digit and the previous still sounds - this is so distracting - I never had this with many older cell phones (Motorola &amp; Samsung) and even with regular wireless. I changed the setting of DTMF from long to short - did not see any difference.Another major bug - when you include 'wait' in the phone number (for entering pin for example) you cannot really send the pin for the first 3-4 seconds after you are connected ?!?These issues with the phone are so frustrating - why the hell I need a color screen and a camera in a phone that cannot dial properly and fast enough?Does anyone know of V300 firmware download available that would fix these issues - I cannot believe this phone is being sold many months after the initial release with these annoying bugs.

I encourage every one who wants a cell phone to go out and get this one.  It is an awesome selection, i've had it for a month and a half now and it is great! It has great reception and sound quality and it has never dropped any of my calls. I mean it has a camera, has caller id, color screen and has a lot of cool downloadable ringers, games, etc. And you can change the faceplate if you want like I did (interchangeable plates are extra though).  But this is one of the best buys you can get so go out and get it for yourself or for one of your siblings for chRisTmas and make them hapPy! Hope my review was helpful!

YOU CAN GET THIS PHONE FOR FREE IF YOU GO TO THE TMOBILE SITE AND BECOME A CUSTOMER!!

I loved this phone at first.  After having it only eight months though, the sound stopped working.  Callers could hear me, but I couldn't hear a word they said.  I actually wound up hanging up on people while they were still talking, because I couldn't hear them.I took it to a T-Mobile store, and the representative said that my problem is fairly common with this phone.  Blegh.To be fair, T-Mobile has been good to me, and they're sending me a new phone, since this one is still under warranty.  But I don't recommend this phone if you want something reliable.

I switch from Samsung S105 to Motorola V300 and found out I like my old cell phone better. From time to time I missed call because V300 switches itself from vibrate/ring to silent mode. I finally found out it was because the external buttons on the left hand side of the phone, which is used to swith the ring style, were pressed by accident. I turn on the password protection so it won't switch ring style by mistake. But it still puts itself into the silent mode when the ring style is set to "loud". I am really confused.....

This phone is great for several reasons:1) The color display is dazzling.2) The polyphonic sound is dazzling.3) It is nice and compact.  The flip mechanism is very sturdy.  I love flipping this phone open and shut.4) The menus are customizable enough to make navigation fairly easy and intuitive.  I especially like the fact that you can adjust the sound settings without opening up the phone (choose between Soft, Loud, Vibrate, Vibrate and Ring, or Silent).  You can set additional details of each of these categories by going into the preference menus and adjusting ring tones and volume.5) I like having the camera, which is fine to embed pictures with people in your phonebook.  The speakerphone, however, is a REALLY nice feature to have.  Once you dial the call and select speakerphone, you can close up the phone and continue talking -- that's nice.Cons: It only comes with 3 demos of games.  You can get more, though (that's their slogan: &quot;Get More&quot;).

I've had this phone for a year, with T-Mobile. Reception is good in San Diego & NYC Metro area, where I've used it most. The phone is starting to show problems with the flip. Occassionally the screen is black when you open it, or blacks-out when you press a key. Pressing the earpiece too hard to the ear also sometimes blanks the screen and/or drops the call. Most annoying is the one number per name contact list, and the lookup by only the first letter. I've had Moto's Startec (best phone), Timeport, now this. As they add features, they seem to lose others. Also owned Ericsson and Samsung (S105). I've just ordered a Nokia 6600 and am hoping it will be better.

I've had this phone for a year now, and the cover is terribly scuffed-up even though the TMO salesperson swore it would be more durable... hah! The phone's OS crashes on me at least once every two weeks or so, and I have to remove the battery to get the phone to reboot.The worst thing, though, is Motorola's insistence on having external volume buttons. I can't bend over, sit at my desk, or get in my car without hearing the tell-tale beeps because I've brushed the buttons. Wouldn't be so bad if they could be disabled, but apparently they can't be. What's terrible is when I turn the volume to vibrate mode, but then brush the external buttons and the phone has been turned to LOUD mode. Talk about disrupting a meeting...Not happy with this phone; can't recommend it.

when i first got this phone i was so excited because it was the coolest little toy, however when it came down to it if i want a camera i will buy a camera and if i want to play games i will buy a game boy and when i want a cell phone that gets good reception i will NOT buy this phone.  except when i was outside i never got full reception (and lets be honest most of the time people use their phones is inside!) previously i had a samsung s105 and the moto v300 got nowhere near as good reception as the samsung did.  bottom line i loved the phone i wished i could have kept it but i need a phone that is going to have good reception inside and the moto v300 i can say did not meet those standards.  i ended up w/ the samsung e105 and it gets the best reception of any phones i have ever had.

I should have known that there would be problems when it turned itself on/off twice during the first week that I owned it.  I thought maybe it was due to using the camera too much (excessive demand on the memory possibly). I didn't want to believe that my new phone would be causing problems all ready.Since then:-frequently the ringer simply decides not to work (it vibrates, just no sound).  It may ring for one call, and two minutes later, not a peep.  I've spent several days without it working, and then suddenly it works again.  Turning the phone off, or removing the battery has no effect.-sometime it freezes, forcing me to remove the battery-sometimes it turns itself on/off while I am on the phoneI am currently waiting for a replacement phone from T-Mobile.  When I took the phone in, the woman at the t-mobile store was very helpful, and quickly ordered me a new phone.  She also informed me that these type of problems were fairly common with this phone.  She couldn't even tell what the odds were of the replacement working ok...I hope the replacement works, I actually really like the phone otherwise.

Really good...my friends scared me saying that it's paint might come off, itz buttons are weird etc. but tell you what this is a good good phone. It's better than Samsung E715 or the Sony ericsson phone.

I emailed Amazon to ask about the ETA of the V300; this is what they told me:Thank you for writing to Amazon.com.I am sorry for any misunderstanding regarding the availability of theMotorola V300 Phone on our web site.Unfortunately, the Motorola V300 Phone is out-of-stock and we do notexpect to receive any more from our supplier. For this reason, thephone can not be added to your Shopping Cart.I hope that this information is helpful. If you have any furtherquestions, please refer to our Help section:http://www.amazon.com/help/Thanks for shopping at Amazon.com.Sorry Folks, I wanted one too. Try elsewhere, and good luck.

Don't attract with their mail-in-rebates. Key pad is slow responsive or even no responsive some times. I donot even find any good thing in this phone.

I tend to search and search before I settle on a new phone. In my searching I came across this phone. The looks are wonderful and it was everything I wanted. It has a decent camera, it's a flip phone, color screen, and it even has AIM, a big plus for me. So I bought it. Spent a mini-fortune on it too. Then the problems started. My screen would blank out on me while I'm in the middle of something. I would just get a bright white screen that would turn to black. Eventually, it would load itself back up but opening and closing the phone did nothing to help it. It was a major frustration. Worked with TMobile and they got me a new phone. First time I dropped it, the END button popped off. And despite having a new handset, battery, and charger, it still had the same issue. Then I started losing sound. The people on the other end could hear everything I was saying but I heard nothing. Extremely aggravating. I loved this phone for the most part but the problems it had just didn't make it worth keeping.

This phone has some great features, but also some big bugs.  Let's start with the good.AIM: I got mine through t-mobile so it came with AIM.  The AIM application on this phone is wonderful, and so much easier than using the t-zones AIM.Battery Life:  I have hour long conversations about once a day, and I find myself charging the phone every few days.  This is acceptable to me.Games:  The games included are nice, but it's a shame it comes with demo games that you can't fully enjoy without purchasing.  However, with a little bit of research, a data cable, and a few programs, I was able to download java games for my phone off the internet.  It's a little tricky but worth it.Ringtones:  I actually like the included ringtones.  It was very easy to download extra ringtones (for free!) as well.  When I had WAP on it, I simply uploaded the ringtones to my webspace and pointed the browser to the files.  Now that I have a data cable, I just use PST to upload the mp3/wav ringtones to my phone.Notice that most the positive things about the v300 are the fun parts of owning this phone.  My problem with the v300 is that it doesn't perform its basic functions as well as it should.  Here are my problems with the v300:Volume: Even when I set the call volume to 7, the maximum, I struggle to hear what people are saying.  This forces me to drive with my windows up if I'm talking on the phone and driving, and I must leave crowded areas to hear a word anyone is saying.Side buttons: As stated by most of the other reviews, the side buttons are extremely annoying.  Motorola probably put them in as a convenient way to change the ring style, however, there is no lock on the buttons so the ring style is often changed right in my purse without me knowing.  If the phone is on anything but silent and vibrate, a loud beep sound is made each time the keys are touched.Dropped calls:  When I first got this phone, it never dropped calls.  About 10 months later, I couldn't even make it through a conversation without it suddenly losing signal and dropping calls.  I don't think this is t-mobile's fault, as my mom and sister's t-mobile phones don't have this problem.  I'm lucky to make it 15 minutes without the phone dropping my call.Camera: I don't expect great quality from a camera phone, but the quality on my v300 isn't even up to par with my low camera phone standards.  The pictures are grainy, often with lines all over, and don't even bother taking a picture in a somewhat dark room.Speed: The menu has a terrible lag at times.  Sometimes it experience lag while typing a text message as well--so bad, at times, that I just give up on typing it.While I enjoy the fun features, I don't think I would buy this phone again.  I will be trying to get t-mobile to update the firmware soon, and hopefully it will work a little better.  I'll be sure to update my review if it works out.

I picked this phone because it looked cute, and seemed to have good features: camera phone, color screen. However, I soon came to realize it lacks many helpful features.You have to enter seperate phonebook entries for somebody's work, cell, or home phone. and that gets to be a pain.The camera is of very low qualityPersonally, I wish it had a sound option of vibrate and a ring tone. but those are featured seperately. The buttons on the side change the ring styles, but it sometimes changes it unexpectedly inside your purse or pocket.If you're looking for a light weight camera, this is not very heavy, but not exactly light.I recommend samsung phones, which i wish i had looked at before i purchased this phone

Excellent phone and very flexible too. I got my V300 late January and right away I went online and found a new Motorola V600 firmware and reprogrammed my V300 with it. Since they have similar hardware (with the exception of bluetooth, quad-band, and ringlights), my V300 now has video playback, POP email, unlocked browser settings, etc. Beautiful large screen, MP3 ringtones are very cool, and sleek design. I'm still infatuated with this phone. Highly recommended!

i bought this phone for free on thet-mobil site and it's kinna big and heavy and it works great ... but who care as long as i got it for free.

After two years, my phone is functioning fine.  I like having speaker phone capability, but it is marginal because of limited volume control.  The flip to answer mechanism is a bit clunky because of the potential for inadvertent half flips that hang up on the caller.  The syncronozation software SUCKS.  I'm using a very ordinary Outlook Windows Intel system, and getting the systems to interface properly is a nightmare.  It worked fine for a while, but when I hit 250 contacts, the phone froze up on loads.  Now all the meetings I had for that fateful week six months ago buzz me every single day.  They can't be deleted nor can new ones be added.

This is my very first cell phone and my first digital camera all rolled into one, and I love it! I'm fairly techno-phobic (can't operate my DVD player to save my life) and was worried that this phone would be too complicated, but it's easy to use, has great sound quality, lots of cool ring tones, and the camera feature is great.

Had this phone for almost a year. Almost no complaints. Has all the necessary functions, although rather useless camera. Recommmend.

I have had this phone for a year, and I cannot stand it! Sure, it is a fun phone, but try getting some signal! T-Mobile told me that in my area I have good to great service and should not get any calls dropped. I havent had signal for almost two weeks. Not kidding. I got one bar today for about 5 seconds. I talked to the T-mobile guys and they told me the phone actually has a glitch in it that drops calls and drops signal.... also, the speaker dies, so now the only way i can hear anyone is if i put it on speaker.... i'd rather not have the whole world listening into my convos.my recommendation.... definitely NOT a V300!!!

I loved this phone when I got it--polyphonic ringtones, cool camera features, color display.  However, the games are limited by times (hey, we all gotta keep occupied when waiting for meetings to start) and you have to PAY to get the full game--what???  Remember when you used to get games on your phone, period?  Anyway, this phone is cute and attractive, and fairly easy to use.  However, if you have T-Mobile, it's just an expensive coaster for your drink--TERRIBLE CELL SIGNAL FROM T-MOBILE!  I can stand anywhere in the world next to people with T-Mobile, and they'll have full signal bars, and I'll have maybe one or two.  Calls are constantly dropped and reception is horrible.  I called T-Mobile and they told me it was my phone (funny, it was brand new at the time and hadn't yet been beaten up).  Then I drove off accidentally with my cell phone on the roof of the car--bye, bye phone.  So, I bought a new one since I liked it so much.  Yep, same problem--horrible reception with this phone.  Cute functionality at the expense of reception.  I don't recommend this phone.

I bought this phone 8 months ago. I have been dealing with problems of this phone since then. However, I have never made a big complain to T-mobile rather than calling for tech support help as I wanted to give it a try and used it for a certain period of time before judging it. Obviously, there is no improvement.The phone keeps dropping the call every 15-40 or 60-75 minutes or so. Lately, it does its job very well dropping 90% of my calls within every 15-40 minutes. My other 2 friends have the same phone and they have this problem also.The speaker's quality of the phone is very inconsistent. Someday, it worked just fine, someday, I had to yelling at my friends asking them to repeat the stuffs since I couldn't hear them and was wondering whether they were still with me (or we got cut off again!)The speaker phone function is not any better either. The person at the other end always has difficulties hearing me.This phone definitely is defective. For sure, when the phone has been in the vibrate mode and then, I plug the charger into the phone, the ringing mode always automatically switches to the LOUD mode. (Before I discover this defect, I have had to wake up at the middle of the night because of the LOUD ringer after plugging the charger in before going to bed.)I am going to T-mobile within this week to finally make a real complain about the phone. [...]

My phone gets awful signals in both my workplace and home which makes T-Mobile service pretty much useless to me.  Contacted Customer Service and they said that nothing could be done.  So I am supposed to keep paying for service that I cannot use most of the time because I signed a 1 year service agreement with them.

This is the coolest phone ever. I HOPE AMAZON WILL RE-STOCK IT SO THAT I CAN BUY IT. COME ON GUYS I DON'T WANT TO SHOP FROM SOMEWHERE ELSE.

I wont recommend this phone to any one. I own this phone for year and half,  and in very first few weeks I started having trouble in charging the phone. They sent me a new phone, since it was under warranty. Now for last 2 months I can't hear people from otherside, callers are also mentioning that my voice is breaking up. Offcourse warranty is over now.

I have used nokia, samsung, ericcson and i think this one is the next BEST for a while. I like the ringtones (downloadable) (3gupload.com is a good free site) loud and clear, speakerphone is convenient, and the small phone size is good too. the camera is good for a phone, maybe nite pics are not as clear, but in good light u r getting some very good 640X480 pics. you can email multiple pics in 1 email, thats convenient.color screen is sharp, much better than the T610 (which i have used) good in sunlight too. there are a few recommendations that i would like to see improved upon down the lane in future models. speakerphone without opening or without waiting until i hear the other person on the line.for all u foreign travellers or ovrseas people, this phone comes with a plug adapter for asia and europe also. also comes with a nice matching color belt clip.Overall, I give this phone 4.5 stars, based on my experience.

Not only am I getting a fantastic phone, but the rebates pay me [$] back on a [$] phone.Regarding the plan, I switched from AT&T;'s lousy performance and abysmal customer service. With ATT, you wait an hour on hold and still don't get a rep. With T-Mobile, I waited under 2 minutes, and the person was extremely nice and helpful.I debated between a few plans. Decided on nationwide service, since I don't want to be zapped with LD and roaming charges when calling outside my local area.There are 3 good nationwide plans at [$]. I could have received 600 anytime minutes, and unlimited nights and weekend. Or 600 anytime, and a 3-day weekend (unlimited all day Friday-Sunday). Since I use my phone mostly during business hours, getting 1,000 anytime minutes and giving up unlimited plans was the best deal. The extra 400 daytime/business minutes are more beneficial than the few quick calls I make after 9pm and on weekends.Amazon, Motorola and T-Mobile really have the deal to beat if you need a great phone and a great calling plan.If you want the absolute latest and greatest, I suggest you wait until the Motorola v600 starts shippping, but be prepared to pay a couple hundred for it, with little or no rebates for a long time.

I used to own a nokia phone that had great reception.  When I switched to the Motorola v300, I frequently had dropped calls or reception that was so bad it was simply impossible to converse.  Both phones were with the same phone service and in the same area, so the only variable in the equation was the motorola v300.  Then it developed an odd sound problem where even though the volume level would show that it was turned up to the maximum level, the sound coming through the earpiece was barely audible, forcing me to put the call through the speaker phone in order to hear it.  And because you can't turn on the speakerphone until the call is connected, it was very difficult to make calls, since the earpiece volume was so low, I often couldn't hear the other person answer (or I could tell that they had answered, but not have been able to hear what they said.)  The last straw was when I took the phone off the charger with the phone saying "charge complete", put it in my pocket, and within 4 hours withdrew the phone to find that its battery was so weak it had powered down and shut off.  It did this to me twice in one week.  I had had enough. The camera is a cute toy, but is nowhere near cool enough to put up with all the other problems. I am currently using a "loaner phone" while I wait for a new (refurbished) motorola v300 to be sent to me.  If I have problems with the replacement phone, I'm going to find a reliable flip phone to take its place.  Even if this phone had twice as many features, if it doesn't allow me to make and recieve calls...what good is it?

I bought this phone in July 2004. Within 2 months, it started giving me problems. It freezes.. and restart. It disconnects the call automatically even though signals are full. Can not connect with computer. I can't rely on this phone if i am making important call. Would not recommend it to my worst enemy.Dont buy it. There are plenty of better phone available in market. I m just waiting for 1 yr of contact to complete.

-> The problem that most disappointed me, the T-MOBILE SOFTWARE in general &lt;-At the moment the only place where you can buy the V300 is from a T-Mobile shop, or whatever other shop which is basically reselling a T-Mobile phone. These phones are called "branded" phones, because they have additional features according to the phone operator from which they are coming.You would think that it's not a big issue, but in reality what they are selling you is not the regular V300 advertised in the Motorola website, but a "T-Mobile Motorola V300". And this also if you pay the full price to have an unlocked phone, without contract with T-Mobile. You will realize that the use of other SIM is yes allowed (to send/receive phone calls, SMS, surf internet) but not welcome, just like if in Microsoft Windows you install a different browser than Internet Explorer.The V300 is full of T-Mobile gadgets that you can't delete: for example a T-Mobile melody while switching on and off the phone, "t-zones" logo appearing during the internet connections also with other providers, and dozen of links trying to connect in various ways to "t-zones" servers. In Motorola's slang these links are called "banners", and just like in the internet environment, they are trying to invite you to leave what you where doing and to connect to the "mother" T-Mobile.You find these banners everywhere in the phone, for example within the melodies, the games, the wallpapers and the screensavers. This means that you will click on them believing that you are loading a game from the phone, but in reality you are starting to pay to T-Mobile!! And there is no warning message to tell you that the next operations are not for free, but are at the owner's expense!! If you don't have a T-Mobile card, these attempts to connect are useless and expensive: the phone attempts to connect, starts to pay, and then realizes that you don't have a T-Mobile card.I tried to prevent the phone from accessing these banners but even blocking all the WAP access features from the "security->lock application", the phone is still free to access these features. So you can't block these banners.And what is worse, you can't even delete them, because "they are part of the original T-Mobile software" (just like Internet Explorer and Windows). Part of the phone's features are useless, because these banners are not working. They will just stay in your phone, on top of every page (so that they are more visible, and you can hit them easily by mistake), and remain there inactive. But at least they will contribute to your phone operator's incomes, because every time you hit them you will pay immediately.Even if it seems incredible, Motorola doesn't offer neutral software for people who don't want the T-Mobile brand version. And what is worse, nothing is mentioned in the official Motorola and T-Mobile websites.-> KARAKIRI (software mistakes)The phone is turning of by itself from time to time (that's what I called KARAKIRI) even if the battery is full. After I turn it on again, I see that the battery has three lines, and the phone is working normally.Answer from Motorola was to try to turn off the "battery save mode" (what is this mode, does it turn off automatically the phone to save battery ?!! ). By the way, in the instruction it's nothing written about this option.One time the display of the V300 remained blocked in its screenshot after snoozing the alarm clock. In that occasion I couldn't do anything with the phone, the keypad was not working.Sometimes it happens also that the phone is switching off and on by itself when I'm in a WAP session. It's a strange problem, because I don't have to put again the PIN code, but anyway the phone call is interrupted and I have to connect to the server again (spending more money). It happened also while making a browser update through an SMS.-> CONCLUSION &lt;-Basically it's a phone with a good hardware and basic calling functions. This shows a step in the correct direction from the old fragile Motorolas.B U T: for 300 EUR it should be a high class phone, it has only TWO games, and a firmware that MUST be improved in reliability and cleverness. Being only youth and software problems, I'm confident that Motorola can do something quickly, including something for the mobiles already sold. For example they could offer a service to register their product in their website, where according to the serial number they could inform us about software updates or possible product recalls.I think that all the users should have the right to choose if they want the T-Mobile branded phone or not. At least as long as in the official website a "neutral" phone is advertised and the V300 is sold exclusively through the T-Mobile channel.A further remark: T-Mobile probably thinks that their customers are so proud of having sounds and images from their beloved company that they will like to show them to everybody. For example, concerning the switching on/off loud music, the customers will be so happy to hear every single day this T-Mobile melody, that they will never want to change it (because anyway, they are part of the original software and they can't be changed).Do they really think that the customers are so stupid and crazy about T-Mobile marketing gadgets?I'm not sure if the V525 will have similar problems with Vodafone, but my personal opinion is that there is a tendency to bind the user with a phone operator for the rest of his life (or at least of the phone's life). And this is happening using some tricks learned in the PC software business.

Pros:* An approximate eight out of 10 in call quality/reception.* Cool aesthetic design.* Shape-differentiated keys make for easy dialing.* Intuitive, user-friendly interface; menus/icons are easy to navigate.* Vibrant color display screen.* With the built-in camera, you're prepared for any eventuality. Within a day of buying the V300, I was able to photodocument two skunks frolicking on an L.A. sidestreet and an all-male Red Dress party that spilled onto a West Hollywood sidewalk I happened to be traversing. And there are even brightness and zoom controls. (Not that you want to zoom in too closely on either skunks *or* a Red Dress party.)* You can apply any photos you take as the wallpaper of your phone screenCons:* Loudness ringer should be more adjustable than "Loud" and "Soft." There should be a 1-10 volume scale. I sometimes can't hear the ringer if I'm in a store or anyplace there's a fair number of people and attendant noise.* Even with light usage, the phone should be recharged every other day, if not every day. Not really a big deal, but if Kim Basinger calls you from a New Line Cinema thriller and her life depends on the promised eight-day standby time, she is out of luck.* Sometimes the "abc2" predictive text can be hard to work with. I wind up sending messages that read "Hg Hh Hi H4, how are yw yx yy yz y9 you?" (But you can usually switch to "abc1" which is easier to get the hang of.)* The photos the camera takes are low-res -- decent enough, given the right lighting, but definitely not for archival purposes. Still, it's better than nothing if a UFO lands in front of you (provided the illumination from its ship provides enough contrast).* The user's manual is too skimpy. It tells you only the basics, and even a few of those might be left out. Don't be shy about going to a local phone dealer and bending their ear with any questions.* You can't seem to set up animated wallpaper on the main screen (or at least I can't).Those minor quibbles aside, I love the phone and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.

i purchased 2 v300 with the basic t-mobile family plan, i gained a net of $160 when purchasing it.pros- great color screen resolution- beautiful appearnece (though my case hides it)- speaker phone( i rarely use because i like to have private converstions without my roomate overhearing)- external display- flip phone- good camera with some features such as zoom and brightness control.- Spacious 5mb, well its  a bit less because of the preloaded games.- reasonable receptioncons- the battery life sucks!!!!!!!!!!!! the manual says that the standby lasts 8 days,ummm....no! it lasts more like 3-4 days.- upper keys layed in such a way that you can accidently press other keys.- NO FRIKIN' link cable, i think it's essential for them to give you one, it's useful to transfer pics and other stuff. maybe thats why the gave us 5mb of space. no blue tooth either.- manual confusing and not very helpful at times, information is very disorganized.- a little steep learning curve.- CHARGING TAKES A LOOOOOOOOOOOOONG TIME. it takes 5 hours.

This is a solid, well built, attractive, quality phone and it has all the features you can ask for.The speaker phone is a big plus...you really can't tell the difference between using the ear phone and the speaker phone.  The call is perfectly clear on both ends of the call.You're gonna love this phone!

This is my very first cell phone, and even though I don't have anything to compare it to, overall, it seems like a great phone, and I'm very happy with it.As far as the design; the size and weight seems just right. If it were any smaller or lighter, it would probably not be comfortable to use. As it is, it feels like a quality phone and not some cheap toy. I especially like the rubberized material that is on the phone, it makes for a really good grip. The little display on the front is very helpful because it lets you easily see the time, battery meter, signal strength, and who's calling - without opening it. My only problem with the design is a small one: the volume keys are on the side of the phone, so if you're not careful when you're talking, you can accidentally push them. It's not a major pain, or anything, it just takes a little bit of time to get used to.The phone comes with a decent little holster which keeps the front display visible. Removing it from the case is a tiny bit of a hassle, cause you have to pull it up by the antenna - not a big deal. The battery charger that comes with the phone seems fine, as the phone seems to get fully charged pretty fast. They REALLY, REALLY, should have included a usb cable with it, so until I buy one of those (only 10 bucks), I can't comment on how it will interact with my Mac. It also comes with an actual printed manual, which is pretty weak, they should've done a much better job with it. Luckily, the phone is really easy to use and figure out, without even needing to open the manual. I did have a question regarding the screensaver that the manual didn't cover, and when I emailed motorola, I received a response from their staff in less than 24 hours.As for the features, I'm very happy with them. This is a phone that most people will be able to take out of the box and start using within a few minutes, as the interface is really easy to use, and all the features are pretty easy to find.As for the sound/call quality of the phone; this seems to be excellent. There were a few times that the sound of the person I was talking to gets really quiet for few seconds here and there, and that is really frustrating, but I really doubt that this has anything to do with the phone itself. Most likely, it's a carrier issue, but thankfully, it doesn't happen often. The speakerphone works really good. As for the camera, as long as you have some light, the pics seem decent (for a phone camera), obviously, the camera isn't supposed to be for taking high quality pictures, but for fun, it does a decent job (just not in extremely low light conditions).The service from tmobile seems ok so far, I'm just outside of Chicago, IL. When I'm inside my house, I've had a few problems here and there with intermittent volumes of the callers voice (on rare occasions the sound becomes almost inaudible). This is not very often though and from what I understand, ALL providers have their moments. This could very well be an issue with where my condo is located, so it's probably not much for anyone else to be too concerned with.Overall, so far, I'm very happy with the purchase, and I would highly recommend this phone to others.

Got this phone the day it was released, and still am loving it. Has great display capabilities. Pictures are awesome, as are the ringtones. Just wish they made a color display for the outside of the phone as well, so when you assign pictures to phone numbers, you can see who is calling. Downloaded full version of bejeweled and it works great. Many wallpaper options, but only one screensaver and have not been able to find any more. Even has a speaker phone option, which works great. Wish it was in pink thou.

Amazon: You just cannot find a better price/rebate anywhere else (If you did, I don't want to know)T-mobile: Signal strength improved a lot since I last used them (~5yrs ago).  From where I live and work, it is much better than my old AT&T; which was replaced by this one.  But again, you service area may have a differnt story.  Customer service was helpful.V300: I have always been a friend of Nokia, but decided to give this a try since Amazon has a nice rebate.  This phone works surprisingly well!  I am not 100% happy with the menu (logic) but I guess I am bias since I am used to the Nokia and Panasonic I have owned.  I use it as "a phone" for the most part, but the camera and games are decent.  Display has good resolution, but the camera doesn't (that's why the pre-loaded wall paper shows much better detail than pictures you take with the phone).  Since it doesn't have Bluetooth or IR, you may want to consider the V600 if you plan on exchanging a lot of pictures and tones with other device.  Or you can send it through you phone but the charge can add up fast.  Some other reviewer mentioned using a USB connection cable, I like that idea.  Getting a cable is easy but can someone share about where to get the necessary software and how well does the cable/software function?Overall, nice phone, good service, great price.

I've owned this phone for ~2 years. Along with many other people, my phone had the problem of being "Unable to Charge" for no reason other than bad manufacturing. Now I cannot hear anyone unless I put the phone on speakerphone (which can ONLY be activated a few seconds after the other people answers the phone or after I answer because of the terrible lag of the commands). Of course, the phone is not under warranty and I was told at the T-Mobile store that it is a very common problem.Don't buy it, it is really an awful piece of equipment.

Out of 5 different phones I have had, this is the best. Apart from great looks, functionaly it is good too. Important things to note are excellent resolution and clear camera, very loud speaker phone, user-friendly menu. And yes, for me, above all, I can send SMS text messages to my family and friends in countries across globe. That too, 300 messages for just $2.99. (Correction - Starting Aug 2004 T-mobile stopped this text message plan for international messages. Unfair thing is that they did not even inform customers. Just started charging extra!)Some not so good things - T-mobile service sucks in BayArea (indoors). T-mobile is so good in Seattle area but bad in Bay Area, CA, where I need it. My reasons to switch to T-mobile from Sprint were: nice free phone, better customer service, text messages SMS and more minutes. I am overall happy with my decision.

I bought this phone from my local mall store for $100 with a $100 mail in rebate. I charged the phone for 12 hrs on Friday night when I got home and I first turned it on Saturday morning. The battery indicator showed 3 full bars. I fooled around with this phone all day Saturday - setting up my features and voicemail and phone numbers - in fact, I manually typed in 44 phone numbers and names. (T Mobile had not set up my txtmsg feature at that point - so I could not load in the names and numbers on line then have them sent to my phone - so I put all of them in with the phone keypad. I then made several calls and I even used the built in speakerphone. I took 4 pics and... this is the part I could NOT believe... after all this... the battery was still on FULL!!!! It hadn't even dropped from 3 bars to 2 bars at this point. I continued to use the phone on Sunday - downloading a bunch of ringers and games... and, as of 9PM last night (Sunday) the battery finally dropped to 2 bars... WOW!!!  That is impressive battery life! The phone works well - It is heavier then my Samsung E105 was - but I guess the battery is bigger in this one and it does have the camera and speakerphone. I would like to say that the speakerphone is a little annoying. You can't turn the speakerphone on until your calls connects. It would be nice to be able to turn the speakerphone on, dial, then listen for your party to answer... but you have to hold the phone up to your ear, when the person answers... you have to say "hold on, I'm putting you on speaker"... not horrible, but I thought I'd point it out. Other than that - I really like the phone so far.

I love this phone.  I've wanted a cell phone for years and had one of those phonecard phones (boring) so when my husband bought his phone I told him to add me to the plan :) this phone is very easy to handle.  It has a bright vibrant screen and for a cell phone, I think the camera takes great pictures.  You can see a sample of pictures under [...]  I was able to email friends and family a picture of our youngest son minutes after he was born :)The sound from the earpiece and speaker is very clear, there are lots of default ringtones that sound good to choose from.  The demo games are great to play when waiting in line somewhere.  The exterior screen displays the time in large letters so it's easy to see, and it will display who's calling before you flip open to answer.  The voice recognition works great too (except when it picks up the baby crying heh).Anyway, this is a great phone and worth the headache my husband and I went through to get after returning our Samsung E715 phones...they're sold out of V300s in my town!

Cool color to begin with, but scratches easy, even with a cover on, pouch and all.  The functions are confusing, and slow.  Still trying to get use to it.  Too bad Nokia has no flip phones.

I bought this phone in Dec. 2004.  In Feb. 2005 the battery stopped holding a charge so Tmobile sent me a new battery.  That stopped working a week later so they sent me a new phone.I noticed the new (could be refurbished they said) phone seemed "tighter...even the batteries fit better.Three weeks later the phone stopped working.  They wanted to replace it with the same model.  I said no.  So I cancelled and stopped the autowithdrawal at the bank and will not pay the cancellation fee.  Ever.Tmobile is great.  The V300 sucks.  Anyone interested in starting a class action lawsuit against Motorola and this phone email me watchtower77@gmail.com.

I really like this phone. The organizer, speech recognition and other features are really good. I like the camera, association of images and sounds, the organizer, etc. But, after about 9 months, the speaker in the clam shell started working intermittently, so i needed to put it on speakerphone to hear people. I know of a few other folks who have had similar issues with the clam shell construction. I had a new phone sent to me from the carrier and now I'm back in action, but be forewarned about the wear and tear issue.

I've owned several phones in the last 6 years. Ericson, Motorolla, Nokia, Samsung, LG, Sanyo, and now i'm back to Motorolla again.  I have never been happier with a cell phone than I am with the V300.  The picture quality is awesome, the sound is awesome, the ringtones are awesome.  Not to mention the design and the weight of this phone.  I toss it into my small handbag and there's still room for my wallet.  I am so glad I spent the money on this camera and switching to TMobile than staying with that other provider and those phones.  I've shown it to 5 people I know and they've made the switch and bought this phone.  It really is a little gem!When I purchased this phone I was looking for something with Bluetooth.  I gave up the Bluetooth search because the phones I did find with it were bulky, hard to use, and just plain unattractive.  Maybe that's because of the area of the country where I live, maybe it's because a sharp looking and functional phone with bluetooth doesn't quite exist yet unless you want to fork over a car payment.In short, I love my Moto. Unless technology drastically changes i'm sure i'll be keeping this phone or at least upgrading to the next version.  I reccommend this phone and TMobile over any other.

This phone SUCKS.  I Have had to return two phones already and my third phone is already broken.  The earpiece in the headset just stops working and you have to use speakerphone all the time in order to hear people.  I never dropped any of my phones and always carried them in the holster given to me by t-mobile, yet they still stopped working.  PIECE OF CRAP!!!!!

Pros- Good quality speaker phone.  The other side hear it clearly and this side also hear it clearly.  Had it on while driving and my wife on the other side could hear the tire noise.- Has many good options to play around with.  Txt messaging, camara, etc.- Sounds clear but a little low on max vol.- Good resolution screen (for a cell phone)- Data cable from Moto works perfectly with the phone.  Easy to maneuver and download/upload from/to the phone.- Can call T-mobile within 3 months of Activation to unlock the phone to work with other non T-mobile Sim card.- T-mobile customer care is easy to deal with and sending me a new replacement phone.Cons- Weird buttons.  The number keypad has small circle and long ones.  They're a little too small for normal fingers.- Can't vibrate + Ring at the same time.  One or the other.- Can't pick up the phone using the speaker phone.  Have to pick up the phone first, then turn on the speaker phone.  (B/c mine is busted, my reason is below)I was playing around with the network settings and now my phone is screwed (Not sure if b/c I was playing around with it or what).  Even when I put it back to the original settings.  My phone now has signal, but a lot lower then before.  I was @ T-mobile store and I had no signal while the sample phones signal were full (was a working sample phone b/c I tested by dialing a number and it was accually calling).  At some spot that I used to have full signal, now I has little to no signal.Reason for me giving this phone 2 stars is b/c so many ppl has similar problems to mine.  I still think Motorola is good to deal with but this 1 in particular isn't good.

A phone which has got lots of very useful features and functions.Pros:Very Good reception. Works great inside buildings.Clear beautiful color screen and camera. One of the best out thereCons:The buttons are kind of small and needs getting used to.Little bulky if you compare it to a Samsung flip phones. But does things better than the Samsung.

When i first got this phone i loved it. I did everything with this phone. Then at time's i saw people with nextel. I have t-mobile and not to disrespect any one but tmobile sucks, now here me out before you start talking about me in a bad way and i don't know what im talking about. I have problems with t-mobile every month (literaly) if its either with downloading things i did not download or text messaging. But when i bought this phone i was suppose to get a (...) now did i? nope. They said it would go towards my minutes, Did it? nope.Well anyway this phone is great for a certain amount of time, it gets very boring after awhile though. Memory goes up quick, it is not even loud, it does not have soft key buttons. This phone is perfect for beginers w/ there first cell phone. Thats who i recomend it the most. For other users i don't see how you like it anymore it is just to much a waste now. Its a good durable phone i dropped it couple times but now when i flip the screen the screen just stays black. And by the way if you buy the v600 (...). It is the exact same thing, only difference it has is what the nextel i730 has, the color in the external with the m on it.Thats all there is no video no nothing, it has a little bit more memory, i would recomend this phone then that phone

I'm very satisfied with my v300, especially since I paid next to nothing for it. It's a nice phone and has plenty of fun features. I've been learning to make my own ringers from existing mp3 files by clipping them and sending them to my phone. Basically, it's the same thing as the &quot;hi-fi&quot; ringers available for $1.99 a pop. The T-Zones web browser is pretty easy to navigate, but keep in mind that what pops up first is the home-page from T-Mobile and is all links provided BY T-Mobile. It's easy enough to get out of though once you get to know your phone. If you're having a hard time with it or you want something with more features, it is possible to get a Java web browser for your phone. The camera is fun, but really only a feature to be used on the phone. If you want a digital camera and a phone, by them seperate. As a phone, it's great. Clean, clear, crisp. My only complaint is that the layout does take a little time to get used to and the manual just isn't informative enough, especially since the SIM chip isn't really addressed in the manual. Take some time and get to know this phone when you get it.

This phone was garbage! AT random times my screen would just go blank and freeze and then come on a minute later. Everyone in my family has this phone (4 people) and we have had to get 3 family members new phones. Mine would say Unable to Charge when i tried to charge it. My dad's phone had about a 50% chance of dropping the phonecall when he was on the phone and my sister's backlight for her screen broke so she couldn't see her screen in the dark. I am giving the review two stars because (one star) they did replace our junky phones (with more junky V300s) and the second star, you can lock up your apps, pics, etc. The screen is legit, the camera is aight, the degree of customization is respectable, but you get what you pay for. If youre checking out T-Mobile phones, hit up the Sidekick II! $50 back in rebates for a phone that is ten times as good as the V300. But stay away from all of these triplet motorolas, everyone i know has issues with them, they are slow and defective!

this phone is easy to work but the speaker phone is like a kids toy. i have the e715 this is a much better and cleaner phone but it doesnthave speaker phone, the picture qualit on the e715 bows the v300 away. the v300 is very fragle i droped it and the front screen cracked, in a scooba cover.i droped the samsung e715 about 10 times it still works real good and picture qualit is very cler but the v300 zooms in better but very grainy. over all the e715 is amuch better phone but i am getting the nokia,video phone next.

Does everything a phone is supposed to do ... and is small and handy. Camera is alright  ... no blue tooth functionality available so its a drawback. But over all a very sturdy unit and gave no trouble watsoever.

Was a fun gadget at first but started developing problems after about six months. Spontaneously resets to silent or vibrate, so you miss tons of calls.  Shows calls that you answered as "missed" after you hang up. Charger connection is a terrible design  does not fit well, and has to be manipulated to begin charging (This was true from day one). Number of missed calls and number of pending messages indicator is always wrong. Volume spontaneously shuts itself off and you can't hear your caller. I've nursed this phone along for about 18 months now and its headed out to the scrap heap. I won't be stopping by a motorola store on my way back.

I have motorolla v300 with T-mobile 1yr plan since march04.It worked good for first 2 monts. After that it started to drop calls after 8 to 10 mins. irrespective of whether the phone is fully charged/not  or the signal is very good/bad.I asked for a replacement phone and the replaced phone is doing the same thing after only couple of weeks of good performance.The same problem was faced by two of my friends who have v300 + t-mobile combination.

I would have given this phone 3 or 4 stars, but like everyone is saying, this phone drops my calls A LOT!!  I have had this phone for almost a year now and NOW I hate it!  It is SO hard to have a decent conversation when it keeps dropping your calls so frequently.  I've noticed when it drops my calls that the signal strength is there, but what else could it be if it's not the signal?  The area I'm in has full signal so, the only thing I can think of is the phone itself.  My roommate, his brother, and I have this same phone and we ALL have problems with it.  I have now gotten a new phone, along with my roommate and his brother.So, I say to those who have recently picked this phone up:  BEWARE...you may like it now, but just when you're in the middle of that important conversation, it'll drop...and drop again!  I think that those who like it now is because they've only had it for a couple of weeks or a few months...but I've had this phone for quite some time and it is extremely FRUSTRATING AND IRRITABLE!!!

I had to drive an hour away to get this phone (as an upgrade). I absolutely love this phone...I've had it for a week now and haven't had any problems. The camera is great, and sound/reception quality beats out my old Nokia 3390. My friends love the phone and wish they could find one. I just added the T-Zones service to my T-Mobile plan and now I can send pictures to any e-mail address, including PC's. The pictures are 640 x 480 and good quality (amazing, when coming from a camera phone.) I can't recommend this phone enough.

Ok, so Sony Ericsson 610 has bluetooth technology. But does it do the fundamental things well? Absolutely not! I had dropped calls and generally poor reception with the Sony Ericsson. Where the 610 gave me two or three amber bars for reception, my new V300 gives a full 5 green bars. In addition, it's seems solidly built and has the cool blue color. All in all, a much superior phone to the Ericsson sham.

OK... sooo i just got off the house phone with t-mobile... They are sending me my 3rd V300 due to problems... My first V300 within 3 months lost all sound out of the earpiece... bassically i had to have the phone on speaker all the time... Then they sent me a second one... Within another 3 months the same thing happened to this one... THATS TWO PHONES IN A ROW THAT THE EARPIECE WENT OUT!!!  BUT!!! T-mobile has replaced the phone both times with little hasle and no cost out of my pocket... A+++ for customer service!!!

I bought the v300 when it first came out, for $200 or so.  A year and a half, and 4 replacement phones later, I am incredibly unsatisfied.  I have had problems with the phone(s) from day one.  On the first 2 phones, the battery eventually stopped charging up (within the first 2 months of purchase).  On the second 2 phones, the phones screen would not work.I love the look, weight, and structual durablility of this phone.  But, the technology was worthless.  Do not buy this phone

I purchased this phone arter owning several pre-paid models.  The pre-paid phones worked for me, but increased need for my cell phone as I moved to a college campus led me to purchase the Motoral v300.  The phones most distinctive feature is it's textured blue casing.  Motorola says that it is grippy, but that isn't why I'm impressed with it--the grip factor is minimal.  It is very stylish,and I like the fact that you can drop this phone a few times--although I don't recommend it--and the textured blue casing will not get scratched.  The color screen and camera are nice additions, but I'm not primarily concerned with them so I can't make a judgement on their quality.  The phone's reception is ok, I live on a college campus so I don't expect to get reception everywhere.  People with other carriers sometimes get reception where I don't, and I often get reception where they don't.  One pet peeve of mine is that when I'm coming from an area where I don't get reception into an area where I do get reception, it takes a while for the phone to reestablish the reception.  I can be walking from a basement to an open room or outdoors, and it may take a little while to get reception again.  This one drawback is annoying, but if you like all the other features of the phone, it's noting too serious.

This phone is great. Camera has good resolution, menu's are easily navigated. Customizable ringtones and a sleek design make this a great buy

After intensive reserch and window shopping, I finally decided on this with T-mobile, getting my minutes doubled with a bit less money than what I had with AT&T;/Cingular.  Pics from Camera are surprisingly good.  A plus for me is that the Mobile PhoneTools and USB cable I bought for V60i also worked for this phone allowing me to transfer numbers within two seconds from the old phone, make my own wallpaper with any pic from computer and make ringtones from any mp3 songs or CD track with the free Ringtone Ripper.Pros:1. Loud Speakerphone2. Bright, big, high resolution display screen3. MP3 ringtones and wallpapers from computer4. Decent camera5. Sleek nice-feel exterior6. Auto-updated timeCons:1. Phone book (whoever went backwards from the StarTec to come up with one entry per number should be prosecuted.)

I got this phone because I was tired of SprintPCS customer service, the battery in my old phone lasted only a couple of hours, and also wanted to try GSM. Well, the phone stays on for about 3 days if I do not use it too much, so I am quite happy with that, and the customer service is nicer, they promptly unlocked the phone at my request after I had it for 3 months. I didn't notice any difference between CDMA and GSM though. But the phone itself leaves much to be desired.The controls are extremely uncomfortable. The "smart" button is just an annoyance, the volume control button is activated almost every time the phone moves in my pocket or when I pick it up. The interface is not convinient even with the customizations -- it takes too many pushes on the buttons to do what you want. Instead of saying "You have voicemail" the phone says "you have a message". When you check the message, it tells you "dial 123 to check you voice mail". (Bad joke, Motorola.) The phone has numerous useless features, and it is SLOW! Seriously, it feels as if you are working on a computer while it is checking the hard drive for viruses. When dialing a number, sometimes I need to wait for half a second or more before it beeps to confirm I pressed it. Voice dialing is also not as good as on my previous Samsung. Picture quality is horrible. You can't expect much from such a small lens, but still, it is horrible. Judging by the kinds of customization this phone offers and the features stressed in the phone description I assume it was designed primarily for the teenagers.Overall, it is not too bad a phone for the price: -$100 after rebates, but I am very disappointed with Motorola. I quess my next phone will be a Samsung again, or something else.

This is an excellent phone with great features. Only thing lacking is blue-tooth and infra-red connectivity. Other than that, it has all the features you would need.

The V300 is a good phone bang for the buck.  The speakerphone is loud but not as loud as Nextel phones.  The color screen looks really nice, much better than the Siemens and SonyEricsson ones.  I'm not a big fan of the blue front and back, but it does help to hold the phone as a grip.  The buttons in the inside look weird to me with rectangles and circles....What was Motorola thinking of?? lol...The camera seems pretty good, I mean it's a camera on a phone so I don't expect too much out of it.  I can't believe Motorola never thought about answering a phone call with the flip closed.  There is no way to answer a phone call while the flip being closed.  Also another annoying thing is that you can't really turn the speakerphone on until the person you are calling picks up.  I used to have Nextel, and I could call someone and hear the ring in the speakerphone.  I live in Chicago where T-Mobile gets great service, and also the battery is OK.  You can really run it down if you take too many pictures.  I got the phone for free plus 50 dollars back from Amazon, and also it comes with a few European adaptors and a bulky carrying case.  I'm a fan of Motorola phones, but there is still room for improvement.  This phone does not feel cheap when you are holding it.  It's not quite heavy or light.  Just the perfect size and weight.Thanks to a fellow Amazon member...I've been corrected, there is a way to answer phone calls with the flip closed..You hold the smart button for 2 seconds...THANK U SK....

The phone had a good feeling when you grab it. The material of the cover was between rubber and plastic. Very awesome but not the phone itself. It worked little over a year. It has been recycled for a long time now!

ring volume does not go loud enough. vibrate is weak.good display on outside and when opened. small. didn't break when dropped--so far. good battery. camera quality good. displayes number on outside of phone when calling. silent on phone option is good.

I bought one a month ago, attracted by its style. Now I got a second one for my wife! Well, had I ordered earlier, I could get $50 more discount from T-mobil :) Phone is excellent, just wonder why it took so long for motorola to deliver this product! One tip I found: better fully use up the battery then recharge it the first few times, then you get a longer standby time :)

The phone is really cool, with all its features. I liked Picture IDs in particular. The picture quality of pics taken by it's camera is much much much better than any other camera phone i've seen so far. Only stuff that i didn't like was that it doesn't store more than one copy of the missed or recieved calls. In my earlier Nokia 8260 it stored upto 5 (or mebbe 3??) copies of a missed call or received calls with call times. And this for 10 numbers. This phone stores only the latest call. so if a person has called you twice and u've missed both calls. Then it'll say u've missed two calls but will show you only time for the last call. Otherwise, this phone is cool. I like the look n feel of it. Just the right weight i'd say. T-mobile service is okie. Not as gud as i used to get with AT&amp;T. But then it can depend on location to location. So in all am pretty happy with this buy. But if AT&amp;T (now Cingular) can come up with a cool phone like this, then am surely going to switch back to AT&amp;T.BTW... i missed the 1000+ mins promotion with unlimited night n weekend minutes i guess... am getting only 600 mins :( I shud call up T-mobile i guess. But if u r getting 1000 anytime minutes then the slight decrease in reception quality is affordable. Remember its not as bad as one wud experience with T610. But i have had a few instances of dropped calls and poor reception. But if i disconnect and call back again then the connection next time is crystal clear. I wonder why.

This phone has endless features. I really liked the possibility of having mp3 and midi ringtones, this totally rocks! The phone is light, easy to use, has internet connection and the option of checking e-mails (yay!), games are cool (monopoly, stuntmam). The phone does get a bit stuck and slow when it has too much information to handle, but except that it is perfect!The only problem I've got is that I bought the phone in Germany and brought it to my place. My country doesn't support it so I can't "download" wallpappers, ringtones or games onto my phone, so be sure you have it in your country otherwise all the abilities of the phone will just be useless. And that's bad because it has so many options to share.

I compared this phone with Samsung E315 side by side in a shopping mall with glass roof. Under sunshine, Motorola V300's display  still looks vivid while Samsung's is harder to view. But  Samsung E315 is lighter and the keypads are larger. I finally picked Motorola V300 considering of its functions, vivid color display, good customer review and the possibility to be unlocked and used in Asia and other countries. When the package was opened, I fell in love with this phone immediately, so did my teenager son. It's a big improvement comparing to my precious phones from Nokia (the old fashion 3360?) and Siemens (S56). To list some of them:(1) Color display and sound quality are excellent. The ringtone is loud. The speaker phone works great even in the noisy shopping mall. Excellent reception.(2) User-friendly menu. It took my son less than ten minutes to custimize the setup and play the games.(3) Free T-zone. You can download games, wallpapers, etc with small fees.(4) Easy to use voice recorder. I can record my car location in the parking lot of a shopping mall.(5) Digital camera works great. Adjustable zoom and brightness.(6) Very good battery life. I have it on daytime only and it lasts for at least four days.(7) I changed the setting to hide my ID.(8) You can also set it in auto-answer mode when driving(called car setting). No button pressis necessary.(9) It's compatiable with regular 2.5mm headsets used for home cordless phones. You don't have to use the small earbud included with the package.Overall, it's a solid, up-to-date, and fun phone.  Much better than I expected. I like it so much and ordered additional three for our family. I wish they had different faceplate colors and bigger letters on the buttons.

If you would have asked me about six months ago how I felt about my phone, I would have told you that I LOVED it.  But that was six months ago.  About four months ago I started having problems with my phone that just can't be overlooked.  It started dropping my calls after about 15-20 minutes.  After a little while, I called T-Mobile to see what they could do about it.  They were really helpful at first and sent me a "new" refurbished phone.  After about a week, the same problem started happening with the "new" phone.  The saga continues... I went through 3 phones, 2 SIM cards, and 2 batteries.  AND even after all that, T-Mobile wanted to send me ANOTHER refurbished V300!  I argued with the customer service people (who ought to change their name to customer disservice) several times before they agreed to send me a brand new Samsung e315.After my experience with this phone, I feel safe to say that a majority of the people that are happy with their phones now will have problems with it in the future.  It took about 10 months before my phone started dropping my calls.  But after it started, there was no stopping it.  I consistently lost every phone call after about 12 minutes on ALL three phones.Additionally, this phone has poor picture quality and there were several times I couldn't hear the person on the other line when I received calls.The features of this phone are nice, but it doesn't function well at all.  The V300 will turn faithful Motorola and T-Mobile customers away from their services.  I've had T-mobile for a little over a year and this is my 10th Motorola I've had, and I won't be a returning customer.  I'm very unsatisfied with my experience.  I wouldn't recommend this phone to anybody.

I had this phone at one time for quite awhile.  The first one o got had problems picking up a signal in certain areas. T-Mobile Replaced it and I never had a problwem after.  I like this phone a bit bulky in the pocket. Somewhat Heavy. Features and Functions Like every other motorola phone

Physically the phone looks great and does what it should, but lately I am having more problems.  When using AIM it locks up and you have to remove the battery and reset the phone.  Also the camera pics are starting to become fuzzy if there is low lighting.  Also there are other covers available for it, but you have to VOID the warrentee to change the covers.  One thing I do like about this phone is that I haven't had any dropped calls.  I live in a highly urban area and with the previous phone (Samsung) I was having dropped calls constantly, and sometimes when on a call I had to stand perfectly still or risk dropping the call.  The V300 has not been like that at all.

About 5 months after I bought this phone, I couldn't hear anything that was being said to me unless my phone was on speaker.  This can only be done after a call is answered.  So I called t-mobile, and they replaced the phone with a new v300.  Another 4 months later, and I have the same exact problem.  Only this time, if I want the phone replaced, I have to pay for it.Now imagine having to conduct all of your phone calls on speakerphone, no matter who you're with.Seriously, don't buy this phone.

I am not saying that the people that have written a review here are wrong. I had some problems, mostly beacuse my company sold me a phone that had been returned to them because it was broken! I was so p****d off, but since I had read some of the reviews here I didn't think to much of the earlier problems. I quickly got a new phone (no previous owners!) and since then it has been working perfect.I like the camera (though that wasn't the main reason for buying it). I am having fun with the cool little personal features...and it works fine.By the way, my main reason for buying the v300 - It's small and it's blue ! :o)

I signed up for T Mobile service in Dec 2004. Not one week has passed that I did bot have a service issue. The Motorola V300 phone was swapped 4 times. All 3 returned phones were "lost" by T Mobile. I was billed $212 each time. After numerous phone calls and LOTS of time and disconnects, they "found" the phones and issued credits. My voice mail system is often full of static, can't hear a word of the message, no indication of new messages waiting or sometimes I get a notice that messages are waiting but when checked, nothing there? The sytem was reset 3 times, still not working. Offered to rest it again??? I asked to be released from my contract since they can't get my service working correct after 6 months. They told me "sure, but it will cost $200". I now drop my plan to $19.99, throw my phone in a drawer and let them steal another $100 from me! The worst customer service I ever dealt with. Always sorry, but do nothing. Refuse to escalate to a higher division that might reason with my issues, a few wanted to argue, hung up on me, and reminded me to "read my contract again once we get off the phone" BEWARE!!!

I was never a huge fan of people who were mad over phones but I have become one with my Motorola V300. I researched this phone and its reviews for a month before I bought it and I haven't been let down at all. The camera is really easy to use, has a 3x zoom, and makes great pictures and I can email them to my daughter's father in England which is really convenient.The phone itself has a really useful keypad where you can program four keys to quicklink to phone features like the phonebook, pictures, personalization page etc which I really like.It's small and compact and I bought a really cute glittery star cover for it.I am trying to find out if/how I can put my own mp3 ringtones on the phone. The polyphonic ones sound rubbish but the proper song ones (I have so far got Incubus and Lostprophets) sound amazing (although at top volume they sound like they're going to blow the speakers)! However the choice for these on the T-Mobile website is really small.The only problems I have are that I cannot make call while it's plugged into the car charger, the call will fail every time, and the battery seems to die faster than my old brick Nokia did even if I don't make a call all day.T-Mobile's service has been excellent. But, I got T-Mobile service specifically to use it to call internationally and use while I visit Britain as I need to be able to reach my daughter's father at all times. I was not informed at the time of purchase that you have to wait three months (or with some accounts up to a year) and I did get several different answers when I called customer care about the matter until I finally sorted out the right one. That was really annoying and I did consider cancelling the service but I love this phone and the three months will go quickly. And the phone will still work in the UK, I will just have to use my Orange sim card (and it came with UK and European wall plug in thingies for the charger which is really convenient).So overall, a fantastic phone. I'm a bit weary about Asurion insurance as I have read a lot of customer complaints about them. Just know that changing the cover yourself voids the warranty and the insurance, you have to have it done at a T-Mobile shop and hopefully I will get a new V300 if I ever make a claim, not a refurbished one.But anyway, get this phone, you won't be disappointed.

I will not hash over the things that many other wrote in their reviews, but mainly will focus on the problems that I've had with this phone over the course of 1 year that I've had it.1) Battery life is not nearly as good as advertised - lasts about 8 hours - but I admit to be using the phone often and need to swap batteries (have an extra one in the charger) because the wire charger would not charge the phone! (another story altogether) However, my cranky old Samsung (a generation prior to e415) used to last 2 full days on an extended battery with same or greater amt of use.2) Familiar problem - phone's earpiece is too quiet.3) Software's pure crap - the phonebook is not only not intuitive, it would save phone numbers under different people's names! No, not my mistake - checked this several times, and then spoke to a sales rep who said that this does indeed occur with this phone.4) Poor reception - the said Samsung had a much better reception in buildings. And it wasn't Sprint service either - T-mobile and Sprint are equivalently bad.5) Setup - very panful to readjust setup options/ringers.Overall, I don't like this phone at all. Very poor fundamentals - but it looks cool and has a (very useless, but still cool) camera.And, judging by Motorolas of my friends (Nextel models aside), I don't think I want to own another Motorola product. When's the new Treo coming out again...?

In Norfolk, Virginia, I get dropped calls every 10-15 minutes.I live a mile from the heart of downtown Norfolk.The phone has nice features. The Camera works great.But a phone is for calling people and my dropped calls hinder my ability to talk.

I like the phone, really small and light. Camera works great. Picture taken from camera can be downloaded into the web. Auto Adjustment Time setting feature is a nice feature. Voice is completely Digital and Clear (when I get a connection). Easy menu options. Amazon.com delivers extremely fast.But, what about T-Mobile Network Connection? 95% of the time I get no signal or no reception. Neither, any one can call me up nor I can place a call. Even nobody can reach in my Voice Mail, not even me (I tried for testing)! At least, if I do not have a signal, the call should go to my voice mail.Make sure, you have very good network strength in your area before considering T-Mobile.

It's definitely small, light weight and loaded with useful features (camera, alarm, mini organizer). The design is also pretty and the phone feels smooth in your hands... but the phone kept dying on me.  i had to return it twice during my one year warranty. once the backlight stopped working and i couldn't see anything. on the second phone the camera stopped working. finally my third phone works fine, but after two years the speaker started deteriorating and i can't hear anything on the other end unless i put it on speaker or use the earphone. it was also pretty slow when browsing through pictures and occasionally freezes up.

First of all, I normally don't give many five star ratings.  But in this case, I felt compelled to because I have been absolutely thrilled with this phone.  When planning an upcoming trip overseas, I decided to upgrade from a Nokia 3595 to the V300.  Signal quality-wise, it is basically the same as the Nokia, but with a lot more features.The V300 is a clamshell tri-band gsm world phone (basically, it has most of the same features as the V600, except no Bluetooth, but much less expensive).  It operates on 900, 1800, and 1900 MHz.  I was also surprised that it came with a standard travel charger and adapters for foreign electrical outlets (no converter necessary).  You just snap the required adapter into the transformer and plug it into the foreign outlet. A nice touch for travelers!Also, it has a currency converter/calculator and can be used as an alarm clock.  Very useful!  This phone is a better travel alarm than some of the ones I have purchased!  It even has a snooze feature.  To turn the alarm off you have to open the phone and press a menu key.  Otherwise, it will snooze.The VGA camera was better than I expected.  Pictures can be emailed or sent to other MMS enabled phones.  The LCD screen is bright and can be viewed in both sunlight and indoors without problems.Sending and receiving SMS text messages is easy.  iTap takes some getting used to, but once you do, pounding out text messages is fast.  After sending and receiving text messages to friends overseas, I can understand why messaging is taking off.  It is so much less obtrusive than a phone call, especially when you are in meetings all day.The V300 supports AOL instant messenger (which I don't use).  With Yahoo Instant Messenger version 6, you can receive and send messages to and from Yahoo instant messenger, but it is entirely through sms messages.  It is unwieldy, but possible.Also, T-Mobile service is great.  They offered to unlock the phone, no questions asked, so you can use overseas SIM cards while you travel.  They are the most progressive of all the cell phone companies in the US in this respect.The ringtones are simply awesome, including mp3 ring tones.  When my phone rings at work, heads turn.The battery lasts about two or three days with me taking pictures, talking, or sms'ing (but I'm not a heavy cell phone user-- I only make one or two calls a day). One of the best things I like is that this phone will beep when the battery gets low.  If will give you plenty of warning. I even decided to run down the battery until it was dead.  It beeped for half a day before finally quitting. In contrast, the Nokias would only beep while you were talking on the phone, and die.The only bad thing (so far) is that the menus are not very well thought out.Most of the negative reviews are because of T-mobile tower signal issues.  Make sure you are in a coverage area before ordering.  In my unscientific comparison test, this phone was marginally better at picking up the signal than the Nokia 3595 inside buildings.

I got this phone for free, because T-Mobile had a 5 day sale. Anyways, I just got the phone a couple days ago, and I am very impressed. The battery life was short to start out with, but thats because I didnt charge my phone when I first got it (which youre supposed to do). Anyways, its good now, and the pictures I have been taking turn out well. The color screen is amazing and has great clarity. My only complaint is that the buttons are a little small. I havent gotten the hang of dialing without looking yet. Also, I upgraded from a Nokia, and it took me a while to get used to the Motorola menus and buttons (the Send and End buttons are switched, as are the buttons to cancel/confirm stuff in the menu). The exterior display is also nice to look at, as its a nice shade of blue.

This is a great looking phone and does not scratch easily.  The camera is great, screen is colorful and bright, and the reception is always great.  BUT the battery sucks.  If I have a 2 minute phone call on a full charge and take no pics the battery will drain in less than a day.  I really take care of the battery and never leave it plugged in longer to get full charge and I always drain it all the way down before recharging.  If you like a cool looking phone with great features and don't mind having to charge it twice a day this is the phone for you.

I don't usually write reviews, but this is a special case.My husband and I each got a v300 when we signed up with T-Mobile just over a year ago. We didn't have too many problems with the phones during that time and were pretty happy with them overall. The screen on one of them froze a couple of times, the ring-style buttons on the sides were a pain, the photos came out grainy...but you expect a glitch or two with most technological products, right?We were excited when we completed our contracts and were no longer locked in for any certain length of time--just month-to-month service, which we thought was fairly decent. Occasional dropped calls and spotty service when travelling were our only minor gripes.Well, we only got to enjoy our freedom for a couple of months. This morning, after being plugged into the charger all night, my husband's phone said "invalid battery" on the screen. It hadn't charged at all. When I put in a different battery, it still said the same thing. I called T-Mobile and described the problem and the CS person said this was a known problem that had only occurred in about 100 of these phones. She told me she would see if they could replace it even though it was outside of the one-year warranty period.It turned out that she could only replace it if we paid $70 and signed up for another year of service. Either that or pay to upgrade to another phone. I said no deal, disconnect us.The disconnect person said she could send us a free low-end phone, again tying us to a one-year contract. Not good enough, I'm afraid.So we will very shortly be without cell phone service and I am left searching for another carrier and facing another lengthy contract. Maybe we'll go with Cingular so that we can M2M with other family members.I'm very disappointed with T-Mobile and with this phone. An expensive cell phone should last more than just over a year, especially since we are VERY careful and gentle with all our gadgets. And I think a known defect like this should be treated more like a recall, not just a standard warranty issue.I'm leaving 2 stars instead of 1 only because my phone still works, at least for the present. Goodbye, T-Mobile.

I recently bought the v300 phone with the rebate which made it free, and heres what i thought:Pros- nice looking, cool style- speaker phone is extremely useful- tmobile customer service is excellent and i called them about every day the first week i got the phone :-D (if i hadnt called them, i wouldnt have known that every time you sign onto AIM in the menu, it costs 1 text, and every time you sign off=1 text, check buddylist=1 text, etc. i went through about 200 texts the first 2 days...- great ringtones and graphics, ive spent way too much money on ringtones though.. good quality- tzones is great if youre bored or alone, there are many free games and things to do if you have Tzones, which is worth it. and free aim which is cool.. but way too much of a pain [...]because there is way too much lag for every little move you make.Cons- after about less than a week i downloaded a few ringtones and the phone got very slow, everything you do takes a few seconds, whether its opening the ringtone library or opening the camera or reading a text and texting, it just takes so long- i dropped the phone once, about a week after i got it, and a number on the keypad stopped working unless you pressed it really hard.- its usually hard to get service, ill have 1 or 2 bars most of the time- i wish there was a flash on the camera.. it is too dark alot of the time but overall its fine.- again.. yeah wow texting is frustrating when your phone is so slow and delayed, then when by accident you press end and it clears your text.. it sucksThis was my first phone but ive seen alot of others, and it is a pretty decent phone, but the major problem is how easily it breaks and how slow it gets, which is especially annoying with text messaging- it has like a delayed reaction(you dont even have had to download alot, it just gets slow) but its a fun phone and is great for the price .=)

First off, I want to say that I haven't had any problems with reception that a lot of people has. It's all about tower strength. Find someone with T Mobile service (not an employee) and ask around. It's not that hard. Better yet, find someone in your area with the phone you're looking at and ask. Because if I went on the word of many of these reviewers, I'd be out one hell of a phone.My biggest gripe is that T Mobile charges you for any of those keen extra features you see. Which is a shame, since this phone's quality should be considered the standard.Pro's-Great price-Good reception (but I'm not you or in your area)-Fast load up times-Decent camera-Easy to use... I most functions and setup within twenty minutes (without the instruction book, too)-Sturdy. Cell phones able to take a six foot fall are not the rule, they are an exception. I don't want to find out, and wouldn't be surprised either way.-Volume: never had a problem hearing anyone, and the ring volume is nice and not overly loud (to those who want louder: you're the reason I avoided getting a cell phone for years)Cons-T Mobile charges you for almost everything extra. Understandable when this phone was over $250 dollars and was a premium product. Now its price is dropping to about that of a standard cell,and to use it fully you still will pay premium.-Button size may annoy you.-Short battery life. Just charge it regularly. It's not hard and you can miss three or four days.My advice is to try this phone out, either by visiting a store or via a friend to see if you can live with its button size and local signal strength. That's more important research than any number of reviews.

The first one busted in 2 weeks, I received a replacement, then the second one (same model) busted 6 months later.The problem was the same, I couldn't hear the person that was talking on the other end.

Overall this is a good phone for your VERY BASIC cell phone user. Camera, Flip, Large Display, Great Menu, and Awesome Ring-Tone capabilities are top on the list. But, for those who truly want a full-featured, quality cell phone and plan to ACTUALLY USE features like the integrated Speakerphone, Vibrating Ring, or Data Cable options then be warned this phone is sub-par.- My first and biggest complaint by far is with the Speakerphone. Once it's activated it's loud as hell and works flawlessly but you actually have to wait for your call to connect and then wait an additional 4-5 seconds into the conversation for the speakerphone option to become available to you. That's right you CANNOT simply turn on the Speakerphone before you dial the number or immediately upon answering a call. This makes the phone totally impractical for situations in which you really need the speakerphone capability. Who wants to wait 5 seconds into a conversation to be able to activate something as simple as the speakerphone? Also with this phone the speakerphone is almost a necessity in many situations because the standard ear speaker is really rather quiet even when on full volume.- Second, the Vibrating Ring is almost totally imperceptible when worn on a belt and completely unnoticeable when worn in a shirt, slacks, or coat pocket. The only way to use the vibra-ring effectively is if you are wearing the phone in the pocket of tight fitting clothing like jeans pockets for example. This of course makes the vibrating ring an almost useless option. I have had 4 other cell phones with built-in vibrating rings and this is by far the worst. In fact all the other 4 actually rung like earthquakes in comparison.- Third, the Data Cable connectivity and software is very poor. The software fails to recognize the presence of the cell phone at least 2 out of every 3 connect attempts to the computer.  Once recognized you MUST continually refresh the phone to keep it from going into hibernation in order for it to maintain a connection with your computer.- Fourth, the A/C power cable is very frail. Mine broke within 4 months of buying the phone. The compact design of the phone necessitates a very compact power connector and the 3 leads on the end of the connector are simply too small and fragile to withstand being plugged and unplugged into the phone every night over a period of time.Conclusion; power users should stay away from this phone. I understand how hard and time consuming it can be to find a phone that incorporates features like speakerphone, camera, vibrating ring, and data cable connectivity all in one phone, but if you find this one you'd be best to just keep looking. It has all the features but they are almost totally useless in practical situations.

I owned this phone for 18 months and I just LOVED it!  It held it's charge, the features were great. I never had a problem with it.  Now the service with T-Mobile wasn't as good as my previous service, but we called and they flagged my phone for drops and it got considerably better as they put up more towers.  Thanks T-Mobile!  I Loved my phone right up until the day it was stolen.  Guess I'm not the only one who LOVED my phone!!I truly don't understand what the negative reviews are about.

I bought this phone because it was free, it had a camera, and the contract was only one year.I haven't had too many major problems but I found that where I live is more rural and so if Im going through towns outside of the city I don't get any service. My friend in chicago said that she gets great service, so Im thinking if people in major cities want a good service they should go with t-mobile but rural wouldn't be good for tmobile. I had bad connection at home and wouldn't get any where I worked where cingular users would.The pictures are pretty good if they are up close but something farther away like 10 feet even with zoom is blurry and looks a lot father away and it costs a quarter to send pictures so it adds up.I have had trouble with hearing people. My friend who has tmobile as well has the same problem, she had to get a different phone. Mine only does it every so often but it get be frustrating.I have had problems with the connection breaking up in poor areas, such as being in my room at home and I would get no connection while I was in the kitchen or living room.

It is a really cool phone to look at.  I would say it takes better quality pictures than my roomie's LG.  I like how heavy it is it makes it feel like a very sturdy phone.  I have had a lot of problems with it though.  Like the volume on 50% of the calls is terrible.  It is like 1980 style with "can you hear me?  i can't hear you...."  After about a month when i would flip the phone closed to end a call the whole thing would turn itself off.  I have found the external buttons the most obnoxious addition to any phone I have ever used.  When the phone is in your purse it will just beep and beep and keep changing the ring style from lound to vibe etc.  There is no way to disable that button.  You have no idea how obnoxious it is.  I would really really rather have to follow some idiotoc 5 step process to change the ring volume than deal with this "feature"  I HATE THAT!!!!  THe other issue I have had is with charging.  At first it held a charge okay, but now it will charge for about 2 seconds then stop like the battery is full when it obviously isn't.  The connector on the charger is so stupid.  There isn't a very good design here.  And since the battery needs to be charged to work I would say this is a major design flaw.

Hi, I just got the v300 phone, and the battery life seems RIDICULOUSLY AWFUL!!  I charged the phone all night, and at 11am this morning, my battery was low!  How is that possible?  I used it for maybe 15 min or less in the morning!?!  I am thinking about returning this phone and getting the Ericson phone instead-please offer insight to this situation!!  Also, last night, every time I tried to make a call on the first try it said network busy- call failed- something of that sort- I had to call every person aobut 3 times before I got through!  I am looking for some answers!  Would GREATLY be appreciated!

I purchased my V300 in March and am now awaiting my 2nd replacement of the original.  The second phone does not receive any signal at all.  Both phones dropped calls, had a lot of static and echoed.  I am hoping that the third time will be a charm, but am not holding my breath.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I bought this piece of dung for $300.00.  I've had nothing but trouble with it ever since.  It's almost impossible to charge, I have to connect the charger over and over again before it will actually start charging if ever.  After a year and a few days it became impossible to hear the caller.  I know 3 other people that had the same phone and had the same problem. (And after reading these reviews I now know many, many more!)  I called Motorola and fought with them for three days before they agreed to fix it.  They ended up replacing the top portion (with the ear speaker in it).  It took me two weeks to get it back.  They then tried to bill me for a replacement phone through my carrier; T-Mobile and I had to fight for three days to get that charge reversed.  After a few months I had the same problem not being able to hear.  When I called they informed me that it was out of warranty and I would be charged to repair it.  Charge for what?  To have it break in another 3 months again?  I have had cell phones for many years and have always taken whatever free Nokia that was being offered at the time and never had a problem with them.  They still work fine to this date years later!  For once I thought I would treat myself and BUY a "cutting edge" phone and got suckered out of $300.00 for a Motorola piece of garbage and it has been problems from day one.  Motorola makes garbage, charges top dollar for it, and won't stand behind it when you have a problem with it.  Their customer service sucks; all they know how to say is "there will be a charge for repair".  If you can understand them when they say it.  NEVER!!!!  NEVER MOTOROLA AGAIN!!!

I have been using this phone for over a year. I handled it very bad,1. Dropped it at least a dozen times on surfaces ranging from Parking lot cement surface to Tennis hard courts. Didn't harm much to the phone except for the scratches on the surface.2. It's a flip phone and I have opened the phone in the "Cowboy style" (opening/closing it with jerk of wrist) all the time. As a result of those actions for about a year, sometimes the calls would disconnect as soon as I flip the phone open.What I loved about the phoneThe looks (one of the best looking flip phones in the market), the camera (it doesn't have a great resolution but you can zoom in or brighten the view) the grip (blue surface of the phone helps you get a good grip), the buttons (they are very well placed and are easy to press), display is very good (pretty big and good color resolution), connect to internet and download tunes and wallpapers, and you can even compose ring tones.What I didn't like about the phoneNo IR port how do I download the pics I take on my phone???? I am not sure if a data cable is available to this phone even if it's available it doesn't come default with the phone.The quality of ring tones is not that great.Sometimes there is a lag time in accessing the menu.

Changed to T-Mobile two weeks ago and got these phones for self, wife, and daughter. Wife and daughter, severe critics, gave thumbs-up to phones and provider. T-Mobile beats the heck out of AT&T coveragewise for us where we live/work/play (Los Gatos, Cupertino, San Jose, CA). Note that I got the phones for FREE (after rebate) by waving the first page of the Amazon listing for the V300 under the T-Mobile saleman's nose. Saved $750!

You can read the pros for this phone in many other reviews or in the specs (lots of good features, nice camera, good speakerphone, etc).  I'll just mention some cons and some things that annoy me personally:-First, as many reviewers have mentioned, the phone does tend to DROP CALLS after 10 mins or so - all the time.  It did so at the beginning, but after I turned it off and restarted it several times, it stopped and works fine now - very few/almost no drops now.  So try that if it happens to you.-The phone may be a bit bulky for some - plus the antenna adds to the bulk.-I dislike the "Vibrate THEN ring"; why can't it ring and vibe at the same time? (personal irk).  In the same line, the "smart button" can be annoying.  If I have the phone in my pocket and happen to press the volume control, it remains in that screen until it is repressed - the prob:  if you press the smart button first, it will switch the ring style -i.e. it can go from vibrate to loud without your even knowing.  it'd be nice if after a while, the ring style change just disappeared on its own.-I hate the fact that T-mobile phones only have 8 true speed dials (2-9; 1 is always reserved for voicemail).-phonebook: can't store more than one # under same name - it'll add another entry, and if you are searching in phone book, may be confusing.Overall, good phone, with some minor irks.  the biggest concern should be the dropped calls.  T-Mobile service in nyc seems decent - no major probs that I've noticed.

I fell in love with this phone because of it's striking blue color and great features.  I was so excited about having speakerphone, but whenever i didn't use the speakerphone I couldn't hear the person on the other end and it became very aggravating.  It takes forever to answer the phone, almost 5 seconds. (By the time you answer the phone, the person on the other end is gone.)  Camera is not that great!!

This is a stylish, terrific phone.  And for the most part, it's almost perfect with its easy to use camera, brilliant color screen, and attractive blue soft-touch shell.You should know, however, that T-Mobile is aware of a bug in this phone, where sometimes the programming gets screwed up and doesn't allow you to edit your stored phone numbers.  I have ordered two replacement phones, and called up the phone company about it.  They say that it's surprising that this would happen to me twice, but this is a known issue with the phone.  There is no solution to fix it, except to get it replaced under warranty with another phone.So my advice is, if you want this phone, make sure that you buy a data cable to go with it.  You'll want this to back up your contacts quickly and easily to your computer, just in case anything goes wrong.  Another reason to have a data cable is that you no longer need to buy ring tones.  Just upload your own MP3 or MIDI files to the phone with the included software (you might need to edit them down to little 10-30 second snippets) and voila!  Free ringtones.  Another good reason to have a data cable is to transfer photos from the phone without having to email them.

Just got my V300 yesterday, and will be returning it on Monday. It is a nice phone indeed, very good reception, nice look&amp;feel, quality screen, etc. My problem is that it does not offer some of the features I was used to on my T68i (more flexible address book, ability to use a phone card, etc.). So I am going to get a T610 instead.

My daughter is on her 5th V300 phone thru Tmobile in one year.  Don't waste your time with this product!

This is by far the best Motorola phone I have ever had.  It also tops the best cell phone I've had and over the past 13 years I have had seven phones.Setting up voice dialing was a little confusing, but once I did, it works like a charm (you have to make sure you assign the number to the local phone memory, not the SIM card).  The screen is bright and crisp, and yes the camera doesn't take great pictures, it takes adequate pictures - if I want a good picture, I use my digital camera.Sound is magnificent.  That was my biggest complaint with my last motorola, I had to have people shout to be able to hear them.The games are a little lame, especially since my favorite game "Bejeweled" is a DEMO - what's up with that?!!?All of my past equipment (my chargers both home and car) work with this new phone.  It came with a home charger and a headphone and a new carry pouch which I'm not sure I like yet, but it does hold the phone in place and out of the way.  This kept me from having to buy new equipment - which I was figuring out to cost me another $80 which I would have had to spend if I bought a different model.My other choice was the Ericson T-600 - but from everything I read and saw as far as reviews went, the V300 was the phone to pick.  So far I haven't regretted my purchase.  It's been a little over a month and the phone works great.I get about 3 days of stand by - even if I use the phone for an hour.  If I don't use the phone, I've gone a week without having to recharge it.The deal Amazon has here with all of the rebates are great.  I bought mine through Circuit City because Amazon wasn't carrying this phone yet.  I got the phone for $30 when all was said and done and only had to sign a 1yr agreement.  But with Amazon getting you $250 bucks back, it only costs -$50 (that's right - you MAKE $50 on the deal) - how can you resist?

I have had this phone for 3 years, used it in all over the world, dropped it in water ( not on purpose) dried it out, and it still works fine.The tri-band function is a must for travellers. But be warned you will have to buy a new sim-card for the area you are in. ( America and Europe, etc.)Overall it is a great phone. I should say that I don't use any of the internet mail features so if you need that stuff, maybe you should look around a bit.

Thus far, I've had no major problems with using this phone like other people have had.  However, even though I send and receive all my messages (voicemail, text, e-mail, etc.) okay, I did occasionally have a problem with sending text messages and the receiving party not getting them; that's the only problem I've had with this phone so far.  The camera feature is fair, in my opinion, because of the overall visual quality of the pictures taken with the phone (the pictures have a somewhat "grainy" appearance to them).  In short, the V300 is a good phone to buy if it's your first phone and you don't want to pay a lot of money for a simple camera phone with text and internet capabilities.  However, I must say that the keys on this phone are small (which is great for me since my hands are small), so I personally don't recommend buying this phone if you have large hands.

The first phone i ever bought was a pay-as-you-go virgin/mtv phone. I thought it was cool until I got annoyed with having to go buy more minuites or call to charge my credit card. I decided to buy a phone that came with a monthly plan. Let me tell you it took forever to chose. Alot of phones come with pretty much the same basic features. For me I had to go with looks. Alot of phones were nice looking but alot looked like they should be handheld computers!! I didn't need something that looked like a palm pilot. I also wanted something that would still look nice after a few years of use by a college student. This one was the nicest I could find. I did all the resurch for it by going to the Motorola website and the T-mobile website. So i bought it. The blue covering on the phone is a weird soft metal, almost like silk. The colors were so cool!! the phone was aready activate and ready for me to use when i first turned it on. It was so simple to add on the extra features like the 300 text messaging and pictures messaging. Once I did that I could download wallpapers for 99*, music ring tones for 99* and the hifi-ringtones that have clip of the real song for 1.99*. The only not so cool thing is the games part. you get 2 demo games and one game called stuntman that i think stinks. then you can download games yourself averaging about 3.99-5.99 the thing is you don't get to preview the games so you have to chose wisely before you buy. Same with the ringtones and hifi-ringers. I do agree one button on the upper right side sometimes needs to be pressed twice but i think that is just because of the way you press it.  The camera part is the coolest part. I went to San Fran and was able to take some great pictures of the water and the bridge. And I was pretty far away!! It's a great camera and if you feel like you wouldn't use a camera on your phone think again. I might not use it all the time but when you need a camera it's great to have one ready all the time.!! I suggest this phone for anyone you won't be disappointed!!

I don't known if it is the T-mobile service or the phone. Half the time I can hear my echo better than the person I am talking to. I never had so many fuzzy calls from any other phone or carrier. I have 9 months to go and I am counting the days.

I rarely say anything is bad but trust me on this one I live in Atlanta and T-mobile service is very-very Bad here. It is not me but atleast seven of my close friends experience. You will not get signal if you get signal you will get Network busy. I have no complain about v300 phone. It is excellent but good phone can't help you if service provider (T-mobile) is so bad. My friends have different phone but all of us face same problemNo signal or Network busy. T-mobile is very bad

First a quick confession: I do not like T-Mobile.  I had them before and hated their (lack of) coverage and bad service.That said, the v300 is a very good phone.  I won't rehash the long feature list here.  What I really like (after playing with a friend's) is the loud ringtones, the good reception (despite the lack of GSM coverage in Brooklyn), and the great styling.  This phone is not made by Motorola per se but by their Asian partner, maybe that explains the &quot;girlish&quot; styling, but it's still pretty cool.  Of course, the light weight and good battery life make it a stand-out.My favorite phone is still the Sanyo VM-4500 video camera walkie-talkie speakerphone cell phone for Sprint PCS...

After receiving my eighth replacement phone from T-Mobile for a total of NINE Motorola V300s, T-Mobile is so graciously going to allow me to purchase a V600 at a discounted price ($270, so $30 off).  I've encountered every problem you'll hear about on sites such as PhoneScoop.com (posted a review there when I got my FOURTH V300), or MobileTracker (no review).  From the resets during a call, to losing numbers from the built-in phonebook, to the white bar across the outside LCD when voice dialing, to "unable to charge", to having the phone SLOW DOWN, to freezing, to having it wipe numbers at random off the SIM card (which ain't supposed to be possible), to dropped calls with a full signal meter (I was looking at the tower while driving down I-75 near Crooks Road!!!), to the phone losing my ringtones within the browser.  Basically, I'm sick of the V300, and I rue the day that I ever bought one.

Okay, since I got my first cell phone (5 years ago) this phone is the one that gave me the most problems. Some of the things that I really like about this phone is the 2nd spaker (speaker phone) which it was good for the Hi-Fi Ringers. Very rich-color screen and the fact that you can send a message to multiple numbers at once. The first V300 I got kept on giving me a blank screen and reseting while I was on T-Zones or if I was typing a text message or if I received 3 or more text messages at a time. Also when you open the phone to answer if you have it set to answer with the SEND key sometimes it would take up to 5 seconds for the key to respond (Embarassing when your at the store and your Snoop Dogg "Drop It Like It's Hot" ringer keeps on playing and you have the phone open and everyone is looking at you all weird). Well, I had the phone exchaged and that one when you would open the phone the screen would take at least 3 secods to fully display and the left soft key would get stuck. The third exchange would reset every time I change one Phone entry to SIM card. I had 50 contacts so I had to go through that 50 times. I really like this phone but now since I had 2 exchange it 3 times in less then 90 days now they are going to send me a brand new Samsung E315, we'll see how that goes.

CAN NOT GIVE A 5 STAR BECAUSE THERE IS ALWAYS ROOM FOR INPROVEMENT. MY DAUGHTER GOT THIS MOTOROLA FOR [$] BUT IT'S LCD WAS DEFECTIVE SO SHE GOT THE SAMSUNG E715 AS A REPLACEMENT. NOW THREE WEEKS LATER THE PRICE ON THIS MOTOROLA DROPS TO MINUS [$]WITH REBATES SO I DECIDED TO TRY IT AGAIN AS MY PHONE. SO FAR, SO GOOD. MOTOROLA VS SAMSUNG- THE V300'S BATTERY LAST LONGER,HAS A SPEAKERPHONE, VOICE RECOGNITION, A GREAT EXTERIOR FEEL, NICER ACCESSORIES, CHEAPER THAN FREE AND ITS AN AMERICAN COMPANY. THE E715 IS SMALLER, NO ANTENNA STICKING UP, BETTER LCD ACTION, LARGE OUTSIDE LCD WITH COOL CLOCK, LARGER PHONE # READOUT (WEAR OR NEED GLASSES?)AND MULTI-COLORED LIGHTS THAT BLINK WHEN YOU GET A PHONE CALL. (MY DAUGHTER LIKES THIS BUT I FEEL ITS A BIT TACKY). TRUTHFULLY, THE PRICE WAS THE DECISION MAKER BECAUSE BOTH PHONES ARE PRETTY COOL. THE YOUNGER YOU ARE, OR FEEL, THE MORE LIKELY YOU WOULD GO WITH THE SAMSUNG AND NOT THE MONEY SAVINGS!

Nice stylish little phone, the software however is quite fussy. The phone will turn off on its own with no warning. I had to have mine replaced twice. Of course the replacement phones are not brand new, and the last one I got (which seems to be doing okay) was scratched. The camera works pretty well and I use the mobil phone tools software quite a bit. Overall it is doing fine.

Terrible phone.  Was just freeze up and go blank or flashing screen wouldn't let me do anything.  Had to set it up perfectly to get it to charge and then it took forever cause I would have to keep adjusting the charge plug.  Second week I had it, I wasn't able to send or recieve and calls or txt msgs and had to get it fixed.  All around garbage.

I've just ordered one today.So either Amazon customer service rep gave someone awrong info, or s/he just tried to eliminate somecompetitors eh :)...Too bad, I was one among them.Just have to cancel the order of 6610 and replace anotherorder for having this phone.Rating 5* for this, coz I 've tried the phone at Circuit City.

this model worked for 8 days then went dark, also do not under any circumstances no matter what kind of deal it looks like, order a phone and plan from cellularchoices.com or inphonic. this company sold me this piece of sh*t motorola then a samsung that worked for 11 days, the rebates are bogus they'll never even send you the rebate form.  It took dozens of phone calls and weeks to get my money refunded, the rebates are a scam to make it look like you're getting the phone for free.

Reviewer: A wireless customer from Woodbridge, NJ USADon't be fooled by the negative reviews. Just concentrate on the positives. I don't understand how someone could experience a stand by of 45 minutes on a battery that they claim is fully charged. ... the phone he received [could have been] defective or the battery could be bad. ...As for me, I am going to share my experience of this phone which I purchased brand new out of the box from a T-Mobile dealer.This is the best phone available currently (as of Spring'2004) for T-Mobile service. It beats Samsung e715 in every category. The only reasons I can possibly think of why Samsung e715 is more expensive are, because it's slightly smaller, weighs less, flash for taking pictures and imported (weak dollar making all imports expensive). If you don't care about these 4 things, then you will love the v300 for many additional features and great quality.It's has a great sound quality. Great speaker phone, very customizable menus. I have experienced Nokia's, Samsungs and now Motorola. I would give Samsung = 6/10, Nokia = 8/5 and Motorola = 9/10 in terms of menu design and maneuverability. With this Moto v300, you can even re-order your menus, set up shortcuts, it's awesome. The response time of the menu's is better than nokia 6610 and Samsung e715.It offers a great grip since it offers a unique superier rubberized outer body. Great screen, very crisp colors. Camera is decent for a phone. No flash though. Get a digital camera if you need to preserve memories and special moments. This built-in camera is not going to give you pictures that you can print or consider seriously. But it's a fun feature to carry around. Any one griping that the camera does not take super quality pictures should have his IQ tested. This is a cell phone with an extra feature for fun, not a professional camera.Most striking feature of this phone is the ability to play high quality ring tones that sound like real music (mp3 quality). It would be wrong to say that it's better than e715 in this respect. It's not better, it way better, its simply beyond comparison.Also, the phone comes with exceptionally huge selection of ring tones many suitable for business environment and others for non-business environments. Of course you can always download your favorite tunes or create your own or even convert your mp3 (although converting is for the pros)Also, on a side note, T-Mobile offers unlimited internet ... which you can subscribe to if you have this phone and make full use of it. This phone will serve that purpose too, but don't expect the experience to be anywhere close to web as experienced through a computer or even a PDA. Some of the sites can be accessed for Free (no t-zones subscription required) to download and purchase ring tones, wallpapers, etc.Go for it, COOL phone.  You will never regret the purchase. ...

I am now on my 4th Motorola V300, and this is only because I spent $300's on it and T-Mobile will not substitute another phone for replacement.  This is my main reason why I will be leaving T-mobile.  This phone has far inferior service to all other major manufacturers (LG, Nokia, Samsung) with the same service (same sim card).  The tech support people have told me before they know it has inferior service.  It also has short circuited killing it and the battery.  And lastly the ear piece does not work so that the phone is unusable except on speakerphone or handsfree headset.This is not happening on overused or abused phones.  My phone is unscratched, never been dropped, and is still in like-new condition.I am also not the only one I know who has had this trouble with the phone.  Business associate's of mine, son, is also on his fifth Motorola V300 and he has Cingular.To anyone looking at phones, look away from Motorola and this phone.Thinking about the next model?  The V600 has been discontinued because it is so buggy.  However T-Mobile still has lots of them to try and replace your broken ones with.  This is the situation with my mothers.I recommend staying away from Motorola.When I switch to Verizon I will be getting a Samsung or LG.

This phone is an outstanding buy!I particularly like the vibe then ring option. It really gets your attention. The phone is small and fairly light. The picture quality is very good. It has a multitude of options and might even be able to replace your PDA.All in all well worth the investment.

Features are decent but it is littly bulky in today's standards.

OK moto 300 not a bad phone, most problems with the phone is mostly with user error and abuse...v330 is better v360 is coming!

I just purchased this phone here in CO and am very happy with it. The most important thing is that it actually does it's job...as a PHONE. Sure it has cool stuff, but the reception is great, no dropped calls, and everyone hears everyone nice and clearly. My only quip is that the phone was packaged with the wrong battery, preventing me from putting the cover on. How many times does that happen??

I am also a victim of the "no sound" syndrome of the V300.  Conversations over the speakerphone is just not right!  I just received my third phone, and I'm ready to send it back.T-Mobile did all they could to solve the problem, except for their no exchange policy (they don't offer trade ins.)  Based on my conversation with the sales rep and the Amazon reviews on this site, I'm very surprised this phone is still on the market- and it still seems like "bad batches" of phones are being sent out!Save yourself some time and embarrasment.  Don't bother with this one.

I've used this phone for international calls in France and Brazil it worked perfectly fine!!! The cost of the calls was pretty reasonable too, the best among all the cell phone carriers.

The Motorola V300 is the worst cellular phone I've had, and I've had quite a few.  The phone will drop a call and then start ringing without there being an incoming call.  It doesn't charge worth a dang and this is my third phone since purchasing it in April of 2004.  I've only had this last one for a week and it's doing exactly the same thing!  The other day it took me 30 minutes just to get the phone to turn back on. The dropped calls are ridiculous.  I finally lost it with T-Mobile and insisted that they give me another model.  Hopefully I'll have more success with this one.  Motorola dropped the ball on this phone and this experience has given me a very negative opinion of Motorola.  I will never buy another phone made by Motorola.

I've been using this phone for a few months now and have had a chance to use most of the features.  Most of them are pretty standard to cell phones these days, but a few things are worth commenting on:-Great speakerphone.  Very loud and clear sounding, both ways.-Decent battery life.  Almost lasts a week with minimal usage; 2 days with heavier use.-Battery meter is very inaccurate below 1/2 charge.  Seems chronic with Motorola phones.-Nice, clear display.  A bit hard to see in the brightest sunlight, but other than that, no problems.-Camera is of average quality at best.  Takes okay pictures for a new wallpaper, but that's about it.-Serious annoyance: One of the side buttons that remain exposed when the phone is closed controls the type of ring/vibrate.  It's very loud if you don't already have the phone on silent/vibrate only.  Basically, to quickly change to phone from a loud ring to silent--say in a theater--you have to make a loud noise.  Very short sighted.  And since the button is exposed even with the phone closed, you end up hitting it by accident quite a bit.Overall, I'm pretty happy with the phone.  I could've chosen a smaller phone with a better camera, but not with a speakerphone, or with speakerphone, but not at this price.  (...)  Can't beat it on value.

This is an amazing phone with everything in it - dual screen, clear reception, loud speaker phone, buautiful color screen, easy-to-hold and durable soft shell, photo phonebook, and tons of thoughtful functionalities. For example, you can switch between loud ring to vibrate or silent mode by pressing couple outside buttons without opening the shell. It takes only one button to turn it into a (very clear) speaker phone, with the highest speech quality. The text key-in method is really intelligent and effortless. Even more, if you have the Motorola mobile phone data kit and the USB data cable, you can easily sync your phonebook between your phone and PC. Not only phonebook, you can load your favorite pictures (in JPG or GIF format) and music (in MP3 format) into your phone and use them as wallpaper or ringtone. You can compose your own ringtone as well. You can also use your phone as a modem for your laptop. The best thing is that every accessory that works for T720 works for this phone too, so you don't need to spend more money if you already have them. You will need to upgrade your data kit software for V300 though (it's free). This phone is definitely an art of modern technology and I recommend it to everyone.

Well, I've got to say this phone looks absolutely perfect for anyone who wants a slick and fashionable phone but unfortunately to my surprise AMAZON couldn't get it together before the holidays and re-stock this phone because hate to break it to you guys but you would have made a lot more money if it was still in stock through the holidays but thats your lose. Anyways please restock this phone because im loosing patience and may even soon give up on amazon after all because you guys are keeping it together!!!

I have had this phone for 2 years or so...  Very soon after I bought it, it started dropping calls.  I could be in an area with good reception and yet during the middle of a conversation I would notice that the other person had stopped talking.  "Hello?  Hello?"  They could still hear me, but I could not hear them.  This problem has persisted and despite three calls to T-Mobile threatening to switch to another carrier I haven't been offered any incentive to stay.  I am currently scoping out the deals to switch to another carrier.

This phone gets amazing reception.  Those who have stated that their Verizon service is better - duh!  Verizon has the best coverage in the business.  Too bad the behemoth that is Verizon can't pull their heads out long enough to send you one accurate bill.  Their customer service reeks as well.Back to the phone.  For those having trouble with reception, there is a secret - TURN OFF THE &quot;BATTERY SAVE&quot; FEATURE.  This feature is an idiotic idea on all Moto phones that when on, ruins your phone's reception.  Don't use it and you WILL be pleasantly surprised.I have had an r225, Q-105, and s-105 (all Samsungs - all on T-Mobile) and this phone blows them away in terms of reception.  The camera is awesome and takes very clear pictures.  I have also downloaded the new MP3s from t-mobile.  It's pretty cool to have &quot;Back in Black&quot; blast out of your phone when someone calls.  Speaker phone is also a treat.Cell service is imperfect and people that whine about it bore me.  Having said that, if you are going to use T-Mobile, buy the v300

I just wanted to echo the other comments that match up with my experience.  In addition to mine and my brother's, I have about 5 friends with this phone, and 3 of them have already had to get a new Nokia.  This phone has issues connecting to the charger, issues with the earpiece degrading, and issues with horribly slow button-response times, not to mention randomly dropped calls.  I called T-Mo and they said these were all known problems!  But my phone is 1 yr 3 months old, so they won't replace it!  Don't bother with this phone.

I bought this phone about 8 months ago thinking that anything made by a reputable company like Motorola would be of the upmost quality. Wow, I was soooo wrong!  Before owning a Moto, the only phones I had ever owned were from Nokia.  They were great phones that lasted a long time and.....just plain worked.  The V300 speaker volume was awful.  I never knew when I was going to be able to hear the person I was talking to.  Some days the volume was high enough, other days I couldn't hear the other person at all.  I tried everything to figure out what the problem was, including looking through the manual and calling tech. support (from my home phone!), but nothing worked.  So, they sent me another one....same problem all over again.  PLUS, half the time the phone wouldn't ring when people called me, and the vibrate function simply didn't work well.  With Nokia, when you put your phone on silent, the vibrate function is strong enough to get your attention.  With the v300, I never noticed the vibrate function unless the phone was actually in my hands.All in all, worst phone I've ever had...and I ended up going back to Nokia with a 6610.  I'm now reminded why I should have never switched to Motorola to begin with.

This motorola phone with its amazingly bright display screen is a very good phone.  I think some people are confusing phone quality with service quality.  T-mobile in my area is rather strong and I have had minimal dropped calls both outside and in buildings.The look is outstanding, weight is negligible and the aforementioned display screen is amazing.I use the earpiece quite often and I have experienced some "wind tunnel" effect only when walking with the phone outdoors.You can not take pictures when using the earpiece as the jack blocks the camera.The camera is adequate and even has zoom capability.Sound is very crisp and clear both for music, ring tones, and speaker.  Speaker is not great as you can only turn it on only after being connected with a call.Battery life is not as long as advertised and I do not play any games and do minimal text and photos on my phone.The menu takes some getting used to, but is functional.Is it worth full price. NO!But there are very good rebates out there where you can pick up this phone for minimal cost.  If you can do that then I would recommend this phone.[check if T-mobile service is strong in your area.  If it isn't then don't waste your money on the phone. I signed up for a basic phone from T-mobile, tried it out for 8 days, liked the service and then upgraded my phone to the V300.  Most Wireless services have a trial period where you can test drive a phone and see if the service meets your need.  If you find that the service is substandard you can then cancel your service and they have to refund your money back with out the horrible early termination fees]

I can't believe the battery can just stand for 1 day long because the advertisement describes it can stand for more than 3 days. Maybe the reception (Tmobile) at my area is not good at all. Otherwise is great based on my one week experience. The assembly quality is excellent too.

The phone is great. Excellent battery life. The only item I can complain about it is the reception and signal inside some building is horrible. Thousands of dropped calls. I also have a Nokia with T mobile and the reception is perfect in the same spots. :(

I ordered the phone on Dec 29, 2004 by looking on amazon.com that they promised free delivery in 2 days for cell phones. I really had some urgent need. But phone arrived on Jan 5, 2005. It was totally useless as my need was beofe that.So just be creful about amazon.com as they do not deliver it on time.Phone is excellent, T-mobil service in my area, NH, is good too.Amazon.com do not deliver item on time.... though they say so..

My V300 went through the washer and dryer before being discovered in the pocket of my pants.  I was sure it was dead.  After letting it dry out for a couple days the phone works flawlessly!However, after the wash the battery does not hold a charge long, so I need to replace it.It fits well in my pocket, (enough to forget it is there and throw in the wash).  I like the flip open hinge, it seems sturdy, the buttons are comfortable and still responsive, after using it about a year.The "PC connection kit" is an extra cost (~$40 when I purchased it), and using this software to transfer pictures off the phone is SLOW and painfully confusing process.  Transferring MP3 files for ringtones is difficult at best, and the file format required takes up a huge amount of the phones precious 6 megs of memory.  I am a computer engineer and fix computers for a living so, if it is difficult for me, I can't imagine other people doing it on a regular basis.The motorola cable connections to the phone (for charging and transferring information) are awkward and, feel like something is going to break just before the tab clicks in.The menu navigation on this phone is B-A-D.  Getting something done is like pulling a stuffed animal from one of those claw machines - it takes a few tries.  I miss the simplicity of my old Nokia phonebook, notes, calendar, and reminder.  The beautiful color screen is no help, I still miss my black and white Nokia for organization.It was a few weeks before I figured out how to change menu defaults, and as shipped the phone defaults make it hard to avoid going to the internet - which is a big extra charge for my plan.Changing ring styles is so difficult I never do it.  I spent a good half hour customizing three ring profiles that I'm still not completely sure are setup right.It is nice to know I have a camera if anything spectacular ever happens.  It takes so long to whip out and take a picture after pressing the "Capture" button, most "Kodak moments" are long passed.  I was in a car accident, and took pictures for insurance purposes, and its so frustrating moving pictures off of it, I never went to the effort.  It was minor the insurance company didn't need them.The phone still receives four stars for its durability, surviving the wash, and decent signal quality.  It is JUST a phone after all, and it is simple to dial and answer.  When you get down to it, the rest is fluff really.  Combined with the plan I got, it really did not cost me much at all.If my life revolved around using the advanced features of this phone, I would be extremely frustrated.

I really like this phone I think that it is a great phone for teen's to have if it's your first phone right now I dont have a phone but I have really looked in to this phone I think this is really a great phone to have!!!

i bought this phone after reading reviews of thousands of phones just a week ago. and so far i am satisfied with the phone. its actually exceeded my expectations. motorola brand does it all. u name the feature and this phone has it. except i think bluetooth and above all u can use this phone across the world. thats good thing about this phone. i would recommend this phone to anyone who is in the market to buy a new phone. and so far i am satisfied with the tmobile service. no drop calls,same reception as my last sprint. no complaints with either phone or service.... so go for it i would say.

While I'm not sure what plan you have, or the company with which you have the plan, I can tell you that this is a fantastic phone!Really simple to charge the battery, and it lasts long!! The picture quality is quite good for a camera phone, and there's so much memory on the phone!Words cannot describe how much I love this phone!

This is probably one of the best phones out there. Great looks, awesome color screen, and lots of features. And it is a world phone.The disadvantages didnt stop me from buying this phone, but here they are- Compared to Nokias the dial pad is somewhat hard to reach- You cannot turn on the speaker till about 4-5 seconds into the conversation. One wishes they had thought that through. Quite annoying.- The phone is somewhat slow to respond to some menu options. Almost like it is tired.In spite of these minor problems I am really glad I got the V300. Many of my co-workers and friends seem to be moving up to this phone. I definitely recommend it.

I bought this phone about 2 years ago.  At the time, I thought a camera phone would be a big plus but I hardly ever use it.  It's nice to be able to get pictures from friends, though.The side buttons are annoying, because they're always getting pushed when the phone is in my purse.  Others have mentioned that problem, so I won't dwell on it.I don't have the problem with charging or volume that others have mentioned.But my problem with the phone started about 2 weeks ago - of course now we're well out of warranty but it's been just long enough that I haven't gotten my money's worth out of this phone.  When people call me, even though my phone is set to answer when it's flipped open, I flip the phone open and it continues to ring.  I have to *push* the phone open a little more to make the phone recognize that I've opened it.  It's like there's a short inside the hinge or something.  Until I push on it, the screen will stay dark and the call ends up going to voicemail.Same thing has happened when I want to make a call.  I flip the phone open and the screen stays dark.  I can't dial until that screen comes up.A royal pain, to be sure.  Reading these other reviews, it sounds like more problems are inevitable, and I'd hate to have them crop up when I'm not expecting it and when I need my cell phone to work.So, now I'm in the market for a new cell phone.

When I bought this phone 11 months ago it was one of the most advanced phones I had ever had, so my excitement helped me to ignore little bugs such as the cover screen freezing up (I frequently have to cut my phone on and off to make it work), the camera's sometimes grainy quality (I have ONE crystal clear picture), and the way I would miss a few calls due to my ringer switching from "vibe and ring" to "silent" in my pocket or purse.  When I did miss calls from the same person, I could only see the last call and couldn't verify if they had called me earlier (which does tend to cause conflict when you really need to prove if someone called you or not).  There are times when my phone doesn't even ring, it just comes up "missed call."  Sometimes it doesn't tell me it has a missed call at all and I'll only find out if I happen to check my messages--and that's if the person leaves a message at all (I almost lost a few friends over this because I thought they were lying to me when they claimed to have called me, and me being the stubborn person I am I wouldn't bother to call them).  The ringtones have a nice quality but mostly sound like rejected pop tunes, with the exception of a few.  The predownloaded "free" games are mildly entertaining for the first two plays or so, but heaven forbid if you get too good at it--Motorola cuts the game off after roughly 3-5 minutes and prompts you to buy the Full Version.  I'm not even going to mention how my service seems to fluctuate in the same area (like my room), or when I travel to my friend's dorm up north we have to sit in the Motorola/T-Mobile/anything but Verizon section by the open window.  So all quirks aside, I loved my phone until about a few months ago, when I realized I could no longer hear anybody on the other end and nobody could hear me unless I use speakerphone or a headset.  I now have to wrap my headset around my phone at all times, or else in the time I spend rummaging around for it (or trying to activate speakerphone, which only works AFTER you answer the phone) the person hangs up unless they know how jacked up my phone is.  I wish I had the money to buy a new phone because I'm tired of everyone telling me to get a new one!  After reading other customer reviews I can see that these later problems probably would have still occurred even i I hadn't dropped my phone one too many times.  Another problem that bugs me is the 3 way conference calling--it can only be activated AFTER the phone call connects, much like the speakerphone.  It's very awkward when you volunteer to call someone for someone else, then when they answer the phone you have to tell them to hold on so you can connect--by that time they think you're some loon and hangs up.  So basically, if you want a flashy cameraphone then this is a decent one to have, but keep it in a good holder to protect it when it drops.  I also had a Motorola c333 and I've noticed that electronically, Motorola products deteriorate quicker than any other cell phone I've had.  They're good for the first few months but give them time and they'll show their true colors.

I loved this phone when i first got it, but after about 2 years the speaker stopped working so all my conversations had to be on speakerphone, which is not private. I called T-Mobile and they told that they would fix it for me no problem and then they tell me that since my warrantee was up i would have had to pay $150 to get it fixed, so i bought a samsung e315 (dont reccomend that either).Pros:amazing camera qualityafter 100 pics only 50% memory usedspeakerphonespeaker quality good (before it broke)gamesaimeasy to usegood battery liferingtones are coolringtone quality amazingcool buttonsvibrant screenCons:no exterior color screenbuttons on side push in pocketcasing (rubber) peels easilyscratches easilyhad trouble charging (wouldnt find the charger)bigheavykeypad scratched a circle into the main displayi really did like this phone though i miss it but dont want to get a new one cuz ill prob go through the speaker thing again

This is the coolest looking phone i've ever seen, way better than the samsung e715. There are so many good points in this phone i can't say em all, but here are the pros and cons.pros:- slick design (b/c of the blue and silver color)- nicely pixalized color display- good reception- great sound quality with the speaker- nice keypad design (nicely done)cons:- no bluetooth technology- bad camera at nighti've had some small problems with the alarm and the imelody ringtones that i've created, but i've been able to work around it. Other than that, this is a nice ass phone and i would recommend everyone to get it. You guys might want to wait for the upcoming V600, but if u can't wait, get this phone, the V300 looks even better than the V600.

My old motorola survived a lot. I poured some sweet tea with milk on it but it still took a year before it entirely broke down.

I have used atleast 3 latest models from last year from different manufacturers and I can say the this one is very competitive.PROS: This is a nice phone, with a very nice and loud speakerphone.Battery life for the last one year has been excellent.The phone is sturdy. NOt very heavy.The Phone has never dropped any calls.Camera is OKAY. A good Cell phone camera, i can say.CONS:It does not have wireless stuff like bluetooth or Infrared.

I have service through T-Mobile, and so far, super service and a great working phone.  The camera phone works great for me and I think the pictures are very good quality.  The reason I got this phone is that it is a flip phone.  For some reason, the Sony-Ericsson cell I had previously (an "open-face" phone) would never unlock my keys in time for me to answer a call, so I stopped locking them.  Well, I made lots of calls un-intentionally, so I thought a flip-phone would be great (and I am pretty quick about whipping that puppy open).  I have had the phone for about 7 months now, and it looks as good as the day I first got it.  The buttons are a good size for me, and I LOVE the speakerphone feature.  It is a small phone, so it doesn't take a lot of room.  The one thing that is annoying, which other buyers have noticed, is a tendency to reset itself.  My phone doesn't reset itself, but it has switched to silent mode a couple of times, and I never use silent mode.  I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.  My calls get through, I don't recall losing any calls, and I love the coverage.

As they say, good things come in small packages! I know that I'm happy that I purchased this phone, but my g/f is ecstatic!This is my first cell phone purchase. It is VERY user-friendly (I easily customized my phone without the guide...directions/manuals are for whimps :) My V300 arrived activated and somewhat powered up ready to use, but my only dilemma was how quickly I could learn how to use all of the many cool functions before running out of power.I'm a photographer and the phone's camera is no where near what I'd consider a serious contender in the field, but it definitely is a fun feature to have on board.Apparently this is a high-demand phone and Amazon's shipping estimate is (much) later rather than sooner. Their original shipping date was about 5 weeks away -April 14th. I received it in 5 days!I think that this is a great purchase. I know my g/f thinks so too!

My battery discharges in under a day with less than 30 mins of talking. I changed 2 batteries, but still the same problem.

I've had my phone for about a yr and a 1/2, but recently I've encountered some issues. I can no longer just open the phone to answer it, because I can't hear anyone on the other end. Now I am only able to speak/listen by using the speaker phone. Needless to say that is quite annoying. TMOBILE can't fix it, so im in the process of buying a new phone.

Hello, i am interested in the immediate purchase of this Motorola V300 Phone  and i shall be paying via western union auction payments.i will like to ask if you will be able to ship as soon as payment is confirmed and approved by western union auction payments, i mean upon recieval of approval notification.i want to send this to my son in africa and as a result of this, i will handle shipping with my UPS account, this means i will not include shipping fees to payment made.if you will be able to do this,pls get back to me with your final asking price, contact name, address and telephone number so that i can proceed with payment right away.

Motorola hasn't released many good new flip phones in the last several months but that's changing.  I purchased two new V300 phones just before Thanksgiving and my wife and I love them.Very easy to use, the color screen is crisp, and I've not had ANY problems at all with the software, solid as a rock.  So many improvmements over my old phone, the specs tell the story, built-in camera, speakerphone, great sounding ringtones, etc.  The phone has a solid, durable feel.  Motorola spends a great deal of time and money making sure they have a rugged phone that holds up over time.I had AT&T; previously and while the service had great coverage the quality of the call was not always that good, must be the old TDMA network.  Ever since I switched to T-Moble the calls have been very clear, even with only 1 or 2 bars of signal strength!  The GSM network is superior when it comes to clarity.Overall, the phone is a great value and it works with all my old V60 accessories.  For the money (I paid $100 after rebate) you can't find a better, more durable phone.  Highly Recommended.

The bells and whistles are impressive but the one thing you need this phone for-talking-is poor.  There is an echo to almost every call.  I frequently get static on my end that causes me to have to have the caller repeat themselves.  I went from a very old flip phone with great phone quality to a high priced &quot;gadget&quot;.  Unfortunately I don't feel it is worth the price tag and plan to send it back.  If you want to purchase a cellphone then test the brands out first.  Online ordering is great but buyer beware!

I got this phone back in December when almost nobody had it and I got a GREAT deal. I paid $100 for the phone and got a $100 rebate. I love this phone so much. It has great features.

This was my perfect phone. I had it for 2 years without a single problem. I loved how everything worked on it, the camera was great, the outside blue cover was perfect so it wouldn't slide around in my bag. But, the receiver speaker died shortly after I passed my two year mark. I had to talk to everyone on speakerphone which was a royal pain. I called T-Mobile and they apparently know about this problem, but still sell the phone. Judging by the rest of the reviews, this has been a problem for a lot of people.The other major problem with this phone is that sometimes it doesn't feel like charging. I would have plugged it in and it would say that it was "unable to charge". It only happened a handful of times, but again...juding from the rest of the reviews, it sounds like a major problem.It's too bad the hardware of this phone didn't hold up b/c I loved the features of the phone.

This phone is driving me insane! I haven't had any serious problems with this phone, but it does have one serious pitfall. It's SLOW!!!!! It takes a second to type in a letter and the &quot;predictive input&quot; is frustrating. It has also shut down TWICE because i had been typing too fast on the AIM program. lame!!!Everyone who is drawn to the value, camera, and color BEWARE of what lies beneath. Try it out first. Enter a number, or send a text messege.I havent had problems with T-Mobile yet, although the service is &quot;area-consicous.&quot; you have to check to see if it works well in your area before you buy it or esle you might find yourself stranded w/o service.also, certain things to this phone dont seen intuative to me. quite unrefined.

Had this phone for a few months now, and since I took advantage of this site so many times in the past, I thought I'd pen up a little review.Pros:Durable.  It's been thrown on the ground several times and still works at 100%.Nice color screen.  People are pretty impressed with the city background espeically.Built-in antenna.Looks nice.Solid exterior grip.  Other phones slide off my fingers by comparison.Free when I got it, apparently you make money on it now.Good sound/speakerphone.Cons:Camera stinks.  Don't get this phone for the camera.Awkward at best Internet access.Difficult to connect to PC. (Must buy extra cable, I believe.)The "T-Zones" and the camera are the default options on the taskbar, and can't be changed.Crappy built-in games.Overall: If you just want a phone that you'll use as a phone, it's tough to go wrong with this item.  Not the phone for you if you use the Internet heavily.I like this phone.  I haven't been impressed with Internet options on phones to date, so I'll probably have this phone for at least 2 years, and then get a new one when Internet access becomes more in synch with cell phones in this country.

I purchased this phone from Amazon.com with a contract from T-Mobile.After 1 year I am on my third V300. This phone has given me nothing but problems. Principally, as others have stated, the charge connector is of extremely poor design. Basically after a few months I would not be able to recharge the phone because of the connection. My first phone did this and so did my replacement. My third phone has lasted a little more than a month but I am not sure how long it will go for.T-Mobile seriously dropped the ball on this because they took FOREVER to send me a replacement. Also, they have a loaner program while you are waiting for your phone but it maxes out at 2 weeks (it took over a month for me to receive a phone). They claim that the postal service lost it (which is possible) but in any event the whole process was terrible. When I spoke to the T-Mobile reps at two different locations I asked if others were having similar problems. Both of them admitted that they have had many warranty defects with the charging ports of the V300.In the end, I am getting a new phone with a new provider. I am going to stay very far away from Motorolas until they resolve their charging issues.

I have been using this phone for more than 5 months now & I am rather happy with this phone. The only thing I would love to see in this is a longer battery life as even a fully charged bettery gets dead at evenings if the phone is used extensively during the daytime. Apart from that, everything works fine for me.

I bought Motorola V300 on June 2004. There isn't a t-mobile network where I live, but in general I have full reception using borrow ATT or Enstein network. I can't complaint about T-mobile since I'm very satisfied with its customer care center.After about three months using this phone, it suddenly stopped working. It keeps blinking on and off everytime I flip it open. I can't press button since everytime it blinks the phone would refresh to the home screen. I bought the phone at amazon and had difficult time asking replacement from them. I asked around local phone repair service center and despite Motorola insistence none of them are affiliate with Motorola of which they refused to fix my phone. I searched the Motorola site and found a repair center in Texas. I sent the phone to the repair center for them to fix. Naturally, they deleted all my contact information which I hadn't able to save because of the blinking problem. After a few weeks, they sent my phone back. It was the same phone as before. The blinking problem was solved. But as soon as I used it, it wouldn't work again. There is another problem, no voice. I can't hear neither incoming or outgoing voice. It was frustrated since I expected that they should check the phone functionality before sent it back to me. All the while, I have been borrow someone else phone or go about without any phone at all.I'm avoiding any Motorola product forever.

You can read about how to receive a family plan after purchasing aphone from Amazon.com at:http://www.amazon.com/o/tg/feature/-/472828You can order a phone and service plan from Amazon.com, and thenonce you receive the phone you can change the service plan to afamily plan with your service provider.If you are interested in a family plan through T-Mobile, you willneed to contact T-Mobile after receiving your phone in order toupdate your service agreement.  Doing so should not incur anyadditional fees and will not disqualify you from any of theaccompanying Amazon.com rebates.

I had sprint for years and got suckered into buying this by a dealer who sold both. I really wanted a new sprint phone. It took me ten tries to set up the voice mail because the call kept failing. Unfortunately I went out of town and returned one day late or I would have taken it back. There is a 14 day trial period. If you are going to switch to T Mobile, buy a cheap phone or get a free phone first to make sure it works in your area. I was told that were I work is a minimal service area, which translates to 9 out of 10 times the call will fail or cut out. This is not something ideal for your emergency phone.

Anyone knows how to set up the Light ID??.. cuz i tried to follow the mannual but i don't see any Light ID option.. please let me know if anyone have done it successfully.. thanx..i like the phone!!!

I like the phone, but inexplicably the "end" button stopped working, and a few hours later, the whole phone stopped working altogether.  I did absolutely nothing wrong.  Maybe I just had a lemon?  We'll see.  They're sending me another one, but if they charge me, and they don't honor their warranty, I will certainly write another angrier review.

The front screen went out on my S105 and T-Mobile wanted me to buy another phone since my warrenty was up.  From the deal I'm seeing on here, i wish i could have just canceled and got a new account, but thats too much effort.... anywho, my choices boiled down to getting the E105 or this v300.  I chose the v300 b/c of the extra gadgets (mainly the camera and speakerphone) even thought the rep said samsung users have a hard time getting used to the Motorola OS.She was wrong!  Navigation of this phone was a breath of fresh air!  i will say I preferred how the phone book was layed out better in the S105, but everything else is easier to use on this phone and the T-Zones is so much more functional!  I'm going to have to upgrade my plan to allow more internet usage! There also seems to be a much better seleciton of 3rd party applications and games for this phone which makes for better usability IMHO.Reception is the same as far as i can tell between the two (meaning signal strength).  Clarity is a tad better in the S105, but nothing worth chosing that over this.  If there is even the slightest background noise, they sound the same.  The S105 and this are almost identical in size, but the E105 was smaller... not a bid deal to me.Bottom line: If you are a prude about clarity and size, go with E105.  If you want more from a phone than just making calls, get the v300 (or higher).

this is the worst phone i have ever owned. i had it for a little under a year and had to have it replaced four times. The first two i had replaced were due to a short in the internal display ... it would flash on and off and most of the time it didnt work at all.The third V300 i had replaced because of a problem with charging. I would have to plug the darn thing in 5 or 6 times before it would even recognize that i wanted to charge it and even then it often failed to charge completely. Such a pain!the last phone stopped working all together. if i could get it to turn on it was alright ... but the sound quality was complete crap.all in all this phone is absolutly HORRIBLE.

Because it will! I've had 4 (FOUR!) of these phones. Luckily T-Mobile has been great about honoring the Manu warranty. Twice the speaker went- both external and internal. Thank GOD for the headset-that was a nightmare! Once when the screen went white- and stayed that way. Now its the charger. I'm hoping that the car adapter that I just ordered will save the day until I get get back to Verizon and a groovy LG phone.By the way- the number storage logic in the V300 SUCKS! Cannot store multiple numbers for same person- ends up as multiple entries in the phone book. Very Poor logic!! Hope Moto reads this- Geez- I used to think they were Quality!

For the most part, the v300 is a great phone.  I get good reception, and I haven't had any calls cut off or anything like that.  There are a lot of great features which people have already addressed in their reviews.  The major negatives are 1) No bluetooth/infrared, and 2) At first it seemed to me like the battery life was very weak, lasting sometimes pretty long, sometimes only 1 day.Here's a tip that helped a lot: the battery meter on this phone is worthless.  It usually stays at 6 bars for a few days, then jumps from 6 to 4 to 2 to 0 bars on the last day.  This also means that the charge complete message that pops up when you charge it for a few hours shows up too early.  If I leave it charging overnight, rather than stopping when I see the charge complete message, it always lasts at least 4 days.  Once I figured this out, I was very happy with this phone.

I paid for standard shipping; my product was mailed 2-day priority, in perfect condition.

This phone is the greatest. The number one attribute is its cool style. The phone looks extremely stlish when closed or opened. It also has many great features: camera, mp3 ringtones (can have an actual song as a ringtone), Can dial a # by saying the name of the person you want to call, can download and comes with cool backgrounds for screen, pictures for caller id, you can mix your own music, and is perfect for talking which is the most important thing for a cell phone. Menu is also really cool.

Ive had the phone for almost a year. the interface is bloated, settings are not easily found, there are just too many places for things to hide.the camera is passable in daylight. the phone was working OK, but lately it has a tendancy to reboot at inopportune times.  such as when typing a text message, or when flipping open to answer a call.in addition, lately i cannot hear very well from the earpiece.  i used to have to turn some people down when talking to them, but now sometimes i can barely hear at all.i will not be buying a motorola phone again in the near future.

I haven't had the total breakdowns that other reviewers have described, but my phone also often misses a call and simultaneously receives the message just fine.More annoying is that it is almost impossible to keep this phone quiet. Even on silent, it still beeps loudly every time one of the exposed buttons on the outside is touched. Which is just about constantly. The key volume switch has no effect on those keys.The other serious fault is speaker volume. Even on max the volume is not nearly loud enough to hear over street noise when walking nor road noise when driving or riding. The camera is not worth the extra cost for the cable and software that should have been included in the original purchase package. I was otherwise satisfied with the phones features, size, weight and battery life, all of which were an improvement on my LG 510. The biggest improvement over the LG 510 was ringer volume; the V300 has a really LOUD ring. But the LG had a much better/louder speaker.I was very satisfied with Amazon as a seller and I like T-Mobile as a service provider. Connections within urban areas and on interstates (except I-86) are clearer than Verizon. But rural areas often have no coverage at all.

When I first got this phone, I loved it. But, then a couple of months down the road..it started to act up. The first reason I had to replace it was because all of a sudden..the battery wouldn't charge. Nothing was wrong with the battery itself..so I got a replacement phone. Then..the service went out on the first replacement phone. It was dropping calls every 2 minutes and in some places..I didn't get any service at all. My brother had a small emergency when our parents were out of town and I didn't know for an HOUR. If it had been a life or death emergency, I would have been HIGHLY upset. So, I got another replacement phone. I have now moved to NYC..and in my apartment..I get one bar of service! This is unacceptable. I've been having problems with TMobile and their phones for too long. I've been with them since they were Voicestream and they are dying to keep me..but I'm switching to Nextel or Verizon THIS week.Save your money..don't get this phone and dare I say..don't go with TMobile!!

THe Motorola V300 is a great phone -- if you are in the market for a flip-style phone, this is the one to get. The features are great -- more than you'll ever need. The only minor set back is the camera's quality -- it isn't as good as some other phones I've used. I bought it using a coupon from UnderTag.com, so it was a real bargain for me.

I've owned this phone for a month and the call gets dropped off frequently.

A simple phone call is not simple any more. This phone makes me appreciate what a thing of beauty and wonder my &quot;stone age&quot; S-105 is. No camera, no voice dialing, but easy to use, and very intuitive. Which brings me to what I hate most about this phone - the nonintuitive menus. You have to consult the manual for every little thing because the menu tree is hard to comprehend and harder still to penetrate. This is not a phone for the casual user.The pros: bright, easy to read display, attractive styling.Cons: Not a good phone, battery life is very short (2 - 3 hours of use.) Stay away if you can.

The v300 is a versitile phone with alot of great add-ons. The camera is fun and the address book is not bad either. I havent had a dropped call yet nor have I had any major problems.The only real complaint I have is that prepaid doent get the "T-Spots" service so i can download rings...but oh well.This is a good phone as far as I am concerned.

I bought this phone and right from the second day I had problems with charging. I had to struggle to fit the charger so that it starts charging. Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem. It also had a new problem. Suddenly it stops ringing. I will be getting calls but no ring and no sound from the phone. I would give negative stars if possible but this is a horrible model.

This phone is the best phone I've ever used. I have no problem with the camera feature. Pictures are sharp and clear, and the color is fine.I have had no problems with reception, and here in florida, that is a common problem. The only thing I can find on the phone that I don't like is the little button on the side that anticipates your next move. If you happen to be takling to someone and accidentally touch the button, it terminates the conversation.All in all, this is a great phone. Glad I bought it.

If you view the v300 screen thro polarized sun glasses, the screen looks blank.  It looks as if the phone were switched off.

I got this phone after having a Nokia 3595 and a Motorola V66, and overall I like the V300 much more.  Except there is one problem that has plagued me since the day I got my phone.  There is a bug where when you open the flip screen the screen and background will short out, so you have to close the phone and re-open it multiple times.  Which in many cases has made me drop phone calls.  The phones features are great, and when the screen is working I have only had fun with it.

The look, the feel, and better yet it's from Motorola.At first, this phone looked amazing, it had a great feeling blue cover, it was comfortable, it had great sound, it was wonderful. After a month, I started to get tired of the same blue cover, so I decided to buy myself a new cover. I went to the TMOBILE stands at the mall to have them put it on for me because I didn't trust the people I bought my cover from. Turns out that the employees at the stands don't know what they are doing and they couldn't help me. So I had to get the person I bought it from do it for me. Let me tell you, the contruction is not solid. it may be from my case, but this has never happened to me on any other phone before. The flip doesn't go back all the way, leaving it uncomfortable while on it and it gets hard to see. I occasionally give it a little nudge so it can go farther back but it feels as if it will snap off. I'm afraid to push it farther.I've had it now for about 4 months, and nothing major has gone wrong yet. The sound quality is pretty good, except TMOBILE has bad reception. Out of nowhere my phone will just hang up, and I won't know if it was me or the person I was talking. I now know that it's because of my service. This isn't really the phone itself, but they only offer the V300 at TMOBILE, so if you were planning on going this direction, I would stop.This phone does have its perks. It comes with amazing features such as: built in camera, speakerphone, downloadable graphics ringtones and games, MotoMixer, and many other great features. This phone is average in my opinion. There is nothing spectacular about it, but it isn't bad. I say, if you are just looking for a regular flip phone, this will probably be the one for you. If you want something more high-tech, i'd go for the V600, it looks a lot more professional.

I bought this unit in February of 04. Since about August, I have started having major problems with it. One of these is the speaker going out on it. Now, the only way to talk to someone is to use the speakerphone or use a handsfree cable. Another problem I have found is that the unit will periodically reset itself. I may press the button to open up a text message, hit send to answer a call, or do absolutely nothing at all. On top of that, T-Mobile has horrible coverage and customer service. So just be advised...

I was quite disapointed with this phone. I was really excited in April when I paid $250 for it. So far, it has given up all hope on charging, ALL the blue on the back has peeled off, when I try to press a button or type a text to fast it takes awhile to catch up, and it is very sensitive about being closed. also it won't let me view texts from certain numbers. as though it hates my friends...I would not recomend it and because of the problems I have had with it Tmobile it replacing it with a samsung for free...

I bought the phone being that it was Tri-band and thought it will be useful to me. well, it turns out that one of the locations I am being sent to doesn't have T-mobile connection. I am moving to South Carolina and T-mobile has no connection there. I spent money on a phone and now I can't even use it. I Feel that T-mobile should give you some kind of map that indicates the places your phone is able to work. everything works great though.I would still like a map of places T-mobile's connected to. so, before you purchase the phone first ask if the area you plan on using it in has T-mobile service.

I've had this phone for a month or so now, and have no complaints. It seems durable,has all the bells and whistles you could want, battery life is decent, sound quality is very good on T-Mobile, is intuitive to navigate, and has a nice solid feel. You can find deals to get the phone at no up front cost with service so if you're in the market for a versatile high quality picture phone this is it!

i will agree this phone is horrible i work for tmobile and hear it every day about this phone and i do not recommend it . i exchange the thing about 8 times a day and thats a whole lot no phone should be exchanged that much. The Best phones out there on the market and from Nokia. Currently tmoible doesn't cell a nokia flip phone but they are coming out with one soon and every other nokia regular open phone is GREAT. they are durable and last FOREVER. I know this from personnal experience. I recommend them to every customer that asks me what phone to buy. The are inexpensive and will last. As far as the other comment on this site about tmobile charging you roaming when your phone is just turned on in a different country that is 100% INCORRECT you can view roaming policy online at tmoible.com and any rep will tell you. You are only charged when you make a call, and you only say you weren't using it when you don't want to pay for the fee or if your a kid and you don't want to get it trouble from your parents. Neither of these things are faults of tmoible or any other wireless provider.

I used this phone for about four months before problems started. First it was the battery life, it went from me only having to charge it every other night to several times a day. I couldn't make a call that lasted more than twenty minutes without the phone completely draining the battery...and god help me if I wanted to play a game! [I was pretty disapointed since I bought a couple games from T-Mobile.] I decided to buy another motorola battery and hope for the best - but no way, not for me. The phone drained the new battery just as quickly.I put up with this problem for a couple months before the handset speaker started going out! I couldn't hear anyone and they couldn't hear me. It was a constant conversation of "HUH?" and "What?? You're not talking loud enough!" - To have a decent conversation I had to put the handset on speakerphone and talk that way. That worked fine in my own home but what about work?I shudder to think that I wasted my money on this phone. Although I have come to discover that these are VERY common problems with this model and that Motorola released the v330 to console those of us who got ripped off by them on the 300.Do yourself a favor and skip this one.

I have had this phone for almost a year. I haven't had any problems with it at all and my T-mobile service has been great. I have been thinking about going for a device that is easier to send text messages on.

Pros: I've been using this phone since a while now and the phone works great with T-mobile service. The screen is large and the buttons are easy to press. The structure is sturdy and survived a drop. The camera is fair enough to get distant pictures in sunlight. -$100 is surely a great price for this phone.Below are cons but none are outsized and shouldn't stop you to buy this phone.Cons: The speakerphone is not that clear to listen. The ring tones are really really loud and could be annoying sometimes. If phone numbers are stored on phone and then copied to SIM...the phone book shows all entries twice, which is really annoying. The phone doesn't come with any belt clip or a case.

the ringers were a little campy, but I downloaded stuff from muwap.us and they give amazon users 10% off, which makes the annual thing $8 or 9 now.

I just got the phone yesterday and love it.My only complaint is that it didn't come with a holster - And every phone I ever got came with one. So that was a surprised and I had to go out and buy one. Not that I can complain seeing how the phone was free from T-mobile.comAll the features and stuff I like. The speakerphone is loud enough for me to use in my house. Out in public it won't be loud enough, I don't think. But I can't complain because I wouldn't use the speakerphone in public. It's no one elses business what I'm talking about and I think it's rude to use the speaker in public.The only thing I don't like is that the phone seems a lil retarded when it's charging. It'll keep beeping to tell me it's done. And not like, BEEP BEEP BEEP. But just every so often out of the no where it beeps, then beeps again. It's like, ok? Also, I wish I could remove the date from showing on the screen so I could see my entire wallpaper and I wish screensavers that I set as the wallpaper would be active instead of just sitting there like a regular photo.I also don't like the ringer. There is just vibrate, just ring or vibrate and then ring... My old Sanyo phone from Sprint had ring AND vibrate simutaneously. I wish this phone did that. Other then that though it's good except for having to get used to it.The camera works better then I thought it would and the size is pretty decent.My only confusion is knowing the difference betweena  text message, picture message and emails... What makes them different? I don't really understand that and don't want to get charged.Reception and everything is fine for me. I also love T-Mobile. I've called their customer service to activate and just for questions and they have always been 100% helpful and kind and never pushy or anything. I love them. Even at the stores they are super nice.You can also view everything on their website or call. Such as used minutes, how many minutes left etc. You can even add numbers to your phone book through their website.The phone is great and T-Mobile is the best.The phone I recommand to everyone unless you want the step up V600 or just a totally different phone. And regardless of your phone preference... I definatly recommand T-Mobile.

What I've used before: the motorola C331 - from cingular - and that was complite garbage. The C331's battery were low at the end of one day everyday; the talk time was no more than 30min RIGHT after the charge. V300 is a big improvement.After using the camera and talking for about 30 minutes the phone has lasted me about 2 days without re-charging - nothing close to the 200 some hours of stand by time it's supposed to have.The camera is GREAT! you can zoom in (and the zoom actually does something), change brightness, and let it take a picture on a timer.The phone also has A LOT of features which makes it a little overwhelming at first. The WORST thing about this phone (maybe other phones too?) is the GAMES there's only 1 level per game (3 games in total), and you have to pay to upgrade from the demo. Would it really cost all that much more to put in the whole game into the phone?The v300 also a little bulky, my C331 was thinner and lighter, but hey maybe that's why it sucked so much.Also the t-mobile support doesn't leave the caller on hold for eternities as did cingular. The transfer of phone numbers to t-mobile from cingular took just one day. T-mobile is the way to go.

The Motorola V300 is a fun and functional addition to my everyday travels. It has so many features it's hard to describe them all. I really like being able to check my email from anywhere at anytime. I also like the downloadable song snippets that I can set as ringtones. I love that it has talk, text and paging capabilities. The camera is really fun, though the pics are not the best quality. I also love the built-in datebook, it has made my PDA obsolete.

this phone can be one of the best to have only if you have the right stuff. first you need the USB cable so you can transfer ringtones, pictures, phonebook, games, etc. as the phone itself doesnt get you much as you will be ending up paying for ringtones for $2 a piece at Tzones and all the songs are clean, short, and file protected. the phones battery life is too short i must tell you. constant use of talking on the phone will only last around 5 hours and the battery will be on its last legs. also the speed of the phone and the buttons. if you have used at least 70% of the phone the phone will start to respond slowly and getting from place to place on you phone will be pretty slow and can cause you to overpress the phone leading you elsewhere. the phone needs a button lock as whenever i walk around there are times when the phone would press on the side switching the Style ringer. in reality the phone should be a 3 stars but since its satisfied me with a decent Digital Camera Phone, sorta MP3 Player, and a series where i can have any song that i wish on the phone, id rate it 5 because of how the phone has treated me so far. but be aware that when you use the motorola Mobile Tools, which is used to transfer ringtones, games, etc, that it doesnt work on every computer. the program has its problems. also, id like to add, Mobile Phone Tools works on all Motorola V Series phones (ex. V60 V66, V300, V400, V600...)

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! NOT EVEN FOR FREE!!! This is an old phone, and will be out of production soon.  Because it has a bad charger connection.  It will stop charging after a little while.  You cannot buy the charger from any T-Mobile store!!  It is a bad design and they know it!!!  They already switched to another charger that's more reliable for other phones.

This phone seems like a really good idea with some great features.ON PAPER.In practice, this thing is ridiculously frustrating to own. The v300 is equipped with a less-then-adequate CPU which means the phone is often lagging several steps behind the user. You can be pushing buttons, but button presses often don't register for up to a second, which means you end up doing things you don't intend.Now the worst part of this phone and probably the single worst thing about every current phone Motorola makes. The charging port is seriously the most poorly designed connector on the history of man. I have gone through 4 of these phones because of the same issue. The charging port is very, very fragile and I often have to sit there with the charger for 20 minutes (and that's NOT an exaggeration) trying to get the bloody thing to charge. I don't know how many times I got so sick of trying to charge it, I go out with only one battery bar remaining only to hear the phone beep at me loudly every few minutes to notify me of it's dying battery. After a while, that beeping feels like I was stabbed in the gut with the phone and every few minutes, someone pours salt into the wound, just to remind me about how absolutely terrible a choice I made in buying this thing.Stay away from it. Resist it's sexy curves and attractive blue color. As a matter of fact, stay away from Motorola phones in general until they fix this issue with the charging port. I guarantee it is the #1 complaint with there current line of phones.For the price, the Sony/Erricson t610 is a much less frustrating solution.

I have 4 Cell Phone for business, i thought Nextel was Great, BUT wait unitl i own this V300, i know WHAT IS THE BEST NOW. All i can say this is a great small phone, perfect size for woman, and picture are so clear, better than the T610.

I just bought this phone a few days ago and really didn't want to believe the commonly-said mantra that cell phone companies are evil, will steal your money, will stuff your contract with hidden charges, etc. I asked my rep. all the questions I could think of, and thought I had it all squared away; thought I know all that I was getting into.Hm...nope.First off though, this is a great phone. It has every feature you could want and anything that doesn't come with it originally you can just pay extra for. The phone is sturdily built, has a very loud, clear ring (which can be set lower or to vibrate), has a decent phone for a camera (the zoom and brightness control features help out a lot), and is adorable.But beware AIM when you use this phone (or any T-Mobile phone, for that matter). It doesn't just charge you for when you receive or send IMs - it charges you for getting your buddy list when you first sign on, for *refreshing* your buddy list, for adding a buddy - and it usually will charge you two messages for each of these things because it'll say that adding a buddy, for example, requires both you sending a message to AIM saying to add a buddy, and AIM sending you a message back confirming the buddy add. I've sent and received no more than 20 messages in the past few days, but when I go online to T-Mobile's website to look at how many &#34;messages&#34; I've racked up, it says *147*.Also, T-Mobile will tell you that the only way you get internet access is if you pay extra for their t-zones thing. This is not true. If you go to Menu -&#62; Office Tools -&#62; WebAccess -&#62; Go To URL, and then enter a web address, it'll bring you there regardless of whether you have t-zones or not. Confusing at first, but that's apparently how it works. I'm not sure what the charges are associated with it, if there are any; I emailed T-Mobile three consecutive times asking about it and they wouldn't give me a straight answer, like they didn't understand me or something.Just hope this helps someone out there.**UPDATE 09/08/04**So yeah, about the internet service...I tried to check my e-mail with this phone the other day, like I'd been able to do for more than two months, when suddenly I'm told that I need to subscribe to T-Zones for this service at at least $4.99 a month. Confused, I call T-Mobile, and am told that I was never supposed to be able to access the web from my phone in the first place; there just happened to have been a glitch recently where people who weren't paying for T-Zones were able to. Now that's apparently fixed, so my above point about that you can access the internet through this phone without T-Zones is no longer true. I'm really sorry to anyone who bought this phone thinking they'd get free access; it's just how it seemed at the time. Sorry.And seriously, what's up with a company that messes up like that? Gah.

I've been using this phone for about 10 months.  I really like it.  I create my own MP3 ringers by downloading songs, then using free software on the net to edit them down to 20-30 seconds.  The camera is so-so, but is fun to have since you can email the pics to people as soon as you take them.  The directory is a little confusing as I still don't know if I am saving to the phone, the SIM card, or both, but I don't care about it too much.  The voice dialing is nice, and the speaker phone is great.As for T-Mobile, there is much to be desired.  Lots of service holes in my area (metro Detroit) and a lot of sudden drop offs.  This is true with my friends also on T-Mobile, so I don't blame my phone.  Get the phone, but be wary if you go with T-Mobile.

I got this phone 3 weeks ago through T-mobile. Paid $150 for it. It has been by far the best phone I have owned. I have owned an ericsson, Nokia 8290 and 3595, Samsung s105 and R225, and motorola v60g before this Motorola V300. Nice design and you get a really cool protective cover/ belt clip as well. The camera works well when there is external light, but it turns out completely dark when it is night time because there is no flash. Quality of the picture is not great compared to digital cameras but it comes in handy when you don't have one with you. Compared to other camera phones the picture in the V300 is still superior. One big annoyance with this phone as with all motorolas is that there is a continuous beep indicating the battery is low but there is no way to turn it off, even on vibrating mode. Also the voice activated dialing is cool but you can only activate it after opening the phone. It doesn't allow you to activate it through the external buttons. Overall an excellent phone-I especially like the speaker phone and camera features.

I have been using this phone for 10-11 months now. It has a number of problems:1. From the time I bought, it has problems with charging. I have to wiggle the wire a number of times until the phone detects that it is possible to charge. While being in charge, it is also possible to run out of battery if you start using the phone!2. Just a week ago, the phone is acting wierd with little reception in most areas here around San Jose and so many failures while making calls or talking.It seems that I have to change this phone soon!

This phone is by far one of the best phones offered by Tmobile.  It is so great that it is always out of stock.  This phone might be lacking bluetooth as well as irda but it has many features not offered in other phones at the moment.  If you are looking for a normal phone, this is the one, if not and looking for something to sync with computer applications please look into the Nokia 3650 and the SE T610.  If you want to know more please inquire,Pro:1. Best TFT Screen (better than E715)2. LOUD speakerphone mode3. easy to use, very similar to older T720 menus.4. easy to sync with computer via usb cable5. Voice dial6. did i mention the Camera?Con:1. No BT or IRDA2. Cant answer via speakphone without opening.This phone has a very nice leather grip on the outside and has a nice solid feel to it.  Buttons are also very spacious and click when you press and does not feel cheap.

I got this phone 9 months ago, I started having the charging problems in month 3, by month 6 the phone would just shut down and come back up for no apparent reason, in month 9 it started doing it in the middle of phone calls.  I got a MPx220 this month, I love it despite the mixed reviews.  Its perfect for work, the only problem is that Cingular customer service is not very knowledgble about the data plan you need.  Be sure to tell them you need Xpress mail, NOT media net if you plan to use it to get your work Outlook email on your phone.

Okay, yes it is a great phone with all the little extras, but how i wish i could trade all that stuff in for just an hour of talking time. Everytime i talk to someone for more than an hour or an hour sometimes the phone will disconnect or i won't hear anything while the other person hears me going,bla,bla,bla. What kind of service is this!!!!I am very dissapointed!

I used to have both Motorola V66 and V300. Comparing V300 to V66:1. The reception quality (the main feature of the mobile phone for me and I guess for most other users) is about the same. I did not notice any improvement in V300. Turning off the battery save did not increase the performance in areas where the reception was bad.2. The size of the phone (the second most important feature):V300 is much bigger and heavier that V66. V66 is a winner here.3. Missing bluetooth interface limits the business (synching appointments book) and in-car use of the phone. Motorola decided to save a few bucks and probably lost a lot of customers to Sony-Ericsson T610. T610 is fortunately for Mororola was a bad competitor: the build quality of Sony products is so bad that T610 breaks down within a few hours of use (this was the case with me and many others).4. V300 has a bulk of totally useless features that consume space and power: the useless poor camera, color display, speakerphone??. V66 wins here again.Overall I regret buying V300. V66 was a better product.If Motorola could add a bluetooth and improve the reception, while reducing the size, I would be a buyer for their next product.

I use it all of the time. Everything from email to Web browsing included!

This phone is sleek and good looking.  It is jam packed full of features, and it comes with lots of goodies.  Though I haven't used it internationally, its a plus to have that on the phone.  The camera produces fantastic pictures, and the phone screen is bright and beautiful.  On the outside, there is a blue screen that shows the time, who is calling, etc.  That things that I found to bad is the keypads weird configuring, and the bad reception found in certain places.

OMG i love this phone this is one of the best phnes out there.  And i know for a fact that the reason most of you are having problems with is phone is 1 of 2 reasons1) Your just to stupid to appresiate a good thing when you see it.2) Your using this phone unlocked and everyone and there mama's know that unlocking your phone has a great chance that i will not work &lt;Especially if the phone is made for t-mobile only!!&gt;So yes this phone is perfect.By the way if your looking for a phone like this without t-mobile go check out the Motorola v400 exctly the same except for the outside.  or the Motorola v500, v600 those have bluetooth &lt;own all of those and all great&gt;

I bought this phone after researching it quite a bit and looking at user reviews.  It seemed like a good phone, it had a great price on Amazon, and I really loved the idea of the mp3 ringtones.  However, this phone stinks.  It can go anywhere from no bars to full bars on my signal without moving - sitting in the exact same spot.  For no reason, the phone will suddenly lose all signal and HANG.  I can't do anything but shut if off and turn it back on, and then proceed to call back the person I was talking to with plenty of apologies at hand.  Think twice before buying this phone.

Well, I have used cells phone for many years now but this is truly something more than just a cellphone. I was skeptical at first, wondering how much my monthly data transfer bills would be. But, I soon learned to love my new V300.... Anyways, it took me about 10 minutes to setup the phone with all my contacts and settings. You got to love the voice-activated dialing, cool built-in camera phone (picture quality is pretty good) and the web browsing. Voice quality is amazing as well, much better than AT&T.;... I spent about a week researching tons of other phones, but this beats them all in a price to performance comparison. I can even record voice memos and share them with others.I went with the T-mobile all you can eat plan for two phones (wife and I both got the new V300 now). ... Oh yes, I called T-Mobile to verify something and they are even open on the weekends and at nights and what great of service I got. Wow!AT&T; Wireless, be glad you finally got bought out, it's for the best... ;-)I was an AT&T; Wireless customer for years and am happy I am on this plan now with such a great phone.

I have two V300 phone, it was working properly until one day i am starting have charging problem. The screen shows: "Unable to charge"... I was able to correct it by replug it for several times.. and finally the phone goes dead. I aways get the error charging messgae... The good thing is the 1 year warrenty coverd this but it's already the 3rd time i have to request a replace phone sent to me!! The worse thing is , TMOBILE now even start to charge $10 shipping fee for the problem they generated.I will never buy the MOTOROLA phone with the same charger again.Stupid design that never consider durability.

I bought this phone about 15 days ago.  Since then, it has dropped every single call I have made/received.  In addition, when I try to call the person back, I hear nothing but loud static until the 3rd or 4th try.  Also, when I hit the menu button (either the middle button in the directional arrows or the three bars), and go into an option (whether the phone book, settings, etc.), when I use one of the arrow keys, the entire screen goes blank and blinks a couple of times.  Then when I go in again, it does it again! Do not buy this phone!  I switched to TMobile from Sprint.  I feel that TMobile has better service, but Sprint has better phones.

My V300 developed a problem after a year and a half.  I got it free with a new T-Mobile plan, and without a contract it would have cost $200.00.  What happens is that when I would flip open the phone, the little button that controls whether or not the screen turns on doesn't un-press all the way, so the screen keeps blinking on and off, as if I were closing and re-opening the phone.  It's like if the button on your refrigerator were stuck halfway, and the light kept blinking on and off.  This has made it impossible to answer calls or type text messages, because if I nudge the buttons the wrong way, the screen turns off and then on again.However, I have been shopping for a new phone, and I am sorely disappointed that other phones, even the fancy overly-expensive ones, are not as elegant as this one.  There are two outstanding points that I like: the interface and the buttons.The interface was professional, well-organized, and had several layers of submenus.  The phone also allows you to access six menus at the touch of a button, rather than making you scroll through one huge list just to access your phonebook or text messages, for example.  There are no silly frills that may get in the way.The numeric section of the buttons are raised circles and are spread far apart.  I have yet to see this on any other phone.  This is a HUGE advantage when using your thumb to locate and press a single button with ease.  I have pretty thin fingers, but I still find it annoying using other phones because I often press the wrong button simply because my thumb spreads out too far.  Not so with this phone.  The top buttons, which feature the standard four-way directional arrows and a button in the middle, as well as five buttons surrounding that, are equally easy to press.  You do not have to worry about accidentally pressing the other buttons because the buttons on this phone are very springy and do not wiggle around in their sockets.I would take into consideration the fact that my phone broke to an unusable point after a year and a half, after the warranty expired, and that at least one other reviewer's phone broke as well.  I do not know how long the other reviewers owned their phones, but the V300's seem have a history of malfunction.  The advantages over other phones may be worth the risk, though.

This phone lasted a long time.  I think I dropped it 100 times and it still kept going.  After 3 years, the volume in the ear went bad.

This is my first Motorola phone. All my previous phones were Nokias. I preferred Nokia phones because of their user friendly menus and outstanding battery-life. My only reason for switching to Motorola was to try a flip phone for once. I checked the user reviews, and V300 seemed like a good choice. Well, after a couple of months I have decided to write my on review. The pros and cons are below. In my opinion the biggest problem of this phone is its extremely short battery life. If you are using a Nokia, when you see that you got only one bar on your battery-meter, you know that you got -at least- half a day. But with V300, when you see that last bar, you better hurry because this phone dies on you like a fish out of water.PROs:- Screen resolution is good with vivid colors.- Looks nice.- The VGA camera (even with x4 zoom) works fine.- The speaker is of high quality.- It is relatively cheap.CONs:- The battery life is way too short.- Lacks bluetooth.- The design of the keypad is really bad.- Sometimes the phone responds a bit slowly (especially when you are trying to scrool up or down in the phonebook.)

I bought 2 of these phones, one for me and one for my wife.  Her's was fine.  Mine would reboot about 1/2 the time when I tried to answer an incoming call.  I took it in for service.  After three weeks it was fixed, and I am satisfied with it.

I bought this phone on Amazon last November.  I'm on my first warranty replacement now, in September.  The receive side failed (no volume) and I also had a progressively worse problem with the charger connection on the phone.  Fortunately, T-Mobile has a very customer-friendly warranty program and I received a replacement within a week of taking the phone to a dealer (replacement came with no SIM card, battery or back cover, though).  Motorola products seem to be a roll of the dice these days.  Keep an eye on your warranty expiration date, just in case.

i always wanted this phone. i finally bought it  few months ago and i took really care of my phone..well kinda i dropped the phone alot and it still works fine...well not really i just have a problem with the camera..i try to use sometimes and it often says Busy  try again. but other than that its fine..i can hear from the other end and they can hear me fine. it also looks good too. i like the blue on the phone..but this phone is getting pretty old so i dont think ill be keeping this phone any longer..

I have had the Moto V300 for about a year now. Has been a good phone except for a few problems. My first phone had to be replaced because AOL IM wouldn't work.Pros:* Phone features are good* Easy to use and funtional PhoneBook and Calendar* Nice SpeakerPhone* Voice dialingCons:* Very poor battery life (I have to charge my ph every 3 days even if moderately used)* No way to activate speakerphone without opening the shell* Speaker goes dead sometimes when I dial out - and I have to restart the phone to fix it.* Have problems charging at times (could be a problem with just my charger/phone).* No IR or bluetoothOverall, I am happy with the phone. The V600 adds bluetooth to the V300 - and is worth the 25$ or so you pay more (at Amazon) compared to V300.

The camera is an order of magnitude better than the crapcam on my Sony Ericson T300.  Reception is better also.  Battery life is decent, the screen is nice.  The outside of the phone has a nice &quot;rubber texture&quot; feel to it.  Speaker phone works ok, and it has voice dial.  I think the menu's could stand to be improved, took me forever to figure out how to set the time since it removes that option if you set it to &quot;auto update&quot; the time, which didn't catch daylight savings for me!

I waited a long time for this phone to be available on Amazon, but finally end up buying it at Circuit City. I end up paying $75 out of my pocket, but trust me, this phone is worth its price.Best part of the phone beside cool design and other features.. is Tri-band GSM techonolgy, which makes it work even out of USA.I wish it had Bluetooth, but still there is no denying that the phone is best ever product from Motorola.

This phone is everything I hoped it would be. Reception is good, the screen is beautiful, and it has snappy operation. iTap word recognition is very cool. (you type the word with numbers and a couple letters in it starts figuring out what word it is based on the possible combinations of numbers) The newer ones appear to be bug free (early v300's had some freezing problems) Phone comes with a nice holster, international adapters, charger and ear bud. It even plays MP3's. You get free WAP access through tmobile so you can get all sorts of internet info free once you bookmark the sites. Feels great in your hand. Comact when folded, but the length of a real phone when open.

The phone lives up to its reputation as stated throughout this review section, so I won't reiterate everything that has been said.  I would like to comment on customer service.  Amazon had a convoluted order to process with me because I was porting over from att and signing up for a family plan.  Although there was a snafu between the order and carrier, both amazon and t-mobile were very responsive and courteous.Other comments:- reception by the ballpark in san francisco is fine.- the ear piece plugs in next to the antenna, remove the rubber plug, duh.- amazon does have a customer service phone number. search for it on google.- to sign up for the family plan, buy the phones with any plan offered.  When it arrives, t-mobile does a great job at adjusting your account to whatever you desire, e.g. a family plan.

Too bad Moto didn't make the V300 a dedicated camera, because that's about where the good part ends. Oh, it has the nice colors, ring tones and all the other warm fuzzies.Problem is, I can't hear the person on the other end, nor can they hear me. It's like talking into two cans with a string. Putting my ear to the phone, the volume is way too low. Put the earphone in, the volume is too high and fuzzy. Turn the volume down, and I can't hear again. Don't get me started on the Speaker phone. It's basically like a CB radio with bad reception.Just as bad is the dropped calls. It drops calls where my Samsung S105 NEVER did. It even drops calls outside.Defective phone? Nope. I got one for my wife too. Her's does the same thing.If you want neat and cool, this is a great unit. If you actually want to have conversations that you can hear, and that don't unexpectedly end all the time, run as fast as you can AWAY from this dog! This was my first and last Motorola. I will NEVER buy another one.

For the last 1.5 years i have had an S105 Phone with the T-mobile Family Plan.  After my S105 was thrown the downstairs (not by me) the screen started crashing so i decided to get a new phone and upgrade my plan.  With the Plan we got the E715 for myself, a V300 and a Nokie 6010.  Since the E715 came out i wanted it but after getting the phone i wasn't to happy.  Yes it is a nice phone and a samsung but it was uncomforable to talk on.  So i decided to try the V300 and to my surprise it felt the same if not better then my S105 did.  I decided to take the V300 instead as it had speaker phone and in my opinion the quality of the pictures looks better then the E715.  It is a motorola which means 2 days of battery life if your lucky but if you just want a phone to take pictures with and talk on, this is a great phone, especially that it comes free in most places and you get bac 200 dollars on amazon.  If you were able to answer the phone with speakerphone or call someone without even opening the phone, i would give this 5 stars.

Ok, first off, this is my first colored phone with megatones and such, so please forgive me if I sound VERY excited!  I upgraded my phone from a non-color, non-polyphonic Motorola V66 phone to this very nice, colored one that can play MP3 and MIDI songs as a ringtone.  I'm very happy with this.  It almost feels like an upgrade from a Pentium I computer to a Pentium 4 :-)It has a camera (nice enough resolution for capturing stuff), and all the other features most new phones have, EXCEPT for Bluetooth, of course.  Still, I read somewhere that you can order a Bluetooth attachment if you'd like to have that capability.The only negative thing I see in this phone is the fact that it's not as loud (both the ringer and speaker) as some of the phones I've heard/had.  Still, it seems loud enough.  I do wonder, though, if I'll be able to hear well in a very crowded place.  Oh, btw, this phone comes with a speakerphone so you don't need to place the phone on your ear if you prefer.All the buttons and the feel of them on your fingers seem perfect.  I especially like the fact that you don't have to press the buttons so hard to get any response from them.  This is a MAJOR plus for this phone.Overall, I think this phone is one amazing gadget!

I've had the Motorola V300 for 1 year and 6 days. I liked it just fine. About 2 months ago, however, I sometimes couldn't hear the caller. Since my phone bangs around in my purse and changes the ringer volume, I thought that somehow the volume setting had changed. Every now and then I would sift through the phone settings looking for a volume control, but never found one. In the meantime, I figured out that I could hear people on speakerphone. I finally called T-Mobile yesterday. They were happy to repair/replace the phone for $10 shipping until they told me that it has been out of warranty for 5 days. We have bought 3 phones in the past year - they knew the phone had a problem with hearing the speaker - but they failed to tell me and I stupidly thought the problem was with a phone setting. Buyer beware! I am NOT happy!

The phone is great but as it has it good things it has some bad ones too.the things I didnt like is that it go's a little slow but aint that much of a dealabout the battery it seemed to me that the battery really is good it lasted for about 5 days.  but it's a shame that they didnt put flash on the phone. So if you're planning to buy the phone ,  it is a great phone but there are other phones better than this one  like the samsung E715.

Mailed in my rebate and all the attending forms in early February. The status on the online rebate center has shown in-process forever. Cmon, 9 weeks? While it's too early to say I'm getting ripped off, this extended time frame doesn't bode well for the people Amazon chooses to do their rebate processing. Think twice before you bite on the rebate lure.The phone, with T-Mobile service is okay. Half of the calls will be dropped about 10 minutes in, and the battery life is nowhere near as stated. The phone itself seems to be pretty good, although the keypad layout could be more aesthetically pleasing and the keys a tad larger. To do it all over again, I would have bought the v600 for the bluetooth, but the rebates offered on this one at the time were too good to pass up. But the rebates don't matter if you never receive the money promised!

I am very surprised by a lot of the negative comments others have made.  I have had this phone now for a couple weeks and not one ounce of problems.  My review may be different, as I am 40 years old and not playing video games or sending sms messages on my phone every two minutes.  My perspective is on how it works as a day-to-day business, functional utility phone.1) Charge lasts me nearly a week before having to recharge or switch batteries2) Phone has clear signals and connection from every place I have tried it.3) Settings, too many to count, makes it nice to customize it to your own needs.Overall, a good phone, easy to use, easy to dial, easy to hear and has nice simple accessories.  I cannot comment on camera use as I just tried it a couple times because people wanted to see, but overall seemed ok.  If you are someone that is using this phone as a phone and not as a toy, then it may be an ideal phone.  More impressive was after all is said and done, the phone was not only free, but put money back in my pocket.

have owned the V300 for 8 months now, and it is nearly unusable.  The screen and picture display is awesome, the ringtones are second to none, and it looks great - but it fails miserably when trying to actually have a conversation.  My first V300 would drop all calls every 20 minutes, on the dime.  After replacing the battery to no avail, I had T-Mobile ship me out a free replacement.  My replacement now drops calls every 8 to 9 minutes!  This would be funny if the darn phone didn't cost me so much.  I will be getting my third replacement any day now...but after reading all these reviews, I now realize that a fully functional V300 is, as another reviewer stated, a crap-shoot.  I intend to keep throwing those dice until I get a working phone from T-Mobile, or until they get tired of sending me replacements, whichever comes first.  I highly recommend looking into Samsung instead - I wish I had.

I seem to be in the minority in loathing this phone, but I want to address the things I hate (maybe these aren't important issues to the others, so they don't mind the phone overall):1) The volume often does not go loud enough, regardless of whether you are using the speaker phone, regular speaker, or an ear piece.  For example, when driving down the highway with the radio off, I have had to strain to hear the other person (this may also be a function of poor reception; see below).  I am not the only person who feels this way (check out the CNET.com user reviews).  Since this is fundamental to the utility of the phone, I would advise anyone interested in this phone who has questionable hearing to only purchase from a source with a good return policy in case you also find the volume deficient.2) You cannot turn on the speakerphone until after the call connects.3) The button to turn on/off the speakerphone is not dedicated for that functionality, and it is not specially offset from the other buttons.  So I can be talking on the phone, and if another call comes him, the meaning of the button used to turn speakerphone on and off changes.  The speakerphone button also has different meaning when you are in voice mail, which can be a pain when you want to turn off an embarrassing message quickly so others don't hear it on the speakerphone.4) I used to have Verizon service.  When I retrieved voice mail, the voice mail indicator went away on my other phone.  With T-Mobile, there does not appear to be any link between listening to voice mail and making the indicator go away, which forces you to go through more steps.5) Reception is bad in buildings.  I have incredibly bad reception in my own house, and no reception in the grocery store in Columbus.6) This may be a function of T-Mobile more than the phone, but reception can be sketchy even in a metropolitan area.7) Despite what T-Mobile coverage maps indicate, I have had bad coverage outside of major metropolitan areas (e.g., between Findlay and Columbus).  Even along major highways (e.g., I-70 between Springfield and Columbus) I have had bad reception.8) Regardless of whether I use the speakerphone, I get complaints that there is &quot;wind noise&quot; when I am outside, even when there is no wind.

the phone is def worth it for the price, everything works perfectly, and the camera gets real nice resolution (for a phone cam), the screen is vivid and shows up nice, i just hope it stays that wayt-mobile service is great if your area is covered

Nice phone....no flash...funny thing is that all the pictures look blurry whereas my treo 600 took pictures with a lot more sharpness.  Sharpness can easily be added on in any photo suite package.

I ordered this phone 4 days ago and it still hasn't shipped.  So much for the available "shipped in 24 hrs" crap.

then the "charging issues" i've read about set in. if this phone's charging capabilities had not crapped out on me, i would of given 5 stars, because it has an easy to use interface, attractive design and function. it has a decent camera (that does degrade over time), plenty of memory, etc. plain and simple, WHEN the charging issues hits you, you're gonna be upset

I've had the V300 for more than a year now, and I think this sums it up:PROs:* Keypad and menu are user-friendly* Speakerphone and three-way conference capabilities* Encased in a non-slip material* Durable* Ringtones are niceCONs:* You open the phone to answer, and it keeps ringing for one or two more times before it finally connects.* Heavy* When calls drop, sometimes it just keeps ringing and you can't stop it for the love of sweet Jesus* It shows received calls as missed calls* Calls drop (often), but it doesn't tell you till way later in the "conversation."* The camera isn't that greatAs for reception, I think that has more to do with T-Mobile's general suckiness than the phone itself (I think). But all the talk about the charger is incorrect. It does take 2 seconds to show that it's charging, but so? And I've never heard of the volume dropping out, or it switching to silent by it's lonesome.I've been around the world with this phone, and have generally abused it. It has survived.

I HAVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR ALL MOST A YEAR AND IT HAS NOT STARTED TO GIVE ME TROUBLE I WOULD RECOMMAND THIS PHONE TO EVERY. IT IS ALSO GOOD TO HAVE IF IT IS FOR YOUR JOB

I just got this phone yesterday, to replace my lg 5250 with sprint service (often problems with dropped calls, messages & voicemails coming 1-2 days late, customer service of not much help, etc..).The main reason I am writing a review this soon is because of one feature it lacks.  I am able to put only one number with one name in the phonebook. This is a major limitation to me where most of my contacts have a work number, a home number, a cell phone, and a beeper. This means I have to put in their names 4 times and assign the numbers, as opposed to assigning the nubmers under one name with my old LG phoneI was somewhat surprised that I did not see this in the reviews before. Otherwise, I think this is a decent phone.

I have had this phone for about 8 months now and it has served us very well up until recently.  As I'm sure most of you have read in some other reviews, we also have had a problem with dropped calls that we didn't have a problem with a few months ago.  This could be from the service but I know other people with T-Mobile who don't have that problem.PROS:1.  Convenient flip-phone design2.  The camera feature took some pretty decent(for a phone) pictures of our adorable little girl so that we could capture those "Kodak" moments.3.  Ring tones were very easily downloadable4.  Sound quality was pretty good5.  Battery life was great.  We would maybe have to charge it a couple of times a week.6.  It has been dropped several times and it's still working perfectly.CONS:1.  WE HATE, HATE, HATE THE SIDE BUTTONS TO CHANGE RING STYLES AND VOLUME!!!!!!!!!!  WE HAVE MISSED COUNTLESS CALLS BECAUSE THE BUTTONS WERE ACCIDENTALLY PRESSED AND HAD BEEN CHANGED TO SILENT!  UNLESS YOU ARE ABLE TO CARRY IT ON YOU ALL OF THE TIME INSTEAD OF PUTTING IT IN A BAG OR A PURSE THEN IT'S PRETTY MUCH HOPELESS.2.  It does not have Bluetooth capabilities.3.  The lag time to access menus is pretty horrible, and if you have the T-zones and are trying to access them it practically takes forever and half of the time it says that the signal was lost while trying to access it.

This is a great phone.  I got it directly from t-mobile and it was a great price!  This phone has so many cool features and many many more!...the camera is the best! i have never captured so many photos without having to go and buy a camera everytime!....WONDERFUL PHONE!

I bought a V300 for $110. I took it home to charge it and it wouldn't accept a charge. I had to unplug it and plug it back in numerous times. Then it finally charged. I only had the phone 1 month before T-mobile had to replace it because it kept turning on and off by itself. I have no problem with signal though. It hasn't ever dropped a call unless i hit a dead spot. My replacement V300 is only 6 months old and the hinge inside the front flap broke. If i dont keep the phone in the holster(which i had to buy) it will open and close in my pocket. The button response time is extremely SLOW! This phone is so horrible built, that it does not deserve the name Motorola on it. I had the choice between the V300 and a Samsung E315. I choose this because i liked the disign and i thought motorola made good products. My friends has the Samsung E315 and has never had a problem with his. The phone itself is durable....but don't expect any great proformance.My experience with this phone has given me bad expectations for any future purchesing of a Motorola product. I'd rather buy a Nokia or Samsung.

I did not have good luck with this phone.  I liked the features that it had, but I did not like how the phone would always lock up on me.  I would have to pull the battery in order to get the phone to reset.  When I would place a call on hold and take another (2nd) incoming call, I had a hard time getting my original call back.  It would say.... "operation failed".  I would try my old phone, and have no problems with switching back and fourth between calls.  My screen would get wierd on my at times.  When I would open the phone, sometime it would not recognize that I opened it, or it would take a few seconds.  I am not impressed with this phone.  I only had the phone 6 months.

I am on a 2nd replacement phone in less than 30 days .The first had a keypad problem. The 6 key would not get pressed at the first attempt.Had to be pressed at different angle to get it right.The second phone used to get Heated up like anything while charging. Further it used to drain any fully charged battery.in minutes and heat up completely. Really HOT !Should I say a pretty HOT phone from Motorola !!!Please dont buy this phone.The Odds of you getting a defective V300 are pretty much high.RgdsV300ictim

I am a heavy user who treats his cell phone like a beloved pet.  I bought my phone from a brick-and-mortar store operated by T-Mob!le, two months ago today.  Yesterday the power button would not respond (SAME PROBLEM as with T720i I had prior).  Today, I was told that since it was not within 30 days of purchase, I could probably only get a refurbished model sent to me (the store would not give me one of the new ones lying around the store).  I've been with T-Mob!le for years.  Today I paid 200 to get out of my contract and switched to ATT.  This phone and carrier does not deserve your attention or your money.

I've owned this phone for over 1/2 a year.  No major problems at all-- I honestly have never had "Volume spontaneously shuts itself off" or "Spontaneously resets to silent or vibrate" or "go anywhere from no bars to full bars on my signal without moving"... I don't know, I feel some of these comments might have resulted from bad care, however I always put my in my bookbag, and I'm sure it gets bumped around too.  The only problem i CAN agree on is that "Charger connection is a terrible design does not fit well, and has to be manipulated to begin charging", but all I do is just push the plug in a little bit and hold for 2 seconds.  It works.My overall satisfaction with phone (1-10): 7PROS:1. Camera phone!2. Stores lots pics (I have at least 40 pics and that only takes up 1/2 of my pic memeory)3. Scratch resistant faceplate/battery cover4. I like the voice recording feature... I don't know why, it's not like I actually record anything useful, but I think it's another cool feature.  It also has MP3 ringtones.CONS:1. This is my first camera phone, but I noticed that it's not as fast as my old v60 in terms of the buttons responding, especially when you flip through pictures.  (But of course, v60 wasn't a color phone nor was it a camera, so it had less to process.)This relative "slowness" also applies to when you flip the phone open.  Sometimes it may take a second for the screen to pop on.2. Size--it's not that small (I would have preferred my old v60 with Verizon if they weren't so expensive--so I had to switch).(I actually didn't pick out this phone myself, my sister got a combined plan with me so she picked it out.)3. Even though the faceplate is scratch resistant, you can't switch it by yourself (well apparently you need a T9 screwdriver or soemthing).  So you'd have to buy the screwdriver and figure out how to install a new faceplate.  (Again, I'm mostly comparing this to my old v60, which did not need tools to switch faceplates).4. Light-up buttons aren't clear-- some of the buttoms are dimmer than the others.  Also, when you first get the phone, the buttoms seem weird b/c they are not all the same size-- if you've ever seen one you know what I'm talking about.  But you'll get use to both things I just mentioned.Overall, I think this phone is a decent phone for anyone who likes its size and style.  I wish it was a little smaller, but I can deal with it.  Can't really comment on reception b/c it's the first time I've used this service, but I think it's pretty decent--never got cut off where I should've had reception at least.  All I can say it, if you're not paying monstrous amounts for this phone and you like the style, go for it.

I had AT&T service with the old StarTac cell phone for many years.  I was never happy with either, so I finally switched to T-Mobile and the V300 by Motorola.  What a difference!  I get great reception, no dropped calls, got dropped calls all the time with AT&T, and the price is very good.  Voices are clear and distinct both on my end and on the end of the person I am calling.  Most times they don't even know I am on my cell.  The phone comes loaded with ringtones and a few games to get started.  The voice activated calling works great.  Many of my co-workers and friends have voice activated calling on other cell phones and services, but it hardly ever works for them.  I am very pleased with how user friendly it is too.  Two thumbs up from me.

This is a GREAT PHONE that i just got usedThe only 2 things that i did not like was:1) I HATED THE BUTTONS2) no bluetoothto solve these problems get the v330the buttons ruined everything for methats the only reason why i want it

As you can tell from the other reviews this is a very good phone and well worth the money but IMO undeserving of all those raves.  The reviewers that got poor battery life can be ignored, if they read the manual they would see what they are doing wrong, but there are some fairly stupid, albeit minor flaws in this product that *do* deserve to be mentioned.Motorola's support, in terms of providing clues as to the phones features, is minimal at best.  Their web site is difficult to extract any usefull information out of and the manual that comes with it is a joke.  Several very important features (features that were the reason for me buying this phone like FM Radio reception and MP3 ringtones) are completely not mentioned in the manual or on the web site.  Often the service providers (like in my case Rogers AT&T;), are offering the picture phone service for the first time and are equally unhelpfull as to how to operate the newer features.  In other words be prepared to spend a week on the Internet finding out how to use this phone.As for the design of the phone itself, there are a few major drawbacks. First, there is a  rather idiotic feature called the "smart button" (ironic ain't it?) which cannot be assigned to do anything, but tries to figure out it's assignment based on the last few things you did with the phone.  In other words it is a button that changes it's function all the time so you never quite know what is going to happen when you push it. Great eh?  How this could be considered to be usefull I am at a loss to understand.Second and perhaps worst of all is the phone book application in the phone.  It is better than a lot of such things in other cell phones but far short of even the most basic PIM contacts application.  Considering this is the one application you will be using the most with the phone, I was shocked at how rudimentary and awkward it is.  I thought it was a cruel joke until some of my friends pointed out that other cell phones are "worse", but in my opinion there is just no excuse for it.  It is Baaaad!A minor, (picky?) annoyance is that the screen blacks out after a while to save battery power, but there is no button you can push to "wake it up" again. Any button you push will wake it up, but it will also perform that function.  That is it will send you into an application or switch to another screen etc.  So if you are in the middle of doing something and the screen blacks out you are basically out of luck.Lastly, there is a glitch when you try to access the web in that it will automatically try to hook you up to the server.  If you decide at that point to back out of accessing the web, (cause it costs money) it throws you back to a screen where it automatically hooks you up again.  In other words you are stuck in a loop and the only way out is to turn the phone off rather ungracefully.  I still really like my v300, but I wish I knew all this stuff before I bought it, which is why I posted this (rather substantial) review.

Excellect call quality, good signal strength(Houston). Vibrant colors, good resolution, nice zoom camera, sweet ringtones. Miss IR though. Very good for basic+ feature set and easy to carry.

Well i've had this phone for about 10 months and i probably would NOT get it again if given the choice.  I wanted a camera phone and was initially very excited about this model.... it was new at the time and seemed to have great reviews overall.  I'll cut to the chance with the problems:  FIRST, the volume level on this phone's handset isnt great.  Max volume is "7" and it's not very loud at all.  Try talking to someone in a very crowded place and it'll be very frustrating.  You actually get much louder volume when using a headset. SECOND: my boyfriend has verizon and for whatever reason, whether it's my phone or his or our service or a combination of the two... whever he's on his cell phone and i'm on mine, i have a VERY difficult time hearing him - i'm constantly saying "what did you say" and he winds up calling me on my home phone and i can hear him just fine.  The only time i can actually hear him loud and clear is when he's speaking loud and directly into his mic on his handset - which is very uncomfortable and annoying.  This is extremely frustrating and he claims its my phone because i can hear him fine from my home phone and no one else he speaks with has a problem hearing him - just me.  THIRD: the exterior buttons on the phone are a problem.  When the phone is in my purse, i have on occassion turned off my ringer and set it to vibrate without realizing it - thereby missing calls.....because if the button gets pressed it can change your settings - this can happen easily without you realizing it when it's being carried in your pocket or purse. FOURTH: the camera really takes crappy pics - grainy and in less than perfect light, forget it - in a slightly dim room you'll never get a shot.... you need daylight to get anything worth sending and even then the detail will stink. FIFTH: i have had the phone just go blank and i'll have to remove the battery and put it back in again to "reset" it - it's usually after i try to go into a particular mode too soon after being in a different mode - almost like the phone was still processing the first info and got overloaded and shut down.  I have NEVER had a call drop though as some other reviewers have claimed.  I think my phone does time out after several hours - i have stayed on the phone with my boyfriend all night while we were sleeping (we're so romantic.. lol) and i always wake up with the call dropped after a few hours - ..... no bif deal though.  Lastly, the speaker phone isnt very sensitive.  If you were in your car and had the phone on your lap its fine but you cant walk around the room or go 20 feet away and talk.... ESPECIALLY if you are both using your speaker phone functions - forget it.  Although i dont like their styling as much, i have found nokia phones to be a LOT BETTER with the issues i have mentioned than motorola.

I am sorry to see such bad reviews for this phone because I bought it over a month ago and it has been great so far. However, the service i'm using is not T-Mobile so maybe it's the wireless provider.The things I love about this phone are the relatively good picture quality, ability to download stuff,animations for text messaging and the recall feature when your call doesn't get through. I like all the features though. Plus it's real easy to find the applications you want to use. So far I haven't had a problem with the screen or ring tones.The bad thing about is that it's hard to change the face when you're tired of seeing blue all the time. Plus, so many people are buying this phone I'm seeing it everywhere I go!

Ive had T-mobile for 2 years and had the v300 for a year now. All of these reviews about dropping calls in full signal and the phone rebooting itself must be a result of poor handling, because my v300 has only dropped 2 calls, and that was when there was no signal.I use my phone a lot, I talk on it about 5 hours a day and I have had zero problems. So before you talk about haw crappy this phone is, look at how well youve been taking care of it.

This is the best phone that i have used. It has best color display of all the available phones. Easy to use and loads of features to use. Pictures taken with the inbuilt camera  are really nice and clear also has 4X digital zoom, but you cant replace digicams for it... Compatible software allows you to transform ringtones and pictures to phone from computer and vice versa.Great buy go ahead with it.

Phone seems ok thus far, buttons slightly strange.  Screen is bright, camera ok.  One concern is that I can't get the phone to auto update on the time -- which is fine if you don't travel -- but if you do then you'll have to manually update the time on your phone to account for time zones.  If anyone has figured out how to make it do this, please e-mail or post - thanks!

- Clear and clean display with easy to Setup and Use software (lots of very helpful features for number management)- Excellent Camera# Picture are clear and bigger compared to other phones# 3 Zoom Options# Brightness can be adjusted on the fly# Option for Picture Email with Voice file (Very cool freture to send pictures with voice messages to any email address)- Awesome speaker phone (polyphonic speaker)# Can be used as a conference phone on a docking station chargerMust have accessories: Data Cable, Charger with analog clock, Software, and Blue Clip phone holder.

I lose more calls on this phone. Switched to Sony and not one dropped call.

I just got this phone about 2 months ago. I love the features and how it works. I almost always have a good signal and it is so fun. It is neat looking and easy to use. Although the talk and end button are the opposite as on a Samsung phone, so needless to say I hung up on a lot of people after I first got it. Hope you buy this phone its great.

I do not recommened this phone.  The phone disconnected my calls everytime I talked more than 20 minutes.  I knew 2 other people that this happened to on their V300 phones.  I paid $200 when this phone came out, what a waste!

I was a Nokia user prior to this phone - and I only keep a cell phone - never a land line for my calls. This does mean I'm using the phone more than the average user, but if a phone is worth the money, it is going to be durable, dependable, and stand up to regular daily use.I researched this phone for the features I wanted prior to purchasing through T-Mobile. This was in December 2003, when the phone had just been released on the market.  My first model was sufficiently satisfying while I was learning about all the new features - such as the color display, voice activated dialing, picture caller ID, camera with zoom, etc.The battery life was never a problem because I charge my phone every night regardless of use. And I followed the instructions to let the phone charge for 24 hours prior to first use.As time passed and I took pictures and changed the appearance of the phone (it has customized backgrounds similar to those in Microsoft operating systems) my phone became slower and started to malfunction.I would be in a regular city setting and lose my signal and the phone would not pick up the signal again. I would have to power off and turn it back on to get it to re-establish a signal.Also, while utilizing the alarm function, I discovered that despite powering the phone completely off, any enabled alarms will still activate themselves. This was quite frustrating as I expected that turning the phone off would cease all calls, alarms, and everything. As the alarm continued to sound, I attempted to silence it and disable the alarm. But the phone essentially froze and I would have to pull the back cover off, remove the battery, reinsert, and power on the phone and then disable the alarm before turning the phone back off. This has happened on several occasions.I moved to San Francisco with this phone, and despite the presence of T-Mobile service in both locations where I've had the phone, whenever I'm in CA, my phone displays the Cingular Wireless banner. This could be a T-Mobile issue, but it is pertinent to this phone because only T-Mobile provides service for this phone currently.I had the phone replaced by T-Mobile a few months ago, and all the same problems are starting to happen.The signal dropping problem has only become worse in San Francisco. I use the public transportation system here (BART) and my phone drops the signal on the train... which I would expect of any phone. But once I am back on the street, the phone stubbornly says UNREGISTERED SIM and will not allow me to use the phone until it has been powered off and turned back on. I should not have to turn my phone on and off more than once a day - but with these issues, I am turning my phone on/off every few hours it seems.This phone does have a lot of cool features, but it has not been reliable or dependable by any means. When you are spending money on new technology, I urge you to look at the pros/cons before making your decision. If you're not paying for this phone (i.e. rebates make it free) then give it a try. But I would recommend spending your hard earned dollars on a phone that has a better track record than this.

I have been using this phone about 3 weeks and I love it. I find it OK for my type of usage. Took a family plan. T-Mobile customer service is excellent. They ported my old number within minutes when I was on phone with them and for the other phone they gave me list phone numbers from which I choose a number which is easy to remember.

I recently switched wireless phone companies because I had been having some issues with my old provider, and because the ability to port numbers over to other carriers became available.  As such, I was forced to purchase a cell phone that would be compatable with the service of my new company, T-Mobile.  After researching tons of different cell phone brands online (Samsung, Nokia, etc.), I finally decided upon the Motorola V300 . . . and boy am I glad that I did.This phone is fantastic, and offers some of the lastest technological advances in wireless devices.  A few of it's best features include:1.  Full color LCD screen2.  Illuminated, external caller ID and clock (perfect for movietheatres)3.  Plastic-coated, scratch-resistant exterior4.  Voice activated dialing5.  Hands-free speaker phone6.  Digital camera7.  Text messaging with iTap option8.  AOL instant messaging9.  Internet accessabilityand,10. download capability for lots of different wallpaper andringtones from off of T-Mobile's web site.Additionally, the V300 offers many little extras, making it all the better.  With this phone, one is able to customize screen color (i.e., can choose to have background teal, orange, yellow, etc.), the placement of options within the phone (e.g., icons can be hidden or exposed; messages can be accessed from top, bottom, right, or left of key pad depending upon preference; etc.), and the arrangement of names in the phonebook (i.e., can be either alphabatized or chronologically listed).  Plus, the V300 comes with an alarm-activated datebook and a few demo games as well.  The Motorola guide manuel says that you are supposed to be able to download the full versions of the included games (along with select others) from T-Mobile's web site, although this option dosen't actually exist.  Big deal though; all of the demo games have enough levels anyhow, and that deficiency is the only shortcoming of this phone.  Everything else about the V300 is great, and I certainly wouldn't suggest that one snub it because of it's inability to obtain games via the internet unless he or she is a hard-core player.Furthermore, the V300 is cute and compact, and it comes in a sharp blue/silver color (which is paramount if you value size and appearance).  In short, it is my opinion that this phone is definately worth the money; invest in buying it over some of the other brands, and I promise you that you won't be disapointed.

I just got this phone about 2 weeks ago.  I replaced an aging V60 which I also reviewed here.  Please look back under those reviews for burnsmr4 if you're interested in comparing the reviews.PROSWEIGHT/CONSTRUCTION - This new phone looks plasticky and cheap, but in fact it has a nice size and weight -- sturdier than it appears.  The antenna cannot be broken off, with which I've seen other variations of the V60 (not mine) have problems.SCREEN - The screen is bright and relatively legible.  Default color schemes aren't too cartoony.  The default backgrounds aren't bad either, if you want to run around advertising for T-Mobile.SIM TRANSFER - Setup from an existing phone was fine, albeit a wee annoying.  Transfer all your entries to your SIM card if you already have a T-Mobile phone, but plan on losing things like office vs. mobile # information and voice dialing names.  Also, the SIM card will truncate longer names, so type your entries sparingly before transferring over.  Otherwise, an easy process.SPEAKERPHONE - I'm torn on this, but I give it a pro rather than a con.  Sometimes, the speakerphone can be real tinny sounding.  Most of the time, though, it's OK.  Don't let the person on the other line, though, turn on a speakerphone, or you'll get a weird echo.  A nice feature in lieu of having a hands free headset.OTHER - The camera is a nice "toy," but I have no real use for it.  Included ring tones are decent.  The kit will include a wall charger, international power adapter, and hands free (cheap, though) mic/earbud setup.CONSMENUS - The menus, vs. my monochrome V60 menus, are EXTREMELY slow.  Perhaps it's because of the color screen.  I don't know.  Would be nice to compare it to a higher end V600 to see.  Scrolling through phonebook entries, for example, can be tedious at best.  You wait a good half second between names.VOICE DIALING - The voice dialing appears to be more accurate than on my V60, but the dialing process itself is SLOW as well.  The phone will pull up your voice dial name and sit there for about 5-10 seconds before it dials.  I would think that voice dial would prevent you from having to look at the screen -- a convenience.  Instead, it's an inconvenience because I find myself looking to see if the phone is ever going to dial the voice name I pulled up.BATTERY - Battery life, so far, hasn't impressed me -- it's a Motorola, so what should you expect?  My V60 kept about as decent, if not better, a charge after 2 years of use.  Hope the battery stays where it is now 2 years from now, or it'll be really annoying.GAMES - The built in games suck.  I don't play video games on a cell phone anyway, but if I'm stuck waiting somewhere bored for 10 minutes, I'd rather have a generic blackjack or Tetris-ish game to play without having to buy one online.  Instead, you get a full working demo of...Stuntman?  No thanks.SUMMARYOverall, a nice upgrade from my V60.  Just needs a little speeding up in the menu department and voice dialing, and it would be a perfect phone on the cheap.  I bought mine from T-Mobile, by the way, as Amazon.com hasn't found a way to sell cheap "upgrade" phones to existing customers.  Thankfully, it was on sale from the T-Mobile website for new subscribers, and I was offered the same "free" V300 deal over the phone as an existing customer.

I've never had an issue with this phone.  With T-Mobile, yes.  With the v300, no.  It's great.  It's reliable.  It charges just fine (very quickly actually) and it holds a charge forever (at least when you get it.  Afterall, all batteries die eventually).  It's also managed to survive being dropped about a hundred times (When choosing between dropping the phone and dropping my toddler, the phone always loses).Anyway, I don't know why the reviews for the v300 seem so negative.  The phone is great in my opinion, as are its cousins.  I have several friends with v550 from Cingular, and they have had no problems with that phone either.T-Mobile is a whole other issue.  I've had some complaints about their servers dropping my MMS messages, in other words, my picture messages sometimes vanish without ever reaching their destination, but that would remain true with any camera phone they issue, so it can't really be used agains this phone in particular.All in all, I say if you like T-Mobile (I still do after 2 years, despite the few glitches I've had), then this phone is a great buy as long as you don't need bluetooth.  If you do, you'll have to spend an extra hundred bucks or so on a v600 instead.UPDATE:  I am editing this review on 7/20/05 to say that all was not well with my v300 afterall.  The phone apparently has a known defect where, like mine, the ear piece begins to die.  The only way I can now hold a conversation is over speaker-phone.  Thankfully, it's a problem so common, that T-Mobile is shipping me a replacement and taking back my old one without conditions.  The phone has a 1-year warranty from Motorola so I guess this happened just in time.  I just hope my new phone won't go out like this one has.

I am very disappointed in this phone, as well as Motorola.  This phone worked fine for several months.  Then the problems started.  Minor things, like the phone freezing up, and having to constantly disconnect the battery to correct it.  The latest problem is the inability to hear anyone who calls you, and the caller cannot hear you.  To resolve this matter you must put the phone on speaker phone.  Also the phones time is off by over an hour, and cannot be corrected.  This Motorola phone, like many other Motorola phones is a piece of junk.  Do not buy it. As a matter of fact don't buy any Motor la cell phones.  Also T Mobile refuse to do anything to assist me, all they want to do is sell me a new phone, and have me sign a new contract.  They certainly don't seem interested in retaining customers.

I tried to purchase mine from a T-Mobile rep about 4 weeks ago. He claimed he was the only person in town who could get his hands on this phone and that I should be gratefull that he was trying to obtain one for me. What a joke. He jerked me around until I finally cancelled my order with him and bought it elsewhere.So far I've been fairly happy with mine. The display on the front and on screen are really fantastic. Some of the ring tones aren't quite as loud as I'd like and if you have it in a jacket pocket, you might miss a call.The volume while talking isn't as loud as some other phones I've owned either.I have only had mine for a week and so far it has froze up on me once. I couldn't get it to responde to any keys or commands. It wouldn't even shut off until I removed the battery. If it happens again, I'll bring it in for servicing or demand a replacement.Still, it has the best options for the money and it's in extremely high demand. Very attractive phone and should make other cell users envious if that's your goal.

This phone focuses on being easy to use as a phone and I LOVE that.  I have another cell for work, a Nokia with a flip-open fullsize keyboard gimmick, but that other one is not an easy to use phone, like the V300!If you're looking for a camera, I'd go buy a camera instead.  But if you're in the market for a great phone, here you go.P.S. I was able to talk T-Mobile down to $50 for a pair of these phones with only a 1-year contract.

I am so surprised with my phone. I got it today 2:00PM, and I found right away no one can call me. Soon, the soft keys are not working (the upper right and left) at all!. This is driving me nuts. This is not finished; now I can not call anyone (the phone keeps calling but does not connect) and can not use the camera (it says: busy,please try again). I don't what is wrong. Want to cry.

I was having a Samsung 225 before this one, I definitely liked v300 much much better than my old one. The reception with t-mobile is pretty good, battery life is much better, camera is awesome. But the most amazing feature which was not listed on amazon.com when I purchased it was its Alarm Clock. Alarm clock works like MS Outlook  Calendar, it has a snooze feature and u can snooze it, for geeky people like me this is what I need and I am using it more often as alarm clock or meeting reminder than cell-phoneI have experienced drop calls after exact 11 mins on weekends (as mostly thats when I use my phone) at my home after 5 months of service and t-mobile had told me its a problem with the area I am in and they are building "towers" which I suspect is not the case. What I fail to understand is why this happens only sometimes and not always and I dont agree with the other users that this is a Motorola V300 problem. t-mobile customer service is very fast in responding to issues but they r very pathetic in understanding the root cause of problem, I strongly feel that it has something to do with more users per switch and they have so much of load that they are not able to handle so many calls at a time.I have successfully used V300 to make calls lasting more than 1 -2 hrs and there doesnt seems to be any issue with the handset, its t-mobile which is screwed up!! I am just waiting for 1 yr contract to be over to switch my plan and till then I have no option but to live with t-(not)mobile.2 stars for the handset, 0 to t-(not)mobile!!!

This phone was purchased with the T-Mobile plan to replace a Nokia phone with AT&amp;T.  I changed phones and service because my old phone could not get reception inside of buildings.  I chose the V300 due to the external antennae.  I have had the phone for two weeks now and I have been very pleased.  The reception is a bit tinny sometimes, but overall I have not had any problems with dropped calls.I text message quite frequently and the phone offers you two choices for writing your text.  The first is an intuitive text entry method where the phone guesses the words that you are trying to type and displays them on the screen for you to choose.  This method is supposed to save time, but I have not yet gotten the hang of it.  The second method is the tried and true press each button for each letter method.  My only problem with the phone is that the buttons are not the same shape and are spaced apart which makes text messaging a bit trickier at first.  Plus the numbers and letters which are written on the buttons are very light and I often have to shift the angle of the phone in order just to read the buttons.  The light text might also be an issue for someone with vision problems.Overall, I would recommend this phone.  The only reason why I gave it four stars instead of five is because I think that Motorola needs to darken the text on the buttons for those users who like to text message or who have vision problems.

This is a handy and cute phone. Impressive color display. Clear polyphonic ring tone. Easy-to-use bulit-in camera. But  only when you  would want to delete the contacts, delete the unwanted saved pictures, the 'delete' function was hiding somewhere hard to be found. Speaker phone worked well but the signal is not that great. Is this because it's a flip phone? Voice can be heard better when using headset though. Anyway, this phone is definitely a good pick when compared to its price.

I work for t-mobile and hand over fist these are one of the coolest camera phones out no doubt. I also am getting a e715 but these do have a good battery life and awesome reception. Although i love the e715 by samsung better if u dont have alot of $$$ to spend and want a camera phone dont hesitate these phones are a rarity.

I got this phone after having the T720i for the past year.  The built in camera is great and even has a 4x zoom and a small &quot;mirror&quot; next to it so you can take pictures of yourself.  The screen is very clear and bright, and even the large type on the outer screen is better than most.  This phone is easy to use if you're already used to Motorola since many of the features are similar.  Some things I like are the games, ringtone quality, contrast and brightness of the display, voice recording and dialing, and the sturdy case which will not scratch easily!  Good job, Motorola!

This phone has great features and all but I don't know if it's amazon phones or what.  Within 20 days from getting this phone the front screen went blank on us.  So we got a replacement.  three weeks after that, the large front screen went blank and the keypad did not work.  So we called and got our last replacement from amazon, u can only exchange three times.  I ask the guy and he said all the phones are brand new.  Well we don't abuse our phone at all.  We use it just to call home when one of us are out.  Never dropped it or anything.  It just dies on u.  Well the third replacement after a month went blank on us and the keypad don't work. So know we are stuck with a nonworking phone.  So becareful when you order this phone.

I got this phone less than three months ago. The antenna has broken, it drops calls, and worst of all, it rings without any sound or vibration. It's never on silent or vibrate. I hate this phone so much. The camera quality is even bad compared to the samsung phones offered by Sprint PCS.

I have had t mobile HI for 4 years, some of which has been letting our contract go.  finally, after beggiin and threatening to leave, they gave us a "deal" on these phones,  which was 4 years after getting our original phones from them, of which we had onl;y recently started having problems.  I love this phone, but, within 6  weeks the screen just died anbd all capability died with it.  T-mobile  grudgingly sent a replacment, which died (dsame  screen issue) within a  week.  Next one  has  been fine.  I do not  beleive anyone who says its a "care" issue--ours hav all been treated the same, so it is odd that two  new of this particular model; died with bad screen in weeks of use, but our others lasted 4 years!!!

Myself and my wife have both had a V300 for over a year now and it is a great phone. It is reliable and takes a beating! I say that as we have two young children who always manage to get their hands on our cell phones, and needless to say they have taken some abuse and have never broken!The receiption is great. Menu's could do with some improvement, but the camera and picture taking ability makes up for an areas that are lacking.However, if you're looking for a phone with all the bells and whistles, the V300 isn't for you, but if you need a phone that's sturdy then this is for you.

I must admit that I'm rather happy with the performance of my phone. Most complaints that I would have are in the realm of T-Mobile's service, not the phone. It's got a great setup, good options and good funcitonality for the most part. The keys have been the only thing to really bother me on any level. Sometimes, you can punch buttons on the side while its in your pocket and change the ringer style. Sometimes, the upper navigational keys have also acted a little squirrelly. On the whole though, it's been a great little phone.

This is just an incredible phone. I got it through Amazon with T-Mobile's service. I will try to go into this phone with as extensively as I can, based on my personal use.First about the phone. As a company, Motorola has been in the wireless business for a long time. Before they had cellphones, they had pagers. Before that, walkie-talkies. They know what a good phone should be, and they've definately shown that here. Their flagship V60 series was king of the cellphones for a while, but then it lagged behind other companies for a long time when they came out with color phones with competitive features. Their T720 series didn't do so hot. Motorola really is coming back, though, with the V600 line of products (this includes the V300, sister to the V600). The V300 is special in this series since it is the only one with an uniquely soft cover that feels great to the touch. Filled with an appealing combination of features (I'll list them below), the V300 (especially through Amazon) is really an unbelievable phone for the money.After I received the phone and absolutely loved it, I was quick to purchase a data cable for very cheap (including overcharged shipping prices) on eBay. With the help of Howard Forums (do a search on Google, you'll find them) I was able to find free wallpapers, ringtones, and games and transfer them from my computer to my phone FREE via the data cable. The same goes for downloading pictures I took to my computer. This made my phone, not only the envy of my friends, but also my favorite little toy since my digital camera purchase. :)Features I love:- Soft cover, comfortable to hold- Great call quality- Big and high-resolution screen (better than most out there)- Screen supports alpha blending (transparency)- SEVEN customizable buttons- Improved phonebook with multiple viewing options- Quality ringtones, both MIDI and MP3 (Dido's &quot;Thank You&quot; MP3 for my ring? Heck yeah!- Huge 5 MB shared storage between pictures, rings, and games- Best speakerphone I've ever used on a wireless phone- Improved alarm clock system (set up to 5 different alarms, with the ring of your choice!)- Good battery life (but I also recommend getting a car charger if you're on the road a lot)- Speed dialing- Improved iTAP predictive text feature for easy text entry- Sort phonebooks entries, ringtones, pictures and wallpapers into distinct categories- Ringer ID (different rings for different people/groups)- Switching ring styles (loud, vibrate, silent, etc) without having to open phone- Useful, uniquely blue outer display- View minutes and text usage online with T-Mobile- With data cable: free wallpaper, ringtone, and games transfer- With data cable: free pictures download from phone to PCFeatures neutral to me, but still cool to have:- Better-than-average VGA-level camera- Picture ID (Assign a picture to display when a certain friend calls)- Useful calendar with month-view and week-view- Easy to use calculator- AOL Instant Messenger client built-in (uses text messages)- Voice dialing- Voice memo- Tri-band world phone- Potentially free HTML browsing with WebViewer software from ReqWireless (since T-Mobile gives you free basic WAP service), or some other third-party HTML browserFeatures I didn't like, or wish it had:- Sometimes phone seems a little slow, but this is just minor nip-picking- Wish it had Bluetooth or infrared- Better phonebook search system (can only search by first letter of name)- Wish it had an integrated flash for the camera- Antenna stub (I prefer internal antennas)Arguable features, depending on personal preference:- Color of the phone- Size of the phone (3.50&quot; x 1.93&quot; x 0.98&quot; / 89mm x 49mm x 25mm)- Weight of the phone (4.30 oz / 122g)- Unique alternating keypad button shapes- Built-in ringtones (not bad, but could be better in my opinion)- Menu system (I think it's great, but some don't)As you can see, as far as my usage is concerned, this phone is pretty much perfect, deserving its full five stars.Next, since you'll probably be purchasing this phone with T-Mobile's service, let me tell you about T-Mobile. I came from a respectable local company called SureWest that offered me unlimited California calling, but no roaming outside of the great Sacramento area. Now I am on T-Mobile's 3000 minute local plan for $50 a month, which allows me to roam and call California and Nevada cheaper than what I was paying with SureWest. I love it! I also used to be a Verizon Wireless store manager, and although they are nationally number one in quality, they are relatively expensive minutes-wise compared to T-Mobile. I can tell you that T-Mobile also has very good in customer service. See for yourself: just give 1-800-T-MOBILE a call, 24-hours a day, if you have questions about their service, even before you buy the phone. I've called a billion times with questions before and after I got the phone, and I've got to say, they are the most courteous telephone customer service agents I have ever talked with. EVER. Not just in the wireless business.As far as call quality goes, mine is EXCELLENT. I live Davis, just outside of Sacramento. Only one dropped call this month, and I am pretty sure it was from the other end of the line. However, with my experience in the wireless field, I recommend going out and checking out T-Mobile's quality IN YOUR AREA before you buy. If you have a friend with T-Mobile, borrow the phone for a while and test out the service. If not, go to a store and test out a T-Mobile phone. A nationally top-ranked service and a phone with great call-quality potential is useless if it does not work well in YOUR local area.I hope the extensive review helps you in choosing a phone and wireless plan, and remember, the best phone for you is not necessarily the one with the most features, but instead one with all the features you will actually use. :)

The phone is great! but the service provided by T-mobile is horrible! I kept having drop calls! Calling to other service is worst! every 10 mins I get a drop call! All my friends using T-mobile is experiencing this. To keep customers they should improve the service.

This is the worst mobile i have ever bought. It automatically ends my call as per it's wish. Though it has got all the good accessories, simply it does not work.

Pros:1. The phone has an integrated camera2. Loud speakerphone3. Great backlight4. Great display options5. Great ringtone options (MP3) equipped6. Rubber-ized exterior for good grip7. Comfortable talk mode8. Doesnt become hot after talking long (unlike certain Nokias)9. Great fliptop with external caller ID and clock display  which lets you see a number before having to open the phone10. Amazon customer serviceCons:1. Battery life, in the beginning is bad, but over time becomes better2. I havent had any trouble with software crashes3. Software is difficult to maneuver and certain things take too many steps4. Menu is confusing5. Camera is reasonable quality (VGA)

I happen to own this phone since its launch back in Nov2003.. Its an excellent piece with all necessary functions and cool looks!! The reception is also good with T-Mobile service. No IR/Bluetooth is compromise. Apart from all the goodness the phone does have a small bug - It rings once after a successful call and sometimes leaves a missed call message. I have seen this problem in more phones than mine.. so just be aware of this!! I would still rate this phone as A+ and would highly recommend it!!

I did a lot of research before upgrading my dead Samsung phone.  I really liked the look and features of the Motorola V300, such as speaker phone, camera with 4x zoom, color display, and I love the cobalt blue soft material the outer shell is made with.When I got it home I found that my camrea didn't work.  It would stretch and blur the photos, totally distorting the image.  Neither text nor picture messages would send.  The delay on ANYTHING you try on the phone is several seconds.  The call and end buttons were on the *wrong side* which is just a personal irritation.  When you press any button chances are it wouldn't 'take' and it would have to be pressed again pretty hard for the phone to get the command.On the plus side the speaker phone was crystal clear, great bright screen, and again I love the exterior.I played for two weeks and sent the phone back.  Overall I just don't like what Motorola had to offer, and I will be returning to Nokia or Samsung.

This phone is great. The screen is spectacular. Downloadable games from sites like Gameloft.com are a great addition. The only downside is GSM. Unfortunately since GSM is still in its infancy it has nothing compared to the coverage of CDMA or TDMA but with no less than 3 roaming partners the coverage area will do nothing but grow. Still, if you live out in the middle of nowhere stick with the c/tdma.

Overall this phone really can't be beat. I have had it over a year and dropped it in swiming pool. Dried it out and it kept going.I drop it at least 2 times each day. Pictures are fun and not bad quality. The only draw back to it is that it DOES reset itself (reboots)at least once a day. Other then that it's great.

I also bought this phone right when it came out and spent about $180 on it even though I was a T-Mobile customer for years by then. Two years later and I've finally gotten so fed up with it that I had to get a new phone. My phone's demise was that I couldn't hear anyone anymore. It started off as a small problem about a year ago...I couldn't hear people on select calls and it was only for a few seconds before the sound kicked in. Now, I can only hear someone if I put them on speaker phone.When I first got the phone, I had a lot of issues with it freezing. I called Customer Service, and they informed me that it was because I downloaded ringtones off of their website and my phone couldn't handle that. They wanted to completely wipe out all of the ring tones and pictures I had on my phone and reset it, after I had spent the money to purchase the ringtones off of their site. They finally agreed to give me a credit for the ringtones I had purchased before wiping them out. That seemed to clear up the problem, but then I had to use one of the phone's undesirable ringtones.Also, when using the camera feature, I would often have a big red dot in the center of my picture. I thought it was the lense, but, I took it to a T-Mobile store, and they told me that there was something wrong internally with the phone and I needed to contact Motorola. Of course, they told me I probably had something on my lense, so I just stopped using the camera part of the phone since my year warranty was up.When I called T-Mobile to get a new phone, they informed me that I had gotten a DEAL (spending $180 on a phone for it only to last 2 years) because it lasted a year longer than the manufacturer thought it would last.Overall, I would not reccommend getting this phone. While I put up with the problems for a while because I spent so much on it, it absolutely was NOT worth it.

I bought this phone in January when I was trying to find a quality picture phone for my job. From the many online reviews I had read, the V300 seemed to fit the bill. Well, I would not recommend buying this phone for its picture taking capability, as I find it to be well below average. I did not realize just how poor the picture quality was until my brother-in-law visited and we compared phones. He has a Samsung VGA1000 picture phone with Sprint PCS. The picture quality difference in these two phones is like night and day. The Samsung phone pictures are much sharper and have better color than the V300. I also find the speakerphone function of the V300 frustrating, as you cannot activate it until a few seconds after the other party answers, not when it starts ringing. If you are looking to buy this phone for picture quality, I would suggest looking elsewhere.

I have had Motorola V300 for three months now and recently bought a Siemens SL55 to replace it. V300 looks nice and has numerous features, but the main use of the cell phone should be, well, to talk to others, right? This is virtually impossible with V300 because it drops every single call after 12-13 minutes. If you continue calling back and talking to someone, the call drop time reduces to 10, then nine minutes. It's extremely annoying and I find it impossible to have a business-related conversation (sure, my brother understands that the conversation is going to cut off and I'll call him back when it does, but it doesn't seem very professional to start a conversation with a client with "My phone cuts off, so when that happens, please be patient, I'll call you back. Or to try to hurry and finish your conversation before the time your V300 gave you runs out).

After owning 2 Nokia's I decided to give Motorola a try. I did not have any problems with my Nokia's but I was looking for a relatively inexpensive flip-phone so I bought the V300. I have had the phone for one year and overall it is a good phone.Pros:-Many ringtones to choose from-Easy-grip blue coating-Speakerphone-Good batteryCons:-There is a slight delay when pressing some of the keys-The camera takes average pictures--would be better with a flash-The easy-grip blue coating I mentioned above recently started to peel offIf you are not looking for a super-duper phone with *wow* features then this is a good phone to have. Good for your average user, not someone who is heavy on text-messaging, pictures, or games.

This is my third and by far the best phone I have ever owned.  It has a lot of features such as voice dialing, speakerphone, alarm, calculator, camera which is great quality compared to other phones, as well as very vibrant colors, great ring tones, and an easy to navigate menu.  A lot of people also complain about reception.  I had a Sony Ericsson with T-mobile for 1 year before this phone, and when I got this phone the reception almost doubled I was very surprised since so many people were saying that the reception is bad.  Also many people complained about the battery life, I don't think the battery life is bad, I usually charge my phone once every 2 or  3 days which is not a lot.  The only negative thing about this phone that I can say is it does not have an infra red port, which is not a big deal, but it would be good if it had one.  Overall this is a great phone and I recommed it to anytbody that is looking for a great phone, especially at this price.

I ended up ordering 1 phone from Amazon (Nokia 6610) and getting the V300 at a local shop (Family Plan). Too bad for Amazon they can't get anymore in stock!My views on this phone are on the phone itself, as coverage varies by location.This is by far the BEST phone I have ever used. I've checked out the E715, and liked the feel of the V300 over it. My co-worker has the E715 and I am VERY happy I picked this one. Menu navigation is a snap, and the screen is absolutely GORGEOUS. The speakerphone is one of my favorite features as well.This phone is great in just about every way. And on top of that, Motorola includes a sweet little holster to go with it.I was lucky that a local retailer sells this phone for $50 after $100 rebate, cheaper than the T-mobile.com site. Sure would've like to have gotten it here tho!

The Motorola V300 combines many of todays popular features, and has rolled them into a nice package and improved on many of the traditional motorola functions.The phone has excellent sound reproduction, excellent signal reception characteristics, a camera that while still being a phone-camera is nonetheless much better than the Sony Ericsson T610 camera and also has much more memory for storing pictures.Motorola has greatly improved their predictive text iTAP feature as it can now remember words, and in addition has added a stand-alone alarm clock with snooze feature.  The screen is fantastic and offers rich colors and easy to see in all light conditions.The phones exterior has a &quot;rubbery&quot; feel which is odd at first, but i've found it extreamily useful in holding the phone and not having it slip out of my hands and also in keeping it from sliding off surfaces like a table or the car dash, etc...My only complaints is that TMobile removed the POP3 and IMAP functions, however you can send and receive email in the form of SMS to/from your @tmomail.net address, and secondly the phones lacks wireless data connections via BlueTooth or InfraRed, but for the price i can't complain too much!In addition, the phone lacks the traditional motorola status light, but thats no big deal.I've found the battery life to be exceptional.  Some users report battery problems but i suspect that is due to improper battery initial charges.  When &quot;fully&quot; charged overnight, the battery gives excellent talk time and adequate internet usage time.The phone is tri-band for intl users, and comes with intl plug converters.With TMobile service this is as close as you'll come to having it all!All in all i'm very happy with my purchase.  Way to go motorola!

I got this phone yesterday and I'm in love with it.  Nice little thing to carry around.Insert the SIM card, and in 2 mins I had my new cell phone number sent to me via text message from T-Mobile!!  The phone is activated as soon as you turn it on!  Excellent feature.I did not give the 5th star.1) Half of it is because of the keypad.  I din't like the keypad (my hands are big) and I felt they are smaller than my SCP 4900 sprint phone.2) The other half is because, the camera is blocked once you attach the headset. (I always use headset).  Forget about using the camera with the headset on.I love the picture phone directory.

I like this phone very much. It's size and weight are great for a cameraphone.  My only complaint is that within a week of receiving it, with very little use, the silver paint on the sides of the phone began to chip off of the plastic surfaces of the phone.

The phone is okay. I dont like its directory. It duplicates names. Its very slow otherwise to load, to call etc.  Wouldn't recommend it.

I see a lot of negative reviews here.  I read a lot of them and it almost convinced me not to get this phone, but I got a good deal, and couldn't find another phone that didn't actually cost $400+ that didn't have a lot of bad reviews also.  Seriously now, I now recommend you should discount most of the negative reviews, I guess usually only people with bad experiences bother to write one.  So here I am, trying to balance hundreds of terrible reviews with my experience.  I have had this phone with Tmobile for a month now.  Not a single dropped call.  With my Sprint Samsung phone, it wouldn't run more than 5 minutes without a drop.  The sound quality is stunning.  People are much louder than on my Sprint phone also, I turn the volume down and can actually HEAR what people are saying.  The external speaker is AMAZING.  I never expected to be able to listen to MIDI and MP3 ringtones with such clarity, I assumed it would sound tinny and small--but no, very good range.  The display is top-notch.  Absolutely the best phone performance, quality, and featureset I could have ever expected to get.  My ONLY complaint is that the phone directory lists a name for every phone number, so if you enter Joe and assign three numbers to that name, say, home, cell, and work, then when you scroll through the phonebook, you see three lines, Joe, Joe, Joe.  On my sprint phone, you would see one Joe, select him, then use the left and right buttons to scroll through his three different numbers.  Not so here, you have to just squint to see the little bitty icon that's supposed to denote which number this Joe is.  That needs improvement, but outside of that minor annoyance, this is one of the greatest phones around.I can't imagine what the deal is with all of the negative reviews, especially the ones that criticize the speaker quality or reception.  And as far as the charging issue, those folks must not have been pressing the little release button on the charger to disconnect it from the phone.  It has a spring-locking mechanism that makes connecting the charger foolproof--but if you just yank it out without pressing the button, I can see how you might break it so that it wouldn't connect well later--but on the other hand, if you throw it down on the driveway then run over it with your car, it might drop calls and start sounding poor then also.  Then they write a review ripping the quality.  The charger design is not at all at fault, again I compare to my Sprint phone (with which I had no charger problems) this charger connection design is far superior, mechanically.

i love this phone it has great futres an excellent camera,great text messageing EVREYTHING!!!! it has a good digital clock itsa great phone get it MAN!!!!!!!!!!

I bought the motorola v300 phone because it said it was a triband. It may be but you can only use it in the states with tmobile. Im in the military and I had to go back stateside and activate it and when I returned overseas,(where I spend most of my career) it doesnt work. i have a phone I bought almost 3yrs ago in Italy and although it is alot bigger and it doesnt have all the new features and all the gadgets....it works all over the world when I put a different chip in. The phone I bought is motorola and it is for a network called "TIM" which is over here in Italy...it still works all over the world. I have even gone to another country and before I bought a chip for that country...it picked up a network as soon as I turned the phone on in the airport. The T-Mobile Motorola V300 is a ripoff.

I normally do not write reviews but when I saw this one I could not resist. I have signed with T-Mobile for two line family plan sometime last April and I selected V300 for me and Nokia for my wife. V300 was working fine for couple of months and one day for no reason it went dead. This is when my problems started. I ordered replacement phone on 6/21 and to this day it did not arrive. For the first two weeks it was backordered. Finally it was shipped. For some unknown to me reasons T-Mobile used DHL for shipping but DHL uses USPS for home delivery. Somewhere between DHL and postal service the package with the replacement phone mysteriously disappeared without a trace.  After spending couple of days calling T-Mobile, USPS and DHL another replacement phone was ordered. Again it was backordered for two weeks. When I told T-Mobile that I just want another phone whether it is V300 or something else it does not matter to me any more they told me that my only option is to buy another phone. On the top of this I was informed if I stop paying monthly bills for the phone that I cannot use they will charge me $400.00 for early termination ($200.00 per each line). If you are ready for some black comedy personal experience, go ahead and place your order. Too bad I can not enter negative infinity for rating.

Let me be plain:It's well made. It's pretty. It's a motorola. It's a flip phone. This is why I bought it...to replace a work motorola that I liked and had to give up.The issue is with the interface. The interface sucks. It sucks time and effort and it sucks up any convenience that this could provide. A friend got a similar Motorola which was all business, and I'm envious. Even voice access does not make up for the complexity. When you have a phone, it should work like a phone on the primary level....this device suffers from it's own complexity. And I'm over the low-res camera. I realized I was getting more than I required, but I'm disappointed in how well the additional functions integrate into the control system. Buy simple, and functional. A phone is about convenience and communication.

The first phone I got just stopped working after a week. The whole display went blank. T-Mobile wanted to send me a REFURBISHED phone after only a week and I had to go through at least 10 customer service people and never did get satisfaction so just returned the phone and canceled my service (it was over a year, so I did not get penalized). I then had to change numbers and did get a new phone with the new number. This phone worked fine for exactly 11 months at which point it started to lose volume every so often when I was talking on the handset. The speaker phone and headset worked fine, but then the headset stopped working too. I called to complain, but I was out of warranty by one month and T-mobile would not replace it without my having to pay $70.It was a fine phone prior to these problems (after I got the new replacement). I have seen several complaints on the web regarding this problem but T-Mobile claims that it is not a "known" issue. Other people on this site have complained about exactly this problem as well as CNET - there is a whole thread there about just this issue. I brought it to the attention of the service reps I contacted, but they claim there is no issue. It seems spotty - you either get a good one or you don't.

The fact that I am on my third V300, simply because the phone company only sends you a completely different model of phone after the THIRD one breaks. Actually.... I'm on my third, and after 2 calls to my phone company complaining about this phone (having a combination of the problems of the 2 previously owned) I have decided to wait until the "upgrade" for lack of patience trying to describe why this phone is a POS.

I have had this peice of garbage for two years...like the first guy I thought I would treat myself to a nice new phone...oops!  Charging issues are never ending, " unable to charge " is what normally (95%) of the time appears on the screen.  I have three chargers...none gets through to the phone on a regular basis!  It is forever dropping calls after as little as two to three minutes due to a complete failure to keep a signal locked in even when stationary with a full signal present.  Nothing I have found fixes the charging issue and T-Mobile will not replace with a different model free of charge to spite several inquiries.  At least it only cost me $150 new!  The camera works great...nothing else does...like the digit 5 on the keypad, either of the two front lcd's I have replaced or the main menu screen that has been replaced once....my advice if you are considering a Motorola V300...RUN AWAY, far and fast!!!

I have had this phone for just under six months and I just had t-mobile send me the 4th replacement...that means this will be my 5th phone in 6 months.  The phone has various problems.* The phone often does not ring, but will show the missed call immediately.* Similar to the complaints from others, my screen will often go black without explanation.  This does not always mean the phone is off, as the screen may reappear after opening and closing a couple times.* The phone I currently have (until the next replacement) has the most annoying metallic buzzing sound in the background of every call.* I can not store custom ring tones without storing the phone number on the phone, therefore I have to make changes before transferring the SIM to each new phone.* The pictures always seem blurry (they were great on the original V300 I bought)* The date book is a pain to useDespite all the problems and hassles that exchanging the phone cause, the phone is fun.  The custom ring tones you can download sound great.  The left side button allows me to quickly not answer a call if in a meeting (or if I just want to avoid the call).Overall, I deeply disappointed with my Motorola phone, but am very impressed with t-mobile customer service.  I will remain with t-mobile but am actively researching other phones.

I recently switched to t-mobile and got this phone, in a hurry.  While I was waiting to port my number, I forgot to give this phone a thorough test ride.  Boy, am I sorry now!The phone has some nice features but has lots of minor bugs.I wanted to give this phone 1 star but gave it 3 since I wanted both optimists (like me, who always want to read good reviews about a product) and pessimists to read this review.Some background first.  I have used several cell phones before getting this one: qualcomm, audiovox, other motorola phones.  So, I am comparing this phone to the ones I have experienced.First of all, the users guide tells you to fully discharge the battery before re-charging.  Since this is a lithium-ion battrery you dont need to do that.  Avoid frequent full discharges because this puts additional strain on the battery. Several partial discharges with frequent recharges are better for lithium-ion than one deep one.Although memory-free, apply a deliberate full discharge once every 30 charges to calibrate batteries because of the fuel gauge.The phone's speaker volume is so low that you have to stick it close to your ear.  And, you have to directly talk into the microphone if you want to be heard. Speakerphone sucks too.  I usually drop the phone on my lap while driving, and nobody can hear me if I do that with this phone.  The ear piece is OK to listen to, while driving.  But the microphone has to be close to your mouth.  This beats the purpose, if you want hands free phone.The phone's menus are hard to use.  Redialling a number is a pain requiring at least 4-5 button clicks.  Phonebook does not have a search feature.  If you store lots of numbers, tough luck finding a number in a hurry.  The buttons on the outside of the phone are not configurable.  You have to open the phone in order to end a call while on speakerphone or the earpiece.  Also, you have to open the phone to recieve calls (unless if you leave it in auto-answer mode).Dialing is slow, as someone already mentioned.  It feels like an antique pulse phone.  I have had calls dropped as well as conversations cut-off mid-sentence, even though the signal indicator indicates full signal availability.  Don't know if this is due to the phone or the t-mobile service.  Others with t-mobile have not complained (they have other phones)...Oh, did I mention that the battery takes ages to charge up.  Plugging into a wall outlet, the battery takes anywhere from 4-5 hours to get full charge.  This again is pathetic compared to other phones (max 2 hrs to recharge).Overall, I am very dissatisfied with this phone.  Would return it without a second thought, if I had a chance.

Just own this phone for a couple of weeks, and I really love it. I used Samsung and Norkia phone before this one. I would rank this one the best among the three I used. Norkia phone is kind old, so it can not even compared with this one, Samsung is good, but overall not as good as this one. This one has much more functions than it, most importantly, it does a better job what a cell phone supposes to do at basic level: call and receive, provides clear conversation. Speakerphone is definitely a plus, volume is loud enough for me. The color screen is very nice, clear and bright. All the buttons and menus on the phone are well designed and easy to use(though the Talk/End keys are in opposite position to my former Samsung phone and it took me a while to get used to it). Text editing is much easier, and it's smart by filling rest of the words automatically. All the advanced features provides even more fun. Camera works fine, get a USB cable and it can communciate with my computer without problem. Motorola mobile phone tool is very handy to use, backup, edit phonebook, download pictures, add more tones, even MP3 music files! So far I am very satisfied with the phone functions and it worked great. T-Mobile's service is also impressive. Signal is very strong in my area(Houston, TX) and stable. I barely had phone call dropped during conversation.However, I only ranked this phone as 4 star for some reasons. First thing, just like a lot of people complained, is the horible battery usuage. The phone indeed is a HUGE battery eater. I don't know it's the phone's problem or the insufficient capacity of the battery, it can only lasts about 2-3 days without charging for very few talking. Basically I recharge it everyday in order to keep it alive, it's too good that I have 4 chargers(Original, travel, car charger and USB cable charger) around. I believe the standby time is much lower than claimed. If you notice, the Amazon.com description has an error about talking time(390 hours???) and standby time(200 hours, I doubt). While my former Samsung phone does much better regarding this. Second, this phone has lots of features, but it's hard to get some help to use them if you are new. The manul is some sort of JUNK. Usually it's not that helpful and it's not organized well, and it's not even complete. The camera is easy and fun to use. But saving image takes a while. Image quality is poor, seems like not focusing right, especially after transporting to computer. It doesn't look like a 640x480 image at all.I do see lots of people online talking about flushing this phone to V600(except Bluetooth feature), I haven't tried yet(This will void the warranty, I believe). But you can see that this phone should have the same quality built as V600 phone. Their design and hardware are the same except V600's Bluetooth capability.Overall, this is a very good quality phone with some catches, a camera phone with speakerphone, it does the basic job and packed with tons of fun staff. Small enough to fit into the pocket and good enough for daily use. Best of all, you can even make $100 though Amazon.com!

I really like the phone.  The fact that it is a flip phone keeps the screen protected from scratching.  It is very small, and takes up little space in my bag or on my belt.The case it comes with is really useful; it includes a belt clip and a small velcro strap that keeps the phone from falling out if the case is turned upside down.The pictures from the camera are decent, but become pixelated very easily if you try to email a close-up (that you have zoomed).

I've had this phone for about a month now. The phone is way better looking than the pictures show. It has enough weight and the texture is grippy so it won't slip out of your hands. The RF is excellent (with user-selectable scanning mode) and, of course, T-Mobile has pretty good coverage in Los Angeles. Both displays (interior and exterior) are remarkably readable in daylight, and the screen is gorgeous.  The menus are fairly snappy and easy to navigate. There are customizable buttons (the smart key, and the 2 soft keys) that make quick access to phone functions.  The earpiece volume could be louder, but voices are remarkably natural-sounding and there is almost no background hiss. The speakerphone is loud and clear, so it's actually useful as opposed to gimmicky.  The camera is fun to use, although I don't care much for it. The only noticeable weakness is the battery life: Standy time is no where near what Motorola claims. I get about 2-4 days between recharges. The phone comes with a soft blue pouch (or case) with a belt clip. It took a while for me to figure out how to get the phone out of that case (hint: don't pull on the antenna). Overall, this phone is joy to use, and it's arguably the best valued GSM phone to date.

I have been a fan of motorola even the T720 with all it's problems it had. But this phone I can actually say I have not had a single problem with. It has plenty of memory space for pictures, games, tones or what ever you want. The camera feature is easy to use, though the pictures are typical CELL PHONE pics with fairly low resolution. I would have liked to delete the T-mobile pictures and links though. Those are non removable and sometimes get in the way when you are navigating through the phone. but other than that no hang ups. The batteries last longer than most color phones so I am pleased that I don't have to carry an extra one like I had to with the T720.

I like the over all features of the phone but I have had problems.1. Mine might be the only one this has happened to but the silver finish started to come off from the first week to the point now where it is completely gone. Moto and T-Mo states that it is normal wear and tear and refuse to replace it.2. After about 20 min. it drops the call no matter how strong the cell site is. (I had the same problem with my V60).3. The connector pins Moto uses to charge the phone weakens and causes the phone not to charge (the V60 also had this problem since it is the same connector). Spreading the pins back out on the phone side with a needle repaired it.4. Once the battery is low, the phone beeps til you charge it so you choices are charge it, or turn it off.5. The belt holster that comes with it, falls off your belt easier than most.Since it drops calls like the last Moto phone I had, I think I will choose another manufacturer next time.
