
I bought this phone from cingular when it first came out. At first I loved it and I wanted to be "cool" like everyone else and have this ultra slim sleek phone. However, shortly after I purchased it, it became very hot, and started to burn my face when I used it. I marched right back to the cingular store and asked what the problem was. They appologized for the phone and gave me a new one, for free. So, Of course Im going to take it and be happy. But I think they gave me a refurbished one! I was very upset, and now I am stuck with it until my plan with cingular is up.Let me tell you why I hate this phone.For some reason, it is having a problem with the real tones (you know, the music tones that are like mp3's and you can hear voices). When people call, every now and then in stead of ringing, I will hear pure static coming from the phones speaker. Then the phone will spazz out and I will have to wait 5 minutes for the phone to act normal again.The battery is terrible. I have to charge this phone at night, all night long. Then in my car, every time I get into my car , the first thing I do is plug my phone in. If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing. The battery life is just plain terrible.Its very fragile, I had to purchase a case for it, because my phone likes to fly out of my hand ! (haha) Its very small, and when it falls, it tends to get chipped. Which makes the phone look terrible.The speaker phone is horrible. When I am in my car, and I put someone on speaker phone, I find my self holding it up to my ear anyway. If a cop pulls me over, he is not going to believe it was on speaker because i was glued to my head anyways, so whats the point !?I dont think it has a very good internal antena. I never had problems with my nokia! This phone has a lot of drop calls, and lately I have been hearing this weird ticking sound. Almost like static, but more annoying!I do not recomend anyone to buy this phone, it is horrible.

I bought this phone in May of 2005. I'll admit, it was mostly for the trend factor. Standing in the store holding it, I was pretty sure I would break it. I had six years of cell phone experience behind me with barely a scratch (well, except that one time it fell out of my pocket), and I was suddenly afraid that in three days, I would be able to overturn everything that Motorola engineers had worked for.Eight months later, I still don't have a single scratch on it. I am notorious for putting it in a sweatshirt pocket when I'm wearing pants without pockets, then when I get out of the car and it falls straight out onto the concrete, skids for a few feet under my car, and then my fumbling rubs it a little more over the rocky surface. It's been opened and closed way too many times, thrown onto couches (and inevitably bouncing back onto the hardwood floor), and the run-ins with concrete are more than I care to count. Despite the fact that the past eight months has made me significantly more clumsy, my phone still looks like the day I bought it.I am also the type of person who doesn't think about my phone once it leaves my pocket. This results in a lot of days in a row without charging. I tend to go between 3-4 days without charging it. I use it regularly during the day, sometimes resulting in 30+ minute phone calls here and there. Unlike past phones I've had, 2 out of 3 bars doesn't necessarily mean you have 10 minutes of battery life left. It is, by far, the best battery I've ever had on a phone. After eight months it still works exactly the way it did when I bought it.My biggest complaint is the volume. I find myself pressing it pretty hard into my ear to hear the person at the other end. I've always had small issues with cell phone volume, but once I put it as high as it will go, I (and everyone else around me, unfortunately) can hear just fine. Cranking up the volume on this one still hasn't done too much for me. Without this issue, I'd be more than happy to give it 5 stars.If you're more interested in a portable camera with phone capabilities, I suggest getting a cheap phone and a more expensive digital camera. It has the image quality that I expect from a phone - but I suspect I'm in the minority of camera-phone users nowadays. When you're outdoors in good lighting, or potentially indoors where it's really bright, you can get recognizable photos at 640x480. And don't let the zoom feature fool you - as you zoom, it decreases the size of the image. So your 160x120 image you get at the 4x zoom really is just a 25% crop of the non-zoomed photo. I'm a photographer, so I usually have a camera with me - but there have been a couple of occasions (such as shopping) when I need someone to see an image right away, so I can click one off, send it to a friend, and get instant gratification. So much faster than taking a photo, going home, emailing it, and having to travel all the way back to the store!While there are lots of bells and whistles on it that I anticipated myself using, I really only use it as it's original purpose - a phone. I make calls, I check voicemail, I rarely use it as a camera, and I now use it in place of my alarm clock. It functions well in all of these settings. In retrospect, I might have saved a little money and bought a different phone. If you just need something to make phone calls, chances are you can find a free (or very cheap) phone that will do the job.The best thing about the shape for me is that I can slip it in a jeans pocket and not look extra bulky. It's slim enough that I still feel relatively comfortable with it in my pocket when I sit down. It's very light. Sometimes when I have it in a jacket pocket, I even panic a little because I don't feel the weight and I'm afraid I don't have it. It's wider than most cell phones - I haven't compared it, but I imagine the full volume of it is more than some of the smaller phones out there. I like the large screen, though. It's easy to see and read, and when I hold it in one hand and dial, it feels comfortable. Even with my small hands, it fits great and I never have any issues. It's easy to flip open with one hand as well.If it wasn't for my personal volume issues, I would give this phone five stars. It's lasted me well, and let's face it, it still looks cool. There are other great phones out there, but I definitely think this one is still a major competitor after over a year of being on the market.

I recently puchased a Motorola V3 RAZR (on march 30 to be exact) today is April 7th and I am going tomorow to change the RAZR for another phone!. Before you consider buying this phone be REALLY SURE!!! I am going to explain why.  Ok, Im only 17 so I had to BEG my mother for like two months to buy this phone since its very expensive but since the phone was "the coolest, and if I didnt have it I would DIE!!" i accept im a bit dramatic but thats is another thing. Well i finally got it, The FIRST thing they told me is: This cellphone does not have an inssuarance so if you drop it, get it wet or anything happens to it you would have to buy another. But since I wanted it so badly i accepted.  Well the phone came defective. When it rings you hear static like when you play something to loud and the speakers get messed up and they kind of vibrate, well since it has no inssuarance I cant do anything.  The system Freezes ALL the time, it also powers off by itself! My call ALWAYS drop!, My internet (GPRS) connection Hardly ever works! and now im stuck with a $450 phone that sucks!  I REALLY DONT RECOMEND IT TO AMYONE....Yes IT IS A COOL PHONE BUT IT IS NOT WORTH ITS PRICE....I ussualy HATE writing this reviews But i thought if I had seen this before i bought it it would have been great since it would have saved me from going thru all of this with such an expensive phone.  It also is a REALLY simple phone...its no big thing apart from its desing! Hope this is helpful for anyone thinking of buying this phone!

This phone has everything one can ask for in a phone and more...great looks, bluetooth, BIG screen with hi resolution, speaker. And surprisingly it fits in the hand perfectly...unlike some other "BRICKS" out there.And for a change, with I am able to get service in my apartment which was a big pain with t-mobile earlier.Few cons though, which made me give it four stars- Foremost, it still has old software...for example, you still cannot store more than one number type in one name...it creates duplicate records. I have heard something about 3D address book...but atleast in Cingular phones it is not available. Plus...not a single fully functional game...only ONE demo (at least from Cingualr)Also, with a phone so expensive...it doesn't come with its CD to synhronize address book etc..you still need to shell out another $30 or so.

I've had this phone for about 6 months now and overall it seems like a good, solid performer. Two things could make this a great phone though. First, the screen is all but impossible to read in anything close to sunlight which makes it dangerous while trying to view in the car. Second, the battery life could be longer. Although it depends on your use, overall it seems to need recharging more often than other phones I've had.

Razr V3 is the latest in the Moto lineup of flips.Pro's,1. It has all the latest features you would expect from a top end 2004 phone.2. Very thin and sleek design.3. Loud volume on the earpeice.4. Nice reception and no external antenna.5. Quad band for use around the world, once unlocked.Con's,1. It costs half a grand!2. Not impressed with the wide size. When put in pocket its large surface area is a hindrance.3. Awkward to hold while talking and also dialing.4. The body material although light and slim is still unimpressive IMO. V60 had much better finish.5. Constant buzz is heard from the screen when making calls.6. Menu system is still very crappy. Not at all intuitive, takes longer to a simple thing.7. No T9 for SMS text messaging.8. Poor camera quality (as is the case with most of the current phones).9. Below par handsfree quality.10. Phone available only with Chingular contract.Motorola has a habit to pricing their new flips way beyond the reasonable range. V60, V70, V600 and now Razr V3. All started in the half grand range and drop to realistic prices when the hype dies. I would say save your money or buy something worth it like an iPod mini and/or a Sony Ericsson/Nokia phone.Edit: As of March 6th its price has already fallen to 190 with new contract. In a few months it will be free, the price its really worth.

Quality of reception = 5 Stars (I have Cingular)Phone key pad = 2 Stars (I feel they need to raise the buttons a millimeter or 2)Ergonomics = 3 stars (it is hard to open with one hand, but it is very thin and for a man this is nice for keeping on the belt)Camera = 5 stars (Has zoom and light and dark settings)Battery life = 4 (this seems to be good so far)I don't know if that averages out to a "3 star" or not, but this phone for all the hype should be better.  I would have also rather of went with Verizon, I cannot stand the on-screen software (not Motorola's fault), it seems like I have to push 16 buttons just to get anywhere. I have not had verizon, but it has to be better.

I'm on my second Razr in three months of ownership. The first one malfunctioned after a day in my pocket, and I had to send it in under warranty. The keyboard was all locked except for the on/off button--I was told by Moto that this is a malfunction that they get frequently. So the first thing I'd mention is little durability. Second, it's a bit buggy and awkward to navigate. For example, if you want to turn your phone on vibrate in a meeting and it is on a ring mode, there is no quick way to do it, and more importantly no silent way to do it. You must click approximately three buttons to go from "Loud" ring mode to "Vibrate" mode, and each click involves a noise equal to the ring setting at the time. So if you're called into a quick meeting at work with your phone in your pocket, and it's not already on silent or vibrate, you either have to embarrass yourself by making noticeable loud technology noise, or you better pray no one calls.Another problem I have had with both Razr's I've owned is the retention of data in games. It came prepackaged with a Golf game, that unpredictably and periodically deletes all settings and progress you've made--I still like the game so I've built up my character a bunch of times, but it would've been nice to be able to keep my character for longer than a week. Another consideration regarding java / gaming apps is that there is no way to turn off sound on the application, i.e., the only way you can do it is within the game itself. It makes noise even if you have all functions on your phone on silent. And if that game plays music every time you turn it on, well then, you can never play when you're supposed to be quiet--there's no work-around to this.Another minor quibble I have is the proprietary head set, if you lose your headset, then you're going to have to search and pay a premium for a new one. The phone is also very very slow. There is a 0.5 to 1.5 second lag with every key you press, so say you need to open up the contacts, search for a name, open the name, then dial a number, you're looking at about 5 to 10 seconds minimum to begin to connect. This is a far cry from my old LG, which response time was virtually instantenous. The process to do a three way call is cumbersome and time consuming as well, with noticeable lag in between each step, and you can't link the calls until both are connected.On the bright side, however, is that the phone is super thin and fits very very well into my pocket. It feels as if it's built sturdy. It's plenty loud and I never seem to have a problem holding a audible conversation. And seems to get pretty good reception.All-in-all it's a great "phone," and although packed with features, it's downsides can outweigh the potential upsides of the features, and as such it's not such a great "toy." I'd only recommend this phone for someone who could really get a lot of utility from an ultrathin phone (e.g., someone who's carrying a lot of crap in his/her pocket).

Its a real dream phone!! Afterall its a thinest cell phone any mobile company has ever launched...Its black version also looks cool..but silver one got a unique shine!.Better have the leather carrying case available on amazon! Its a perfect fit!!The only complaint is Motorola doesn't give lot many options as Nokia does..but..Overall I am very happy with the product!

We live in a "low to med." coverage area and this phone provides service in areas most other phones do not.

I've had to buy to RAZR phones this year and the same thing happened to both of them!  THe side piece comes out and a cable inside snaps and the phone stops working.  It costs about $95 to get this piece fixed.  And Motoroa refuses to take responsibilty because they always blame it on you dropping it however my second one was only 3 months old and I didn't drop it but they still won't fix it.so DO NOT BUY this flimsy phone from a company that doesn't take responsibility

I think Amazon.com got a bad batch of them because my phone is a lot different then yours.  The side with the big button with the dent in the middle is the volume when your talking to somebody (I use it almost every call, it might be because I talk to a lot of people that whisper, but it's still really cool) and when your not on a call, it changes the style of ring, vibe, vibe and ring etc. and the other button is programmed and the button on the other side is voice recording which I never use but I might have to use it in a sting or somethin, who knows.  Anyway I've never really had a phone for a long time before this one, I had a Nokia and I felt I would be kicking myself later if I didn't upgrade.  What I miss about the Nokia is when it rang it had these cool multi colored lights on the sides that when it rang or any kind of sound would come out it would light up and the lights would rotate and stuff and it would look like a UFO!!  The voice tag is easier to set up too but that's off topic, heh...Anyway, the front I haven't seen a pic pop up on people that I have set on there with their pic + name.  The games are Java based and sweet, mine came with Billards, golf, skipping stones, mojo mixer, and slideshow.  I never play them because they drain the battery.  I think my phone is about 2 days battery life, 2 1/2 3 hours talk time.  If I talk for an hour and a half, 2 bars left.  And then it lingers on 2 bars forever, then when somebody calls, it automatically starts beeping low battery.  Oh yeah, mine doesn't have a USB cable jack it only links up to a computer via bluetooth so I don't know what you guys are talking about with that.  I never use my bluetooth headset, it came with my phone (unicel) and the model I have (Motorola HS850) and I can't just put it on my ear and push the button when the phone rings, and besides for my work the main reason why I got this phone, I need to push the 1 key to get into the conversation so it's not 100 percent great for me but anyway with the boom out the light blinks and it annoys everybody that lives with me.  And I can't put it on in a frenzy because it's hard to put on.  And you have to link it to the phone every 2 hours or so.  It's not for me, but if you call a lot of people then it's a great thing because you can barely feel it on your ear, back to the phone the phone is light too, sometimes I have to put my hand into my pocket to remind myself it's there!  It feels durable, the metal really does.  I have dropped it a few times, I feel that if I drop something and it breaks it's cheap.  I like the 4x zoom and the brightness, darkness while your taking a picture feature.  You can also record a video which I might do after I get the usb bluetooth adapter.  I also want to download mp3's and use them as ringtones.I can't think of anything else to say.  I got a decent phone, and I don't know what you guys got.

I've had my Razor for about 4 months.  It's battery life is good, about 3 days with light useage.  I have downloaded a program which allows charging via my laptop's USB port. The same USB to firewire connector can be used to charge my blackberry.  This means two less chargers/adaptors to carry.The audio quality is fine, and reception is usually good.I thought that the camera might be useful when we needed a quick picture of something important like a real estate sign or police beating an innocent suspect.  Fortunately, we found out that the zoom is useless on a real estate sign.  It isn't what you might think of as an optical zoom.  The digital zoom  doesn't actually make things seem closer and clearer.  It merely lowers the resolution.  On 4x zoom, instead of a 640x480 resolution picture, you get a 160x120 picture.Thus, the zoom is useless.  Hopefully, you can safely walk closer to whatever you want a good picture of.  It's the ultimate in manual zoom.

I love this phone, we have 2. The voice recognition is perfect. The only thing I would add is more memory so that more than about 20 numbers can be voice dialed via Bluetooth. I use the HS85 series Bluetooth in my car and it works perfectly with the phone. I could not be happier and the service from Cingular has been superb.

One of my friends owns this phone and I tried using it. I think it's an overall horrid design. The phone itself only has a few settings and is the most ugliest thing I've ever seen. It's hard to navigate and even worse to use.Just because it's `thin' is no reason to get it, because instead of being `chunky' like other phones it's a lot wider to make up for the `thinness'.Don't go near this phone. You'll thank me for it in the end.

This is a great, thin phone.  My first Razor had very poor reception and I had to return it during the initial 30 day period.  The new phone has good reception.  The keys a are a little hard to read in sunlight as well as the screen.

for those of you complaining about not hearing so well with the phone up to your ear, look at the blue thing on top of your phone, that is a cover, underneath it is the speaker remove the blue cover and there you go, my friend who also has a razr did it, but i dont want to risk it, it should be silver underneath and you should hear better , this phone is awesome, i love it, only motorola could make such a awesome phone.i love every time i take it out the attention i get, it turns heads i can't stop using it !the features are sweet, its high performance, great reception and everything,best looks, super thin "razr" thin,best cell phone ive ever hadi had it almost the first day i heard about itwhich was around when it came outdefinate must have

Got the razor and I gotta say it's great.  I'd heard that the sound quality was bad, but I find that it's fine.  But the best feature is its size.  You'll love how thin it is.

Although this phone is thin and looks nice. I'm disappointed I bought it. It just doesn't work well. I agree with many of the negative reviews of this phone. I had my old cell phone (Nokia) for years and it worked great. I've had this one less than six months and have had nothing but problems.

If this machine comes with a SD memory slot, i think this a best buy in town.

While AT&T might have been acquired by Cingular, their systems are not integrated. I had an existing plan with AT&T and bought this phone since my physical bill now says Cingular. When I tried to put my existing SIM chip into the Razr, it displayed "contact Service Provider" when I turned it on. After calling AT&T support, they say that I need to spend an additional $25 to get a Cingular SIM card - that the AT&T cards don't work with this phone.!!!!! BEWARE of the hidden costs!!!!

I normally never really cared for Motorola phones.  Everytime I have had them with AT&T; the phone always froze and calls were always dropped.  This phone, with Cingular, is different.  I have had the phone for a little over a month now.  So far, I have yet to experience any dropped calls.  The reception is great.  The phone is beautiful.  It takes great pictures too.  The sleek design is very ideal for me.  It fits nicely in my small purses.  I do have some concerns though.First, when I use the bluetooth headset with the phone, the phone battery lasts for only about two days.  Also, the outside monitor, on the flip, isn't nearly as clear as the picture on the inside screen of the phone.  Also, the keypad does get fingerprints easily (the phone came with a motorola cleaning thing so it really comes of easily).  I am though concerned about dropping the phone on my tile.  The phone seems really delicate.  Using the bluetooth earpiece though allows me just to take the earpiece out of my purse and walk around with that.  Remember as with all phones, to occasionally power them off to receive updates from your service provider.  This will increase the phone recpetion and prevent drop calls.Overall,  I am extremely happy with this phone.  I encourage those who are interested in purchasing this phone to read other consumer reviews such as mine.

It's very difficult to hear on this phone. It was in the beginning and now more so only 7 months later! I'm about to get yet another new phone b/c this one is "unable to charge" now and I can't be w/o a phone while motorola decides what to do with it. This is the 2nd motorola to do this. My last one I would have to hold the charging plug into the phone to get a connection. That one unexpectedly died on me, taking a bunch of non-SIM numbers with it.

Bought this phone with Cingular service. I needed the phone in a hurry. I checked my order next day, had this weird message:"Order RevisionOrder placed October 08, 2005 at 10:35 PM PDTOpen order -- your order revision requiredhas not approved you for any phone and service plan packages. Please cancel necessary phone and service plan packages from your order. We cannot proceed with your order without some action on your part. Please be aware that if you do not take action on this item within 5 DAYS, it will be cancelled from your order.Cancel necessary phone and service plan packages"I had no idea what this cryptic message meant, but essentially they were requiring me to cancel the order. I have three cell phones in my family, perfect credit, no earthly reason why I wouldn't be approved for a cell phone account, just the above message with no explanation. Of course, there is no one at Amazon to call for an explanation. I don't know if my form was missing some information, or something was mistyped - no idea at all what happened. I think that if Amazon was going to cancel my order, they need to explain it to me.I have bought from Amazon before, usually good service, but this is just awful.I think that Amazon is in over their heads in the cell phone business.From other comments, it sounds like Amazon is not being fully honest or transparent in their cell phone ads.

This is an awsome phone, I give it 5 stars because it deserves them. It looks very cool, everybody will notice it and compliment you on it. The bluetooth works great BUT it will drain your battery in a days use. I hava an Acura TL with bluetooth capabilties so a Bluetooth. This brings me to the fact that most bluetooth phones are big and ugly. This phone gets better reception on my ATT service (now cingular) than what my ericcson t616 did.I recomend this phone highly, and now its very cheap, so just get it. Its still a great phone, my only complaint would be battery life when bluetooth is turned on. Other than that 5 stars

I absolutely love this phone!  I used to have a Motorola v300 and my new RAZR is 5 times better.Between the two:Pros:- Bigger screen- Better reception- Very sexy and sleek- Bluetooth- Buttons are easier to use- The front screen on the RAZR can be viewed with polarized sunglasses where as on my V300 the display was blackened out.- USB port for power and data means no buying extra cables.  Most people already have a USB cable versus the standard small pin Motorola connectors that break easily.Cons:- No decent caseI've read reviews that state this phone is no different then other Motorola phones.  Well, as you can see by my pros list they are dead wrong!  All around I am MUCH MUCH MUCH happier with this phone.NOTE: If you are worried about no Cingular video recording or changing the front screen wallpaper while the unit is open, DON'T!  Those items can be changed or added.  Most people just don't know how.

The Motorola Razr V3 is a very nice phone, it's light in weight, but heavy in talk time.  Motorola states "the talk time on the Razr V3 is 9.5 hours"  this talk time versus the talk time on the Razr's sister phone the Motorola V330 is about a 4 hour difference.  Although these phones have just about the same feature the Razr has a megapixel camera where the V330 only has standard VGA an d the weight of the Razr is 3.42 oz while the V330 weights in at 4.62 oz (phonescoop.com).  So with the light weight, longer talktime, and sleekness I think that the Razr is a better choice.

I had the phone for a month and was satisfied but when one of my friends dropped it it broke. this is an ok phone but just be sure not to drop or it will break the second it hits the ground

Who thought it would be a good idea to prevent people from turning off the hideously annoying start-up and shut-down sounds? Why should I have to download a program and hack into my own phone to turn this totally useless feature off. Shame on Motorola. Shame on AT&T.

I had changed the Motorola Razr V3 phone in one month. Both have the same problem with both of them. The ear piece audioquality is extremely poor and extremely low. It is like a sinusoidal wave and the audio level drops every few seconds and stays low for 10 seconds and then picks up. I am not sure what to do now as I am past the initial 30 days and I do not want this razr phone any more (Two phones in a month exhibiting thesame problem).

I'm bummed I bought this phone and will never buy another Moto phone again until they change their UI.  The phone is fine, it's good, whatever, throw another UI on there and it'd be 100x better though.  The address book?  Yeah, it can only store one number for each name.  You know your friends (or more importantly work associates...) that have a cell, a home, a direct work line, a company main line, a fax line, oh and don't forget the email address you like to keep on your cell phone too, just in case you need it, yeah well, you need to have their name listed once for each item listed there.  "John Doe" shows up five times, sheesh, almost every name in my address book shows up at least four times.Ok, if they changed the UI I'd like the phone more, but still this phone is lacking in some areas.  Where you ask?  No removable memory card!  I'll never buy another phone again that will not let me upgrade the amount of memory the phone has for photos, videos, ringtones, and address book entries.  I thought I could deal with a Moto UI and the lack of removable media but I cannot.If I could take this phone back and get a different one I would.  As soon as my contract is up, I will.

I've owned this phone for a few months and I still like it a lot.  It has a few downfalls, but gets looks from everyone.  It's slim style fits flat into your pocket...which it a big plus over using a belt clip all the time.  Hearing can be a problem if your in a loud venue, this is my biggest complaint.  The camera is not great but is fun to play with.  The keys can be hard to touch sometimes if you have big fingers.  The screen is hard to keep clean almost always, but is nice and big with plenty of color.  The charge it holds could be better but is not bad.  The exterior display is very nice. My signal is good through T-mobile.  Some owners have problems with a squeaky hinge because they flip it open rather taking the time to open it slowly. The metallic shell is durable.  Overall I have no regrets.

We were so impressed by the RAZR design that our office bought six of them a few months ago (when the price was $400) and switched to Cingular. We've had trouble with all seven (a couple guys have been through multiple phones). The problems range from things not fitting properly (battery cover, key pad) to crazy behavior such as the phone rebooting every time a call is received.Cingular couples a bad phone with bad service. To them, everything is the customer's fault. When you have a problem with the phone (which you will), Cingular grills you trying to determine if they can blame your phone's problems on you.Additionally, and I can't speak about anywhere but Utah. If you live in Utah STAY AWAY FROM CINGULAR. They say the coverage is good. It is not even close to tolerable.Do yourself a favor and stay as far away from the RAZR AND Cingular as you possibly can.

My main reason for getting this phone is for the thinness of it.  I like that I can slip it in my front pants pocket without a huge bulge.  I like it most when I'm not using it.  The screen and keypad look good.I got used to the shape and buttons but it still isn't as satisfying as holding a thicker curved clamshell.The Vibrate is weak.  i have missed countless calls just because i didn't feel it in my pocket.The battery has to be charged every day because if you don't charge it at the end of the day, it will die halfway through the next day. It can't even make it 2 full days.  You make a 45 minute phone call and  it is down 1 bar already.I have found that you can only program one of the 4 buttons on the toggle.  The other 3 are for Get it Now, Open Wave, and VZCast.  I find my self mistakenly hitting these and going to these services I have little need for.The screen is nice and big. I subscribed to Accuweather and the radar looked great.Many of my friends have complained that the voice quality isn't good with the razr.  Some say it sounds like it is cutting out even though I had a lot of bars.The OS seems a bit slow- you hit "contacts" and it takes 1-2 seconds to show up.The camera is not good. The shutter sound clicks and you have to keep holding the phone steady because it actually takes the picture after the click.Voice recognition works pretty well, especially handy with the bluetooth headset.  You just train it once during set up. You don't have to pre-record names as with the older phones.The size is great, but I think my next phone is going to be basic and simple with battery life and reliablity the key.  My friend with an old B&W; motorola says her battery lasts a week.

I'm a high-volume user - on the phone all the time.  Its been a few years since I've found a phone that I really dig.  I dropped $1000 on the first Nokia slide worldphone available in the states, another thousand on the second one, etc.  I buy new cell phones when good ones come along that I like.  I have the BLACK RAZR and while I'm not accustomed to Motorola's user interface, and the iTap seems a little bit of an extra step in messaging, I LOVE this phone.  Its smart - it picks up my headset whenever its in range automatically. It can handle my 500+ contacts, it gets voicetags right, its got a speakerphone that's seriously useful in the car checking voicemail, and I LOVE how it expands when its open to become kind of a full-sized object instead of a microtiny too-small-for-your-own-good kind of phone.  I love everything about it.  I only wish the menu system were slightly more customizable, but this cheap purchase has made me happier than I've been with the crap phones I've had to put up with since my two great Nokias in the last two years.  If you don't have one, GET ONE!  : )

This phone is way overhyped.  Its features do not justify its price, this phone's primary purpose is to make a fashion statement not innovate.  I'm glad I changed this phone for the truly supererior moto Mpx220.  Which has expandable memory, mp3 player, megapixel camera, windows 2003, bluetooth, video playback, Quad band and its unlocked,  and I like the design much better and its much cheaper.  The Razr has no expandable memory only 5 megs. It is Quad Band. It has a Thin but flimsy and still bulky design.  Reception is ok but I like the Mpx220 better in that deparment. The only thing worth mentioning is the screen which is gorgeous truly impressive but still does not justify its price. It has bluetooth but so does the cheaper moto V550, and v600. The camera is not even megapixel. It can only playback videos not record them.  This phone's price needs to come down, its way overpriced for the mediocre features it posses. Again do not buy this phone, unless all u want to do is show off the amount of mone that was thrown away on this phone.  But my Mpx220 out does this phone any day of the week, as do other less pricey models.

Got my v3 yesterday. Has anyone else noticed the really bad noise interference - high pitched and continuous, or the annoying vibration under your thumb from the keyboard as you text etc???Also this phone is extremely simplistic compared to my sony ericcson. Am afraid I will be sending mine back.

The phone is ok. I didn't find any difference between RAZR and the Motorolla V300 I had earlier. All the features are the same.Razr has a big huge color screen, bluetooth enabled and can capture videos. But there is no improvement on any of the calling features.So if you are getting the phone free after the rebates you can buy it, else it is not worth the $200.

I am mostly utilitarian.  I have been using cellular phones since the mid 90's.  My favorite phone of all time was the Nokia, it was big and bulky, but it worked and was durable.  I then switched to Samsung for its size.  It took a little getting used to but ultimately I ended up loving the phone for its simplicity and good function.  I decided to treat myself with something a little more stylish and got the Razr.  The styling is very impressive, but once you have it a few weeks - who cares.  The phone functions poorly.  I am on my third Razr in only a month, that should tell you something.  I have this high pitched sound coming from the ear speaker on incoming calls that has been consistent with every phone I've received, just this alone makes me want to smash the phone with a hammer.  I am new to Bluetooth and am looking forward to a new ear piece.  I think this phone was a marketing experiment: to see if fools like me would spend $200 on looks alone.  Now when I see others with the Razr I just want to punch myself in the face. If I had to do it again, I would have gone with Samsung.

BE CAREFUL!! If you have an old existing phone number and you want to bring it to this new phone - IT WILL VOID THE REBATE!!The only place this is mentioned is at www.amazon.com/keep-your-number.

I bought this phone and had it for a day but decided to return it. It just wasn't what i expected. The design was okay but the keypad was a bit rough. I didn't think that it was worth what i paid. and it wasn't very user friendly if a person hadn't ever used a motorola before and even for me it was a bit weird

I took a long time to decide to buy this phone.  Many of the reviews I read were negative.  Although they also referred more to the service provider than to the phone.As for the phone, it is just great.  I've had Sony Ericssons, Nokias, and now this one, and it is by far my favorite.My hesitation centered on the fact that I didn't know how easy the menus were and for the phonebook, I wanted to have one name with several numbers.  If you are looking for this feature, let me reassure you, it does have it.  After you enter the first number,and the type (work, mobile), you keep scrolling down until you see MORE, and then you can add other numbers to the same name.The design, the screen, the features are all great.  The one bad thing about this phone, is the manual.  It does not explain in detail how to do things.  For example, I found how to switch amongst phone numbers for the same person, by accident (when the person's name is highlighted you press the left or right arrow).In short, this phone is awesome.  If you can find a good service provider, then it's definitely worth it.

this phone is great. it's lightweight, stores 1000 numbers, has a slick design and display. just don't get it if you expect a good camera.

I've had this phone for a while now and here's what I think.The User Interface has had a bad rap from some people, and yes, it's not as intuitive as say, Nokia's interface, but it does have some pros.  You can customize every button, including all 4 arrows, and the left and right soft keys.  I have my left soft key programmed to go to "Shortcuts" and I have every function I need right there.  And of course, after a while of use, you will get used to the interface.The volume of the phone is decent.  I have no problems hearing other people, and they have no problems hearing me.  Speakerphone works great too.  My boyfriend says that he no longers feels like he's talking to someone in a tunnel when I use speakerphone for our calls.  The only volume problem I can see is that at the highest volume (7), it is still slightly hard to hear your phone ring.  One other thing - this phone has way cool ringtones.The address book issue is this:  If you use your SIM card to store your addresses, then no, you will not be able to have multiple entries for one person.  But if you use your phone's memory to store your numbers, you can have many many numbers stored to each entry.  I have all of my numbers stored on my Powerbook's address book, so I'm not too worried about having them on my SIM card.  And if you have a MAC, iSync works wonders with syncing numbers/calendars to the RAZR....now THAT'S cool!The screen is very large and clear.  I have no problems seeing it in dark or even bright light.  I have had no problems with reception with Cingular so far.  In fact, I have a stronger signal in most places than my previous phone (Nokia 6230)Overall, I am very pleased with the design, functions, and asthetics of this phone.

The RAZR is by far the most sturdy phone I have ever had.  Made of aluminum alloy, I have dropped the phone numerous times and not even a scratch.  The only thing I don't like about the phone is the address book.  It list different phone numbers for the same person as a different entry.  It makes a large phone book virtually impossible to scroll through.  But this can be solved by using the voice command function.  I also don't like how the screen gets dirty all the time but you can clean it whenever.

I recently got a Silver Razr V3, I would have had one before but they were just too much money to have a cool looking phone. Now that they are not as NEW and the price went down I decided to give it a try.I have to say that the overall look of the phone is GREAT. It is sleek and stylish and it suits me lol. I see people complain of certain things about the phone, I guess it depends on where you live as far as reception goes, mine works GREAT. Never dropped a call. I can hear from it clearly. The speakerphone to me is LOUD. It has a camera and video recorder. to me the camera is nice considering that it is a cell phone. I dont use it that often but when I do, the clarity is good enough for me. The phone does lack ringtones, of course you can always buy them, but I had phone in the past 2 years that had decent ringtones. One thing about the camera that had me confused, but it only happened once, I went to take a picture and it gave me this scrambled screen and said picture failed. I got scared for a second, then it went back to normal and I went on to take the picture again and it worked fine. This could have been a glitch on just MY phone so I wont complain that the camera sucks because it really dont. The Video recorder is Ok, now again, this is a CELL PHONE. This phone has been around for almost 2 years, stuff does improve over the years so I imagine the black Razr might work a bit better than mine, who knows, I never tried one.I am sorry if I left anything out. I like having trendy phones, but I am not very TECH Saavy. I can use my computer and phone and hook up my own electronics, but I am not into all that HIGH TECH stuff. This phone is a GOOD solid phone so far and I enjoy using it. Oh yea, it does have Bluetooth for any that care. I dont, but I am glad I have that option if I needed it.I gave this a 4 out of 5 because I know it is not the BEST phone of all phones, but I think it is a very nice phone to own.

Okay, it's really cool that the screen is pretty big, the pictures are really clear for a phone and the phone is really stinking thin.  All that being said, if you need a basic phone to talk on, this is not the phone for you.  And definitely not at the cost of it.  Unless you have the phone pressed as close to your ear as possible, it's hard to hear the other person.  As a topper, it's either an expensive handsfree or another expensive handsfree (neither of which fit smaller ears).  I'd rather I had stuck with my v551 bluetooth.

Yes this is an amazing looking phone. I get comments on it all the time, but for the price and the features i dont think the phone is worth over $100. If you have the money then buy it, but the free phones w/ 2yr work just as good. This phones has a nice camera w/4x zoom but no video funtion, and the speaker is nice and clear on it.  But if i could go back in time to when i purchased it i would have rather gotten the free phone like my two sisters did, and leave with money in my pocket.

I loved the phone when i saw it,anybody would....anybody..thing is i organized my thoughts from what some people said that it's got the low life battery?...uhmm what did you expect?!!it's like a nail thing and 2 fingers long i mean common..anyhow i bought the new black edition doesn't change a thing just a few more persuading screensavers and backscreens,also IT'S BLACK...even more style for a while...why a while?...it's just a color..but it's a good phone and u won't see one with "those"features on it anytime soon...it's better to have then not have at all...thanks for all....love amazon.com..no regrets thanks!aloha

I'm up in the North East and Cingular is great up here.  I have had them for several years now and have tried other cell phone providers, but they are the best I think.  This phone is great.  I have had it for six months now and it works great.  Reception is great, I get a signal in areas where other phones I have had I couldn't.  I have dropped it several times and still not a scratch due to the metal housing.  Great screen.  Bluetooth works well.  Phone is very loud.  The battery life is great.  I have read where some people say it is horrible.  I'm on the phone all the time and I have never used up the battery to go under two bars.  Great phone.  The one drawback I found was Cingular will not insure the phone.

I have been a Nextel user for years and their Motorola products including i90, i95, i730 and i830.  The v3 is the best Motorola product ever!!! Blows the i830 out the water and makes it look like yesterdays news. Superior and striking good looks and is solidly built - no, it does not look cheap as some previous reviewer stated. I live in GA and Cingular reception is very good. Paired my v3 with Bluetrek G2 bluetooth headset(received rave reviews and is cheap - pick one up on ebay) and I wonder what took me so long to get on board. I did fear Cingular's merger with AT&T; since I had AT&T; years ago and their reception was terrible.I'll never go back to Nextel as they do not appreciate their customers and their Motorola products do not have Bluetooth except Blackberry. Plus who wants to carry around a brick in their pocket? I'm a woman and typically carry v3 in my purse but sometimes for convenience I just want to put it in my jean pocket. And I forget it's there...This v3 has superior browser technology, email and text messaging, good camera and great voice record. Yes, the address book is different but you get used to it. Anyways, I only put important people that I call frequently in address book so it's not a problem for me. I primarily make lots of calls and like to check news and send a few text messages. A+++++++

I got Motorola V3 as a replacement for Nokia 6600. So for me the "bulge" factor is very important.  I am getting 'almost' the same functionality with 1/4 thickness!  The thing I miss the most is expandibility!  Dont care mcuh for the lack of video capture.  Other than the size, the definite pluses of Motorola over Nokia is the iTap messaging system.  I found it very convinient and user friendly.  Moreover, the unit paired up with my computer using bluetooth without an issue.  I have had trouble doing that with nokia. The screen is clear and crisp (though if you are looking for a good imaging phone - look else where - may be Sony Ericsson K 750i), the key pad is nice (not cramped up) and the speaker phone is of good quality.  The phone has voice activated dialing.In short this one has all the good "phone features".  It is a smart looking phone - not necesarily a 'smart phone'.  And dont get it if camera quality and video capture is important to you.  The price is high but I guess is already coming down.

Even though Cingular offers this deal in other parts of my local coverage area, the offer does not apply to my zip.TMobile does offer an equivalent of this deal in my area.Ergo ...

Let's face it. The only reason you're considering this phone is because it is thin. If that reason ALONE is the only basis for your purchase, then it is perfect for you.Otherwise, wait for a newer model or one from another company besides Motorola. You'll regret buying this phone.Complaints:1. My 1st 4 month old phone quit recognizing the SIM card for no reason. I had to get it replaced.2. Now, after only 3 weeks, the dialing pad on my replacement phone got snagged on the lid, was bent, and now is flimsily attached to the phone. Very very bad design. And, since Cingular will only replace this phone once, I am out of luck.3. It distorts speaker output very loudly with an audible beeping sequence any time it is in use or when receving a call. This can be quite unsettling if you have your car or home stereo turned up while this phone is near. This may be the single most annoying feature.4. Cingular coverage in Utah is absolutely the WORST. Dropped calls, getting the wrong phone after dial, mid-conversation transfers to other callers. Every one of the people on our company plan has experienced these problems. This is only relevant to Utah buyers.5. Lastly, do I need to remind you that this phone costs over $400? This phone is surprisingly shoddy for its price.

The phone is o.k.  One piece of the adaptor to charge the phone was not working on delivery.  Cingular would not exchange the part and blamed Amazon and said good luck getting the part from them.Five months have gone by and I am still waiting for my rebate.

The reception is not what I had hoped it would be.  The reception is usually very good but, when I would go into a store there was a drop in signal strength making it hard to hear calls let alone talk to someone.Maybe the reason is that the Razr is almost always, if not entirely, made in China.Motorola should have followed Nokia's lead and had them produced in the Americas, like the Nokia 6101/2, which I wound up switching to after all the difficulties with the Razr.I can say that the reception is better in Europe and Asia, though not very much.Also, the Cingular Razr doesn't have the video record capability that the T-Mobile Razr does so I would recommend buying the Razr from T-Mobile.

This phone is somewhat similar to the V300 I had as far as menu, navigation and such.  Just to clear up some confusion.Volume, it's loud although not as loud as some of those speakers you hear in clubs and such...duhhhh...who the hell said it wasn't loud should either A) Get a hearing aid or B) change out the your hearing aid battery if you already have one (or get a new one cuz obviously your deafness has increased in severity).This phone is locked.  Someone said Cingular doesn't lock their phones...well either they have started locking or they were talking out of the a$$.Reception of this V3 is wayyy better than V300 (or was it because  Cingular has better reception than Tmobile in my area).Anyhow, I like this phone..I only give it 4 stars because there are minor things can be improved (i'm picky).  Also, I got this thing for around $100 after rebates so it's not bad..just have to wait months and months for the rebates to come...

I want to buy the RAZR and keep my current number on Sprint.  It seems Amazon says the rebates would be invalid. Anyone have experience with this?

I've had my V3 Razr (w Cingular) for around a year now and have been content, though not thrilled with it. My main issues are with sound volume and battery life. If I'm in a noisy room or on the street, I often have trouble hearing the person I'm speaking to. I complained initially about this and the Cingular rep said that I just needed to put the phone a little lower on my cheek, that never did the trick. Also, the battery life is short and unpredictable. The battery display will often say that the phone is either very low or very high (3 bars is fully charged, 1 is low), then will move quickly from a 3 to a 1, or will move from a 1 to a 3 if I turn the phone off and back on to reset it. If I spend much time on the phone, I have to recharge it once every day or two, which if fine when I'm at home, but a pain when traveling, and the varying battery gauge makes it hard to be sure that it's charged if I'll be out for a while. Also, despite the thin design, the width keeps it from being a small phone, which is fine with me, but doesn't really mesh with the advertising pitch.On the positive side, it's sleek, has held up through a couple of times being dropped, has a decent speaker phone and has (standard) handy alarm and calendar functions.All told, I wouldn't buy it again, but I haven't been so upset as to return it.

The small and sexy v3 phone is the ultimate in celluar technology. I love my razr phone and I have found it extremely useful in everyday situations.. Besides the fact that every time  I walk down the street I have to worry about a $500 invesment in my pocket, the  phone easily impresses all of my friends with its lavish features including a camera, video camera, bluetooth, voice dialing, large color display, and many other featueres... This phone is a little small buts its very nice to have. I reccommend its its great.-Plsailboy

Nice feel and good sound.  I can make calls when my friend's new Nokia GMS is incommunicado.  The USB is nice but I cannot charge from ANY old USB port - the software must be loaded on the PC first.  BIG PROBLEM if you want to charge that way at work or on the road.The Moto wired earpeice is huge and has a clunky cord.  So  bluetooth is the only read optoin.  Buy I hate having a transmitter against my skull.  A Nokia-like slim wired earbud would be great.

Bought this phone(Actually the black v3 but the only real difference is video support and additional memory), for $149 from BB, replacing my v551, basically just for the "chic factor". Initally I was very happy and excited with my purchase, but after a couple of weeks the novelty wore off and its shortcomings became apparent. The biggest issue I have is being able to hear through the earpiece. Unless you ear is EXACTLY on a random "sweet spot' good luck hearing in anyhintg but the quietest environments. I even removed the little "M" circle with little or no help. The second shortcoming is the the screen. While it has more colors available than the v551 the resolution does NOT look nearly as good. And if you are viewing blacks and not looking directly at it, you get a wierd grey-black thing going on with one eye. Kind of hard to explain, except for those of you with the phone. Much to my dismay the screen is actually WORSE than the one on the v551. The third is the camera. I rarely use a phone cam, but the times I needed it, the pictures looked, well...horrible. And last but not least, the reception. The reception is not as good as everyone makes it out to be. The v551 actually had better reception. My new LG CE500 actually has MUCH better reception and is generally a much better phone. This phone is a GOOD phone. Nothing more nothing less.

This phone is too thin and too wide when flipped open, it is not comfortable when I hold it in my hand and try to dial a number. Just picture yourself holding a half deck of poker and try to use your thumb to press on the surface of the card.  The unbalance weight between the top portion and the bottom portion as you flip the phone open is another design flaw; I always feel awkward when try to press the number keys due to the uneven weight between the VGA and the keypad. The speaker level for incoming call is also very low. Even though I had the volume level set to the highest, it is only loud enough to hear the person's voice in a very quite room.  I think that I will have a problem when outside a noise area.  My only regret is that I should have walked to a store and look at it in person before buy it online.

I recently "upgraded" from a Sony Ericsson T610 to the Moto RAZR. I receive a %40 discount on Cingular phones through my employer, so the price was not a problem. The features are nice, I've been able to save money on games, wallpapers and ring tones by utilizing Bluetooth and a P2P network. The screen is big! Overall the phone is sleek and thin. However, I feel the T610 has an easier user interface and is able to screen calls.The first RAZR was fine for the first 72 hrs. and then the send key began to stick. I returned to the store and exchanged it for another one. Needless to say the customer service rep was not happy he had to provide me with a brand new replacement phone. In effect he threw the phone and SIM card on the counter and walked away.I took the second RAZR home and made sure to give a full charge. The first time it was turned on the screen display began to flicker. It would stop, but occasionally bars would appear across the screen. I bypassed the store this time and contacted Cingular directly. The CSR arranged for an exchange at a different store, so I could avoid the last experience.Now I'm on my third phone and subsequently have become an expert at reinstalling my phone list. I would recommend locating a copy of Mobile Phone Tools for use with the RAZR, as this program allows you to sync your address book and calender. Also, it has a media program in which you can create your own MP3 ringtones and image capture for wallpapers.In summary I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I purchased a Moto V551 for my wife at the same time as the RAZR. This phone has all the features of the RAZR and video capture. The V551 is half the cost of the RAZR, reliable, better sound and uses a standard Moto charger.

In short, this is a great looking phone that's practically unusable. Here's the breakdown:Horrible Software- Badly organized address book. Both the contacts on the SIM and on the phone appear in the address book. If the same contact has more than one number, each appears as a separate entry in the phone book.- Lack of basic features (like a recurrent alarm, ability to clear SIM, reset address book, etc).- No separate missed calls list (they are all mixed in with the received calls). By default, there is no way to access the missed calls list from the main screen.- Turning off the phone clears SMS messages.- Unintuitive, slow user interface.- No games come with the phone.Great Hardware- Great camera.- Light, sleek, design.- Awesome reception (sometimes freakishly strong - wonder if I'm losing more brain cells because of it).So if need a phone for looks, this is the one for you. If you plan on using it, look for something else.

I have had my phone since Mar '05 and it has been in for service twice, once for a cracked lens and now for moisture problems.Both times the phone was in my front pocket wasn't dunked in water, etc.I am not hard on phones. I had my previous StarTac phones for about 4 years, no service problems, but it was starting to wear out....was having problems sending/receiving calls.If you doubt what I am saying, drop this phone or go jogging with it in your shorts pocket.... it will soon be in for service (or just plain OUT OF SERVICE.Save your money... go elsewhere.

i bought this kinda like an experiment, not knowing what to expect. im glad i bought it. it's the best phone i've ever used, and i actually think the high price was worth it in the end. i mean common the peoples pictures are in the phonebook, not their name , but their picture. well worth it.

I've had the phone for just over 5 months now and I have to say I'm pleased with it.  However, I'm a light mobile user.  I spend on average about 30 minutes on the phone on any given day.  This phone is definately an attention getter.  It's sleek, stylish and very uncommon in it's appearance.  However there is a price to pay for the "bling factor."  This phone is by no means a swiss army knife of the phone world.The phone let's you take half way decent pictures, use blue tooth with great clarity, make people jealous, play real mp3s for ring tones and play a few java based games.  It's ultrathin design meant whittling the memory down to about 5mb. The camera function is pretty easy to use and can be operated whether the phone is flipped open or not.  There is not much storage space, as mentioned above, so you will have to move pictures off or delete frequently to leave space for other features.  The phone does have a photo caller id feature which is a nice to have.The bluetooth on the phone is a great feature to have. It seems to shock everyone when they see such a slim phone beam wireless voice streams 15 ft away.  The voice on the headset is crystal clear and the party on the other end can hear me fairly clearly.  There a few quarks with the blue tooth.  For some reason I'm constantly mating my motorola bluetooth headset with the phone.  Also, the battery takes a beating when using the bluetooth.  Overall, I'm satisfied with it's BT performance.The phone will play real mp3 songs as a ringer.  It's a pretty cool feature and definately sounds better than midi sounds.  Even other colleagues here that have phone which also play mp3s always comment on how clear my ringers sound compared to theirs.The design and styling of the phone is very unique.  I particullary like the almost all metal casing.  It's usually cool to the touch.  The bottom portion which house the antenna has to be made of plastic for obvious reasons.  The keypad is metal and does not give as most would expect from other phone keypads. It takes some getting used to at first.  The backlghting on the keypad is great, and uses the technology found in Timex Indiglo watches, very clear, even, and bright illumination on the keypad.  If you're a perfectionist the fact the phone doesn't close flush may get to you.  The flip portion of the phone has mini rubber feet in the inside and it keeps it sticking a milimeter or two.  I can live with it.  The outside mini display screen is not high res but still it's color.  It is also protect with a glass cover instead of plastic.  This phone does not scratch easily!The volume on the phone when I first got it was particularlly weaker than I enjoy.  A quick google search and I found a few utilities that let you 'realatively safely' correct the factory settings.  Please do any mods with extreme caution.  The navigation menu on the phone is pretty intuitive except for the phone book function.  At first it would appear you cannot have multiple phone numbers for a single contact but that is not so.  You have to use the grouping function to have multiple numbers for a single name.  Please search the manual for more info.The games on the phone are ok at best. I rarely ever play them so I won't leave any more comments on the quality.The reception on the phone is good to very good.  I've had phones with better reception but I've had many many more with worse signal quality.It doesn't have a calendar function or much room for many pictures, multiple mp3 ringers or many voice dial entries.  The battery life is decent for light to medium users.  It's not feature rich, but it does have some new technology showcased in the phone that allows for it's thin profile which definately adds to it's cool factor.In conclusion, this is a great phone for "guy who always have the coolest gadgets."  If you're a heavy cell phone user and enjoy scheduling features, etc, this phone is not for you. Stick with PDA phones if that is what you're looking for.  However, I really enjoy this phone and it's a great conversation starter at bars and clubs. ; )  Enjoy.

There isn't much to say about this phone, its extremely small, easy to use (both the keypad and the interface) and is reliable.  I don't end up using all of the features of this phone but I can say its been a very user-friendly expierence so far.

The advantages to the RAZR are obvious: small and attractive.  I have found it's also quite durable; it's been in a pocket with no cover, and has sustained only minimal scratches.  After 5 months of usage, it's almost as pretty as it was when I removed it from the box.From an interface and software standpoint, the RAZR has been a difficult phone to use.  I've had several problems with the camera.  I had to return my first one because the software had failed to allow image browsing.  This failure occurred within the first month.My current phone has worked well until about a month ago, when the camera essentially stopped working.  It takes pictures, but the pictures are all garbled and unusable.  I don't really use my phone as a camera, so this doesn't affect me too much, but I'd have preferred not to pay for a camera that doesn't work.Overall, the interface is poorly designed and implemented.  The keypad and navigation buttons are difficult to isolate when pressing buttons, and it is easy to press the wrong one.  Since the buttons don't depress much, it can be difficult to know if you've pressed a button or not.  This problem is compounded by the fact that the display often lags behind the keystrokes by a noticable amount.  I would have much preferred they dedicate less effort to the lackluster media features (such as video and a low resolution camera) and more to an interface with better responsiveness.  It is inexcusable for a state of the art phone to be less usable than one from years ago.I should note that these complaints are from a RAZR purchased new in June.  The issues I addressed may have been resolved since then.  If they have not, I can only recommend the RAZR if size is a primary consideration.

I never received my order because what was most ship in 24 hours became estimated ten days.  I terminated my order.

So I went ahead and picked up the new Motorola Razr V3 cell phone. All in all, I've been pretty impressed with the phone and quite surprised at the reactions I've been getting with it. The phone is a bit expensive but it's intended to be an exclusive phone and is priced as such (so says Motorola). The retail price is $600 (without a calling plan - $500 with 2/yr agreement) but now that I'm a Cingular employee since AT&T; Wireless got bought, I'm now entitled to a 30% discount on devices. That takes the phone down to $420 which is still more than what 80% of the populace is willing to pay for a cell.If you're familiar with the Motorola V600, you'll get used to the Razr pretty quickly. The OS has been updated from the V600 and it's a lot more stable than the V600's. I had the V600 for a week and it had already crashed on me, been a week now with the Razr without any issues at all.Things were getting too quirky with the V600 and I wanted to get rid of it. I picked up one of the first versions of the cell and it seemed to be pretty buggy. When I was shopping around for the Razr, I was in the middle of sending a text message to a co-worker giving her the price of the Razr when I received a call. It started playing the mp3 I had set up as the ring tone but the phone never actually said I was receiving a call. So it kept playing the ring tone. And kept playing it! I turned the phone off and it was still playing! I had to pull the battery out to shut the damn thing off! About once every two weeks, the V600 would either freeze or reboot. Still pretty early, but so far no such issues with the Razr.The one thing I was possibly concerned about is having to get the Razr unlocked because it was exclusive to Cingular and I had an AT&T; Wireless SIM. I like my AT&T; Wireless SIM - I get unlimited minutes and data with my employee account but if I migrated to Cingular, I would be limited to 1,000 minutes a month. With some of my work telecon calls, I could be pushing that each month. Fortunately, the phone either came unlocked or allows AT&T; Wireless SIMs. It's still geared to Cingular's network so I had to manually configure the connection to mMode.The Razr is one hell of a sleek phone! First, it's extremely slim (why it's called a "Razr") and it's light. The key pad is a single sheet of metal which helped keep the size down. This cell was even more appealing to me being a Tron fan.So, I went to the mall to try out the phone to see how other people reacted to it. In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?", one guy offered me $300 for it, and the ladies at Starbucks went crazy over it. Last year, if you wanted to pick up chicks, you'd take your kid or pet to the park. Now you buy a Razr. I was standing in line at CostCo the other day playing a game on it to pass the time and a guy in another line asked me about the phone.One feature with the phone that I'm not so sure about is the screen itself. It's reflective qualities differs from the left/right viewing angle so your left eye actually sees a slightly brighter picture than the right. The end effect is that the screen has a 3D feel to it, but it also feels like you're watching it through a pair of red/blue 3D glasses. The external display (which can display photos of people calling) could be a little better quality, the colors seem a little flat. I haven't tested the camera out too much yet but I suspect it'll work like the V600. The specs on the V600 claim that it has a 4x zoom. No, it doesn't. When you zoom in, it simply crops the picture a little closer to the center so it doesn't have to scale as much to fit onto the screen. Holding the V600 stationary, I snapped three pictures of my calendar, a 1x, 2x, and 4x. I placed the 4x in the center of the 2x and the 2x in the center of the 1x - and the end result looked just like the 1x photo.The audio of the Razr is outstanding as well, surprisingly since the phone is so much smaller than the V600. The max volume of the V600 is the mid-level volume of the Razr. The speaker phone is clearly heard over a large area at max volume. People I've called said that I sound clearer as well.One reason I switched to the Motorola V600 was because it's signal strength is very good, kind of important when I don't get good cell reception at my house. Likewise, the Razr's is just as well even though it has no visible antenna.The battery life exceeds even the V600's long life, advertising 6-7 hours of talk time. Using the Bluetooth headset over a concall (which drains the battery nearly 50% faster), I was able to maintain a call for three hours without issue, even with weaker reception.So if you have a few extra bucks to spend or having problems picking up chicks, you may want to consider the Motorola Razr.

I've had my RAZR for 2 weeks and the low volume when you are on the phone makes me consider returning it.  I've set the volume to the highest setting and I can barely hear it.  I've never had problems with hearing on a cell phone.  Since this has the "bluetooth" technology I tried the "free" headset I received.  Nice idea but it sits outside your ear making that low volume still hard to hear.  It's a pretty phone and it works ok but this lack of volume is a deal breaker for me.

I first bought the V551 by Motorola which is an excellent phone!!  But I noticed everbody had the same phone, at least in my area..  I usually like to have something different.. So at first, I did buy the phone because most people didn't have it because of the Price.. The sales person at Cingular which had the V551 told me their was no difference but an Internal antenna and less weight..  I've noticed the Camera is a Hell of alot better, plus the Battery life is by far longer than the other phone...Reguardless of area, the Reception in almost crystal clear even in Roaming or long-distance....I'll admit, I did buy it at first to have something different but I'm Impressed with the features in comparison to the other phones I've owned..  If you have the $$$ buy it!!!Hope this helps!!Mike

If you want to keep your current cell phone number and want this phone with Cingular Wireless, please read this!!!  I recently bought this phone through Amazon.com (no offense to Amazon, because I am a regular customer & I love Amazon's service) but I was forced to return it because I ended up with 2 cell phone numbers (my AT&T; and new cell phone with this Razr V3).  I thought it wouldn't be a problem to buy it online with the new number they provided me because I thought that it would be easy to later port my current AT&T; number to the Razr V3 just by calling the AT&T; and Cingular later.  I was wrong.In the beginning, it was a hassle trying to reach customer care with either carriers (voice automated) but when I finally got through, cust. care themselves didn't know what they were doing/talking about nor fully understood my situation.  I had to explain again & again because they were confused with which number is which but I finally got transferred to a customer serv. that fully understood my situation & guided me through my ordeal step by step.  She even called a nearby Cingular store for me while I was on hold and explained the situation to me & had a SIM card ready for me to pick up.It was obvious that Cingular wanted me to buy it from them directly because when I went to pick up my free SIM card, I was told that they do not know how to port the my current number without having to cancel the new number Cingular gave me.  I decided to cancel the new Cingular number in order to keep my current number and obviously, go through another phone calling experience with an upsent agent asking me why I bought the cell phone through amazon.  He told me that he will not charge me cancellation fees & other taxes if I returned the cell phone and bought it in the Cingular Store.  To confuse me even more, he told me return my cell phone to a Cingular Branch in Texas!  He gave me the Return Dept. address and said that he'd be expecting the phone in 3 days!!!...another confused customer service...  Of course I didn't return it to Cingular because I bought it through Amazon.  Duh!The bottom line is:  if you want to keep your current number, please go to a Cingular store nearby and have your cell phone upgrated (if you're like me, a former AT&T; customer).  You should ask for an Instant Rebate (Current Subscriber Discount) and in all, the maximum you'll spend is about $270.00.  Whew!About this phone, I love it!  One thing I don't like, is that I can't record any video clips.  If they put an easy feture of taking snap shots, why not put easy features for us to record 15 to 30 seconds video-clips?  And is there a way I could record my own music from my Ipod for example instead of recording it through cingular?***After a year of using this phone***Don't know if you've noticed, but after using my Motorola Razr for almost a year, I smell 'metal' whenever I use this phone. It's annoying because I tried to clean it with rubbing alcohol and since it didn't work, I also tried to mask it with my hand lotion and the 'metal' smell seems stronger. Help, anyone?Also, this phone is over-rated...before, it was the newest thing, and now, everyone has it and (I mean EVERYONE!) teenagers & adults alike, as well as other carriers with different features & colors. Now, there's a new phone that came out from Cingular...the SLVR L7 maybe because Samsung in Korea came up with a similar phone like the Motorola Razr v3. What's up with that?

What more can I say about the Motorola RAZR except that is the best phone I have ever owned.  Without even mentioning the gorgeous slim and sleak look, the features are great.  I use the Bluetooth, the camera, I bought a cable to hook up to my computer and make my own ringtones that sound excellent, wallpapers, and wow the plasma screen is incredible!  The screen is so clear and gorgeous, unlike any other color phone I have ever seen or owned.  I never have a problem with a signal here and around my house, where with T-mobile I couldn't get 1 bar, Cingular and this phone I get 3-4 or more.  I would highly recommend this phone, with the current promotion that is going on now, it is a no-brainer!

If you want bling then this is your phone, it looks great; if you're looking for functionality consider the Audiovox SMT5600.  Regardless of the phone you chose, however, I hope you have more luck with Cingular than I did.There's simply not enough time or room to recount all of my problems with Cingular but I'll provide a brief recap. I have service with Cingular and with AT&T.;  The problems began when I tried to merge my two services into one account (Cingular did acquire AT&T;, right?), upgrade my service plan, and upgrade the AT&T; phone.  Simple enough, right?  Wrong.After (literally) four visits to the store (and 3+ hours of waiting for a sales person), 10+ phone calls (and speaking with over 30+ people), and completing several forms on the web I thought I had finally solved the problem and everything was fine.  THEN my phone showed up ... it was the wrong one!!!  Attempts to get the problem resolved on the phone failed (we can't do that here), attempts to return it to the store failed (that was sent to you by our phone sales group, you can't return it here), and a final desperate attempt to resolve it through Cingular's Office of the CEO was meet by "you shouldn't have tried to transfer your service from AT&T; to Cingular" (i.e. it's your fault) and "you're trying to order the most expensive phone we have, what do you expect us to do, give you a free one?" (i.e. you're trying to cheat us).My experiences can basically be catagorized in the following fashion:* You're an AT&T; customer, this is Cingular; you'll need to call AT&T; if you need help.* You're a Cingular customer, this is AT&T; you'll need to call Cingular if you need help.* You're a corporate customer, this is the retail group.  You'll need to call business services for that.* You did that over the phone, this is a store, you'll need to take up that problem with telesales.* You did that in the store, this is telesales, you'll need to take up that problem with the store.* That can't be done over the web.* Sorry, I don't know how to do that.I think the crowning touch however, was the retail store that refused to sell me the phone because my account is tagged as a "sponsored" account that gets an equipment discount.  The manager wanted to sell it to someone who would pay full price!Good luck!...msg

First the phone:+ Very nice, colorful display+ Reasonable speakerphone quality considering its form factor- It's cleverly marketed as being razor thin, but this isn't the most compact phone out there - not by a long shot.  My 1.5 year old Samsung E715 also has no antenna, VGA camera, color display, internet access, etc. and is SHORTER, NARROWER and LIGHTER than the Razr - that makes the Razr thin, but at the cost of additional length, width and weightOn Cingular:- Started charging me for service the day I ordered the phone however they didn't actually put it in the mail for another week (and after I spent 30 minutes on the phone with them to see why it hadn't been sent)- Seem to have adopted AT&T; Wireless old customer service standards (which were horrific) - it took me 5 transfers and 90 minutes on the phone to cancel my service, at one point I got a rep who said "Didn't I just speak with you?"  Yes, she had and then transferred me somewhere else, who transferred me back and she was then trying to transfer me back out again?!  Who designed their workflows, a bunch of 3 year olds??- After the previously mentioned 90 minute call, tried to confirm cancellation a week later (only 20 minutes on the phone with 2 transfers this time) to find out that my service had NOT been cancelled - needed to send me a return shipping label- 1 week later, return shipping label arrives - the next day I put the phone in the mail using their 2 Day Fedex label - they receive it 3 days later and, of course, do not cancel my account- Call again 1 week after I've confirmed that they've received it, they show no record of receipt - said to save me time I should leave voicemail for a 'supervisor' with the fedex tracking info which I do later that day (only 20 minute call with one transfer this time)- Three days later call again to find out that the 'supervisor' has done nothing and that my account is still open, finally find someone willing to cancel my account (though I wait on hold 15 minutes while he's doing whatever)Moral of the story, if you want this phone buy an unlocked version and sign up with T-mobile or another provider.  The extra money you spend now will save you countless hours (and I do mean HOURS) of aggravation with their "customer service" staff who don't seem to grasp the meaning of the term.

So, I haven't bought one of these yet, but I've seen some folks with them and messed around with it.  The phone's got a great design and it's really small.  Believe me, that part is totally cool.But, other than that, it is a VERY basic phone.  That's a big price tag on such a basic phone.  Dig?

I've had my phone for over two years now and I'm heading out to buy a new one (something other than a Razor). The Razor has a poor mechanical design.  I've dropped three times in the last two years and it's broken it twice.  Way too fragile for normal daily use.  The software is also pretty week.  It regularly needs to be shut down and restarted to that it will transmit multi-media messages.  I also didn't particularly care for the functionality of the buttons, but maybe that's just because I liked my Samsung better.

I ordered one for my wife and now will be ordering one for myself. I'm a real estate broker; the voice features, viewable screen, Bluetooth and other things make this a great phone for my business. The only downside is the digital phones still have some blank service areas where the tdma system has greater coverage. But in town it rocks! I still give it a 5 star rating.

I like the phone - it's user interface is really great.It's light, and durable becouse of the metal body.The battery lasts reasonably long.Beware of the dust, I had an unreadable display in 3 days time! The peel off the screen protector trick (see below) worked for me. You defitly want a case for this phone or you will have a damaged camera and lots of dust in no time.Another drawback is the poor reception - where our nokia 1100 has full reception in our house, this Razor keeps losing the connection . Now I fear the problem of the stinkin phone...

This phone is overall just a little bit above good/okay. I cant stand the text style and its kind hard to find everything but after a while you get used to it and overall is a pretty good and it has the regular features like alarm, voice recording, camera, video and the speaker phone comes in handy sometimes ^^ it is a popular phone because it is thin but it is kinda big for the hand as it is wide.

i have had this phone for 2 weeks now and i liked the look and feel of the phone. i use the phone only as a phone and not as a digital camera; so i will not comment on that.good:1. really slim. no more bulges in your formal trouser pockets.2. sound levels - speakerphone sound level is very good. i would have liked to have higher handset volume.3. charging - takes very less time to charge and also is very convenient to talk while charging if you use the little connector that they provide. that was a good idea...whoever thought of it, did a good job there.not so good:only one thing...no accessories with this phone. at this price they should have provided us with atleast a headset. so for  all the money that you spend, you get just the little phone. NOTHING comes with it. :(this is a good phone...go for it if you can afford it.

Pros:-Great sound quality-Good antenna and reception-Nice color screen-Great form factor-Great speaker phoneCons:-So-so camera-When the phone is in standby, the time is barely visible on the outer LCD-Buttons on the side of the open flip are hard to useI love this phone and I knew what I was getting when I bought it. The only thing that disappointed me was the outside LCD. I like to use my cellphone as a watch too, but the clock is BARELY visible on the outer LCD when the phone is in standby mode. Don't expect much from the camera too. I got an unlocked phone as I travel frequently to India. Quad-band is definitely a plus, and bluetooth works well too.

I purchased this phone about 5 months ago. This phone has a lot of problems, some times it difficult to make phone calls it keeps telling me "call failed" I thought that the network is busy but when I put the SIM card in my old Samsung phone there was no problem at all.The other problem is static, people can not hear me clearly because of static, and however I have full service 4 to 5 bars.  The software is very slow when you scroll between menus. After I disconnect the phone from the charger the screen start to blink and the resolution goes down.I called Cingular and they replaced with another refurbished phone that have the same problems. Finally they are going to send me a new phone hopefully this will work.I owned so many phones with different brands and the best are Nokia and Samsung.

I bought this phone to replace my failing LG phone. Anyway, a few things right off: this phone is locked to Cingular and you will have to find a UK based site to get an unlock code if you want to stray to other GSM services. The worst thing about this phone is that Cingular blocks outbound dial-up calls over USB and Bluetooth. I had hoped to use my handheld and laptop to dial-up into my computer and get internet access with out paying for a cingular plan, but they have disabled this feature. I still rate the phone a 5 because this is cingulars doing (SIM block).Otherwise, the phone is amazing. Out of the box it is quite hard to get to your address book, but you can customize the main screen and change any of the shortcuts. The only thing lacking (which I may just not know how to do) is browsing the address book: you can't spell out contact names ... each letter you hit takes you to that part of the phone book.This is also a very durable phone =)

Choosing the V3 was a matter of just going through all the phones on the market to find the one that stands out the most. First of all the start of the year 2006 has seen a big change in mobile phone development. Many companies, such as Siemens, have now abandoned the cell phone market. Motorola have scaled back on the number of models they have released in the past 12 months. The selection is much smaller than the start of the 21st century. Apart from the lesser range we have a new type of phone. First of all photo cameras are now almost a standard inclusion unless you aim at the cheapie range of devices. A color screen is the major bonus on all high-end phones. The V3 has one of the best ones. These new phones are lighter and have a longer battery life. Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) means roaming anywhere in the world is now possible. Talking and listening are hyper clear as if the person is standing next to you. New functions make most of the high-end range of phones practically little PCs or a Palm. The shape and size of the V3 lean it in the direction of a Palm. The V3 comes with a leather case. It is a very nice case that uses a magnetic clasp. By flipping open the lid you can easily read the time on the front color display. The leather case has an input hole on the side for recharging. There is a hole in the case for a speaker. It has back clip that can be used for fastening on your belt. The V3 is lighter than an iPod mini. The front panel has a screen that can be used for seeing a small display of the time or can be used for taking front pictures. There are three buttons for changing the ring tone presets, dialing names and taking pictures when the flip top is closed. When open these buttons perform new functions. The camera is a tiny pinhole size red lens. This VGA camera has x 4 zoom and takes photographs of up to 640 x 420 in size. To be honest if anyone believes that phone cams are anywhere near as good as even low-end digital cameras then they are only going to be disappointed. The phone camera is great for sending pictures to one another using the MMS system but for the photo album they can look low in resolution, sometimes blurry and even badly lit with streaks running down them. Now and again you can pull off a good shot worthy of your home album collection but don't expect miracles here. For MMS the quality is great and the V3 phone has a big enough display screen to showoff MMS for all its worth, so lets flip open the phone to see what's under the hood. You don't know which catches the eye more when you do flip the phone open, the screen or the keypad that lights up neon blue and looks like it has been ripped clean out of a control panel onboard one of the UFOs that crashed in Roswell. There is no other phone out there that looks as cool as this one does, either closed or open. The wide screen size is just less than 1.75 inches which makes this one of widest phones on the market; a step maybe back to the world of bulky brick phones in girth but the extra girth certainly does not have the weight or thickness. In fact, this is the thinnest phone on the market today and feels as good as a full size phone at a fraction of the weight and looks truly imaginative and good-looking up against the side of the head. In fact it feels like a phone where the flat phones create a more ambiguous feel. The phone is back in cell phone! The phone functions as everything from a dictaphone to a speakerphone. You answer calls by flipping the lid or pressing a key when open to answer a call, you choose. Voice recognition, call waiting, you name it, you got it here. Backlit menu systems, clocks, graphical text message indicators, voice mail buttons, voice mail indication, volume select/display, signal strength indication, call timers, redialing, missed call indicators, call logs, voice activated dialing, any-key answering, auto-answering, speed dialing, mute, vibration. The phone book capacity has up to 100 entries. The phone can act as a Modem. Minimum standby time is 250 hours and minimum talk time is 360 minutes with a 2 hour charge time makes it hard to beat. You get a free headphone and jack in the box. However the real gem of the lot is in the wireless Bluetooth feature. Get yourself a Bluetooth USB adaptor (costs extra) and set it up on your PC. Install Phonetools (CD is in the box) and forget about using the phone USB cable. Now activate Bluetooth in the V3 and activate a Bluetooth Phonetools connection. Now you can wirelessly control your mobile phone. Your mobile phone can be in the bedroom and you can be answering calls on your PC in the study, send SMS... do whatever you want remotely. You can write memos, use the phone tools, dump images, sounds and set your calendar. Wireless Bluetooth to your PC is truly amazing, amazing, amazing. If you want you can buy a Bluetooth headset, however why would you want to hide the V3? Bring it out and flip it open! If this is the first flip phone you own you will probably be aware in the first few seconds of holding it that this is not something you can afford to drop. The V3 will most likely smash and break. It is just not as sturdy as a flat phone. So you will be pressed to take more care with it. Your lifestyle will play a big part in whether or nor this phone can survive with you. If there is one negative, it is that when the phone is closed you may accidentally press the ring tone preset to silent. It is possible to do if you don't keep the V3 in its case. The case prevents that from happening. There is also a low level hum that can he heard if you hold the keypad up to your ear, especially in a silent environment - you can't hear it when your ear is against the speaker or in public places. You can also hear it if closed and if you put your ear against it. So it is not technically a silent phone, but if you think placing it next to you in bed at night is going to keep you awake, you are wrong. Although an extremely light hum can be heard when making calls, there is still no other product that sounds as clear as this phone does. It is really just cribbing about something that doesn't affect this marvelous phone in any way. Overall you won't be disappointed with the V3. It is awesome.Pros:- Design- Bluetooth- GSM- Screen- Nearly everything!Cons:- Really needs to be kept in the case- Will smash if dropped- Ring Tone Preset button is badly positionedEven with these cons it is still leagues ahead of most phones.*Note: Any problems with not been able to make calls (such as calls cutting out after two seconds), sending SMS, MMS or using WAP are all provider related. It is recommended that if you have problems, take the phone to the provider (any provider shop outlet will do) and ask them to setup Calling, SMS, MMS and WAP. You will have to wait 20 minutes but your phone will be fully operational and without problems after.

I like this phone, but i got mine for free in a contest.  The cingular service is much better than of other providers.  What I like about this phone is that you have a color outside screen, it has a plasma screen, the pictures are wonderful on this phone, the phone is thin (i guess thin is in), and for caller id, you can see who's calling if you set up the picture function.  However, if you do this you have to save the number to the phone instead of the sim.  I like the bluetooth capability, mainly because if you have a computer with bluetooth it can connect to the razr.  The keys are chemically etched.  One thing i don't like is the price.  I know it has fallen, but to replace this phone if i lose it would be $400.  For the money, if I were to want a replacement (budget), I would take the v551 which has a lot of the same features, but it is economical compared to the razr.  This phone is cool no matter what.

Although I don't have the RAZR V3 yet, I got rid of myEriccson Z500a phone. But, the problem is not the phone.It's Cingular. No matter what, they all have the sameproblem. Your phone will cut off in the middle of your conversation. You can hardly hear the other party.As your about to answer the phone, it cuts off with the first ring. And a bunch of other technical problems similar to other Cingular users.My advise is Stay away from Cingular.Sprint is soso technically and has an awful customer service.I used to have T-mobile, the phones never gave me a problembecause their phone service and coverage is great. Anywhere in the world; therefore, I am going back to T-mobile and I'm sure that the RAZR V3 will not have any coverage/tech problems.

I have received nothing but stares of jealousy that are well warranted.

My parents got this phone for my birthday and I love it. The color screen is vivid and really big and the camera's 4x zoom is nice. I would have liked to see more resolution in the camera though, it is not bad as it is. The style of the phone is awesome, really hip. I feel cool having this phone. You can't go wrong buying this phone..It's great!

I received my RAZR near the end of June 2005.  In that time I have dropped it twice, once on a concrete warehouse floor and the second time out of the window of my semi tractor, after uttering a few nasty words, I picked it up and it worked fine.  As to the issue of signal strength,  I have used it from Bismark ND to Boston to Miami and rarely have trouble making calls,  The browser also works well in most places, including PA Amish country.  Besides it does look pretty cool. I only wish I would have waited for the black one.

I dont ave this phone yet but from what I understsnd here are some pros and cons:Pros:Has A cameraLarge color screen inside and outsideSpeakerphoneCons:Bad quality cameraCant change waalpaper on outside when the phone is opened(It has to have the cingular pic)SPeakerphone to soft to hearDoesnt come for prepaid unless you buy 300 dollar unlocked one.It looks really super cool and I cant wait to get mine for my birthday!!! For once my mom is actually getting me a contract!!!!!!!!!!!

You think it will be great because of the features and size but this is garbage.  If you accidentally drop it, it falls apart. The battery that came with the phone is the worst I've ever had.  Within 6 months of having it I noticed the battery getting weaker and weaker.  By the end of the 1st year I could only talk on it for about 20 minutes and it would be dead.  After that about 5 minutes of talk time and it would shut off.  Worst pictures with the camera on it too.  There is no flash.  The music sounds ok threw the head phone but if you want to use it for an mp3 player you better keep it plugged into the wall outlet because you won't make it threw one song without the battery running out.  I got this phone for free and would rather pay for a phone the get this one again.

Do not deal with Cingular and or ATT because these companies will drive you crazy.  I learned this a hard way, in the last 3-4 months I have been double charged every month because the Cingular and AT&T made a mistake on my account. To explain this further I had a 2 year contract for my wireless telephone with AT&T. Within a few month AT&T sold their wireless service to Cingular and after that I was paying to Cingular for the account.  I decided I wanted a new wireless telephone device about August of 2005, I was told if I wanted a new telephone  I had to open an account with Cingular, so I did and that is when the whole problem started because now I was being billed double  by both companies, Cingular and AT&T.  I also received a phone which I did not like and sent it back for which I was not credited for. I am 52 year old man  and I never had so much problem with any company in my life as I have had with Cingular and AT&T.  The customer service is a nightmare and for the last three or four months I have been constantly on telephone arguing about my incorrect bill and the credit due for retuned wireless phone with no success, every time I was bounced around and every time the telephone call lasted three to four hours with no result in sight.  The customer service at both companies are robotic and custome service can care less about solving problem.  Stay away from the nightmare called Cingular Wireless and AT&T if you care about your sanity. I have learned that I am not the only one who had this problem, other people had to go thru the same horrible experience as I did.  It seems like these companies found a way to rip people off thru wireless phone service.

nice phone very thin but so wide, non sense... high cost then no headset included  dont buy at current price.In few months it will be free with 1 year contract. I,m still amazed cingular didn,t offer a headset with phone.

I have had this phone for about 1 month and love it to death. I just love to open it and close for effect. It really is a conversation piece, people constantly want to touch and play with your phone. I suggest either buying or downloading Moto Phone Tools 3.0. You can buy it on ebay for like $5. It is a great software item you can get your own ringtones and upload pictures.

I have had my phone now for about a year now. If that doesn't qualify me to write this article then I don't know what does. The biggest reason I got this phone is because unlike many people, I don't clip my phone on my belt, I put it in my pocket. For years I was troubled with the antenna sticking me in the side of the leg. Buttons would always be pressed whenever I moved a specific way. This phone has relatively none of those problems. Sure there are buttons on the side, but you have to press them more firmly then you do on most phones, which prevents any of them being pressed while in your pocket.Another thing is the size of the phone. I like the phone because of its thinness and its ability to just slide into my pocket. Some people don't like it because it is too wide, but for those of us who have big hands this thing is great. Which leads me into my next point, the buttons on the inside, they are not necessarily big but bigger than you find on most phones. There have been many times where my fingers would hit two buttons, because like most people, I use my thumb to dial. And if you are worried about the buttons not having that "button feel" the buttons actually press down and feel like regular buttons.I have seen some complaints about the battery life for the phone. Personally, I use my phone for about a half-hour each day on average. I can go 3-4 days without having to charge it. Now, if you are using the thing non-stop all day long you are going to lose battery life pretty quick, but this is often the case with many phones on the market.The biggest thing that I don't like is that the screen on the front scratches easy. But if you keep it in the case it usually prevents any scratching. Honestly though, there really isnt much to complain about with this phone. I have enjoyed it for over a year now and am still enjoying it. This really is a great product from Motorola.

I got the Motorola RAZR V3 cingular phone about a month ago with a new plan for about $100, and it is a GIANT step up from the previous LG phone I had for a couple of years.  This phone can do a lot of things, but you'll only find that out if you do some research- for example:  You can make your own ringtones using mp3's (really really cool) and somehow make your own backgrounds and transfer pictures from your phone to your camera and camera to your computer.  Also when you hook up your phone to your computer using a USB port, it automatically starts to charge!  I think one of my favorite features which I discovered just yesterday while driving in the car was that when you turn the speaker phone on (by pressing the middle circle button during a call) and then shut the phone- the speaker phone is still on ( i thought i had hung up already!).  I really like this feature- I don't know how many other phones do this- but the speaker phone is a must if you want to be safe without all of the extra gadgets while driving.Also, I was surprised how many people knew about this phone- it's a "cool" thing!  All my friends think it looks amazing, and it also takes great pictures.Get this phone if you have a good deal!

It seems like when anything becomes popular, people begin to put it down, but the Motorola Razr V3 isn't all hype and style.  It lives up to its hype and is a high end fully functional phone that just so happens to look absolutely gorgeous.  The Razr comes in two colors, black and silver, both made with anodized aluminum making the Razr very durable and has gives a nice solid feel.  If you've owned an Ipod Mini with the same anodized aluminum, you'll know how it feels.  It has high end features - camera, full color display, bluetooth technology, video/picture capabilites, internet, text messaging, instant messaging, speakerphone, voice capabilities, video capture, streaming and more - but it is all packed into the most thinnest phone out in the market.  Although it is quite wide for a flip phone, turn the Razr on its side and it all makes sense.  Being wide, Motorola took the advantage of the space to put in a large size LCD screen that gives you crisp and bright color and clarity.  This screen is quite large on a flip phone, but absolutely gorgeous.  There is also an stamp sized full color external LCD screen that displays signal strengh, time, and acts as a picture caller ID.  It doesn't display date however.  I don't know why they omitted this.  The external LCD can also serve as a viewfinder when you want to take a self portrait instead of having to look into silver dot like other phones.  The phone comes with a VGA 4x zoom camera that takes decent enough pictures,  The camera feature is just an added bonus and is hardly a necessity.Flipping up the Razr, you can see why it's been tooted as the thinnest phone out there on the market.  Even when the it's closed, it's thin, but when it opened, it practically disappears when looking at its side.  It is very pocket friendly and lightweight.  You'll hardly notice it in your pocket.  The keypad is very interesting.  It's one flat surface instead of individual buttons.  This is very different from any other phone I've ever seen.  The flat smooth surface makes navigating much moore smoother and easy, but it may take some getting used to.  It is backlit with a cool blue light that makes it easy to navigate even in the darkest of nights.  The menu interface is very easy to navigate as well.  You'll use the two top buttom to either go back or select or you could just use the center button on the navigation wheel.  The navigation wheel itself can be reset to accomodate your needs.  Press down, up, right or left to access whatever you want - phonebook, calender, alarm clock, messages, etc.Sound quality is good, but may be too low in noisy areas and signal strength is excellent, at least for T-mobile customers.  The speakerphone is great.  It's loud without being too static.  Battery life is good.  Taking pictures usually takes up a lot of battery life, but I didn't have a problem here.  Overall, with its solid construction, great high end features, gorgeous design meshing form and function, and easy menu navigation and user friendly interface, the Razr comes out as a great phone for serious users and for those just looking to turn some heads.

Pros:Super small & lightStylishGood battery lifeCalls rarely dropCamera quality is goodCons:Only serviced by CingularPrice *but the rebates help*[...]

Ive had this phone for about a year and if you haven't bought one by now you're not going to get any wow factor that it had originally. I got some looks at first but, there are too many now and if you want a rare and stylish new phone, go with the SLVR. Im changing to one in a month. Anyhow, the phone is great looking first of all with some very good features. It has no antenna which is good and you dont even feel it in your pocket. The camera is decent but, it makes up by having a beautiful large and vibrant screen. The speaker is loud and so is the phone in general. Bluetooth works for up to 30 ft and really is great if you are in the car. This phone is a bargain now at $50- $150 with a plan so if you thought of buying this phone, you should!

I've had the Razr for about 9 months - it has been a great phone (although I think the nokia interface is better than moto). I would definitely recommend it although it seems it needs no recommendation, everyone and their mother now has this phone.My only complaint is that the phone, specifically the keypad, recently started to smell. It's not a cleanliness thing as my wife's  Razr also recently started to smell weird, definitely something to do with the components or adhesives. The smell is pretty acrid and actually makes it hard to use the phone. A quick online search reveals that a lot of other people are starting to have this problem after owning the phone for about 6 months. No solutions or responses form motorola on the topic however so beware.

American engineers are at the best when they design sleek products with simple functionality. Forget about all the bells and whistles that clutter most electronics products. This phone is the epitomy of space age design. No other phone comes close in terms of the look and feel. If you want a phone that is first and foremost a good phone and looks and feels cutting edge, buy this phone.Update...The screen on my razor is now kaput. 7 mths of useful life...not very good.

This phone was very well designed and meets the needs of a majority of the user market.  However, I was disappointed by the difficulty of synching the calendar with my Outlook.  Nevertheless, its the lightest gadget I carry around now and it just looks good!

The Razr is as sleek as they come, but it is not without flaws.  I tried to use it for about 2 days before returning it.  The main reason that I returned it was that the wired headset that comes with it was a very peculiar design which would not really fit in my ear and kept falling out.  I would have overlooked that if it had a standard 2.5mm headset jack, but the mini-USB connector doubles as the headset jack, so none of the standard headsets that you can buy to use with mobile phones and wireless home phones would work.  If you plan to use a Blutooth headset this is not a concern, but I was not interested in a Blutooth headset because they are bulky and you have to hassle with the battery.  If it uses a rechargable battery and you don't use it regularly, you'll discover when you want to use it that you have forgotten to keep it charged.  Wired headsets are simple and convenient, and the lack of a standard 2.5mm headset jack is a significant shortcoming of the Razr.Additionally, I didn't like the fact that when the Razr is closed, there was no way to tell at a glance whether the phone is on.  Both the interior and exterior LCDs are virtually invisible when their backlights are turned off, so it doesn't help that you can configure the LCD to remain on longer than the backlight.  The purpose of the backlight timer is of course so that the light will go off and not run down the battery, so you would expect that the interior backlight would go off automatically when the phone is closed, but it doesn't.  With the Samsung E335 that I use now, the interior backlight goes off when the phone is closed, and the exterior backlight stays on for a few more seconds.  If the backlight timer expires while the phone is open, the light goes to a much dimmer setting, and goes off completely only if the timer interval elapses again before a key is pressed.  More importantly, both the interior and exterior LCDs remain readable in dim indoor light when the backlight goes out, and there is additionally a small blue light that flashes dimly every few seconds so that you can tell whether it is on even in total darkness.I was also turned off by the fact that you have to purchase a separate kit from Motorola in order to connect the phone to your PC.  But that gripe also applies to Samsung.  After pondering this, I decided that all I really needed to keep in the phone is the list of phone numbers that I call frequently, which are few.  I don't want my phone to double as a PDA, because I want the phone to be small enough to fit easily in a pocket, and I prefer PDA's that have large touch-sensitive screens.The Razr is quite small in volume due it being so thin.  I was initially attracted by this because it fits so easily into a shirt pocket.  But the drawback is that because of the corners that go with that square shape, and because of the extra length, it doesn't slip into a pants pocket nearly as easily as the more rounded compact phones, whereas those phones will slip into a shirt pocket nearly as easily as the Razr.  Things often fall out of my shirt pocket when I bend over, but things almost never fall out of my pants pocket.  In the summer months, I often wear shirts that don't even have a pocket, and even if I liked wearing those belt holsters, a more rounded, compact shape is better for them as well.One feature of the Razr that I liked and which I do not have in the Samsung phone, is the ability to configure the top-level menu so that it is displayed as a text list instead of an array of icons.  I also liked the fact that with the Razr, you can configure the functions of the four navigation buttons in the home screen, as well as the functions of the two soft keys (it has a dedicated menu button), and that you can configure the home screen so that it shows, using icons only, the functions of the four navigation keys.  However, these capabilities did not prove particularly useful to me, and I have no issue with the fact that in the Samsung phone, one of the soft keys is permanently configured in the home screen to accessing the menu.  (The other soft key is configured to lauch the menu for the phone book, and the four navigation keys are configured to access the phone book search function, the camera, the voice memo recorder, and the text message editor.)  The substantial flexibility that you have with the Razr is of uncertain practical value, and what value it may have is nullified by the fact that its menu structure is overly complex and difficult to learn.I think that the Razr is lovely to look at and even more lovely to hold.  The way that the narrow spaces between the slick keys were filled with a soft rubbery material made centering your finger or thumb on the key almost automatic.  That is a valid practical consideration, and I think that the other manufacturers should, and probably will, adopt that as well.  But nice as the Razr is, from utility considerations, it has significant shortcomings, and doesn't hold its own against any number of other phones that are available.

This is the very lastest in technology that money can buy, it' got everything.From a camera to organizing all your dates and events, this phone is great for those on the go people, with not very much time, but lots of things to do.There was one thing i did'nt like about this phone though.It's a flip phone, which normaly is quite stylish, but when you open this one out it's really big, really thin, but really long, making it look sometimes old fasioned to me.Other than that this is a great product.A cool querky desing makes it ultra desirable to the professional end of the market.Overall, i really enjoyed this phone.Well built, well desinged, and most of all, stylish.Really, it's quite something.Sam Worrall rating:4 stars.Motorals best product in a long time.

Happy with the RAZR appearance.  Unhappy with the inability to synchronize my contacts in Outlook with the phone.  I called Motorola and the only way to do this is to purchase extra software for $30.  I can't say I am overjoyed at the thought.  Do a Google search on this topic and you will note that even this extra software does not work well.  What tricked me was this paragraph above, "Use the phone's Bluetooth capability to set up a wireless link with a Bluetooth accessory or connect to a computer or hand-held device to exchange and synchronize data. The phone also supports the SyncML PC synchronization standard, can be used with Motorola's Mobile Phone Tools PC application to manage and synchronize contacts, calendar and other data with your PC."

First things first...I got the Motorola RAZR V3 from a Cingular Company store when the price dropped to USD299.99 - retail price, no contract required. As opposed to USD199.99 for a two year contract or FREE if you get a contract from Amazon. Don't buy from Cingular franchise/independent dealers because they don't make money from selling the phones alone so they mark up the retail price above what Cingular company stores sell them.I use the phone for my T-Mobile service. I legally unlocked the phone via Cingular. No firmware updates, web site unlocking or hacking required. The only downside is that there is Cingular branding everywhere. But for the cheap price to pay for the phone, it's not a problem at all. All I did was have T-Mobile send me their settings over the air (OTA).The Phone...* Design - Kudos to Motorola for finally coming out with a great design for a clamshell phone. It's unbelievably thin, light and functional. All thanks to the aluminum material. Of course they weren't the first company to make full use of it. Nokia made the first daring route of using metal alloys by introducing their 8800 series more than 6 years ago. Apple followed and introduced 1-inch laptops starting with the titanium PowerBook and, of course, the aluminum revisions.With the clamshell closed or open, it looks like one killer design. I like the way they incoporated side keys for a supposed one-handed operation, but in reality the keys are not easily accessible when flipped open. But still a good thoughtful addition.The keypad is another cool design. Laser precision cut - one piece from an alloy material. I agree there isn't much tactile feedback, but that's the price to pay for a thin phone. There is still tactile feedback, mind you, and it's enough to let me know I pressed the key. However, the keys are so flat that it's hard to distinguish from one key to the next except for the slight separation from the translucent rubber material (where the blue light emits) in between keys.* Screen - Finally they introduce a main 262K color screen and a 2nd display with 4,096 color screen. This beats the standard 65K for other phones. Despite the feat, sadly both screens easily gets washed out in bright sunlight. Motorola should equip the screen with anti-glare glass and contrast enhancing screens to aid the viewing. To save on battery, you can adjust the brightness, turn on the screensaver or completely shut the screen when not in use for a time.* Making a call - This is where the V3 shines. So far no dropped calls, static noises or whatever. Signal strength is very decent. I could hear the callers and they could hear me very well. The speakerphone is mighty loud for a phone this size. It is very useable and convenient.* Menu - I jump from phone to phone and found Nokia to make the best, most intuitive menu. IMHO you don't need to read the manual in a Nokia phone because you will find the settings in places you expect them to be.My last GSM Motorola phone was a Startac series and I swore never to come back to Motorola until now. Frankly the V-series designs suck. But the RAZR made people like me notice Motorola once again.The menu for the RAZR is finally very good. Not great. It's still not as functional as I would expect, but it's getting there. You would still have to crawl your way around especially if you want to find settings for MMS and WAP.* Functionality - For a phone this thin and good-looking, it's surprisingly very functional. Although I am disappointed by the miniscule VGA camera specs and lack of EDGE feature. My two year old Nokia 6230 and Nokia 6600 came equipped with those features. This is less than a year old phone. What gives?* Bluetooth - Works 99% of the time with the top of the line Motorola HS850. The calls transfer flawlessly to the headset. But there were instances when I couldn't make it transfer quickly or at all. Rare, but still happens. Btw, get the black HS850 European version. The US version with a blue color is just too preppy and tacky. To each his own.* Fit and Finish - In my job, I've seen so many other people with RAZR phones that I've examined how it goes thru the daily wear and tear. One phone bent at the top. Unlike a plastic phone that can scratch or crack, the metal furthermore bends. If you drop it...Because of the material and design, the only user replaceable part is the battery cover. Yipee. I've seen two phones with a flickering screen. Also another phone with the back cover discolored from tossing it around the table-tops. If you're the careful type or you can simply afford to toss them after the season, it's really not for the faint of heart.There is evidence of poor construction. The battery cover does not fit properly on some phones. On some phones they fit great. On others you will have to make it snap.* Phonebook - I have to tackle this separately because most people think that you CANNOT have multiple numbers under one name. That simply isn't true. They are the type who don't care to read the manual it came with. On their defense like I said the menu system is bad that a simple feature as adding numerous numbers under one name is not evident. There are two steps you MUST do in order to refrain from the phone from displaying the same names multiple times in the address book.Step 1: Under the Phonebook menu go to Phonebook Setup (find it!) and change the VIEW from All Contacts to Primary Contacts. This will refrain the phonebook from displaying the names multiple times.Step 2: Under each names, make sure to assign a primary contact number so that this number is the one displayed when you view that name. If you want to scroll thru the list of numbers of, all you have to do is simply press the left and right keys (from the 4-way Navigation key...for those that don't read the manual it's that circle key with a center button).Oh yeah, you can only assign multiple numbers to one name IF you save your contacts to the phone, not the SIM. And by doing this you expand the features by being able to assign photos, voice dialing and custom ringtones to EACH number (not just to each name).* Battery - I'm perplexed why they can't offer Li-Polymer batteries instead of the aging Li-Ion type. Nokia has made the switch years ago.Battery life is decent. I get at least two full days with the Bluetooth on, occasional calling, SMS, MMS and internet. Of course heavy users who talk all day will find themselves charging the phone nightly. It's disappointing, of course, but it's what I expect for the size and specs.Cingular versions come with the no frills, carton box packaging with home charger (plus L=shaped adapter) and something to wipe the screen. No software, no case, nada! It's customized for Cingular use with Cingular branding on the battery cover and  screens.The retail versions come in a cool box complete with case and mini USB cable. Of course that still depends on the country you get it from.Why do I rate it only 3 stars? The price doesn't necessarily justify the available functions for the phone. You can justify paying the price for the design. Because for the same [retail] price version, you can get a more technologically advanced and sturdy GSM phone from the European/Asian market.It is thin. Yes, it is. But did you did notice it's wide, too. Right? What it made up for the thickness, it got back for the width.If you search the internet forums, you can maximize the features of the phone further. You will need the mini-USB to USB cable and a Windows PC and a lot of tinkering. Beware the phone is susceptible to malfuntion if you do the wrong settings.* MP3 - This doesn't have an MP3 player. It DOES play MP3 ringtones. You don't need to buy them online or purchase software to compress files. I use a Mac and change the settings in iTunes to compress the files to MP3. Then pass on the file via Bluetooth.All in all a cool phone that gives exactly what you expect in terms of form and the corresponding function. I'm itching to see how Nokia will respond.

It is light and stylish but it is not as good as I expected (misleaded by the TV commerical). I am still trying to get the bluetooth working with my PC (it is working fine with the bluetooth headset). It cannot find my Bluetooth USB port but my Nokia was able to find it. Cingular requires you to sign a 2-year contract but some independent stores require you to sign a 1-year contract only (like the one inside Fry's)I bought the phone from Buy.com - big mistake. They said I would have $200 mail-in rebate. When I received the phone, I got a $100 mail-in rebate form instead. It didn't seem to be the right form. I emailed and called Buy.com several times (they made you to call different phone# and some of their people couldn't understand the situation) and they "guessed" I was missing another $100 mail-in rebate form. They told me the rebate dept would contact me in 4-5 days but I have been waiting for more than a week now. Their customer service was bad and the response was slow.I got 2 cellular phones from Amazon.com. I received the rebates quick and they have much better customer service (and response) than Buy.com. I will never buy any cell phone from Buy.com.

This cell phone is a good phone for folks interested in 1)showing it off, 2) downloading Top 10 tunes as ring tones, 3) taking photos to send to friends, 4) showing it off. My husband I and both bought the phones when changing to Cingular, figuring that they might have some good features we could use. We have had no trouble with them so far. However, if you need substance over style, you can probably do better for the price. We had some nice little LG phones when we were with Verizon which worked very well and were easier to use in the organizational functions than the RAZR. If you need a phone that you can use easily for work, don't purchase the RAZR. If you need a phone to show off, go for it.

The Motorola V3 looks and feels amazing.  It is definitely in a league of its own, especially with the declining quality in Motorola's mainstream telephones.I purchased this phone for $500 CAN (approximately $410 US) and it came with the leather carrying case, Bluetooth handsfree, and all the usual accessories.On the negative side, the keypad is really tough to clean.  Some reviewers have mentioned the unit's low volume, even at the maximum level.  I agree with that remark, the "sweet spot" is tiny and you must press your ear against the unit in order to hear clearly.However, if you really like this phone, I don't think any of the above will keep you away from it.  I'd buy it again.Today's Motorola phones all feel so cheap and the RAZR V3 is the exception.  It is a bit expensive but part of the pleasure is to know that you won't see every 15 year old kid with it.  It is a unique and distinctive piece of technology.

I bought a RAZR for my wife a year ago, when Cingular had a monopoly on them and the price was 4x what it is now (silly me!).  It's very stylish and syncs via Bluetooth with the car nicely.  But the battery life on this phone SUCKS!  I've read several reviews noting that it needs to be charged every day -- which, IMO, is ridiculous for any cell phone these days; but I've found that this POS needs to be charged sometimes 2x or more per day, without what I would consider to be extraordinary use.I worked for Motorola for years and know they are capable of making a much better product.  My gut tells me that they once again put form before function on this phone.  Real disappointing.

If you look carefully at these so called "bad reviews" you will notice most of them either don't know how to use the phone OR may have been the 1-2 out of 1000 that received a faulty phone which happens from EVERY manufacturer, EVERY brand, EVERY type of phone.Now my wife & I have had ours for 12 days so far with no problems whatsoever, we ordered 2, I got the Black one she got the silver one. Got BOTH for FREE btw.Just a word about those of you like us that want a "shared plan" from Cingular BUT Amazon does not offer those plans while you order, I ordered 1 phone with 1 cheapest single plan each, now when Amazon sends you the conformation that your order has been shipped you get your "Cell phone Numbers" right then in the email.I simply called Cingular gave them the phone numbers of each phone told them the deal and had the service changed to a "single 700 rollover mins shared plan" before we even got the phones in our hands, so there is no problems at all in that respect. Once we got the phones I called back to check and yes the person from Cingular had done everything as asked, I also checked from the phone itself as you can go to "My Account" from the Main Menu page and phone goes online and checks everything about your account, how many minutes, the plan, when the next bill is due, etc etc, and sure enough everything was as it was supposed to be.As far as signal strength it is excellent in my area, I can go all through our house upstairs and downstairs and it stays between 4-5 bars, I don't recall seeing less than 3 bars all around town so far, the phone gets a great signal, and Cingular "in my area" puts out a great signal.My wife just came back from a business trip, she was about 150 miles away "With NO ROAMING charges" btw our last cell phone service "Alltel" would have been roaming within 20 miles.Anyway when she got to the hotel she called we both had perfect signal strength, we both put phone in "Speaker Phone" mode and she just laid the phone in closed position on the night stand while she unpacked her suitcases, I put mine on my night stand and we talked for about an hour with no problems at all, and it was a FREE call "Mobile to Mobile".We sent a couple text messages to each other that worked no problem.She used the phone as her Alarm clock the next morning which worked perfectly.Now as for what 1-2 reviewers have said about the battery life, most likely they have gotten one of those 1-2 out of 1000.I've had phone 12 days have charged it 3 times and have never let it go to the point where is says it "needs" charging, so average 4 days per charge and just like the manual states it appears as though battery life is getting a bit better after a few charges, So I'm easily going to get 3-5 days per charge, and that's with a lot of fiddling around with it because it's new and 1-2 hours talk time.Some one mentioned they dropped the phone on its hinge and it broke. I have yet to drop the phone but it seems to be very well made to me, either way I would suggest getting a Krusell cover for it which I did but has not been delivered yet, and also insurance for $4.99 a month from Cingular which covers anything and everything for life of the phone, thus that problem is solved.Someone mentioned something about the "address book being slow" not even sure what that means, I only have about 8 numbers in it so far but it comes up virtually instantly for me, maybe if you have 100++ numbers in it might take a couple seconds? dunno.As for searching through the phone book, they mentioned you have to make a new entry for each number for same person, NO you don't, you have the option to show numbers any way you wish, either by "Name" or "Speed dial #" or "Voice name" or even by "Email" and with or without a picture of the person.Someone said it took them 5-10 seconds to open address book and dial a number from it, well I just now did it in under 3-4 secs, not to mention if you have it set for "Voice command" it takes 1 sec.Want it faster and easier if you have a lot of names/entries? then set it for "list only" "no picture" and by "primary number only", simple. You can also separate numbers even further by putting in "Categories" such as "Business/Personal/General/VIPs"Bring up Category your number is in only that way even if you have 100s of Names & #s it thins them to category.When you have "primary number only" listed all you need to do then to get all the other numbers & Email listing for that Name is to "Highlight name and use left or right on the Navigation button to get all the other numbers" once again very simple and easy to use. I find the Phone book to be excellent & fast.1-2 have mentioned something about "ear piece volume too low"  the ear piece volume is fine just make sure the "volume" is turned up and it is just a good as any other cell phone I have ever used, make sure your ear is right at the "top edge of the phone", too low and volume will sound low. Someone mentioned to take out the little blue cover, do NOT do that since it has nothing to do with ear piece volume, there are 4 speaker holes along the top edge of phone just make sure center of your ear is even with these holes and volume is just as loud as any phone you have used.Now myself I find the phone overall to be excellent, gets a great signal, has way more than enough features for me, works very well for its intended purpose "PHONE" seems to be very well made, nice size, looks great, has a really nice screen with sharp image & colors.I have only ONE complaint so far......The screen which looks outstanding inside under any indoor lighting, especially if you are in the dark, well that same screen outdoors under "sunlight" is virtually unreadable. So there you have my one gripe.I will come back and update this if anything changes, but as for right now and for FREE and can hardly see how you can go wrong with this phone.UPDATE: 4/08/08My wife and I still have both of these phones, neither of us have had even one single problem with them and its getting close to 3 years of everyday use (these are our only phones, we only have cell phone service no land line).The only slight problem we have had in over 2 1/2 years is when we finally had to change the battery we went with the cheap $5 battery that you can find several places and they were no where even close to as good as the original battery but that is not the fault of the phone.These phones have preformed flawlessly and we use the hell out of them.

I have experienced a lot of problems with my RAZR phone. I have had to send it back twice to the Motorola repair center. The phone keeps losing its speakers so you can't hear anything. Also, the address book is lousy. The only redeeming feature is that the camera is pretty good. I am planning to buy different phone even though I still have about 1 1/2 years left on my service and will have to pay full price. The guy in the store told me that they get the most returns on the RAZR than any other phone.

I bought a RAZR V3 when I switched from Verizon to Cingular due to pricing structure; I am very sorry now. This phone has so many basic problems that it is hard to believe this is not a phone from 20 years ago. I returned the first one, but the second one has the same problems:1. Garbled sound - I have to keep asking what was said.2. Garbled speech - They have to keep asking what I said.3. Drops calls where Verizon never did to the same numbers.4. Controls hard to reach when talking, and turning up the volume goes from deaf to partially deaf; you just cannot hear some callers that were never a problem with my other, older phones.5. Bad design for one handed operation. I live in a state that allows calls while driving, so one handed operation is a must. This phone, while having a nice big screen, if very hard to work with. The flatness and lack of buttons that can be felt make looking at it while using necesssary.6. The interface is klunky and requires many steps where my old phones required just one. For example, to see received calls you have to go to the "Mall" screen, toggle up and over, go to the "Recent Calls" screen, the to "Received Calls," and then you only get the last 10! The same with calls I've placed. They can be gotton to with the send button, but only 10 are held in memory! My last phone held 30.7. I am going through warranty return to get different phone, and hope the problems of reception and dropped calls are not with Cingular.

Pros: Loud ring; Bluetooth; Easy to useCons: The battery lifeI waited a long time for this phone-Cingular to go on sale $49. I love it, my 5yr. old daughter loves using it also. Other than the finger prints on the screen and the battery life ...it's an excellent phone.

It is the thinnest, lightest, most practical mobile I have ever owned. It fits in any pocket and is not noticeable. It is sleek, stylyish, has all the features of the V600 but also includes a larger, inner LCD, color screen. The light touch keypad is also a wonderful addition and the characters are large and all light up. The ringer is louder than that of the V600. It is overall a wonderfull mobile.

Great looking, great screen, nice and big...but...there is a high pitched sound in the ear piece. Sounds like your brain is being zapped with radio waves or Microwaves...after 3 months it had to be repaired twice by Moto and it still stinks...now T-Mobile will send another one...refurbished of course...waste of money!

Problems:* Volume buttons make a sound when you're trying to put the phone into "silent" mode. Somewhat embarrassing in the middle of a theater. [There is a software hack to change this.]* Alarms can go off (and by default they are quite loud) even when the phone is in "silent" mode. Very embarrassing during a ballet. (Note: An "alarm" is not in the calendar; it's different than a "reminder".)* A Cingular movie plays when I power up the phone, wasting my time. [There is a software hack for this too.] However, I can press "hang-up" to skip it.* The camera is very poor in high-contrast light levels, ie with both bright and dark regions.* Bought via Amazon, the phone was activated before shipped. That meant I could not port my old cell number.Improvements over previous Motorola phones:* Significantly clear and louder outgoing voice than on the V60, according to listeners. (I tested both in succession before deactivating my old phone.)* Motorola has fixed the phone book! If you set it to view "Primary" numbers only, then you get one line per person. This makes the phone book much more useful. And it's better than most phones now b/c you can store multiple work, multiple cell, and multiple e-mail addresses for each person, a very unusual feature.* The side buttons cannot be depressed accidentally.* Much louder ring volume.* With 4 on the toggle thingy, there are now 7 buttons which you can customize, plus short-cuts.* The big, colorful display is great. The calendar is much more useful with more information on the screen. The phone book can be searched quicker (but a page-up/down would be nice). And more of a text message can be viewed. Also, the vibrant colors make the background very pretty.* 9 is no longer tied to "911". (On non GPS phones, 911 is dumb since your location is not known. I use 311 locally for emergencies.)* Pictures can be attached to the phone book, and not just to each person, but to each number. (This is the main value of the mediocre camera.)Conclusion:I just wanted a useful phone that does not make a bulge in my pocket. This is it. Good reception. Good sound quality. Some features which add value, and some which don't, but few which detract. This is the best phone available for someone like me.Note: This Cingular version does *not* come with the fancy box, a bluetooth headset, Motorola PhoneToolsLite software, or the mini-USB-to-USB cable. It comes with the mini-USB charger, and that's it. (Only the uncouth would ask about a belt clip.) It also lacks the Golf and Pool java games that some people like.Addendum: I have dropped it twice now, and it still works fine. Reception is vastly superior to the S-E T-series GSM phones, but not quite as good as the Moto V60 TDMA. The speakerphone is superlative; people say they can't tell it's on, except that it seems to be half-duplex (ie only one party can talk at a time). I can make dinner plans while I tie my tie in front of a mirror, in a part of my house where many people's cell phones get no reception at all!

I've had to buy this phone three times and all three times the software crashed. it's buggy as hell. it also bends easy, so forget about putting it in your pocket. The things are crashing all over the country. It's 500 garbage.  Perhaps in six months time, they'll have it all worked out, but for now, you be better off with two Dixie cups and some string.

Amazon only has 30 days warranty on cell phones. If any problem happens after 30 days, you are dead meat. Stay away from Amazon.

Upon researching this phone endlessly I knew that I was taking a risk upon purchasing it. First (which is really a non sequitur)the packaging and accessories are inferior to what Motorola had issued overseas,and perhaps that is an issue with Cingular and not Motorola. The phone's design is smooth and post modern,truly ahead of its' time. The sound quality was excellent,as was the speakerphone. That is about all of the redeeming qualities that I surveyed on this phone.Motorola and Cingular should really be ashamed that they issued such a beautiful phone at such a very hefty price tag with inferior options to its' predecessors. Because of its' design the memory is low, thus the sacrifices are made in the form of a low quality camera w/o video recording options. It also includes far less ringtones than most phones,and background photos.Such important desktop itemslike the calendar is buried and one must negotiate their way into it (which can probably be changed in my defaults now that I think of it). While the keypad is indeed striking, it is not very functional being that it is completely flat hence, if you are not paying attention you may hit the wrong numbers,but that is a small complaint.If one is inclined to purchase this phone simply because of the design,then go for it. However, if you're trying to get value for your dollar,wait until/if Motorola improves this phone.

** UPDATE: As of last week (04/24), there seems to be new firmware that will enable the video recorder on the Razr, althought there is only 6-8MB of storage so you can't take long clips but that's not a con anymore! I love my RAZR! **So, if a slick phone is what you're looking for then this is the phone to get. It looks hot, and is really, really thin!Pros:* Slim, sexy looking* LARGE Internal screen* Excellent speaker phone* Works awesome as a phone, if that's all you need.Cons:* The battery doesn't last VERY long (it's decent but not insane -- I'm recharging every 2-3 days)* only 6-8MB of storage* Only 0.3 megapixel camera (with 4x digital zoom)In essence -- this phone is about style and not features, so if you want to pull it out and have people look at you enviously then this is the phone to get!If you can wait, I would suggest waiting for the SLVR or PEBL to hit the street... but if you're just looking for a hot phone, and you use it like I do to talk to people and not for all the thousands of features that you'll never end up using then go for it.Also, I would check with your local cingular store since I've heard people getting this for $50 after rebates!

the best motorola phone made!i have had many and this is there best effort yet.it all works like it should and the bluetooth is well made and voice dial is the best i ever had.and the thinest ever.

I recently purchased the Samsung P777 and unfortunately, it broke twice (I say its unfortunate due to its great look and functions), and it was time for a switch. I now have had the  BLK RAZR for 3 days. Here are some pros and cons (Keep in mind, I am 15 years old, and my viewpoints may be different than those of an adults').Pros-Looks (shiny keyboard, ultra-thin, not too wide)-Speakerphone (very loud)-Reception-Nice color screen-Voice Dialing-Sound quality-Seems durableCons-Decent camera-No video recording or MP3 player-Lack of memory-Time is hardly visible on the outside screen during standby mode-Speaker volume is a bit low-Battery LifeI give it 4 stars because it lacks some features. My biggest complaint is the battery life, but just charge it every night and that problem is solved. Overall a good phone. Although it lacks some features, it is worth $200. If your looking for a phone that looks good but lacks some features of a high end phone, then this is for you.

I purchased a cellphone on Amazon.com that had a rebate.  When I got the phone I called T-Mobile and had my number moved over to the new cellphone.  I then sent the rebate information out and received the rebate about 6 weeks later. I encountered no problems with getting the rebate of with transferring the number from Verizon to T-Mobile!

AND I LOVED IT! this is the best phone ive ever had. it is so light and sleek. its worth every pennie.

If you're like me, someone who likes to keep with the times & buy phones that offer the latest features & design, you'd probably want to skip the Razr. I bought it (the first of 5) in June 2005. Had it till December when it was stolen & had to buy it at full retail price (I've learned & now have insurance). At the time, I had to pay $360 (I live in NY). You can see how much the price has dropped in 14 months! I had the 2nd one for about 6 months before it started to develop this persistent, annoying BUZZING sound whenever I was on the phone. It didn't matter if I made or received the call or where I was. I should join the circus as a contortionist for all of the new positions I've discovered in order to bend my body simply to hear & be heard on this phone. Even then, standing on my head would not always lend itself to a clear call for more than a few minutes.Finally, after many calls to Cingular & without success in it getting fixed, they sent me another phone before my warranty was up. A refurbished phone. That was in December 2006. In 2 months, I've received 3 Razrs, all with varying issues. The 2nd one was great for a couple of weeks until out of the blue, the 6 button went CRAZY. I couldn't make a call or text without it inputting 6's or the letters on the 6 button (m,n,o I think). Then it would connect me to the internet without me even pushing that button. I was getting charged for the bytes when I never even chose to use that feature. You can't imagine how terribly annoying it is to have to type a text o n e  l e t t e r  a t  a  t i m e  v e r r r r y  s l o w l y so that the 6's & letters wouldn't go insane (& I mean lines & lines & lines of mmmmnnnnoooommmmnnnooo in a single text which would force me to either abort my text or delete all of the characters).The next phone I got was fine until I tried to download Myspace Mobile & it downloaded but then told me I was not an authorized user. I called to complain about that & all they'd offer was another refurbed phone (i.e. half broken). I declined as the rest of the phone was fine. Then just last week, in the middle of a call, the back of my phone just fell right off. I lost the call & I couldn't make/receive any calls until I got the battery out (no easy feat w/o a sharp object) & slid the SIM in & out a few times to satisfy the persnickity phone. I now have to keep a rubber band around the phone just to keep it together (yeah, real classy!). In addition, it's now making the buzzing sound I had with the 2nd (new) phone.I don't know if these issues will help anyone, but I'm just letting you know my personal experiences have been very frustrating. Cingular is now sending me a new phone (not a Razr) for my troubles & because I threatened to cancel. Hopefully this will hold me over until my contract is up in June.As far as the phone & its features, there's good & bad.SCREEN: great design (i had the silver) & chic looking. However, after a week, you'll never be able to get it clean again. It is forever marred with smudge marks no matter how many times you wipe it clean.Hard to see in bright sunlight.Does come with pretty good amount of wallpapers & you can select the skin color.Able to rearrange menu keys & can select icon only or w/text so you know what you're accessing.KEYS: nice looking blue backlight design.Not easy to differentiate between the different keys because they are so flatEasily smudgedCamera: you can take it or leave it. The zoom is nice but the coloring isn't always that great. But it's a phone so you can't expect it to be perfect. Sending pics is pretty easy but it does take a while to send/store pics.Ring options: I don't know if only my phone did this or whether it's standard, but when I'd plug it into the charger, it will automatically go to LOUD instead of vibrate (my usual setting) or Soft.Reasonable amount of ringtones standard w/phone & the ability to download others.My AIM never worked. I could sign on & get my buddy list & send an IM but I could never receive IMs. Takes a while (long time) to load buddy list.Sound quality is pretty good. And using internet was so so. It did take a while to download & access pages. If you want faster (don't we all?), I'd go with a phone that has 3G.All in all, it's an ok phone. I always had great reception (irrespective of the buzzing which was because the phone was broken, not so much the carrier). However, now that there are so many new phones with more advanced technology, I think more people will probably be moving on. Besides, who wants a phone that 80 million people now have? Boring! :) I have a friend who has the Blackjack and he LOVES it (plus it has the 3G & you can listen to music among other things). I'll be interested to see what the iphone will bring (not 3G, FYI). Good luck!

I've had this phone for 6 months now. Here are the gist of its pros and cons.Pros:- cool looking (although it has lost some of its coolness because it seems that everyone has this phone now)- suprisingly long battery life- ok camera- bright and large screenCons:- sound quality is VERY VERY VERY POOR!!! BAD! MALO!- can only save sms and mms messages in the SIM not the phone memory. (For those not familiar, SIM memory only holds about 30 or so messages)- You can not put the phone to manner mode (vibe) with a single button.  It requires at least three key strokes. (this may sound like no big deal to some, but to me, I don't want to 1.flip open the phone, 2. press two more key strokes 3. scrol down to vibrate, during or before a meeting.- the menus are hard to get used to.Opinion:If you only care about how you will look with cool looking phone, then the razr may be the phone for you. However, if you are used to the good sound qualities of panasonic, sonyEricsson, or Nokia, this phone is sure to dissapoint.  The phone is sleek but the sound quality is poor (noticible cracks at high volume) and the speaker volume just does not get loud enough.  (for example, if you are walking around midtown manhatten, you will not be able to carry on a conversation with ease because it will be too hard to hear the end caller).  If you are going for style AND good sounding phone, there are options.  Get the new samsung D807 which is just as thin as the razr and has splindid sound quality and better firmware.  If you are a heavy data user get the new smaller blackberry or the Nokia 6682 (the new simbian platform allows third party apps and lots of goodies).  If you are thinking about buying the motorola Slvr, DON'T! It uses esentially the same firmware as the razor and the sound quality is just as poor. (my relatives all own the above mentioned phones)CONCLUSION:Don't get conned by clever marketting. Motorola phone are below par in sound quality and others such as the nokia and the samsung has good if not better looking phones, if style is your thing.

Wow. Since the price dropped I ran out and bought this phone. Most important to me were the following in this order. Speakerphone, battery life, bluetooth and design. The RAZR doesn't dissapoint in those areas. The speakerphone is one of the better ones that I've ever used. I've been in separate rooms and didn't have a problem communicating in either direction. The battery life will last me approximately three days without charging. I only talk about 30 minutes a day on my phone. The benefits of BT goes without saying. The design of the phone to say the least is phenomenal. If you're the type that want's to turn heads, then get this phone just for that fact. I've read some reviews saying the phone is too wide. For me, since I have small-to-medium sized hands it fits very comfortable. The display is phenomenal.Now to my dislikes. I feel these are minor and shouldn't be a deterant. 1) The buttons will take a bit of getting used too. 2)The outer display would have been better if it used the same amount of colors as the internal display. 3) The address book is a bit too cumbersome. 4)Web navigation is absolutely slow. I don't know if it's the service or the OS.Since I use my cell as my home phone it was important to me to have a high quality phone with as many features as possible. If all the cell phone manufactures would take a cue from Motorola on the design and feature set of this phone we would all be in cell phone nirvana.

While the form factor is excellent, the quality is very poor. I am on my 4th one since buying the phone and service package in Feb. '05.First, the screen went deadSecond, the keypad went inoperativeThird, it would not power up at allFourth (the current one) the screen has sharp lines across it. Can go away with a hard reset, but it's a nuisance.While the service provider has willingly replaced each one promptly, I would not buy this phone again. The fact that the price has droped form $500 to free in 6 months further supports my positon.I asked the service provider to replace this phone with another model, but they refused. They expressed willingness to replace it like-for-like as often as needed, while it's still under warranty. Amazing.I wonder who absorbs the cost of warranty on this unit. The manufacturer, or the service provider?

The #1 reason to buy (and keep) this phone is the slim form factor.  Let's face it - for guys who don't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager, a pants or suit pocket is the only option.  This phone is far and away the best one in that regard.  I forget it's there a lot of the time.  It is also built EXTREMELY solidly, and does NOT scratch easily, although the SCREEN scratches easily.However, the battery life is terrible.  I literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth.  You MUST get the car charger immediately.  Even though I had bought one on the internet, I couldn't wait for it because the phone kept dying so I raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord.The Motorola HS-850 BT headset is great but occassionally loses connection w/the phone, which is frustrating.The only reason I kept this phone is the size.

This was a great phone for me for about 6 months.  It's small, light, can handle being dropped now and then, and has easy keys to see and use.  I took it for a short bike ride (maybe 30 mintutes).  Since I didn't have pockets, I put it against my skin under elastic.  I perspired lightly, but it was enough to kill the phone.  It partially revived with several keys not working.  ...hope that helps any potential buyers.  Keep it very dry!

First of All, the Razr has been a delight to own.  My only complaints are the available receiver volume (too low) and its tendency to turn off if you bang it a little hard.  (The battery can be reseated and everything's grand.However, after 8 months, I finally heard back from my rebate.  For reasons not explained, I was ineligible for any rebate.Just be careful!

I had the phone since March 2005. Never had any problems except Cingular may drop the call occassionally. I dropped the phone twice on the street already (still working by far and not even a crack on the phone, luck me).The only wishful improvement on the phone is bluetooth. If I am in the middle conversation and call is dropped. The bluetooth headset will not respond until I reconnect the headset to the phone (or, it could be headset problem - Model is HS850). Other than that, I am happy with the phone.

It is light weight, slim, and the lcd comes in so clear! The camera is not bad also! The new design makes it very easy to use, and very fun. If you are new to using cell phones or not a tech guru this phone is for you!

I have had the Motorols Razor V3 for about 3 months. I have had no problems with it. I have taken it everywhere Hawaii, Flordia, France, London, and the UK(and i only had like 1-2 groped calls over there) I would really recomend this phone to anyone. and I love Cingular Wireless i had att wireless then they combined and it is even better. The Bluetooth is easy to set up to.

It seems clear to me that many of my fellow reviewers of this product were short-changed.  I, contrastingly, love this cell phone.  It would appear that the fault does not lie with the phone itself, rather with Cingular.I'll cut right to the chase.  This phone is sleek, attractive, sexy, the ultimate cell phone.  At 33, I have been waiting for this phone since back in the day when Motorola's phones were the size of one's head.  The screen is hot.  The sound is crystal clear.  Ring tones are easily downloaded.  Pictures are what you would expect from a gadget whose prime directive is not as a digital cam, rather as a cell phone.  Secondary functions remain just that, secondary.  Despite this fact, the picture quality is clear, and pictures are easily downloaded to your pc.Think of the V3 as the Delorean of cell phones.  My opinion has always been, regarding cell phones, that if it doesn't fit in my pocket (without bulk), I don't want it.  At 5'6", and 30" waist, I can easily slide this phone into any one of my Levi's pockets.Unfortunately, many preceding reviewers got jipped.  I bought the V3 overseas, and even the packaging was impressive.  It came in a gorgeous metallic box, matching the V3's exterior shell, and it included the following accessories (no joke): LEATHER CASE (soft, superior quality), CHARGER, USB CABLE, USB CD-ROM, EARPHONE HEADSET, and MANUALS.  I must add, of course, that I purchased the V3 unlocked, i.e., from no particular carrier.CONCLUSION: I could discuss the beauty of the V3 ad nauseum; rather, ladies and gents, I'll leave you to your decision.  I hope that my opinion has helped you place the preceding reviews in perspective.  Enjoy!

Well it's nearly time to get a new plan, my 2-year contract ends in July, and I'm already looking at phones. This that I've learned along the way:-Note Taking, I had an sony ericon prior to my RAZR and I love how i could write a note and save it. However I can't do that with the Razr I can't write a not without sending it. Or if you can I never figured it out.-Not Ideal if you cry a lot on the phone. It's been a very stressful two years. My fiance joined the Army + I transfered to a College in what feels like the middle of nowhere = Lot of Tears. Anyways tears kind rusts the keys, and there for have to push the keys harder. Anyways last month the tears really created a problem, it's gotten into the wiring and well the screens workage is hit or miss. I know the phone is still working by the fact the keys light up and when I play with the volume it chimes. Most time it only takes restarting the phone to force the screens to work. I'm not going to replace the phone this close to end of contract though.-Don't drop it. okay a couple drops on carpets is fine... The fiance got his razr last december, and during the summer it sliped out of his hands in the parking lot and landed closed but on the top right coner. The phone chiped and left the wires exposed. The phone still worked which was neat, however the two parts didn't stay together properly and eventually the wires snaped.-Love the photo ability. I do a lot of crafting, and I find the picture quality ideal of snapping a shot of what i've made and then posting on-line. Since my phone is always on me I don't have to try to hunt for an actual camera. Also that you can take pictures of youself, when you close the phone in picture more the top screen will show you the camera image, very handy.-Bluetooth is your friend. I wasn't a fan of the wireless headset, my ears don't like them. But the ease of set up for it was a breeze. As long as you laptop likes you (read has bluetooth abilities) transering pictures is a breeze, my previous laptop didn't have bluetooth and the little adapters you can buy were to small for me to keep up. Instead I merely used my roommates comp to get the pictures off my phone. when roomate wasn't around then oh wells.-I don't want to talk to you funtion. Not sure what it's really called, but the ability to make the phone be quiet with just the touch of one of the side buttons makes me very happy.-Love how I can slide it into my pocket. Not really and issue with most phones unless you count the pda ones then that's pushing it. But I walk around with my wallet the size of my razr, keys, and phone. So it's nice that it's not really bulky.Overall I'm rather happy with the phone. I haven't done much research, I might just get a new Razr as my new phone :)

I just purchased the Razr and have to admit when I first saw the commercial I wanted the phone, even before I knew what features it had.  Plus I wanted something no one else had.  Now that I have it I LOVE IT.  I love that it is small and compact.  It has great camera, the reception is awesome (although it can sound like there is an echo-doesn't bother me though), overall it's great.Minor gliches, multiple entries for one person (does anybody have suggestions for this?) and smudge marks (constanly wiping phone:)-.  The price is high, but if you get it on Amazon you get the amazing rebate, which then puts the phone in the price range of all the others out there.  Other than these I have not run into any major problems.  I recommend the phone to anyone who likes gadgets, like myself!

I have had this phone for little over 2 months now and have had not one problem with it. Not only does it look amazing, but it's light and ultra thin. This phone also has a great camera that adjusts well in almost all lighted areas.Pros:- Design (Light & Thin)- External LCD Display- Bluetooth CapabilitiesCons:- Hard to Hold

I have had my Motorola V3 Razr for about three months now and dust has gotten inside the screen, so i took off the screen protector and i cleaned out all the dust, but when i put the screen protector back on more dust had gotten behind the screen, i found the problem and it was because dust had been sticking to the glue used to hold the protector in place, i've heard that a new protector is only about 4 bucks so i plan on getting a new one.  over all i think that the razr V3 is a good phone and mine only costed me 100$ CAD from rogers, i have always had 4 phones in the past 3 years about all being flip phones so in the future i plan on purchasing the ''motorola slvr(sliver)''

I bought this phone earlier last year when it first came out. I have had it for almost an year now and I like it so far. I havn't had any problems with it at all. The phone itself is somewhat small (not the smallest phone out there) and thin. The programs included in the phone are adequate but not great. The phone also has a limited memory chip. You can only store so many files on the phone at a time. The sound is just okay. Although it does play mp3 files (so you can record you own ringtone), the ringtone always comes on 1/2 a second later when the phone starts to flash. The sound quality is acceptable but not fantastic--Motorola E398 is far more superior. I personally LOVE the programs that Motorola offers on their cell phones. They are far better than Nokia. The V3 uses mini USB to charge and to transfer files. Mini USB cords are used by many digital cameras and I happened to have one. So, I didn't have to buy additional accessory for the V3 phone and I could create my own background pictures and ringtone. Just download the Mobilephone tools. I had it with my other E398 phone so it worked perfectly. All in all, the phone is good but definitely not worth paying the full suggested retail prices. I only paid half the price though, so it is acceptable to me. I also have a comment about the 17 y.o. who also reviewed this phone. Your dropped call problem does NOT originate from the motorola phone itself. It's because of Cingular. I had them before and would NEVER get them again. My suggestion is to get an unlocked V3 and go with T-mobile =)

I must say that the Razr is another product in a bad line of phones from Motorola.  I thought that given all the hype about this phone, it would be pretty good.  I got this phone for $200 and had it for about three weeks and then all of a sudden, there was always a buzzing sound in the earpiece whenever I used it.  After I had enough of the buzzing sound and terrible reception, I returned it and got another one.  The new one not only had the buzzing sound and bad reception, but also the screen had a bunch of noticable lines across it which was very annoying.Having had enough of this phone, I decided to to get the Sony Ericsson Z500a for only $50. The Z500a is not as fancy as the Razr, yet it's performance and reliability are light years ahead of the Razr.

I have had this phone for a couple of months now, and couldn't be happier.  The fact that amazon can sell these with rebates that make the phone free was what sealed the deal for me.Mobile Phone Tools is a must, you need to get the CD, ir really unlocks the capabilities of the phone, you could check ebay for some great prices that include the cable to hook it up to your computer.  This will allow you to put video on your phone, mp3 ringtones, wallpaper and screen saversThere are several additional pieces of software that will allow the phone to capture video and you can install games on your phone and all at no cost to you.  The functionality of the phone is great as it allows the synching of the phone with outlook, for contacts and calendar issues.Adding any new files or information to your phone can be done with your computer, so you don't have the issue of entering information by hitting the number keys on the phone.I would highly reccomend this phone, free is also an excellent price.

seems everyone is trying to get mutiple phone numbers for single person... all u need to do is trun on the view primary contacts in the phone book menu. store the different numbers in to same name under one person. then mutiple phone numbers for same name will only show up once. if you want another phone number of that person, you can scroll to that name using up and down key then use the left and right key to show different icon for that person/name.also in the phone book you can click on view then using up and down to view other numbers for that person, in that mode, it will list all the numbers.about the phone, i think the craftsmanship could be better or more consistent for this price... the phone wouldn't close flush.... and the bettery back wouldn't close flush on one of my phone... the buttons inprint onto the screen... it dont use the normal headphone jack anymore, it's using the mini USB (the only connection port) for both headphones and charge.also if you want to sync with your outlook, you need to buy the mobile phone tools software and the USB to mini USB cable, both 2.11 and 3.11 versions of MPT will sync outlook addresses but only 3.11 will let you have a v3 look for the program and can add/edit media files to the phone. you can find more info on those on net by searching "mobile phone tools 3.11". I transfered my phone book over from my sony t616 to outlook then to v3 with no problem. if you use my method on the top you will have similar phone book funtions on the v3 as of t616.dont border put v3 onto bluetooth sync, cause the phone dont have the bluetooth sync profile, so you cant sync with your own bluetooth device, may be only the ones from motorola.amond all, the voice, the speaker-phone, the receptions, the screen and non-motorola bluetooth headphones works great on this phone.

What a GREAT cell phone. The LCD is crisp. The menues are easy to use. It has plenty of storage space. The battery life is pretty good. The clairity is much better than average. The bluetooth feature functions flawlessly. The speakerphone is perfect. Downloads are faster than usual. I'll try to think of something negative and let you know later. After 60 days, so far so good.

I like this phone. Quad band allows me to leverage the best of GSM in Bay Area with Cingular. The design is just so sleek. I have no complaints.

This phone was one big waste of money.  I am a college student so $350 was a big chunk of change for me and it wasn't worth it.  Shortly after I got the phone it started acting crazy and of course, my company didn't have insurance on it.  Now it doesn't work and I'm totally out a phone.  I will never buy from moto again.

This is a great phone with everything I wanted esp. bluetooth,camera and most important STYLE ;)However I noticed one problem on the phone..Bluetooth does not work at times, the phone gives an error message saying "Bluetooth not enabled". It occured twice in last 2 weeks but I could not reproduce it, seems to be random error. I had to reboot the phone and then it started working just fine. Not sure if its only my phone as I think nobody else had this problem.Overall I love this phone, its loud and clear with easy to use user interface and again it looks COOOOOL!About Cingular, it does not offer anything free! There was not a single game on the phone and no cool ringtones or backgrounds. Most of the services like text messaging are priced at nearly double the rate of tmobile. Thats something to consider before moving to Cingular!

The V3 has been the mobile phone to own. Its reputation even here seems to precede its true cabilities. Nice screen. Great color. Key pad is stylish but difficult to use when writing text messages and even dialing the right phone number. Better to have phone numbers in directory (many easy ways to access without dialing the wrong number). The photo capabilities are so poor that if you want this feature on your phone, go look elsewhere (Nokia much better). Do not drop this phone. It becomes history faster than any other phone I have owned. This is also obvious since Cingular does not offer insurance on this phone - and only this phone!! If you want to own the phone to have according to the hype out there then buy it. If you want a phone to last more than 6 months, look elsewhere. A true disappointment. Not worth more $99 based on features, camera, keypad and longevity.

I'll start with the bad first, given the amount of interest this phone has generated.1) The Phonebook application is a little...wonky. Some people have said you can't add more than one piece of contact info per contact, which is NOT true. You can, but its nearly hidden underneath the "MORE" function while editing the contact. However, its not convenient and you cannot add additional e-mail addresses or phone numbers to your contacts using the Phone Tools app...which is annoying, since T-Mobile charges $30-40 for the hardware/software bundle.1a) It also takes forever to scroll through your Phonebook contacts. I thought it MIGHT be caused by having some SIM contacts, so I transfered all of them to phone memory. No dice. The scroll speed is untenable. Even my wife's Moto V330 is quicker. What gives? I had to create a voice prompt for almost every contact in my list.2) Even at full blast, the volume just isn't loud enough. Plus, the "audio sweet spot" on the speaker is hard to keep next to your ear. If you are planning to get a Bluetooth headset and use that exclusively, this shouldn't keep you from getting the phone.3) Compared to a Samsung V205, a Sony Ericsson P910i and Motorola's own V330, the RAZR gets poorer reception. The previous phones mentioned all get four bars at my house. The RAZR gets 2. This even after calling T-Mobile tech support for help. Their advice? "Keep turning the phone on and off and it will hopefully find another tower."4) T-Mobile offers NO games for this phone yet. Given how high profile this form factor has become, I find this level of support to be somewhat poor. I know - you don't buy a phone for its games. But just to show how lacking T-Mobile's support is...the RAZR includes a demo for BeJeweled. After the (very) short demo is over, it asks if you want to buy it. Clicking the link brings you to a webpage that says "Sorry, we don't offer games for your phone yet". My wife's V330 has a similar issue. She's had it for over 4 months and services like T-Mobile STILL offer no games for the phone. Again, I know you shouldn't buy a phone based on the number of games offered for it, but its still a feature, something to whittle away the time while waiting at the DMV.5) Camera phone still only 640x480. Decent pics at that resolution, but given that there are cheaper phones on the market (I didn't get this phone for free) with higher pixel values, this is a moderate oversight on Moto's part6) Phone response is fairly poor as well. Example - going through my contacts by pressing keys (going from Q to R to S)...so very slow. You think the phone hasn't responded so you mash the button again, at which point it responds to TWO button presses and you have to start all over again.7) The Phone Tools application is a little user unfriendly and totally geared to people who mess around with Outlook CSVs on a daily basis. I've managed to get it to work, but not without some work.Alright, so now for the good.1) This phone is a veritable conversation piece. Oohs and ahhs all around...if you care about that sort of thing. I usually don't. I just want a functional phone that gets good battery life, gets a decent signal and can withstand a beating (I'm a klutz). But if you do care about the conversation-worthyness of your cell phone, this one has it in spades.2) Great battery power. I've had it on for 5 days at moderate usage and I've still got 2 bars left.3) This is a sturdy phone. My kid has already dropped it on cement twice and I've seen NO scratches at all. Maybe I'm lucky, as another reviewer mentioned that poor build quality on his piece. I've not had any issues. The phone is rock solid.4) The usual amount of ringtones and wallpapers....all of which are amazingly expensive. Why does it cost 2 bucks for a hi-fi ringtone lasting 20 seconds when I can buy the song at iTunes for a dollar?5) The PhoneTools software allows you to create your OWN ringtones. I haven't played around with the software yet, so I'm going to guess that your abilities to import MP3s or CD-audio will be truncated to some degree.6) Excellent Bluetooth performance. Haven't had the opportunity to test file transfers and such, but the RAZR's connection to my Moto BT headset is great. Doesn't matter which side of my body they are situated. Decent sound quality even at 20 feet of unobstructed space.7) Did I mention this phone is attractve?8) Ringtones can get quite loud, even without degrading ringtone sound quality. I wish the speaker was this loud.This phone has some serious shortcomings - most important among them is the poor performance of the Phonebook app, poor signal quality and low speaker volume. Ordinarily, I'd be bringing the phone back, like, tomorrow. But the design of the phone and its excellent BT performance makes me want to hang onto it.Hopefully, Moto learns from their mistakes and releases a RAZR V4 with better earpiece volume and snappier response times.

Yes, the phone looks cool, but not worth the inability to hear the person on the other line. I bought the $20 earpiece and actually can hear better with that, though it is a little too big for my ear. I've had the phone for 2 months and it does seem a little slow, like it had a stroke. I don't know if it's the phone or the service, but my signal does get choppy and cut out at least once during a conversation. And it fails some of the calls I dial often. Overall, if you don't have to pay for the phone, it's not a bad deal, but I wouldn't spend a dime on it.

To be completely honest, you are paying for style with this phone. Yes it is slim, but honestly, how big of a deal is that? The phone is quite long, pretty wide, and yet beautiful. It looks otherworldly, actually. You can get a phone that performs all of the V3's functions for 50-100 bucks less if you wanted. This phone, however, has been perfect for me and I am absolutely in love with its metal casing and design. Cingular's service is great as usual. I have not dropped a call yet.I used to own a Nokia 6800 phone, and to be quite honest, the software on the Nokia made much more sense than Motorola's. The address book on the V3 does a poor job of supporting multiple phone numbers for a single person. As previous reviewers stated, you have to add an entry for each number, instead of listing multiple numbers under one name. It makes for a very messy phone book. The Nokia has a supremely superior phone book. That, however, is really my only complaint.A couple things about this phone you might not expect:- The V3 DOES NOT have a flash. Not a big deal for me, as it adjusts for brightness better than my real digital camera, but there you have it.- The V3 can't take video. It can play video like a TV, but you can't record any video with the phone.- Alas, this phone has NO GAMES. lol............i'm such a nerd. You have to buy any games you want to play on this baby.

I got this phone about a week ago and sure, it's thin, it's cool looking but in the end, it's just a phone. I was deciding between the V3 and a nokia 6230. I really think i should've gone with the nokia.- The V3's speakerphone isn't that loud. I turn it on and end up turning it back off because i can hear better without it.- The phone has a slim profile but it's actually pretty large. it's just thin. When it's open, it looks huge against your face.- The buttons are flat and takes used to using. This is especially true if you like to text message a lot, like me. The upside to this is that Motorola's iTap software is really nice to use compared to my old samsung.- Yes, it has a large screen. but when you use it, oils from your face get all over it. the oils from your fingers get on the keys which transfer to the screen.- no games unless you want to connect to the internet. BUMMER!!- crappy ring tones. again, you'll have to pay for better ones.The nice thing about cingular is that yes, you have good reception, mobile to mobile, and rollover. The bad thing is they totally rip you off in text messages compared to t-mobile.

Beware! Offer only good if you are starting a brand new account. You cannot use this for a second or third line phone, or a upgrade, you will get a $250.00 charge.

I bought a Razr in Aug/Sep timeframe and then sent a rebate form promptly early in Nov and its been almost 10 weeks and am getting the run around.I do not think Amazon has any reason to fulfil the rebate and am stuck waiting another 8-10 weeks.Do not buy the phone if you are even remotely thinking of redeeming the rebate.

Ok i bought this phone when it first came out yes it was 500 dollars with a plan. i had to have it but then the negatives cam such as it was to thin couldnt feel it in you pocket so you would constintly have to feel for it, then again sometime when you would wear tighter jeans the phone was to wide and it got annoying. The phone is also not that durable yes i am a human i drop things and when i droped this phone it would break. the camera was a good one and i loved the video feature. however after breaking this one i got a motorola v220 and was much happier it had most of the same functions but yet its more durable like i can drop it and not worry about it and stuff like that so over all if you have the money and you want a phone to show off then get this phone its for you.

Right off I have to say that when it comes to cell service and phones and the inherent contracts: you get what you pay for, in more ways than one, and buyer beware!  I do my research, ad nauseum, before getting into a new contract or into bed with a new cell provider. I've been a Nextel subscriber for two years with an i90 and an i730. Both lovely phones - service very professional from Nextel - coverage and features what I expected.  But like I said, I researched that to death before I bought their phones or their service.  Got the phones from Amazon.I, too, was taken by the looks of the RAZR, and so was my wife once she saw one.  But was it as good as it looked and was it worth and worth switching carriers for?  For one, Nextel wasn't making it easy to stay with them - they got into bed with Sprint and I had Sprint for years and still have nightmares about their customer service.  (Plus, the price for an "upgrade phone" for Nextel was *unacceptable* from my point of view.  Everyone knows you get a cheaper phone with a new contact!)I got two RAZR's at a local retailer - sorry Amazon, but your rebates with Cingular aren't worth the effort - and paid $99 each, best price *anywhere.*  I got a family plan which is on par with Verizon's and saves me a bunch of money over Nextel.  A *bunch* of money.  Two words: rollover minutes.I spent just an hour charging the phone, reading the manual and configuring the phone to function as well, if not better, than my i730, which is a *great* phone, and noticed similarities in function and detail and quality to Sony, Motorola and Nokia phones friends of mine have.  I repeat: I read some of the manual, which is something many people seem to avoid.For anyone complaining about the phone/ address book, shame on you.  I was worried about the address book based on reviews, but after five minutes with the manual and using the phone, I got the RAZR to do *everything* my nifty i730 could do and then some.  There are so many ways to configure the address book it's silly.  You can assign and create "categories"  for numbers and addresses and even have the phone only display certain categories so you only have to flip thru the numbers you want to flip thru.As for the complaints about battery life, the RAZR has a six-plus hour talk time on it, better than half the phones on the market today.  I can say that cos I feel like I've researched about half the phones on the market ... :)  Do this: plug your phone in when you go to sleep at night.  I can *guarantee* you it will be fully charged in the morning.Fragile phone? How clumsy are you?  I've beaten up lots of phones over the years and you should expect just about anything this side of a brick to break when you drop it.  Half of my i730 is made of the same material the RAZR is and has a lousier belt clip to boot, which has allowed my i730 to fall the the ground way too many times.  I'm happy with the material and it's expected durability.  Stop throwing your delicate, *expensive,* micro-electronic device around like it's made of teflon.  *Be careful.*I am not on the camera-phone bandwagon primarily because what is required to merge unlike technologies is by it's nature usually expensive and difficult.  (A good example is the ROKR, the so-called iTunes phone.  I have an iPod, and if that phone had come close to actually blending the best of the wireless world and the abilities of iTunes and the iPod,I would have bought it, but it came far short of doing that cos blending two ideas like that isn't the easiest thing to pull off well ...) The RAZR is not expensive because it has a great camera or a large memory stick or can capture full-motion video and zip it over to your dorm room buddies in the blink  of an eye.  It's expensive because it's a *slick* looking phone and makes other phones on the shelf self-conscious.  Most of the professional reviews of this phone gave it low marks for camera abilities, so don't be surprised by that.  Want a good camera phone for Cingular? The Sony s710 got great reveiws; good luck getting it for less than twice what the RAZR costs.  That's the difference.Last thing - I got the phone knowing I have 30 days to send the whole thing back if it's not working out for me.  So there's a little consumer-friendly cushion to give me some time to fully evaulate the phone.  Still, I did my research so there wouldn't be too many surprises when I got the phone.Hope this helps.

Okay my mom Bought the RAZR and i bought the sony ericsson z500a and the ericsson is 10x better.  The RAZR does have a really good camera though.  But the RAZR has virtually no additional features compared to the other MOTO's!  DON'T BUY IT!

Be very wary of Amazon's new promotion for a the $50 Razor with new Cingular service.  If you read the fine print you'll find that porting your number to a Cingular account "makes you ineligible for the Amazon.com rebates."  Other than that the phone is decent, it looks cool (thin but wide) and is a good deal for $50 if you don't need to port an old number.

I love this phone because of its dimensions.  It is so thin that you can just slide it into your pocket without any problems.  Also, the battery last for a very long so you do not have to charge the phone every couple of days.  The programs in conjuction with the camera makes this phone amazing.  I would buy this phone again if for any reason I were to lose the one I have.  It is so user friendly.  The camera is very good.  You can use it if you are cheap and want to have another background on the phone and do not want to pay for one.  Take a picture off your computer screen.  The different ring tones on this phone are awesome.  It can store many phone numbers and has a lot of memory to store pictures.  This is the best phone on the market right now.

Sexy form... CHECK. Innovative construction... CHECK. Exclusive price tag... CHECK. In a sea of flip phones and candy bar phones that all look alike, the RAZR V3 is the Ferrari of mobile phones and stands out as such. If you're looking for a feature rich phone, then the V3 is not for you as a V600 will provide the same features for far less. But if you want a high-quality constructed phone that screams, &#34;look at me, I'm a sexy b*tch,&#34; then the V3 is up your alley.Actually, a better analogy would be: The Acura NSX of mobile phones. Like the NSX, I feel the V3 is a marketing tool for Motorola. It's their way of saying, &#34;We're known for inexpensive phones, but, look, we can build stylish, well-crafted, high-end phones too!&#34;Unless wireless technology improves from GSM, the V3 is a phone that I can definitely keep for more than 2 years. The styling, design, and construction is just that good (I upgraded from a trusty and reliable, yet mediocre Nokia 3360 TDMA phone).There's been quite a debate about the construction of the V3 and the best explanation that I've heard is that the bottom backside (below the battery cover) and the lower front is plastic for the antenna. It certainly makes perfect sense to me (unless the metal frame IS the antenna) as all the other areas are cold to touch (in this weather) while those areas are usually room temperature. Furthermore, it would be misrepresentation on Motorola's part to advertise it as such. Regardless, this phone may seem flimsy, but it's very solid -- there is no comparison w/ my old Nokia 3360 and my girlfriend's V551.Mikey's likeys:1- The mini-USB port. This is great for single-point access for data and charging -- it's simple and should be a mobile phone standard!2- The Bluetooth connectivity. Coming from a wired hands-free setup, my Bluetooth headset (a Jabra BT250) is a godsend. I can leave the V3 charging in my home office and still be connected in the living room. (SIDE NOTE: stay away from from the D-Link Bluetooth USB adapter for PC connectivity and get the Belkin F8T001 adapter -- read my review on the D-Link for details)3- Quad band. Doubtful that I'll ever use this feature/benefit, but those two words will certainly impress all around you.4- The speakerphone. I've been a non-believer of mobile phone speakerphones, but I've got to admit, the V3's speaker phone is the bomb. It's loud and clear (but not loud enough for the car). My girlfriend tells me that I sound better w/ the V3 speakerphone than w/ my old Nokia 3360 and wired headset setup. When I don't have my Bluetooth headset, I'm spoiled w/ the speakerphone.5- The internal display. Going to the V3 from the Nokia 3360 is a leap of spacial proportions and after a couple of weeks, I have found myself to be spoiled w/ large internal display. And not only that, the V3 has an ATI IMAGEON graphics accelerator! All other phones (excluding PDA phones) pale in comparison in this regard.Mikey's no-likeys:1- No memory expansion. I don't see myself using up all 5MB of internal memory, but an SD/MMC card expansion slot would be nice. Maybe Motorola (or somebody else -- maybe myself) will come out w/ a mini-USB adapter for this purpose.2- Poorly written owner's manual. I have found that the owner's manual is more like a reference manual and sometimes leaves you figuring things out on your own. It does not explain how to use many common features that owners (especially ones new to Motorola phones) use. Instead, it lists all the features and expects you to put 1 and 1 together. It's like the &#34;C++ Reference&#34; vs &#34;Learn How to Program in C++ in 21 Days.&#34; Maybe Motorola's technical writers are just to technical?3- Drops and dings. Like any &#34;Ferrari,&#34; I'll probably go into a week-long mourning the first time I drop or ding the phone. I'm hoping there will be [good] cases available to protect my V3 while it juggles around w/ keys in my pocket. (SIDE NOTE: I have heard that Cingular / Lockline is not insuring this phone, but my Cingular sales guy was hesitant sell me the phone unless I bought the insurance)4- No EDGE. My girlfriend's $99 Motorola v551 has EDGE. Shame, shame, shame Motorola. Bad Motorola. Bad, bad, bad. Alas, it's akin to buying a $160k Ferrari 360 Modena and having a cheap $20 factory stereo system (or paying $90k for an Acura NSX and it's only 290hp).5- Internal display colors. I was all hyped up to hear about 260k colors, but Motorola's specs after some detective footwork is 65k colors, but up to 260k colors in MPEG-4 video playback. Very, very, sneaky and mis-leading indeed.Wishlist:1- I wished there was a PocketPC smart phone version of this phone. PocketPC + V3 form factor = perfection.Regarding multiple numbers for one name in the review below -- you can set the phonebook to display only primary numbers by:1- setting the primary number for all the names that have multiple numbers (you don't have to do this if a name only has one number);2- set the address book view to &#34;Primary Contacts&#34; in Phonebook Menu &#62;&#62;&#62; Phonebook Setup &#62;&#62;&#62; View;3- voila, only primary numbers are displayed.The way Motorola has implemented this is not very intuitive as Nokia's implementation (refer to my owner's manual dis-like above), but I have found Motorola's implementation to be a little more robust.UPDATE: It's been nearly three weeks since I've bought this phone and no buyer's remorse.

Despite on what you might read in these reviews this phone is a great upgrade. I recently upgraded from my V600, the V3 is a bit wider as some may have noted several times but this gives you a larger screen to view. It has a better color resolution than the V600 with some added features: Better AIM interface, quick launch buttons for email and Internet, wider body makes for easy handling of phone (if used without Bluetooth headset (HS850). The one thing I like also (for you V600 users) is the flush keypad! My screen of my V600 would get scratched from the flip contacting the keys.) Not so the V3. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is I had to purchase my own clip (holster) the phone also does not come with a headset, (Not a big issue if you plan to use the Bluetooth).

I got the Razr from Cingular 10 days ago. It ran $200 with a 2 yr contract. That seemed a bit steep, but it looked like a nice phone with the features I wanted. I got it home and got it set up with my numbers/personalization/etc. I was surprised to see the software was identical to the V400 I had a couple of years ago.Initially the phone seemed great. It's visually stunning and has a huge beautiful screen with a decent VGA camera. It's very thin, but fairly wide. The speakerphone worked great and I was able to set up my bluetooth earpiece with no problems. I found it slightly annoying that the V3 is the only phone Motorola offers that uses a mini-usb connector, so accessories are hard to find. Reception is average. I had several dropped calls, but that could just be my area. I got over these minor complaints due to the wow-factor.Yesterday I started having problems. I was expecting a call and when I hadn't received it by 5 I checked my phone only to find that it was powered off. I tried to turn it back on and it wouldn't respond. I had to take the battery out, wait a few minutes and put it back in before it would turn back on. After that it started resetting itself about 1 out of 10 times I opened it. Cingular was great and they offered to replace it with a new handset with no problems since it was in the initial 30 day grace period. They did tell me that the Razr is the only phone on which they don't offer insurance, which doesn't inspire confidence. I went with the Nokia 6230 which is smaller overall, has more features and just seems to be more durable.Overall I'd say the Razr is a nice phone with good features, but Motorola needs to work on their software. If you're looking to impress people, this phone is great. As far as features per dollar, there are much better phones out there.

I waited two months for my previous wireless contract to end and basically went with Cingular just to get this cool looking phone. I am not a fashion maven but the Razr is the sexiest cell phone ever designed... PERIOD!!! In the week that I have owned it I have gotten envious looks from most people, and from friend and co-wrokers they all commented on the sleek looks. Like a Ferrari on a Sunday drive, it's hard not to notice the Razr.I was afraid that a phone so thin cannot possibly contain all the needed technology to do what it was meant to do, take and make cellular calls. I was surprised to drive past the County Police barracks, a place where even my Motorola I730 would drop every call, and the Razr stayed true blue, the call stayed with me. The inner screen is bright and clear and the memory has upwards of 4 megs. That is enough to hold a truck load of pictures and downloads and ringtones if that is what floats your boat.I love the ringtone that mimics the Motorola commericals, "Hello Moto!"There is even a feature where you can mix an dmatch your own sounds based off a standard ringtone. You can design the phone's functions around YOU.There are a ton of features that I cannot explain here simply because I am still figuring out how to use them. I especially love the pictuer caller ID, sure beats having to read a number at a glance.I am very pleased with my Razr and I am recommending it to anyone from tech-weenies to fashion mavens to contruction workers like myself. This is one bada$$$ cell phone. The cool factor simply cannot be denied. Motorola, you have made a classic masterpiece. Kudos.Michael "Ellis" JamesCycle News, mxlarge.com, motonews.com, mxwired.com

I actually wanted to give this phone 4.5 stars but decided to give it one since there are people like me out there who prefer to check the lowest reviews first.I found out from a friend that there's a ton of things you could do to bring out the phone's full potential.If you read up on howardforums and motox's websites (just do a search in google), you'll learn all sorts of ways to trick out your phone.In addition to getting rid of the cingular logo, you could1.  unlock the hidden video capture ability2.  improve menu navigation speed3.  boost signal strength4.  and increase battery life.Not bad at all if you ask me.  There's also the option of using customizable startup and shutdown animations but that proved to be a little more labor intensive.All in all, this is a nice little phone.  I was concerned at first about the construction and sturdiness, but after actually examining it, I have not found any problems with the battery cover in terms of fit or material (it's aluminum and not plastic).  Although I must admit that I'm not too thrilled with the location of the volume adjustment buttons, but that's by no means a deal killer.  I'm also disappointed in the fact that my custom ringtones will not work with a bluetooth headset, but again that's only a minor annoyance.For those who are familiar with motorola phones, their phone book is not the best in design.  If you want to use a custom ringtone, the contact has to be saved in the phone rather than on the sim card.  To get around showing the same phone number twice, simply copy all contacts to the phone, group them under one catagory and  set the preferences to show only that catagory.  Of course the phone resets itself once it's powered off, so that's a bit of an inconvenience.

I have had a Razr phone for three years.  During that time I confess I have gently dropped it at least three times and the phone always reboots and gets itself working again.  However,  yesterday, weeks after the last "drop", it seemed to be losing its durability.  Out of the blue, the camera turned on and randomly started to take photos.  When I turned it out of camera mode, it switched into the voice record memo menu and would not exit until I hit the end button.  From there the keypad would not work.  I went to a friend's house to call Cingular and they said they would send new "software" to the phone.  It worked for the day, but last night, it started working in the same erratic fashion.  I rebooted it and charged the battery and hope it works today.  I am going to see if it acts up again, but pulled out my old samsung freebie which I saved in case I need to use a reliable phone.If you buy one, beware, all the Razr users I have spoken to comment on the difficulty in hearing callers.  Also, one minor thing - if you choose to assign ringtones to your phonebook callers, you must save to the phone rather than the sim card - which means if the phone breaks, you will lose those numbers.I like the graphics on the screen which are crystal clear, and the weight and dimensions are great.  It now comes in blue and pink if you like colors, but beware, given these options, I would shop around before settling on the Razr again.

yes I agree with most of you: the RAZR is definitely sleek looking and such.  I've barely had it for a month and already I'm disappointed.  Seems I am always charging this phone even though I do not 'clock in the time'.  The large screen is great; the fact you can put it in your backpocket and almost forget it's there is nice, too.  But so far I am not impressed.. yes Nokia does make better phones....

Just got the phone so here are a few of my first impressions...1. YOU can use YOUR mp3's as ringtones... I havn't heard this discussed before. It took me a few hours to get it working right. Im using a mac, and isync (with bluetooth) works well. With Bluetooth running on both, and after setting it up in the bluetooth preferences on the mac, from the bluetooth icon on the top right of the menu bar you choose Browse device and select the phone. From here you can drag and drop audio, picture and movie files from the computer to the phone and vice versa. mp3's are a little trickier. I used a program called audion to open up an mp3 in its editor. From here you can erase portions of the song you dont need and save it as an mp3 for a ringtone. This still results in a large file size, so after you save this smaller version, you can open it again in audion and use the encode feature to reduce the recording quality, from say 128 bit to 64 bt, and adjust the stereo setings.  From this point, you just have to drag the encoded file from where it was saved on your computer to the bluetooth file transfer browser. This sure beats paying $2-$3 for a crap ringtone, especially when you can buy a full song on itunes for $0.99. I had tried using quicktime pro to select the song portion i wanted, but was only able to save the file in a .mov or .mp4 format. Both of these versions are not recognized by the phone.2. The phone book really sucks, I mean I could not imagine a worse one. I 'upgraded' from a siemens sl56 that is 2 yrs old with a much better phone book. You can not save multiple numbers to the same person (they are copied and show up as duplicate names with the differing numbers in your address book) You can not input physical addresses, or birthdays.3. The display is completely illegible in direct sunlight (a problem if you use your phone outside in a sunny area such as florida) This is in contrast to my sl56, the display of which is just as legible in the dark as in full sun.I thought of returning the phone when i discovered that you can not email youself riingtones (midi) files ( according to cingular) No way was I going to pay for ringtones. In the old days, before cell phones, you could easily find midi versions of tons of free midi songs on the net. These are the same type used by cell phones today.4. Regarding the size, it is a little bulky, and not easily opened and closed with one hand. In contrast, the sl56 slider phone was very easy to open and close with one hand and i never felt like i was going to drop it while opening it.  I'm comparing it to the sl56, because the razr phone is supposedly also classified as an ultra small phone.

Purchased this phone recently because I was interested in Bluetooth wireless headsets and this was one of three that support Bluetooth at Cingular.  The phone works better than my previous Motorola phone, and it fits nicely in a pocket.  The Cingular knucklehead insisted that a two year agreement is required to get this wonderful price of $499.00.  Why do I listen to those guys!Now, at $499.00, it's not such a great phone, item for item.  I like that there is no antenna to be near ones brain so it's less likely to cause brain cancer (jawbone cancer????)  This phone is a good phone, but for $500.00 it's a rip off.I'm planning a trip to China in February, we'll see if the GSM really works very well from the third world!  Even if it does, there is no really good reason for me to call from China anyway so who cares!  The screen is terrible in bright light.  In fact, you can't see anything in bright light except a black screen.  Switching the Bluetooth on is a pain, but it is better to do that than leave it on all the time as it will drain the battery VERY quickly if you are not using it and leave it on.While it's a good phone, the after purchase feeling is one of getting ripped off.  I realize people don't like to tell other people when they paid WAY TOO MUCH for anything or that the item purchased isn't very great, but this is the only way I can get it off my chest and possibly help someone from making a mistake.  There is nothing sexy or particularly high tech about this phone to make it worth $500.00.And by the way, the camera is really awful at a max of 640x480.  And the Voice Dialing does NOT WORK with numbers stored on the card, only the ones IN THE PHONE taking up more memory for that feature if you want to use it with your Bluetooth headset!  What's that all about!  Engineering has not done all that much here!The Bottom Line:  I should have bought the much cheaper phone and signed a 1 year agreement!  This was just stupid!

The is a great looking phone, and it feels awesome in your hand... unfortunately the software is terrible!!!  Taking pictures is extremely slow, and the pictures are pretty bad.  Video is incredibly slow, and again slow to store.  Viewing pictures is terrible because you can only fit to screen and zoom to actual size... (which is useless) and nothing in between.  Sending picture messages is just ok... not too bad I guess.No IR means you can't send to your computer unless you have bluetooth.To top it all off, I just took possibly the best picture ever taken of my 5yr daughter jump roping.  The timing was perfect and it looked like a photo from time life magazine.  I saved it to my phone, and later when I looked at it, the thumbnail image showed the photo but when I selected it, it was a completely different photo!!!  I tried a dozen times to view the photo and as far as I can tell it is not saved.. only the thumbnail exists which is somehow linking to a different photo.  I can't even begin to describe how furious I am with this piece of junk right now.I am a software developer myself, and I can't fathom how the clowns who wrote this software are still employed.  A beautiful phone but the crappy applications make it nothing special.  The software on my nokia 6620 is excellent, but unfortunate that phone is mechanically junk.

This phone stinks.  !!  I have owned probably 20 different phones in my time and this one is by far the worst one ever.  It's locked for one thing.  It's so locked I have to mail it in and have a soder done on the motherboard. (V 8.26)  This phone's keys are not keys at all, but flat and unusable.  Don't buy this phone.  It's also way too fragile.  I had to return it for a new one after only having it for 1 month.  Plus, the menus are incredibly inefficient.  I have one that is for T-Mobile.  It's $250 I will never get back.DON'T BUY THIS POHNE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Left T-Mobile to Cingular... Had to Have the RAZR !  The phone rocks and is so hot to have... Everyone comments on it... easist speakerphone and  best quality on cellphones today.  Remember you only go around once... You ain't coming back.. GET RAZR'd !

Great Phone.  Wanted the V3i with itunes but I hear the official US release is on hold. (Who knows why!!! Crazy. The US is the itunes capital of the world!) Was going to go for the V3c but I heard Verizon hacked the phone and limited some of Motorola's intended features. So I went for the older V3 from Cinglar. Sure it doesn't have an MP3 player like the V3i or the upgraded camera like the V3c but its still a great phone and works well with Cingular in south jersey.  This is by far the best phone I've ever owned.

I've had my Motorola Razr V3 now for 6 months.  I rely on it as my main business phone, I'm an attorney.  I've roamed with it around the USA, Turkey, Ukraine, Russia, Italy, Spain, and France.  Works fine.  What I don't like is the Bluetooth is too gimicky and the headset battery is short lived.  Not real intuitive how to seriously use the bluetooth.  My biggest gripe is it supports only simple call forwarding on/off.  My much cheaper Nokia supported call forward if busy/if not answered/etc.  The SMS message memory is way too small.  I've recently started to use the GPRS with the USB cable to my laptop.  The Motolrola Phone Tools is a disaster.  Cingular call manager is far better, throw away the Motorola software.

Pros:Small Sleek Size, Quick Operation/ Menus Multiple Media, Data and Widget OptionsCons:Fragile, Easily Damaged: Screen, Earpiece, HingesIn the original commercial for the Razor, it is shown being dropped from a distance and landing on the narrow end; like an ice pick in ice. I STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU DON'T USE YOUR RAZOR IN THIS MANNER. Form and Functionality do not meet with this phone. I am a big rugged personal trainer who needs durability and dependability with all of my equipment. Simply put the Razor can't roll with the punches. I have given up on this phone after the four replacements has been sent to me from AT&T;/Cingular. Ladies if you keep your phone in your purse then this is the right phone for you. Gentlemen if you drop your phone more than 8 times a year don't bother. The cover of the phone may be metal but the hinges are made of molded plastic; A MAJOR DESIGN FLAW. If it drops on one of those hinges the phone is as good as garbage since the sharp plastic will cut right through the thin fiber optic band that connects the screen to the keypad. That will leave you with about a week's worth of use before the fiber optic band is severed leaving you with a phone that rings with no screen. The earpiece is small and covered in mesh. It's the perfect place for fluids to get trapped so you can't clean or dry it out. There is nothing cute or functional about sending your phone in for repairs every 6 months to 12 months or spending hundreds of dollars for replacements and repairs.

This is really a nice phone, but is available in the USA for cingular only. However if you have a retailer who can unlock the phone, you can use it with any gsm service.I got an unlocked phone for free after rebate and had wireless BT included for free. Today, there is good deal at buy.com, better than amazon. The same phone for free after rebate and a free Blue tooth handsfree kit.Tapas, NJ, USA

I have been a long time user of Motorola phones because I find that they often have the best signal strength. The RAZR is no exception: I have done side-by-side tests with phones from other manufacturers and was able to make calls on the V3 where other phones did not work.Since previous reviewers have gone into the details of the phone's many features, I will stick to remarking on areas with which I am not in complete agreement.1. Concerning the looks vs. feature debate, I would like to take issue with those who state this phone is not feature-rich. We all agree it is the sleekest phone available but it also has most of the features frequent travellers and business execs could want: an excellent calendar feature (that can be synchronized with Microsoft Outlook), an address book that works very well (after some serious tweaking of the default settings, granted), a great speaker phone function, support for Java apps and games, the ability to easily manage the phone from a computer (via Bluetooth or using a mini-USB) and a camera that was much more decent than I expected. All this in a beautiful, lightweight, nearly plastic-free package.2. With the latest firmware (which can be found online if you feel comfortable with flashing), video recording with sound IS enabled and the quality of pictures taken with the phone's camera has been improved. Though this release is directly from Motorola, Cingular will most likely come out with its own version (building on Motorola's) and, when this happens, I highly recommend having a store flash the upgrade.3. I have found battery life to be exceptional. On previous phones, I was lucky if the phone lasted more than 24-48 hours with light use. For me, the RAZR systematically lasts 4 DAYS with light use. To me, this is impressive. I should note I live in an area with excellent signal strength, so the battery does not get drained searching for a signal but the RAZR is still far superior to other phones I have used, especially considering its small, lightweight battery.DRAWBACKS: No phone is perfect. What I see as this one's main drawbacks are that it does not support EDGE, the phone is a little wide (does not bother me at all but it might be an issue for those used to tiny phones), and the lack of accessories provided by Motorola. For me, the only really issue is that the phone is GPRS, not EDGE, but I decided to do without. As for the accessories, Cingular is really stingy (you get nothing but the phone, the battery, charging cord, manual and a 99 screen wiper), while the non-Cingular version of the phone comes with a leather case, PC synch software and a data cable. No big deal but a little surprising since the phone was quite expensive up until recently.CONCLUSION: Of course, if you are looking for the best camera-phone out there, this isn't it. However, if want the slimmest phone on the market with an excellent set of core features and applications, this is your phone. The RAZR is skinny and eye-catching but it does not skimp on functionality. At Amazon's latest price for new customers (...), the phone is a real bargain on which I wouldn't pass.

i got this on amazon pretty cheap, and im glad i got it. im a nokia kinda guy but this is well worth it

The picture on amazon doesn't do it justice.  This phone is HOT!  The body is solid and the innards do amazing things.  Anyone that can afford it should get it now.

I have really bad reception with this phone.It disconnected by itself all the time.Usually I get less than 2 bars for signal.I returned it and got new one. But new one is worse!!Amazon sent me refurnished one.If someone want to buy from different store with different service,I recommand it.The phone looks so nice and has fun features.

i really am happy with this phone so far....i read all the reviews on here before buying and it seems that everyone either absolutely loves it or absolutely hates it! the only strange thing that has happened to my phone was that once when i answered it there was a lot of static and when i looked at the phone the screen went blank for a moment then came right back up to normal, kind of like a "reboot" - now, is this a motorola problem or a cingular problem? hard to tell.......also a lot of people are complaining that the motorola phone tools costs an extra $30, well it does, if you buy it from motorola! we live in a really easy time to find anything we want on the internet for cheaper people! look around! first i found TONS of people selling the software on eBay from anywhere to $1.50 to $15.00....then when i did a google search on "motorola mobile phone tools" a few links down the search i found a message board website where people had listed links to download the software from their personal webpages so I GOT IT FOR FREE!!!!!!!! this software is a great tool! you canmake any picture you have in digital form into wallpaper, use it as the picture for your caller and you can edit each picture to look the best on the phone screen! you can also turn any song you have into a ringtone and edit it so the best part of the song is what plays when you have an incoming call....also you can synchronize your phonebook to this application (great if you lose your phone, you won't have to recover all the contact info, it will be saved to your computer just by the tough of a button!) among many other things! so before you knock this phone....READ the user manual! it is easy to use, and the mobile phone tools rocks too :)

The Motorola RAZR V3 is a "pretty" phone; this is especially the case when viewed in photographs (like what you'll see here on Amazon.com).DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE BEFORE SEEING IT FIRST HAND.  Though even that did not stop me from making the impulsive purchase online, seeing it "live" did present me with my first, second-thoughts.  Those being: that the front of the phone looks a bit awkward mostly because of the tiny black on less-black display on a big brushed aluminum face; and secondly, and most terribly, that it's just too wide!  What, after all, really is the purpose in making an uber-slim phone if you're going to have to pancake it?  Alas, I bought the phone anyway.Upon receipt I noted the following: the side buttons are located on the screen half of the flip rather than the keypad half which is a departure from every other Motorola phone I've had and, essentially, makes them utterly useless when in a call (changing volume for example would require you to pause the conversation to press the buttons); also, the battery cover for this phone is a cheap piece of plastic that may or may not fit all that well (mine took a bit of finagling to get it on); it comes questionably spare of accessories (at least from Cingular)(for this price shouldn't it come with more than a home charger and useless keyfob).In the end, I returned the phone.  The keypad is pretty and the phone itself holds some aesthetic value although a closer look dimishes this somewhat.  In terms of useability, I would rate it sub-par as the pictures it takes are as good/bad as any other current motorola and its side buttons are poorly located in addition to its awkward width.  Last but not least, for what it offers, and perhaps by any standard, the phone costs way too much.  Even with the rebate, it's not worth it frankly.  Though I'm inclined to get the newest toys, I swear that the v60 (yes v60) with the slim case is still the best thing motorola has produced in terms of cell phones to date.I just ordered the nokia 7610 and I'm pretty sure I'll like it much more than the razr - will review when I get it!

A stylish phone that has some good features. I feel that these are overshadowed by the unreliable working of the RAZR. I guess, I can easily substantiate after 7 replacements in 7 months. The heights of replacements - 3 defective phones in 3 days. I doubt the quality process followed by the manufacturer.It looks like a bad attempt to manufacture a world class phone with all the hype associated with it. It manages to meet the expectations in few departments. Reception, Battery Life and mainly reliablity of RAZR V3 is hopeless, backed by its fragile nature. So be ready to buy atleast a simple casing for the RAZR else you will be out of warranty replacement and be stuck with a bad phone for two years if you signed a contract with Cingular.I liked the speaker phone and also the mp3 ringtone player. Bluetooth connectivity is decent. But these are good if the phone itself works as it supposed to. The proprietary USB cable and software is an added cost.This has too many service related problems. Amazon promptly replaced the phone as and when problems crept up (4 in a month). But after the "one month" trial period, the buck has been passed to Cingular Warranty Service. Spent almost 9 hours trying to get a working replacement. Sorry if I sound harsh! But it is a fact. The reliablity of RAZR can be easily rated in the negative if allowed. On one hand Cingular trusts the manufacturer blindly to supply phones to be sold or replaced, and users like me get a string of defective replacements.I too fell for the looks and promise of superb functionality when it entered the market, now I am wiser. If you are planning to buy this phone, be sure to read reviews from users both positive and negative before you take the leap. Given a choice now, I would gladly opt for a different phone from either Nokia or Sony-Ericcson.Update: May 26, 2006=====================Finally cingular replaced my Silver Razr with Black Razr which so far seems to be holding on...I have my fingers crossed and also...touch wood!

I had this phone for a few days and I really liked it for what it is. The main advantage of the phone is the design and the size. It fits nicely in pockets and you forget it's there. Functionality is ok - you've probably already read the specs. There are phones out there that can offer more on that side though.Here comes the bad part. Cingular service was way below my expectations. The reception and the quality was very bad. Phone calls were dropping on a regular basis. Customer service wasn't very helpful either. Eventually, I had to return the phone. Currently I use T-mobile with Motorola A630 and I am very very happy with the service. If T-mobile has good reception in your area then that is the way to go.

I was wondering when or if the Razr v3 cell is ever going to come through verizon? I really want it but the only service provider here in Bryson City,NC is Verizon and the Razr is only covered by Cingular :( so if any one can help me thanks

I got one of the first Razrs from Cingular so this isn't an "I just got it yesterday and love it" review.  I've used it for ~8 months, traveling all around the states and world, dropping it several times, talking on it in the rain in Scotland, passing it through airport security dozens of times and taking and receiving hundreds of calls and texts.  It works better than any of my previous phone.  (Cingular coverage sucks sometimes, but the phone is always great).The Razr does all the things a cell phone should do and fits, truly fits, unobtrusively in your pocket.  I hated the belt clip holsters and all the other inconvenient ways to lug around the bigger (all other) cell phones.  This one slips away in shirt or slacks pocket, doesn't get caught on coats, seat belts and doorjabs and is always at hand. I'd like the new 1.3MP camera and the MP3 capability of the newer versions and when I lose or break this one I'll get another.Just what I wanted.

so far so good.  i'm very happy with the phone thus far.  It's so light i can put it in my pocket and you can barely tell its there.  the camera is ok.  if the person is not standing still the pic is fuzzy.  I'm waiting for my wireless head set to come in, that should be very cool.  ya, i'd have to say this is a great phone. i'm the envy of the office.

The hardware is great. Small phone, excellent reception, large display...The user interface is really quite poor. All my previous phones have been Nokias (8290,6590i,6100), and it's shocking how much worse the Motorola UI is. Nokia gets all the little details right, Motorola gets them all wrong. (e.g., address book entries can't have addresses in them!.)

I live in an area where Cingular service is really good; I have experienced virtually no dropped calls.  The phone itself is not one that I picked or researched extensively.  My son tossed my old phone into the wash and thanks to the insurance I had previously purchased I got this phone as a replacement.  It is longer and wider than my old Motorola phone but it is also thinner.  I was concerned about the thickness and durability.  This phone is also metal so I feel more confident using it than I did my previous Motorola phone.My old accessories don't fit even though it is the same manufacturer this just seems silly but what can you do?I purchased Motorola Phonetools 3.0 by Avanquest for my previous phone.  I plugged my new phone in and the program automatically updated to 4.0 and it prompted me to add a profile for my current phone.  With this program I can make my own ring tones and manage my address book and sync it with Outlook so I don't have to worry about saving my settings to my sim chip.  I also put my favorite picture of my phone dunker and his brother in my phone's memory and I use it as my wallpaper.My Bluetooth accessories work better with this phone than my previous Motorola.  On that phone the connection between the earpiece and the phone would suddenly stop functioning.  I could not hear anyone through the earpiece or using the phone and to make it function I had to power the phone off and on each time I used my Bluetooth headset - annoying.The Razr and my Jabra work well together.  It works great for voice dialing in my experience and I can answer the cell and drive - though I rarely do this because I am one of those people who actually like to be unreachable sometimes.So I am very happy with this phone but in fairness to other reviewers I did not have specific expectations when I acquired this phone.

The Razr V3 is definately one of the better phones I've had. For starters the manual isnt great at giving you some of the details. The phone in general has great looks, obviously very slim and fits into any pocket perfectly. I wouldnt recommend it if you have big fingers though because you might find a hard time trying to punch the numbers in. Im not a huge camera phone fanatic so I never really cared much about the quality. The reception is excellent, battery life is amazing, and if you like buttons and gadgets, this phone has plenty of them. Quad band does allow you to take this phone pretty much anywhere in the world. All you need to do is rent a sim card or something overseas. All in all its user friendly except like I mentioned earlier the manual could of been more percicive about a few things I ran into. Unless your job doesnt need any flashy objects that attract clients to you by making you look rich, I wouldnt recommend buying this phone at its original price. Its a great phone, but thats just asking too much for it. (...)Pros: Very Slim, Long battery life, user friendly, flashy and impressive, lots of cool features.Cons: Not good for people with big fingers, too expensive.

I think this is a good phone. I owned a Moto V551 and this is almost the sameexcept it lacks as much memory. This phone has some good skins, themes, features,and a huge screen. It's camera is great considering it's only a VGA. I owned aSony Ericsson T616 and that camera stunk, I'd take this one over my old Sony.It could use more memory but overall it's a pretty good phone, especially whenyou can get one for only $40. (...)I'd be happy to help you out. There are better phones out there but this wasn'tmeant to be a "Top of the Line" phone. It's an awesome looking all metal phone,get one if you really want one!!!

There's quite a few things I like about this phone, and a few things I dislike. We'll start with the likes:It's an attractive, light weight, and quite durable little phone. I've seen other's complain about the phones durability and I don't understand that means I have thrown this phone on three seperate occasions and it still works like brand new, without one single scratch. Hopefully that will straighten out any doubts you have on the matter of it being sturdy. All of it's features are easy to use, and the phone fits in places most cell phones can't, do to it's size. The speakerphone is loud and it doesn't cut out on you like other's i've owned. Now for my complaints on the Razr: If purchasing this through Motorola it comes with a very nice metal box, games, and a 3D phone book. You have to use Cingular as your provider and they take out the metal box, the games and the 3D phonebook and that should be included for the price of this phone. My major complaint is the volume on it is all the way up and I sometimes have a difficult time hearing. The phone is very difficult to keep clean and prints don't wipe of easily. You can not use a memory card and you really need one with the limited space it has. My last complaint is the phonebook will only let you store one number per name, so you have several of the same names with different numbers which makes it a bit unorganized. I would also like to add that I was disappointed that it didn't come with software. Altogether, it's a good phone without a lot of features and is quite easy to use which was exactly what I needed. It is a bit pricey for what it comes with.

I was looking for a phone to use as a phone and I wanted something that would last. This thing, albeit expensive, fit the bill perfectly.Pros- Excellent reception where others failed to even get a signal- Comfortable Flip Design- No annoying antenna- Great speakerphone- Flawless bluetooth- Awesome construction, zero scratches in 4 weeks- Gets looks like you are driving a Ferrari. Everyone asks, "Is that that new Razor phone?" :)Cons- Weak Phonebook- External Caller ID is not high-resHonestly, that's it. I love this thing . . .

I origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710. Unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry. The v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software. Since this was the most important feature to me I am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710. To bad, the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me. If it had true nex technology voice recogition I would keep it.

I bought the phone through independent delear so i got it for cheap price but after a week without calls also there was a high pitch sound coming from speaker.I called cingular and they sent me a silver one instead of black.Even in those phones there was a sound.To observe the sound just flip open the phone and hold it as if you are talking. I tried 4 phones and felt noise in all the phones.The one I bought had noise level quite high and was problem with talking on phone.

I have been waiting for this phone for over a year.  My last phone worth buying was the Motorola V60, every phone since then has seemed flimsy and a waste of good battery.  My friends have gone through phone after phone, they fall apart after a five foot drop or submerge in water, not the v60 and hopefully not the razr.  Its amazingly slim, almost the thickness of a cd case.  The screens are bright, and razor sharp, no pun intended.  The camera is at least somewhat useful and has a 4x zoom.  The phone is almost as cool as my Japanese's interns, it looks as though we are almost catching up.  This phone is awsome. The mp4 video is awsome, more storage would have been nice though, maybe a sd or cf storage?  I guess that's what the pda is for.  Still a sleek and powerful phone. 500 bucks though?! give me a break, check out [...] you'll find the same phone with loads of accessories for about 399 with a minimum 12 month service contract.  Worth every penny!

The razr is the first cell phone I've ever had, so I can't compare its use to other cell phones, but know that it's every bit as beautiful as the pictures show.  The generously-sized screen is also nice, and the camera and photo are decent.  Of course, the most attractive thing about this phone is how thin it is.  Not only does it look sleek, but it slides into my pocket VERY easily, so I'm not bothered with a huge lump in my pocket or a phone holster.  This phone has more capabilities than I care to mess with, but know that a lot of them require dishing out a little more moola (it only comes with one game, and it's a demo).My main disappointment with this phone is that dust seems to very easily find its way up under the screen.  This is very easy to fix - all you have to do is slide a pin under the upper corner under the screen protector and down the side.  There's some kind of sticky glue holding it down, and the screen protector comes off with a bit work, and sticks back on very easily.  Once you have it pried off, just wipe the dust off the underside with a lint-free cloth, and then stick the screen protector back on.  Good as new.  If you damage the screen protector, I hear that they can be purchased for about $4.00

I have had the Motorola Razr V3 for 3 weeks now and I absolutely love it.  It has all the features I want and could ask for.  I also purchased a Jabar (bluetooth compaitable) wireless headset.  WIth the headset and the use of voice initiated dialing, I can answer and make calls without ever taking the V3 out of my pocket.It took about one day and one day only to get use of holding and using such a thin phone.I have had no issues with battery life even when using it for long periods of time.I would not pass up this phone.

This phone is sleek, stylish, and has many features!! It has a nicely placed camera and comes from an ok service, Cingular. No antennas or things to get in the way, just razor looking design and sleek number pad.

This is one great phone, sleek, light, small, thin. Motorola got the form exactly right, just slightly larger than a credit card, and only a half an inch thick. The screen is excellent.Motorola missed big time on this one, not including Motorola Phone Tools and a USB cable in the purchase - now how cheap is that. I just spent all that money on a super exclusive cool phone, and they make me buy software for $30? That's actually kind of crazy.They also messed up on the phone book. 450 Outlook contacts, that were spawned from 200 core contacts - each cell phone, business, email, and home entry for an individual is a separate entry. Way way too unwieldy. They need to update this error big time. They've also missed on priority numbers - you know, you identify people you call a lot, and they go to the head of the list. I'm used to the problems now, but wow what a miss on their part.The camera, oh it takes pictures. They look decent on the cell phone, but forget much more. The shutter speed must be very slow, you have to hold the phone solid to not get blurry pictures (when viewed on a computer screen full size) - on the phone they look great.Overall - my nits are truely nits, this is one heck of a great phone. If you're price sensitive, buy the V500 series. If you want cool, get this one.By the way, I'm a long time ATT customer and had no trouble (read it took less than 10 minutes to buy and activate this phone) with Cingular. In fact the service seems better. I just wish they would port over your voice mail.

Pros:1. Haven't had any problems with dropped calls (cingular)2. Great camera, zoom and lighting features.3. Easy to use interface4. Great looking screen and display5. Loud and clearCons:1. Battery life.  I've known a few people with this phone and they have had the same problems.  The battery will last a few days as long as you don't talk on it, but for me, I use this phone as my main communication device, and texts, camera, and general usage will suck the battery life right up.  My advice is to charge it every night, it should make it through the day provided you aren't using it all the time.

I've read many a review on the Razr before purchasing one through Amazon with service through Cingular. I've had the phone for a week now and find it very easy to use. Coming from a Motorola V60P, the phone is a joy to carry around.I've seen many negitive comments about the phone book, while it is not the best, it certainly isn't hard to use. Two pushes of a button and I'm in my phone book. I also do a lot of text messaging and have no problem with the keypad.As mentioned, the ear piece volume is fairly low, even on it's highest setting, but the speaker phone quailty is excellent.The screen is difficult to see in bright sunlight. The phone is sturdy and built well... I have not dropped a call on it yet.I would have no problem recommending this phone to others.

This is a great phone however it is lacking streaming video. Yes it will play small video trailers and music videos. But it is lacking the quality of other contenders in the same high end market for the top of the line tech items. Motorola should have learned by now what the people want and what they will pay for... These phones unlocked will work with numbers of providers and as to the lack of video it makes up for in quality of manufacturing and the style is sleak and futuristic...

I want to warn anyone about this phone.  We have had three of them and all three broke.  We had one repaired in FL. Cost about $100.  This phone is a loser.  get a V551 instead.

I have/had two of these phones, from two different carriers, two different stores, bought at two different times, one a V3 and the other a V3t, one for me, one for my wife. Very sleek, very nice features, beautiful to look at, passed the WAF (wife acceptance factor) with a score of 10, etc. My only beef with it is that the it does not have good reception. We live on the side of a slight hill so the signal strength is not great. On the first floor I get one bar on occasion, on the second floor usually one, sometimes two. I almost always have the call dropped though. I have had other people here with Nokia and Samsung phones, they consistently get two bars and rarely a drop.  Some of them even call from my basement, where I consistently got no bars, i.e. no connection whatsoever.  I called tech support, they had me go select the tower manually, which happened to be a Cingular tower. I couldn't even get a signal long enough to register with the tower! Finally tech support suggested I get a Nokia, the 5300 was said to be good.  Not anywhere as cool, but I need a phone that works.  To be fair I had somebody, with a Razr, here the other day that had US Cellular and they had two bars in my basement.  He reported excellent coverage with his phone.  Could it be that the GSM versions are not as good?

I've heard about this phone long before it ever reached US soil, and wanted it very bad based on looks alone. Took me awhile to get it but it was worth the wait. This IS a great phone.Let's touch base on appearance first. Obviously, it is gorgeous. Not all of the casing is metal, but the plastic parts are made to blend seemlessly in. It shines brightly and attracts people to it like a moth to light. I've noticed people catching glimpses of it from what seemed like a mile away! Get used to people wanting to hold and use your phone. It's thin, and wide, but do not find it's wideness a problem. I'm a female and have tiny hands and it fits fine to me. Being that the keys are flat, you have to look at the keypad while dialing anyway, so what's the point of complaining that you can't dial with the hand you're holding it in? The black around the external screen is a nice touch to the silver. The external screen itself only serves it's purpose. It's tiny, and the colours are not wonderful but it always shows the time for you and useful for caller/picture ID. Can also be used as an external viewfinder for the camera. Back/battery cover was no problem getting on like some people have said. They must of had bad models. Snapped on right away. Looks of this phone are flawless and deserve a five star rating on their own.Internal screen... what more can you say then WOW! First time I seen it, I about had a heart attack. The colours are so VIVID and stand out from the screen. It almost looks three dimensional. I'm not the only one who gave that reaction. EVERY single person that opened that phone jumped in amazement.Keypad is the second most attractive feature on this phone (after the internal screen). The thin, gleeming metal mezmerises you. While it might look fantastic, don't be fooled because it works just as good. Very easy to press the keys, almost effortlessly. Everything is in the right place, it lights up nice and bright, everything is big enough so you do not have any problems hitting the wrong keys. I like the added message key that takes me straight to my messages. As well as the web button that takes you directly to the browser. Great additions. Another thing I like, is how the keypad gently vibrates during certain operations instead of making noises. Without hearing those annoying tones, you still know that you are pressing the keys.Sound quality is A+ as I always expect from Motorola. Never once has a call not been loud and clear. Speakerphone is just as good, I can hear it from other rooms. The ringer modes work great, vibration mode will not fault you. I've had problems with other phones vibrating so softly... you couldn't tell you were getting a call. This one will vibrate like crazy! You can customize your ringer options to what you please.Reception has been 100% perfect so far. No dropped calls, nothing unclear or scrambled. I use Cingular service in the Las Vegas area and the calls are crystal clear like I should expect. Better then most internal antennae phones I've used!Menus are a bit complicated for a first time user of phones or the Motorola firmware. I've had Motorola phones previously (the v400 being the most recent) so I already knew how to get around this phone. The software is a lot like the v400s with a few added features. The phone book is a little confusing but I've never had problems with it. Read the manual if you get lost, it's no big deal like some people have made it out to be. Every feature is placed under the right categories. Everything is very customizable. Three skin options are available and they are all very nice and really make the menus and gui stand out.Included wallpapers are great. I usually hate included wallpapers and immediately buy my own... haven't so far on this phone. There are not many but they all are great shots or animations and look so beautiful on the screen.Included ringtones aren't bad, either. I prefer mp3 ringtones so have bought my own, but if you like using standard tones... you'll find one to your liking on here. Many to choose from.Camera quality is what you would expect from a cell phone. People complaining about quality need to realize they are shooting pictures from a phone... not a real camera. Every shot I've taken has looked great in all lighting conditions. Easy to take and send photos. Camera does not take video but can view video. A feature I will more then likely not use unless I wanted to purchase Cingular's news or sports service that stream videos online to your phone.There are no games included. I never play games on cell phones so it's no biggy to me. If you can afford a cell phone like this, then you're probably too old to play the hard-to-make-out games on phones anyway. Most of the decent games to play are never included on phones anyway.Battery life is decent, depending on usage as usual. I can usually go about three days without charging with normal daily use. If you are on this phone, making calls and playing around all day long... you will be charging it every night.All in all, this is an amazing phone. You can't go wrong getting it, especially when the price is getting lower. I was debating on getting this phone or a smartphone and I'm glad with the decision I made. If you want all the useful (and actually needed) features of a cell phone... with the looks to kill then get this phone. It'll make you happy.

Dont buy this crappy phone. Its just been 3 weeks since I started using it, and I get a 'white screen of death' every now & then. And then I have to reboot it to access it.Called T Mobile, and even though its less than 30 days, they'll still charge me 10 bucks for shipping (to replace with a refurbished one). Thats fine but what if the new phone also has the same (or new) issues.The best thing to overcome this problem is not to buy this phone. Samsung is the best cell phone company.

This phone is horrible.  Period.  I first bought mine from a Cingular employee I know 8 months ago, and since then, I have had to exchange it out three times.  Anything from low sound volume, not showing voicemail messages, not receiving calls when there are 5 bars showing, not being able to call when there are 5 bars showing, dropping calls, and not sending or receiving text messages has plagued all of the four razr phones that I have had.  In addition to this, dust accumulates in both the front screen and the inside screen.  This makes it nearly impossible to see what you are looking at on the screen when outside in sunlight.  The razr I have now is the last one I will ever get.  This is partly due to my utter dissatisfaction with the phone, but also due to the fact that the front plastic screen has a minor crack in it, and Motorola will not exchange it out even though it still has all of the problems listed above.  Save yourself the money and go with a phone that actually works, and will work longer than a couple of months

I have had no problems switching from Sprint to Cingular, I did when I purchased a phone from here, I actually moved from Sprint to T-Mobile then to Cingular and Back to T-Mobile and still had my numeber, amazing huh? I don't think there will be a problem with the rebate.

My husband and I received two of these last week (one silver and one black). So far, we have had no problems with the phones or the service from Cingular (we switched from Nextel). Cingular was able to transfer our old phones numbers over to these phones without an interruption in service.I have not had any problems with the volume on this phone, as others have indicated in their reviews.I have also not had any problems with dropped calls, as others have experienced.The phone itself is very intuitive to use. I have not opened the book that came with the phone and have been able to do everything that I needed the phone to do. It is simple to input numbers into the phone book. I also like the alarm function, which is also easy to use. The camera function was very intuitive, as was changing the placement of the fuctions on the screen.The phone is very slim and lightweight. You can hardly tell that you have it in your pocket.The speaker phone is very clear when you are in the car, or the office. Much clearer than our previous Motorola phone that we had with Nextel.The screen is very bright, making it easier for old tired eyes to read it without their reading glasses. Not that we are telling ages here.At this point I am very satisfied with my purchase of this phone from Amazon. If my opinion changes for any reason I will update my review.

I have owned Motorola V500, V525, V600 and MPx220, and I could say that the Razr V3 is the best of these phones.It has a very slim and innovative design, it comes with a full flat keyboard completely iluminated, very soft and precise buttons.A big and high resolution internal screen, full color display in images and pictures.Very good reception and an incredible speaker. The audio quality is very good even with the speaker that is enough loud for conferences.Good external display, 4K colors, images are displaying very good quality.Not too bad camera, but could be improved, very delicated, have to be careful when carring.I love this phone, Motorola is improving its phones pretty faster. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

After 3 yrs of the Sony Ericsson T68i I had enough.  I decided it was time to get a new phone and this is the phone I had been waiting for.  It is a flip phone, but it is so thin that it's thinner then 99% of the current phones out there.  The software is fast unlike the Sony T68i and since it is a flip phone my hands don't cramp up when using it.  It is so light that you don't even feel it's in your pocket.  The graphics are amazing, and so is the hifi sound. The phone feels very solid in your hands.  Looking at the T68i makes me laugh now, it feels like a kids toy phone.  Remember how revolutionary the startac was?? Well, Motorola has done it again, they are back.

The phone looks cool and all but if you're going to use Cingular beware, especially if you're a former AT&T customer which was swallowed by Cingular.  Besides the trouble I had migrating my  numbers on my family plan (at one point Cingular had me as dead and I had to physically go into a store and prove that I was alive).  Now I am attempting to add a 5th phone to my family plan (you are allowed 5 phones on a plan)and they won't let me do it without me putting a $200 deposit for one year.  With AT&T I never paid late-I never paid late with Cingular-but they can't explain to me why they arbitrarily now need a deposit.  If you can go with another company DO IT.  Cingular's customer service is the worst.

Ok, so I bought into the hype about the Razr when it first came out.  Now, however, I HATE THIS PHONE.  IT HAS CAUSED ME NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS.  Due to the fact that it is so slim, the wires are super thin as well and constantly break.  It costs a lot to fix, including a day off of work to travel the extensive distance to someone who knows how to fix it.  Then I finally got fed up with the phone breaking and decided to buy a new one, a completely different brand, but Cingular said I wasn't ready for an "upgrade" so I had to pay full price!  I got screwed... beware the Razr (and any Motorola products for that matter--their Blue Tooth headsets are no better!!!  Even my boyfriend who works for Moto won't buy their products!)

I've had so many poor experiences with cell phones, that I'm finally thrilled to own a phone that meets almost every need I have! In addition to having about 90% of the features that I require in a nice phone, the Motorola RAZR V3 is extremely attractive and is very affordable. The phone does NOT feel like a toy and I don't think you'll have to worry about breaking it with great usage. It's a Motorola phone that has been designed to deliver all of the "goodies", but focusing on quality.I've experienced only 4 calls being dropped in a 4 month period. The clarity of calls is unsurpassed, as far as my experience goes, and the controls on the side of the phone (volume, etc.) make it simple to make changes to your current call. You won't be fumbling around and you'll find yourself wondering how you could have ever carried a different style flip phone in the past!Everyone has certain features that they like to have in a cellular phone-some many focus on ring tones, while others require that their phone have a speaker phone. Choosing a good phone can be frustrating and often quite confusing. It helps to listen to others who have already bought the phone and are now locked into whichever Cellular Phone Agreement that applies to them.As far as design is concerned, the V3's surpasses the typical clamshell design and raises the bar to a higher level with the impressive aluminum construction. You'll enjoy a very large color display (176 x 220)with 220,000 colors-yes, 220,000 colors! The outside cover has a full color display (98 x 80)and will allow you to see Caller Information, Photos, Signal Strenth and the Time! With too many features to tell you about, you'll find most all of the phones features and on-screen menus by utilizing the sleek 5-way center button on the backlit control panel!The price through Amazon and through some other sites are incredible. I tried getting the same phone through the provider I have and it was about $99.00 on sale. I chose to purchase it online and agreed to sending in the Rebate-which was promptly sent to me.The phone is not perfect. If you buy a Motorola RAZR V3 and have any problems with service or the phone, contact the seller or the service provider. There is ALWAYS a chance of getting a "Lemon", but don't let that totally discourage you!

I really expected to love this phone. And if I only had to admire it from an aesthetic point of voice, I would love it.Too bad the phone actually needs to be functional.Here, in a nutshell, are the reasons I will never again be seduced by a form-over-function phone:1. Missed calls. The phone won't ring and vibrate at the same time. I can't tell you how many calls I've missed because I had the phone on audible ring and the surrounding area was noisy.2. Missed calls. The most aggravating feature of this phone is that it will spontaneously change itself to silent mode. The problem? Those two little buttons on the exterior side of the phone. They change the ring mode. And they're sensitive enough that if you leave the phone in your pants pocket, that they'll change mode on you when jiggling around in your pocket.3. Navigation. The Motorola software is a mess -- difficult to figure out, plus slow.All in all,  this phone is a thing of beauty -- if you don't mind wasting time and missing calls.

I bought this becasue I was very happy to see a phone with a metal case again.  I used to just use nokia phones back in the day and they would break at least once a month on me.  Bought the Moto v60 and was really blown away.  The best phone I ever had.  Then I upgraded to color phones and tried the other Motos.  Really big disapointment.  Moto phones are made so cheap and fall apart just like nokia.  When this came out I jumped on it.  Finally Moto was going back to the quality phones.PROS:-Some what sturdy case.  The metal parts seem solid. No marks as of yet (1 month).-The battery life is a little tiny bit higher then your average phone.  I have to charge it at night but it has at least half the life left on it.  I talk for about 3 hours a day.-Camera is ok not the best and by far not the worst.-Slim form factor.  And yes its wider then your normal flip but this is a good size.  Other phones always seemed to skinny for me.CONS:-Not all of it is metal.  The bottom is plastic and it seems to be cheap plastic.  It creaks when you push on it.  I think that is where the antenna is, and if it has a SAR rating of .80 (I think) at the ear then I wonder how much your jaw is getting.  Rather my jaw get cancer then my brain right?-The vol is almost a joke it is so low.  At the highest its about what a normal phone is at its middle setting.  I used to have to turn people down on my cell, now I am struggling to hear them sometimes.-The keypad looks nice but its a pain in the butt.  The donut thing in the middle is already scracthed by my finger nail.  The rest of the keypad is protected it seems and has no marks.-A pain to clean.  The keypad is shiny and gets crap all over it.  When you clean it the rubber lining between the keys grabs part of what ever cloth you are using and gets it looking even worse.-Phone book.  Good god man.  The fact that they used this phone book really shows that either they don't put a lot of effort into the phone or was a total mess up.  Either way it is a true shame.-Good luck with support and warranty from Moto.  Past experiences with them was very poor.  You send your phone to get fixed and a month later you get it back and they didn't even read what the problem was before they "fix" it and send it back still broken.The reason they make phones out of cheap plastic in my opinion is because what do you do 6 months after your phone looks like you dropped it down the stairs a few dozen times.  You buy another.  Strong durable plastic is used all the time.  For crying out loud Glad uses it all the time.  I am more then happy to pay 600 dollars on quality and if you have the money do the same.  This phone is not even close to meeting my expectations of what I thought I would get for a 600 dollar "basic" cell phone.  I have high standards and for top dollar I want the best.  Moto might be seeing this and is offering good rebates now. 250 or something on Amazon as of now.  Well worth it for that price.To the other reviewer about Verizon.  They use CDMA and this phone is only for GSM.  I doubt they will ever make a CDMA version.  But of course I have no real clue.  Call Motorola.Also sorry for my spelling mistakes and all.  It would take to much time to go back and review what I wrote.  I am not getting paid for this and won't waste my time.  Good luck and I think you will be very happy with this phone over all.

Pros:This is a really nice phone.  I've had it for about 2 months now.  Its a real eye catcher, the speaker phone is great, I typically have great connections made with calls, the screen is amazingly vivid, the pictures are fairly decent (as long is there is ample light) and overall its one the best phones I've ever owned.  It is just simply, a really cool phone. But... (and there is always a but)...Cons:This being said, I've treated it perfectly, placed it in a leather case, never dropped it, so it's still in mint condition.  This phone has its quirks; I'm tossing them off to be software glitches because one day it will do weird things and the next day it will be fine.  However, recently, the phone seems to be slowly disintegrating.  First, it was just an issue with calling the voicemail; the entire screen would go white, and the phone would reset.  Oops.  Well, you can deal with that occasionally.  Then it would do that when you would answer a call.  Again, this was occasionally, so manageable.Now I am dealing with a barrage of issues only 2 months into owning this.  This is very concerning to me since im out 300 dollars if these problems don't fix themselves.  I've heard the warranty for these phones through the phone carries is only 14 days.  They know these phones have issues.  Here is what happened to mine over the past 10 days... the blue light keypad doesn't light up anymore (which makes it impossible to press number in dim light areas since the keypad is all flat), the phone doesn't tell me when I have a voicemail, nor does it tell me when I get a text message, and the phone seems to have a small delay when opening things, like when you used windows 98 back in the day, calls are dropped and the screen goes white and the phone resets still occasionally. It's like a little child, I have to check up on it and it's becoming a major pain in the bum, but you still have to love it for what it becomes, a part of you.Neutral:Motorola has some user interface issues, like taking three plus menu clicks to write a text message or change the phone to silent, and super inconvenient ways to change basic settings.  However, once you get a grasp of how the phone functions though, you can browse through the phone fairly easily.  Just be prepared to take some time learning it.Summary:All this being said, it's a great phone (I just wish it would work like when I originally bought it), but I have friends that say they have similar issues sometimes as well, so these issues may be a problem with the phone.  So, if you purchase, don't say I didn't warn you.  Just get insurance on this, if you can.  It's not worth it if you don't.So my final advise:  Buy this phone, but ONLY if you can get insurance.  I hope this helps.

I wanted to pass along this trick... This phone works with a blue AT&T; sim card.  I just found a reputable non-branded cell phone store (privately owned, not T-Mobile, Cingular, etc.) where they did instant unlocking for a very reasonable fee (around twenty bucks).That did it! After 5 minutes and pocket change, my phone was unlocked and worked with my AT&T; sim card. And, now I can put *any* sim card in the phone, not just Cingular/AT&T.; So, for example, any European or American pay-as-you-go sim will work. Very cool.One of the easiest to open foldable phones. For example, the seam between the two halves lets you slip a finger in to flip the phone open quite easily. I loved my old V60 years ago, but my main complaint about that was you *had* to use two hands to open it. When it was closed it was too smooth to flip open with one hand. The Razr allows one handed flip - very cool.My only real complaint is there is no headphone jack! The *only* port is a little mini-USB type B port, which is for charging, data transfer, and headphone plug. But no standard 2.5 mm plug. Of course, it has bluetooth, so any bluetooth headset will work. In fact, I use the Jabra 250v and love it. It works really well. But sometimes I like the simplicity of a *wired* headset, without having to worry about batteries, and that's the only area where the Razr stumbles. I have yet to find any way to adapt a standard 2.5 mm plug to the mini USB plug on the phone. And the only headset available with a mini USB plug built in is Motorola's, and they only offer one, which is the little dangley earpiece kind with a dongle on the wire for the mic. I really don't like those.CONCLUSION: Love the phone. Love the features. Love the reception. Would like a headphone plug.

I have heard numerous problems about this phone mine personally wouldn't let me call out unless i took the battery out and put it back in and my roommates who got the black would just reboot for no reason.  This sucks!
