
I've had three Motorola phones in the past. It was the past when digital networks didn't exist, having a cell phone was a luxury, and batteries last only a day at best. Since then Motorola has done some wonderful things to their phones and V600 isn't an exception: it has the longest battery life I've ever experienced--up to a week; has nice polyphonic ring tones; and most amazingly the picture quality of the camera is absolutely fabulous. If these are all you care about in a cell phone, go ahead and buy it.I couldn't agree more with several other reviewers about the phone book. V600 has by far the most counter-intuitive, clumsy, antiquated phone book system I've ever seen. If a person has more than one phone number and/or email addresses, V600's phone book will take each number/email as one entry. Take, for example, my father who has four phone numbers and three email addresses. If I add him (or his vCard), the phone book adds seven new entries. After adding three of my family members, the V600's phone book showed 19 entries! Motorola seriously has to do something about this, or I'm never going to buy Motorola phone again.Now, this phone is marketed as a proper Bluetooth phone. I say this is not true. This phone cannot be used as a remote control (via Salling Clicker), does not synchronize with iSync, and does not even talk to other phones of same kind. If synchronizing contacts with your computer is a big deal for you, again, don't buy this phone. If you'd like to use your cell phone as a clicker for your Powerpoint/Keynote presentation, don't expect to do it with Motorola V600. If you want to pass around your phone number via Bluetooth to other people, do not buy this phone. Stick to whatever Sony Ericsson you have...is my $0.02.One other observation is that the phone dies in moderately cold weather. If you plan on taking this phone on slope, make sure you keep it close to your body (inner pocket or something).

While i am stuck with this phone because I bought it from Amazon, I would suggest do not buy this phone. The phone sucks when it comes to user experience. Things I do not like1) Phone book - You have to add 3 new entries for the same person if he/she has a home/work/cell number. There is no way to indicate each of them. You have to type in the name itself (For e.g John Work, John Home, John Cell)There is no page up/down keys or incremental search. So if I have to look for John, I can only type J and it will take me to the first J entry. From there I have to scroll each entry till I find John. Very weak feature.2) If you have international numbers, you have to workaround for entering a '+' into the number because the entry screen will not allow anything other than numbers.3) When I try to insert a picture message, it always tells me"There are no pictures to insert, even though I have many pictures on the phone"4) The voice reception sucks big time. Very low voice reception.Overall a bad product. I would never buy Motorola again. My antique Samsung phone had more user intuitive features than this one.

I have not had one problem with my Motorola V600.  I upgraded from the Motorola V300 so I could have a phone with Bluetooth technology.  My phone works great with absolutely no issues.  I only buy Motorola phones, because I think they make the best phones on the market today.  As for the menu being difficult to navigate, not true.  My 6-year old navigates through my phone with no problems to get to the games and the camera.

Twice now ive had to return this phone becuase it got no reception anywhere, not in my apt not in my school and not even on major freeways.  Clearly a defective phone, twice.  This happens everywhere, its not like the walls are 2 feet of thick concrete, its like this on the freeway!  Also, people with tmobile and other phones seem to get decent reception but its not even close to the quality of verizon and cingular and sprint in this area.  tmobile in columbus ohio is very spotty, and the v600 is just a poorly designed/made phone.  I heard its been recalled by cingular for having terrible reception due to some antenna issues, so Id suggest staying away from this.  Also, stay away from motorola phones in general since the ones ive dealt with have VERY slow software programming, poor interfaces and tend to randomly freeze up (requiring pulling the battery off and then reinserting).  Getting bluetooth to work with this is also a pain (and im not exactly stupid when it comes to computers), and to top things off, it wont ring and vibrate at the same time, the best it can so is vibrate and then ring after two vibrations.  very stupid.  also, the sound quality with full reception sounds a bit muffled.  its like analog phone quality (without the coverage) in a digital world.  id suggest a samsung a680/e317 instead.

THE GOOD NEWS: The specification reads well and it looks lovely.  THE BAD NEWS: When you use the V600, you realise the serious shortcomings. 1) Hopeless battery life 2) unintuitive and very slow software 3) buttons activate while in your pocket! 4) names have to be 12 characters or less 5) poor signal (compared to previous Nokia) 6) doesn't have useful features like call waiting, name search etc 7) case scratches VERY easily 8) memory stuffed full of pointless ring tones and nasty desktop themes.

I have not experienced any of the problems that some reviewers seem to gripe about.  I find the size and display to be excellent, and the reception quality is first-rate.  The batery life is exceptional compared to my previous phone (a motorola i85c).  The camera is not the greatest when it comes to megapixels, but it is more than adequate for a phone add-on.  I would recomend without reservation!

Warning: The model I reviewed is a general version of the phone and is not branded by any cell operator, and thus is neither sim-locked nor crippled in any way. Also, the general version is quad-band, compared to T-Mobile's version, which is tri-band. Heed the review at your own risk.Anyways, I bought this phone last week, and I must say it is a reliable phone. The only downsides are that it lacks a infra-red port (okay, some websites claim that the phone does have an infra-red port. If that is true, I probably don't know where to look for it) - which I can't be bothered with because I don't use infra-red, and that some sites cite it's operation as slow (but personally, I'm not bothered with that either- the menus are about the same speed as that of my other phone, the SonyEricsson T610 - maybe I'm just used to slow speeds, but meh, I've never used anything faster in my life) but apart from that, it is solid, and it's reception is reasonably good. The quad-band does give me peace-of-mind that I can use my phone just about anywhere (as stated above, however, T-Mobile's version has one of the bands disabled. Getting the phone unlocked might re-enable the fourth band, but you're on your own from there- since T-Mo might not be happy with you unlocking the phone). The phone comes with a generous 176x220 color display, and an onboard camera capable of capturing images at up to 640x480 resolution. MIDI playback has more bass emphasis compared to the T610, but is still faithful enough to retain the mood of the song. Phone can play back videos, but strangely, cannot capture video (another drawback? you decide).Overall, if you're a globetrotter and feature geek, this phone is for you, assuming you can overlook the few flaws. However, if you do want to get this phone, either go for the general unbranded version. The fact that the T-Mobile unit is crippled bandwise is not desirable.

How could you call this a bad phone! It's awesome, hence my title. I've had my phone for a long time, not a single, horrible problem like others have written. Sure the picture lags for a couple of seconds when someone calls... but it's only for like 2, so get over it! Batteries brake only if you constantly touch or remove them. I've said what I had to. Peace up! Ktown down!

I have never had luck with Motorola phones except for my Star Tacs from way back when.  Poor reception, dropped calls, low volume, bad accessories, no date on outer screen, and screen problems are just a few of the problems I have had.  I just cant understand why they cant make a phone that works and does everything.  I would pay big for that.

3/14/05 update: Both of my V600s were replaced with refurbished V600s after they both failed, having more gibberish on their screens than not.  Calls were constantly dropped.  Once I lost most of my information while trying to Bluetooth it to my laptop to save.  The software is not worth buying.  My next call will be to T-Mobile (excellent customer service) to report one of the phones has lost its display lighting.  I can barely see what is on the screen and the calls on it are dropped at least a dozen times a day.  I have gone back to using my old Nokia 3650 but would love to find a flip phone that has both a camera and Bluetooth to transfer jobsite pictures to my computer at the end of the day.  Her goes!Original review: I recently "upgraded" from my larger Nokia 3650s, non-flips to 2 V600s.  Everything I have read about the phone is true or not true depending on the luck of the draw or batch, I suppose.  My two phones are in the HATE category. I have dropped calls, missed calls that never ring, gibberish on the screens, unable to turn the phones on or off, keys that have to be hit twice to "wake them up", like the touchpad is not connected to the phone at all, and the constant accidental noises that the keys on the side make whenever you grab the phone.  I guess I am lucky because the cameras on both phones seem to work well.  I was very disappointed to learn I couldn't backup data from the phone to my bluetooth laptop without BUYING software.  The battery seems to die prematurely whether or not I make calls.  Once the whole phone got so hot I could not touch the hinge of the flip to open it to try to turn it off.  I finally had to remove the battery, let it cool off the cooked battery, and then try to use it on a NEWLY PURCHASED car charger after it had partially charged again.  So, if you get a good V600, I am sure you will love it.  Not me!  I am so sorry I bought them.  T-Mobile's customer care people have been great but I still have all these problems and no one has suggested that T-Mobile has the clout to tell Motorola to swap out the phones for new, improved models, not some second-hand refurbished ones that someone else has already had problems with.  My old clunky Nokias are looking better and better.  Motorola, shame on you!The software is so un-intuitive; read all the other reviews.  What struck me was that it took both hands to do almost everything.  Why didn't the programers make the choices easier by pushing the same pattern of buttons over and over to move forward through the screens or to go back?  I must be spoiled by the excellent software of the old Nokias.  Reading and pushing the correct button to do anything seems awkward and dangerous if you are one of those people who phones and drives.Taking a picture is easy enough.  What should the next button be as a choice?  Save or Send, right?  Wrong, there is a whole menu that opens and if you want to Save a picture for later use, it is two taps down on the multifunciton button to Save.  Then you have to push another button to actually Save.  By the time the picture is taken, saved, and the software has the camera ready to take another picture, it is at least 30 seconds if you are adept.  I know it doesn't sound like a long time, but when trying to capture moving targets, it is an eternity.There are more fine points that are negative, but if the above things don't stop you, you deserve to find them out for yourself.T-Mobile, if you are listening, please exercise some muscle and help us unfortunates who didn't believe the bad things we read before buying this phone!  Motorola, one more time, SHAME ON YOU!

This is by far the best phone I ever had.  After several years of using Nokia phones and AT&T; Wireless, I finally switched to T-Mobile as soon as they offered the V600.  What a difference!  The signal strength in the Chicago area is exceptional!  All the places where I previously got no or very weak coverage, the V600 shows full signal.The phone itself has great look and feel. A bit heavier than its competitors, but small and easy to use. Good keys, nice bright display. Good sound quality, and even the camera produces somewhat decent pictures (well, not a replacement for 'real' camera, approximately the kind of quality you got from a digital camera five or six years ago).However, the classic Nokia (non-Symbian) user interface and menu structure is slicker and easier to navigate than Motorola's. Personally, I like T9 better than Moto's iTAP input method. Also, it doesn't let you store addresses with the phone directory entries. The battery runtime is a bit short, too; I get about three days, with moderate use, out of it.Pros:- great reception (with T-Mobile, in the Chicago area)- nice look and feel- good keybord, display- good sound qualityCons:- battery time a bit short- no address fields in phone directory- should come with Motorola's phone tools software

Pros:  Looks, Bluetooth, mp3 ring tones, VOICE DAILING... thats about it!!Cons: Speakerphone can only be activated after the call connects, very annoying, Phonebook search function can only be done in 25 more steps than needed!, Reception is not great, We have a samsung E355 on  the same plan.  we tried to connect from same location to compare the call quality.. the result..samsung has a far better reception quality than v600, attimes motorola's quality is unendurable.  Photo caller id function is also backwards...  u need to take a picture, store it, then open phone directory, open photo library, choose picture.. then link to phone number.  too many steps.  with samsung..  take a picture and the next step u can link the picture to a phone number.  Call history log does not list all calls with time and number.  if 3 calls are recieved consecutively from one telephone number, log only displays the last call. No trace of other two calls.  Call duration information on individual calls made is not saved in timer log.  it displays cumulitive time info.  Phone is Bulky, bulkier than old clam shell phones..Conclution:  Not much thinking went into making this phone.  They made a list of features that they want to include in a phone and just threw it in there without organization.  It is a good phone to look at..but..  not for practical use.

This phone has a nice quality feel and comes with some great professional sounding ringtones so I don't feel like a monkey grinder when my phone rings. The phone has decent voice recognition. The battery life is so-so, giving me about 2 days for average use. It gave me 140 minutes talk time using the speaker yesterday. The speaker feature is indispensible, especially for sitting on hold. I also like bluetooth headset support. Finally, the menus are fairly intuitive and there are some cool customization features. My wife wishes she had the V600 menus on her Sony Ericson T610.With the good out of the way, let me now say I too wish I had her T610 with the V600 menus. My problems with the V600:1) QOS is terrible. TMobile sent me a replacement. I was pleasantly surprised by their support, but the new phone is no better. My calls cut in and out and are otherwise difficult to understand while my wife's calls are crystal clear (We share a plan).2) Bluetooth is non-standard and limited. The phone does not use the BT phonebook standard. I am able to send one number at a time to the phone from my PocketPC, but not a whole phonebook. I can download files from it, but cannot send files up. As a result, I cannot put a nice picture of my wife or dog as wallpaper or in the phonebook unless I took it with the phone. I tried other BT things as well that did not work. It's so bad that I wonder if TMobile had it crippled to increase use of their connectivity services. Oh, and it drops BT connections to my PktPC, computers, and wife's phone. I wish the phone had infrared to fall back on.3) The camera takes mediocre images at best. I understand the v500 series is much better. Plus, I have to decide what to do (store, send, both,...) with every image before I can shoot another.4) The phonebook is terrible. An entry can have only one number. So, if you have 3 numbers for mom & dad, they take 3 entries. Combine that with lack of search and only 1st letter navigation and you feel like you have been kicked back to the 20th century. I dread looking up my 'M' friends -- press M then scroll 10-20 entries.5) Another 20th century hassle -- voicemail could be much better. It does not identify the mail when it arrives or delete the new mail indicator after I have listened. Instead, I go into the Messages menu to see I have 3 from "Voice Mail". After I have listened, I have to manually delete them from the Messages menu. Ughh!6) I too have had display problems. This is unimpressive but minor since rebooting the phone is no big deal and no data is lost.7) Finally, a minor design gripe: They really need to get on the integrated antenna bandwagon. The Sony and Nokia models without antennas sticking out are so much more comfortable in my pocket.All in all, as cool as that new Razor phone seems, I am scared away from Motorola for awhile. I almost prefer my year 2000 LG model. It is not really worth it, but at least I got paid to take this phone (Amazon rebates). TMobile, please, give us some good phones for a change.Best wishes in your phone search.

This is a very nice phone.  The only concern I had about it was the sound quality.  I'm usally traveling...on planes, in airports and often in noisy settings.  When I was anyplace that the noise level was high I couldnt hear the people I was talking with.  I tried various headsets with it but they only go as loud as the phone does.  I replaced a Samsung phone that I actually would have to move the phone away from my ear when it was on high.  I also bought a basic Nokia phone that is louder to carry with me on the road.  I had a old Motorola that I would use in Asia that had the same problem.  I thought maybe it was that phone but now I think maybe it is all Motorola phones.If that doesn't sway you then I would say the V600 is a very nice phone.  I just hope they improve the sound in future models.

I read all the reviews before mine and found that V600 users either really love this phone, or really hate this phone. My V600 was probably from the new batch - tri-band T-mobile (however I use it on Cingular, and seriously...quad-band is totally unecessary), so far it has been great and I haven't had most of the problems/defects some users described. I can see that some users complain about the features because they are not used to Motorola phones, but for people like me, who has always, or almost always used Moto phones, there's no problem at all. Here's one suggestion, if you are used to other phones, especially Nokia, you are going to have a hard time with Moto, be prepared. Some users complain about not being able to open the phone with one finger, I've never had that problem, I guess it requires some finesse?Pros -Bluetooth (ultra easy for ringtones and other file transfer expecially when you have bluetooth on yout computer or PDA)Speaker phoneGood picture qualityCamera with zoom and adjustable lightingBright color screenSolid (some may complain it's heavier than other phone, but please remember that this isn't built with PLASTIC)Interchangeable faceplateVery nice light on outer caseVolume is loud enough for me (I can even hear it when my music is turned loud in the car)Accurate voice dialingCons-You can only enter the speaker phone mode a few seconds after initiating the callCan get kind of slow when memory is not even close to fullMore storage can really make this phone even betterHuge stock antenna (I've changed mine to a mini stubby cap and it looks great, reception is not compromised)Wouldn't hurt if the phone is a bit thinner or/and smallerThe phone comes with too many unuseful ringtones/wallpapers which can't be deleted to save some "already not so big" storage. (with the easiness of transferring file via bluetooth...I have like 20-30 ringtones on my phone..)I'm still playing with the phone and having fun, hope you will too!

I was excited to get this phone, it replaced my T721.  It is in a beautiful case and plenty of features like the camara, bluetooth, etc.However, the phone is not very responsive.  Also I sometimes have had trouble with the front display going crazy and just showing random junk, and sometimes the screen doesn't come on when I open it.So I called Motorola about it, if I want it looked at I need to send it to them and they will return it to me in (get this) 4-6 weeks.  Which pretty much makes the warrenty useless for my purposes.So if you gotta have a nice looking phone this fits the bill but think twice if you are on your phone a lot.

This phone has Bluetooth, a camera, and world compatibility, but misses out on everyday user-friendlyness.  The phone "operating system" has major oversights and is horribly slow, often taking 1-2 seconds to respond to button presses.  Moreover, the phone often displays erratic behavior, such as "rebooting" or hanging up on an incoming call upon opening.  One glaring flaw is the recharging process.  You would think that plugging a phone in for recharging would allow you to continue to make calls when the battery is dead.  This is not the case; apparently the phone only draws power from its battery and cannot switch to wall current when plugged in.  Thus the only solution is to recharge the phone before making the call.  Don't be fooled by the features, and get a phone whose everyday use is more convenient.

This is an excellent phone, i've had it for over a month now and have had no major problems with it. The reception has been much better than friends who have other phones on the t-mobile network. I've travelled to Vegas, ATL, Orlando and many other places and have no problems. The battery life is not a problem as i charge my phone each night, but even on the nights i've not done so i've been ok unless i've been on the phone ALL night.The interface is good, but it is a bit slow at times. Even so, this is still a great phone and the deal through Amazon.com is worth it. I seriously recommend this phone to others who want a decent phone for a decent price.

I would not recommend this phone.  It has plenty of bells and whistles, but suffers from poor reliability and design.  The operating system frequently locks up, leading to missed calls.  The ring buttons on the exterior of the phone are easily jostled and often change the ring style without the owner being aware of the change.  Lately the phone has simply stopped ringing altogether when an incoming call is detected.  The event lights work and the caller is  identified, but no ring sounds.  I have contacted TMobile and will be getting a replacement phone, however my research indicates these problems are widespread within the V600 model.  Motorola would have done better to eliminate some of the bells and whistles and instead make certain the phone functions to make & receive calls.

I have had numerous problems with this phone. About 6 months after I first purchased the phone I had to return it as it would not allow me to hold a conversation for more than 5 minutes without dropping the call. I am in a great reception area and therefore T-Mobile graciously exchanged my phone.Now I am 6 months into use with the new phone and it's starting to not only drop phone calls after short amounts of time on the phone, but also, the phone does not turn off!!! The screen constantly blinks on and off. The features are good (the bluetooth, and camera) but they do not make up for the horrible experience I've had with this phone. I will never again purchase another Motorola.

I run a OSX on a macintosh and would recommend anyone else doing that to stay away from this phone. It will not sych the way you want which generally ruins this phone for me.

What other reviewers have said about bad battery life and quality of this phone is true. I am now on my FOURTH V600 and I've been using this phone for 3 months now. Thank god for T-mobile support, they exchanged the phone every time and overnighted me a new one. With any other wireless carrier, owning this phone would be a total disaster.

CONSThe side buttons are extremely sensitive to touch. So it can put your phone to silent mode any time of the day. When you are on call the phone does not show the time, I found this extremely silly. The way it handles missed calls is hardly worth any praise. It does not have a clear missed-call log. It puts all the calls in the received. And has a tick to indicate it was received or not. This will irritate you soon.PROSThe phone is sleek/attractive. Camera is decent, speaker is good, Bluetooth works well with HS 200 headsets. It has different tunes for text message/calls/AIMs. I found this useful as I use my phone as pager too. Configurable shortcuts for faster maneuverability

I was pretty psyched when I got the V600.  I took advantage of the great offers Amazon.com has and pretty much just got the nicest phone I could without paying anything after rebates.  Amazon.com was great and T-Mobile customer service was pretty spiffy too. However, unlike a lot of reviewers, this review is about the phone not the service provider or retailer.  This little baby has some good features but what you've heard about battery life is true.  It's a steady and accelerating decline, likened to what a lot of people have experienced with iPods.  I have to charge it at least once a day and most of my longer (>30 minute) conversations usually end with "I gotta go my phone's dying."  The second and biggest problem is that this phone has started to freeze up and shut itself down.  At first I would just turn it back on.  Next I had to pop out the battery and then it would come back on.  As of this morning it's just flat out dead.  The service guy at the T-Mobile store said he'd been having a number of the V600's coming back with similar problems.  I called T-Mobile support and they have a severe shipping delay on these b/c so many are coming back in.  So now they're sending me a V330. Hopefully I'll have better luck with that one.

Bought this phone for $24.99 (amazon.com). Its takes a while to get here if you order it from amazon.com.  I am using this phone since two months.  I like how it look.  Some complain about the weight, but I don't think It is heavy.  This phone is compact, It fits in pockets unlike some Nokias.  I bought a linksys bluetooth adapter for this phone and I its really cool how I cam transfer games, pics, ringtones from and to the phone.  It plays mp3s so you can put any song as you ringtone.  My friends are amazed how I can put any song as my ringtone.  The speaker is loud and clear, you can even hear it in a loud noisy room.  I would have to say that this is probably the best spekaer I have seen in a phone.  You don't have to buy games anymore, you can put any game on it from you computer.  Its sweet for standing in line, car trips, and etc.  The camera is really sweet.  Its not those cheap crappy camera with other phones,  I really like the camera.  It has a sharp crispy colorful screen.  I also like the keys.  It has aim on it for those people like me who love chating.  You will find a new feature in this phone everyday.  There is a slight learning curve.  Some fetaures are hidden deep in the menu.  I wanted a flip phone that had bluetooth and could fit is most of my pockets thats one of the reasons I bought this phone.  Now for the bad part.  Okay the phone is kind of slow.  if you press a key sometimes it will respond like 2 seconds later.  This can be really annoying sometimes.  The phne freezes up like atleast once a day its so annoying.  The first month of use it never happeend but during second month it started happening.  I think it is because I keep it in my pocket and It hits my lets every time I take a step.  So I higly recommend a clip or a holder.  Every time I pause a game, Whenever I try to play it again after  two hours the phone restarts, and I have start over.  There is music in the games.  5 MB!! that not enough.  It fills up really quickly and they have no expansion slots for expanding the memory.  I think that sucks because you can't fit all the ringtones, pics, and games in 5 MB.  You have to delete something.  I used to own a old motorola T722 and the Graphical User Interface (GUI) still hasnt change for the V600.  I think they need to change somethings in the phone like the menus becuase its getting old.  I get good service and good call quality except when you are inside a building then it has hard time picking up signal while my friend with At&T has full signal.  Except the freezing and the slow processor I think this phone is pretty awesome.  All of my friends love this phone. I would give it 3.5/5

This phone is a great phone. it works wonderfully and it is very pretty and sophiticated. it is also durable i have droped mine numerous times and it still works like a charm. i have had other phoen with chrome and the other's chrome have worn off but not this one. it has stayed in wornderful shape. it is an advanced phone even though it doesn't tke any videos. it still has blue tooth  it is color you can download rings set pictures for when people call and much more. if i had to ay one thing i didn;t like about it, i would say the outside buttons press a little more easily then i would like but that shouldn't be a deterrent from getting this phone because that hasn't been a big problem for me. i hope this reveiw helps you decide which phone to buy!!!!!!

I regret SO SO much buying this phone and considering the price now you'll be out of your mind if you buy it. The reception is the biggest issue, with T-mobile signal you'll be striving almost everywhere to just make a call. When people get out of their house to make a call you know they are using T-mobile... Battery life is the second biggest problem. Provided with only one battery, now I end up having to charge it almost EVERYDAY. Especially with its bluetooth on your battery can run from full to fool in just 40-min talking. Believe it or not now i carry the charger with me wherever I go even if I charged it this morning. Besides these two problems it also freezes for no reason sometimes. The entertaining capabilities is like none--only a couple of stupid games available--and they are trial versions!The response is incredibly slow considering the price and class of the phone. Never take pictures with this phone--It just make me wanna bang this phone against my friend's head who recommended this phone or throw it in fire for good.

I don't use m-mode since I have the internet at home, which works extremely well.  Therefore my monthly cellular costs are very low.  I bought this phone strictly for its appearance and the bluetooth headset.  The motorola headset is awesome!  I'm very happy with this phone.  If you charge it every evening, you can use it, coupled with the headset, for HOURS on end during the day, but you must charge both the phone and headset each night.  It's also great to have a flip phone that has a speaker option.  Of course there are some drawbacks to this phone (battery life, slow interface), but all in all, I would not choose another phone over it.  I also have bluetooth on my PC, which allows me to transfer data and pictures back and forth (without the internet intervention).

I like the phone & the features, it's not as user friendly as I was hoping. I purchased my first one in August, it's now the beginning of Oct. & T-Mobile is sending me a new one because this one is defective...(it won't charge). Hopefully this one holds up better.I love the bluetooth features. That is awesome.Camera and phonebook entry could be a little easier to operate like my E715 was, but guess you can't have everything.

Camera, bluetooth, and good speakerphone quality is attractive in addition to its good looks. Missed calls and going dead while talking is a reality. Battery runs out in a few hours after a few months of use.  I think this is a little expensive for what it provides you with. Another problem is that it does not always catch the signal when deep in store and in basement(?provider issue). Poor customer service from Motorola and T-mobile frustrates.

The phone is truly incredible as everything but a phone.  It is the best in every catagory EXCEPT the recption volume.  The cost of accessories to get a link from laptop to internet via the V600 is also something to consider.  It is very nice, though, as an on ramp to the www if you pay for the extras.  Only problem is that the connection can be difficult to initiate at high speeds or out of town.

My husband and I spent $300- each on these at the T-Mobile stores and got the bluetooth ear pieces and two $50 mail in rebates which seemed like a pretty good deal at the time. Three mailed back phones later, I feel as though I should have done things differently.* For bluetooth and as a phone the v600 works fine.* It drops calls more often than our Virgin mobile phones did.* If you like to make themes and mp3 musical loops for each individual in your address book you can have a lot of fun with it.* If you want to use it as a camera you may end up having a lot of problems.* It has a great weight to it and doesn't feel flimsy.* T-Mobile does not have the customer service I was led to believe they have. It sucks, basically. Not all of it, the people in the stores definitely try to help you out more. But on the phone we received a lot of disconnected calls and lies from at least two customer service reps.* No close-ups. Because the zoom means smaller and closer, not actual zoom.Every single camera I received had camera problems right out of the box.#1 - great previews, but the actual pictures once I sent them showed up as blurs.#2 - bad pixelation both in the preview and sent photos.#3 - great previews, but the actual pictures once I sent them showed up as blurs.#4 - great previews, but the actual pictures once I sent them showed up as blurs.All of these issues occurred right out of the box. Literally. As we just started our service two months ago, I feel frustrated. And if you have major problems like this don't think you can get an equal value model or make up the difference (which some customer service people told us). T-mobile wanted me to get a cheaper phone in what they consider an equal exchange but that does not have bluetooth. Or the ability to import mp3 tones.I had to send the V600 back to Motorola due to the fact they never get the phones from T-Mobile. So they had no history of this bug. And T-Mobile did not take the bug seriously even though I sent two cameras back to them. The second with detailed instructions and the pictures to show the difference between preview and actual photo.So, if you want to get a good phone with great bluetooth and the ability to play with making loops for your address book, then this will work great. You would just do better to get a cheap digital camera instead of using this one for anything more than basic stills. And check it for taking picturs of yourself in the store or as soon as you get it via mail. Because I've replicated the bug a few times and taking pictures of yourself to send to family seems one of the ways they promote to use it. And I tried to use it for that (as well as other things) and had a major problem.

I stumbled across the reviews on the Motorola V600 phone and was surprised at how negative many of them were, so I thought I'd share my 2 month (so far) experience with the V600.The V600 was my first "21st Century" phone.  My previous phones had all been Nokias.  My last phone was a B&W; TDMA Nokia 8265.  I was a Nokia fan for numerous reasons - my first choice for a new phone was a Nokia 6230 with Cingular, but they would not offer me a good deal because I had been a AT&T; customer.  So, aggravated, I moved on; T-Mobile had the best deals going and I got the V600 for -$20.At first, I was intimidated by selecting a "complicated" phone.  My husband has Sprint and has gone through many Samsungs, Sanyos, and LGs.  But the menus on the V600 are very easy to learn (I spent a good solid hour customizing everything and more time with the phonebook).  I preferred the phonebook on my Nokia, but Motorola's is not bad at all.  Everything about the phonebook is customizable!  Actually, everything about this phone can be customized.  For example, many reviewers complain about volume being too loud while playing games - it can be turned down by going to the "Java Settings" in the main menu!Anyways - the screen is bright, the camera is decent, and the faceplates can change.  I live in the Boston area and get pretty good reception everywhere.  I get tremendous battery life, in the 2 months I've had the V600, I have never once ended the day with any less than half a charge (and that's on an incredibly busy cell day).  Most of the time, I can hear the person on the other line very loud and clear (better than my Nokias ever did).The only things about this phone I don't love is the fact that "locking the keys" requires a password and occasionally I will have the phone in my pocket on silent and somehow the side buttons get pushed just right, and knocks the phone off of silent mode - it'll ring.  Also, being a Nokia fan, I do not feel comfortable with the flimsy way the Motorola chargers connect.  And one last thing, the pictures are kind of confusing to organize.In the end, if you're going with T-Mobile, good move - you will love the customer service and rate plans.  However, you are stuck with a pretty limited phone choice - know that even a year after it's release, you can't do much better than the Motorola V600.

This is the worst phone built by Motorola. The v300 was much better. A lot of bugs and problems. I had my phone exchanged 3 times. I called Motorola support, and they deny the problems.First, of all the phone is a bit bulky. The top cover can be very easily scratched. Next, the top LCD screen keeps on getting distorted, I have to turn the phone on and off.The phone has a slow responses time. The phone sometimes automatically turns off or freezes. The buttons on side of the phone are too sensitive, you can by mistake set it on silent mode. The phone doesn't have any better signal then v400.I think this phone was built by a bunch of rookies.

Again, stay away from this phone. I've made the mistake not to take into consideration the negative reviews that had previously been posted on this site (btw, it looks like I am the first to do a review for this phone; that's funny, I was here the day before and there were multiple other reviews for this V600) and went ahead and bought the phone. Major mistake. I got the phone Nov 22 and ever since I've been having only problems with it. I am returning it to Amazon for replacement with another phone. Not Motorola for sure. It loses the signal just out of the blue, and it won't come back to life for anywhere between 10-15 minutes and a couple of hours. If during this time I want to make a call I have to power it off and back on. I have 2 other lines with T-Mobile with different phones, and they all work in the same areas and conditions.It also appears that Cingular (another GSM carrier which had this phone) already pulled it off the market for reasons unknown to me. I can only guess why :-)Otherwise, nice features, it is small enough, Bluetooth compatible, takes decent photos. Too bad it can't do what it is actually supposed to do best: make and receive calls!

I have had the phone for about 7 months, I love many of the features, the colors, camera, blue tooth for my car and the size of the phone.But  Ive had so many dropped calls and calls that don't go through, that they have replaced it 4 times -Now cingular will replace this phone for a motorola v551  and they are no longer carrying the phone because of this known problem. The case also scratches easily. hopefully the v551 will be better.Dropped calls are frequent!

I'm kicking myself for not doing enough research before buying this phone.  Bought this V600 and a V300 on impulse based on 1) the VERY low prices, and 2) good customer satisfaction reports from Consumer Reports for T-Mobile:  second only to Verizon.  But I made a huge assumption that all GSM networks are created equal, so although I was switching from AT&T;/Cingular's GSM network to T-Mobile's GSM network, I figured network coverage would be the same.  Also, since Amazon advertises this as a "Quad Band" GSM phone I assumed it would be able to roam everywhere that there was ANY GSM signal. WRONG!  First problem:  T-Mobile only supports the 1900 MHz band in the US.  The phone is actually only a Tri-band, and the missing fourth band is the 850 MHz band that is growing rapidly in the USA, especially in rural areas.  So a couple of days after getting the phone I had the frustrating experience of driving for several hours in a rural area of Texas where my wife was easily conversing on her AT&T; wireless V180 quad band phone, while my GSM phone had no service at all.  Got home that night and started the research I should have done in the first place, to find out that T-Mobile has very limited roaming beyond major cities and interstates, and appears not to be positioned to support the 850 MHz band, which in addition to being the future of rural GSM, apparently has better reception characteristics everywhere (like penetrating deeper into buildings).  So now I'm really ticked, but frankly it was just too much hassle to consider returning the phones, getting new AT&T;/Cingular phones, and hoping to somehow port my phone number to the new carrier.  Luckily I'm only committed to one year, so I can jump to Cingular if T-Mobile hasn't decided to support broader roaming by then.On the good side, T-Mobile lived up to its reputation for good customer service.  Pleasant and knowledgable CSR handled consolidation of my two Amazon purchased phones into one family plan, and the porting of my old AT&T; wireless phone number to the new phone(took less than 12 hours).  And the phone itself has been great.  So if you don't care about roaming, this phone might be perfect for you.Also, I learned how to enable the 850 MHz band of the phone with some "Seem editing" tools available widely on the internet, making the phone a "Quad Band" again (and you can make the V300 a quad band too!) -- but that doesn't really do any good unless T-Mobile starts supporting roaming onto the 850 MHz networks.

I had very high hopes when I had my V600 in my hands. Now, after 5 months of use I regret the day I bought it. My aim was to get a flip cover phone with Bluetooth. On the paper, there wasn't really any competition against the V600. But the reality is altogether a different story.First, compared to the competition it is heavier. However, one can live with that.Second, the clamshell doesn't flip open very easily. It requires some hand acrobatics to open with one hand (in case you have your suitcase or something else occupying your other hand). Is it so difficult to create a small protrusion for a finger?Third, (and now it starts really getting bad) who in his right mind would put voice activation button which you tend to press every time you try to flip the cover open and the stupid phone asks you to say the name aloud. I don't even use the voice call function for God's sake!Fourth, the keypad is of very low quality. They keys don't work always and there is flaking on my phone's keypad where it writes "V600".Fifth, the software is the most none-user friendly one I have ever used. Granted, I had only one Samsung and all the other phones I have owned were Nokias but really, does it have to be so stupid? Don't Motorola engineers ever benchmark? Just copy Nokia if you don't have a good idea. Why do I have to create an entry for each number a person has? Why can't I adjust the phone ring tone for different categories of people?Sixth, in my fifth month of usage, I need to recharge this headache of a phone every day!Seventh, the software sometimes decides not to connect to the Bluetooth earpiece. Bluetooth earphone is the only nice thing about Motorola. It is the best design in the market, light and small. However it has a horrendous drain on the batteries. Be warned.I am returning my V600 tomorrow and I am curious as to what they will do but I have had enough!I would advise anyone who need a good phone to stay away.

I just sent in my phone to Motorola for repairs. In addition to Motoral being completely consumer UN-friendly, the phone has serious problems. As you will read in other reviews, the side keys are way too sensitive and will turn the phone to silent if you're not careful. The key response is very slow. It can take over a second for the phone to register the pressing of the key. I've had the phone for about 6 months and the internal screen started to come off and leak some sort of jelly-like substance.  My experience with their customer service was, quite possibly, the worst I've ever experienced. If you're looking for a good phone, pass this one up. I'm going back to Nokia.

I bought 3 cell phones this month: a Nokia 6800 for me because I thought the pull-out keyboard feature would be great; a Nokia 3100 for my mother; and the Motorola V600 for John.I programmed all the phones and the Motorola V600 was superior in EVERY WAY.  I actually went through all the trouble of doing without a cell phone for 2 wks. (Amazon.com wasn't carrying them then) to exchange my Nokia 6800 for a Motorola V600.The picture quality on the Nokia 6800 camera was HORRIBLE compared to the V600. The keyboard was more difficult and awkward on the Nokia; the setup and use of the V600 is just so superior!! (I promise you that you will regret choosing the Nokia 6800 once you have tried the V600.)Usually when you have a connection problem with a phone it is the carrier - but all of the phones worked fine with AT&T.;  What is frightening is that I really RESEARCHED all the phones and really wanted to read an amazon.com review as I just don't trust other reviews because most of them only print the "good" ones.  At Amazon, I know that I'm reading the actual experiences.  If I had not bought this phone for John, I never would have discovered it.The other phones were small and felt awkward.  And the Nokia 3100 is so difficult to turn on that my mother literally has had to use the end of a pencil to turn it on!  (I couldn't exchange hers as she had used it too much.)  But the V600, even though small, feels GREAT!  Very comfortable.  All the bells and whistles, but with the V600 - you can actually FIND the bells and whistles.  I just cannot say enough good things about this phone.  I do recommend that you buy one of the leather cases for the V600 when you order the phone to help protect it though.

In design, this is a great phone. The reception is good, the camera takes pictures as good as one can expect on a camera phone. The phonebook has groups (or categories) that you can group your contacts in, but it is a little clumsy accessing them. The only major problem is bug vulnerability. Periodicaly, the screen will freeze up and you will be required to remove and replace the battery to fix it. It seems annoying, and it is, but once you get used to it you can do it in 5 seconds and it isn't a big problem, and it doesn't happen alot. If you plan to use the phone in a rural area, don't get T-Mobile, as it is only for cities and interstates. Get Verizon instead. Overall, this is a pretty good phone.

I got 3 replacements of this phone and it still went bad. The screen dies and volume gets lower with time. Dropped calls are just too much. I am sure I must have lost a few friends when I had this phone.Tmobile service sucks. There is essentially no customer service. I am not going to T-mobile ever again.MOtorola has good phone but V600 is not one of them. My wife has V300 and it works good.

Bluetooth functionality leave a _lot_ to be desired from this phone.  It really only works well with it's own proprietary PC based software.  Although you'll be able to transfer files to and from your Mac, that's about all it can do with that platform.  Although it's supposed to be capable of OBEX object and file push, these features don't really work.Disappointed overall, as I was attracted to a bluetooth phone for doing this sort of stuff, but obviously I didn't do my homework well enough.  Will probably exchange this for a Nokia.As a regular phone, however, I do really like it.  Reception and sound quality are great, and the interface is very easy to use.

I use phone for talking.  Not to take 5 mega pixel picture of a mountain or to browse webistes for free deals. And I suppose, I am paying monthly service fee for phone service rather than browsing, playing games etc. Of course I would welcome any add on feature comes on top of basic feature.I used a nokia basic model from cingular. I liked it because I could see call lists for dialed numbers/recieved/missed. On this motorola phone, I did not see missed number log. In one day, I miss 10 calls, all I would see is last missed call number in the received call section. It is kind of confusing.This is a very basic feature and is missing. I do not know who tried to call me!!!Of course, I did experience call drops during long duration calls. Battery life is not good.Let me get one thing straight to motorola or who ever the engineers building cellphones !!GET THE BASIC FEATURE WORKING!!Phones are used for Voice communication and it is absolutely essential that this feature works!! If I need to take picture, I will buy a 500 dollar 8 meg camera and take a good picture.. and If I need to browse, I rather log on to my laptop. Least, I expect is to have a phone which takes pictures/ logs to net and fails to perform basic feature.. The voice communication..My suggestion, donot buy this phone. I am stuck as I cannot exchange this phone any more...

I've only had it for about a month and half, after i switched over to t-mobile.The phone is a bit heavier then most... but that's not such a bad thing. It's my first camera phone, the camera is very easy to use and the pictures come out pretty clear, and are good quality, and the zoom option is good. I like the multi-lingual options, and it's easy to send messages(both sms and mms). There are many ringtones to choose from, but besides the standard ring, i didn't like them too much, and decided to get a ring tone from the t-zones website.The phone book is pretty good, if you save your numbers on the SIM card, you have less options then if you save the number on the phone itself (like with having icons next to the name), but either way, it's quite easy.It's easy to figure things out, you can figure out how everything works just by messing with the phone and looking at the options..but there's always the option of looking in the manual. Battery and talk time is good, i don't charge my phone everynight, and it lasts pretty long.Downsides... the keypad, it took me a while to get used to. Sometimes the keys are hard to press and the numbers can take a second to come up. If you happen to use a phone card, when putting in the pin number, the input is kinda slow.Also, the side button is good because you can change the ring style(loud, soft, silent, vibrate, vibrate then ring) without opening the phone... but if you have it in your pocket or in a hand bag or something, you might unknowingly change your ring style(it hasn't happened yet, but it's a possibility).Overall i like the phone, i think the price might be a bit high... but if you're using the phone for basically talking, taking pictures, playing games and general stuff, it's worth it.

overall, i like it a lot, but there are a couple of problemsfor some reason i keep missing my ear -- it feels like i havethe phone oriented correctly, but when the sound level turnsout to be real quiet i realise i missed. there seems to besome tactile feedback issue with the design of the earpiecealso the 4-way button is less than perfect. the up-downaction specifically is a little wayward. often the actuationof the button seems a hit-and-miss afairi got my one in the UK a while ago, and it came with monopolywhich is quite the fun one-player game; the AI in it ispretty decent

I got this phone to use the Bluetooth with my Prius. That is about the only feature which works well. The buttons on the outside of the phone manage to mysteriously turn the ringer off resulting in missed calls or turn it from vibrate to ring resulting in embarrassing rings at inappropriate times. There is no way to inactivate them. The battery meter shows 6/6 (full charge) for two days. On the third morning, 6/6. A few hours later, it is warning me every few minutes that the battery needs charging. I can't find a way to tell it "I know. Now stop yelling at me". The interface for entering numbers is far from simple. The only use I have had for the camera is to replace the screen background with a dark background for readability. The original background picture makes it difficult to see the screen.I bought the phone when I switched to T-Mobile because ATT would not discount a new phone with Bluetooth when my contract expired. The T-Mobile salesman lied to me when he told me the phone workrd fine in the hospital I work at. He said his mother worked there and never missed a call. I never received a call.Unfortunately, I was too busy to get back to T-Mobile before 30 days so I am stuck with this phone for ten more months.Don't make the same mistake.

Only had it for one night, phone did not start the second day. They gave me a new one! The second phone they gave me had problems charging the battery sometime it charged sometimes it did not. eventually the receiver stop working it did not receive or send calls. The company changed it again. thats 3 times too many for  me!!

I received 2 of these phones with T-Mobile service which I am pretty happy with.  I will say if you are not used to Motorola phones you will probably find the menu and features not very user friendly, but once you get used to it you will find it functional.  After switching from a Sanyo (excellent) handset I was a little disappointed in the audio on the V600.  Having said that I find the reception pretty good. Listed below are my pros and cons:Pros1. Looks good2. Nice features (Calendar, Alarm, calculator, picture id, speakerphone)3. Seems to be more solid construction than other Motorolas4. Good consistent reception.5. A setting to vibrate a couple of times before ringing6. Fixed antenna not extendable7. BluetoothCons1. Speakerphone has to be already connected to a call to function.2. Not a fan of the charging adapter very small and delicate.3. No cover on charging adapter4. Sometimes displays that I  missed a call when in fact I answered it.Since these phones were free after rebate I am very happy with the V600 it's growing on me.

I purchased this phone @the price of $264. I previously owned the V60 and was dissapointed at the features and the major antenna problem. I also had difficulty justifying upgrading to the GSM/GPRS network. Motorola listened to customer feedback, and delivered a phone loaded with features. It's not quite a PDA but darn close. The phone itself is heavy, solid and sturdy, which leads me to believe its fairly durable, however, I did find a reccuring "glitch" in the display function. Which became quite annoying, as I couldn't read the time when I needed to. The biggest flaw I found in the phone was the battery life. I recently spent the weekend in seattle, and was fortunate that I had the charger with me, because I had to recharge 3 times that weekend.IMHO, If you're looking for a good phone with PDA features, you'll have to wait for another generation. If anybody needs me, I'll be on my digital service with my Panasonic Duramax phone.

I bought my V600 with very high expecations and the softwareon the phone is far from satisfactory. The phone has crashed more that 5 times already needing me to restart the phone(mean remove and re-insert the battery).It resulted in blank screens in some cases and inability to makecalls in other cases when the phone crashed.

This phone is currently one of the most used phones amongst people. I am trying to get this phone from quite a while and that too only on T-mobile plans. But due to the unavailibility of this phone from a long time, I am really not able to make finailze which phone should I go with. If this phone is made available again with T-mobile on Amazon, I will be glad to have it. It is my kind request to you that you make this phone available to your T-mobile customers soon.Thank you

This is my 4th cell phone and the last Motorola product I will ever buy.  This rather expensive phone has lots of features that are difficult you use, flawed or useless.  The thing I detest most about this phone are the left side buttons which are extremely sensitive to touch.  When placing the phone in a pocket or holster, if you bump these buttons you will change your ring style usually to silent from vibe and ring, rendering the device an expensive brick.  I "upgraded" to this phone and now experience frequent dropped calls and poor reception in areas where I used to have great service.  Obviously Motorola didn't do its due diligence in human factors engineering or field testing of this horrible product

I've had the V600 for about 3 weeks.  It has great features, but it "locks up" for short periods of time (1 minute to 2 hours).  It eventually comes "back to life", or the batteries can be removed and the device rebooted.T-Mobile has no plan to make these work.  This is a "Known Issue".  Motorola has not plans to fix it.  The V600 is approaching "End-of-life".Cingular recalled ALL of their V600s and replaced them.If T-Mobile cared about retaining their best customers, they would replace all V600s with a reliable phone.

Tech support is awful.  i've had 20 dropped calls in the past month.  i'll have four bars and in the middle of a conversation and the call would drop. I called Moto tech support located somewhere in india, and they said could do nothing.  They told me to buy another $300 phone.  i've talked with several other v600 owners and they've had the same problem.  DON'T BUY NEW MOTOROLA PHONES.

The new V600 from Motorola finally arrived. It has all the functions of a typical power cell phone these days: built-in digital camera, color screens, and lots of bells & whistles. But I have to say its styling is more attractive than most of the plain-vanilla silver phones from Asian manufacturers. Also, it's solidly built and feels sturdy. Reception is great, although I'm still not thrilled with T-Mobile's coverage here in the Northeast.What really excites me about the phone is the inclusion of Bluetooth and its quad-band capability. The latter means it'll get more coverage in the future as the new frequency is being implemented here in the U.S. (Does't make a difference overseas.) Bluetooth means I can finally use a wireless headset, and also hook up to my PDA and Fujitsu laptop.Even though this is available only for T-Mobile, it's one of the very best phones on the market today.

The only reason I got this phone is because it is a quad-band and I frequently travel oversees.  That is one of the few redeemable qualities of this phone.  The Bluetooth works good, but not great.  Using a Bluetooth headset, once paired, is easy.  The phone has a lot of neat extras.Now for the bad.  The phonebook is aweful.  It does not group all numbers under the same name, such as cell and home numbers.  Each number requires a seperate entry.  There is a little icon that distuingishes between cell and home.  Very little.  And since the phonebook is perhaps the most important thing on a phone, a bad one can ruin the phone.If you do not need all four bands, do not, I repeat, do not get this phone.  Get an Ericsson.  You'll be much happier with it.

I don't know how many times this phone gave me an urge to smack the handset. External LCD character gets scramble more than twice out of 5 times, which really made me feel bad.But the worst part is that this phone sometimes doesn't even perform its fundamental job which is just making and receiving calls. I believe the problem is ver poor signal reception compared to other brand cell phone(my service was T-mobile).Battery performance is pretty weak as well.I'm not sure this was the only problem of mine or not but, another problem was the regular speaker(not for the speaker phone)for the ear contact becomes dummy 7 out of 10 times, which eventually led me to throw the phone down at the ground so harshly.I mean, this phone has lots of funcionalities, especially bluetooth technology is pretty decent over all. But they first need to make the phone which has robust fundamental base(stable making and receiving calls) and then should add lots of features.I was regretting so many times while I was using this phone and I got back to Samsung again thinking that I would never go back to Motorola in the future.

this phone is a good heavy strong outer coated phone, but whatever you do, don't let these things fool you, treat this phone like a baby when you first buy it. Don't drop it, don't close the phone hard, if u do, u will know cause a white screen will let u know, then its take the battery out put it back in and start all over.I paid $400 for the phone, and when it was ready to be sent back to get a new(don't tell me everyone hasn't dropped their phone a time or 2) point being if you send it back after paying full insurance and they say we will send you a repaired phone( i don't wont repaired phones that someone else broke, but it is cheaper than i can get mine fixed), ya it all begins there. you will never get a brand new phone and are dealing with fixed ones until you buy another one.Other than that fact, the phone is one of the best I have had, all 3 of em(i use for work and i put em thru h*ll),the strong signal and loud speakers help the main function of the phone if thats what ur looking for. ( o and for the people that have the problems with the buttons on the outside of the phone making noise while in your pocket or changing your settings, go into your looks and lock just those keys out u don't need em anyway)

Very nice phone but it is Tri band not quad band. T-mobile has degraded this excellent phone by removing the 850 band from the T-mobile v600. The ATT and Cingular v600's are quad band. You can choose the bands you want on the menu of the phone. Why would T-mobile remove it so you can't use it? For roaming or future use delibrately removing a band from a quad band phone is not in the customer's interest.

I like the phone but, TMobile has no, that's NO (NO) reception. NONE. ZERO. Every single time I use my phone I lose the phone call. Every time!

Pros:1. Good looking design.Cons:1. Randomly freezes. Power off or taking battery out will bring phone back to life.2. Missed calls, rarely though.3. Bluetooth is not stable.4. T-Mobile has sent me 3 replacement phone so far. Each one of those had Cons 1) and 3).

Mine i got it brand new and it dies within 1 month.  I have it replace by T-mobile and the new one once a again dies within 1 month of use.  since then i have been replacing it for 2 additional times.  So people, you see how reliable this phone can be right!!!!

It's a solid phone, good sound, battery - but it's heavy and kind of big. I was used to a smaller phone and although I took a step up with features, I took one down with size,weight.Also, the phone book stinks. Instead of having one entry per name, and then selecting whether you want to call the person's mobile, home, or office number - there are seperate entries for each of those so it looks like this:dave  (little icon shows home)dave  (little icon shows mobile)dave  (you get the idea)dave

This phone is extremely awesome.  It has some of the best features I have ever seen, not to mention that is looks great on the outside.  First of all, all the people that I have called tell me that they can hear me very crisp and sharply, almost as if I was on a regular phone.  Also, the playback sound is great. The quality is one of the best I've heard on any cellphoneThe phone is also extremely user-friendly.  Everything in the phone is easily accessible.  The menu is small and concise, and, overall, nothing is crowded in front of you.  T-Mobile is also really awesome.  I'd choose this over any other service provider.  I am in the 30338 Atlanta area, and I always have a full bar.Finally, I'd seriously recommend this phone.  It is perfect.  Also, the fact that you get paid to actually buy it (through the rebates) is awesome.  This phone is truly one of the most stylish, feature-ready, and inexpensive (thanks to Amazon) on the market right now.

I recently purchased the V600 Motorola phone and the Jabra BT250 Bluetooth headset through Cingular.  The phone itself is quite cool.  Cingular service in New Jersey and Texas, however, has been very spotty.  The Jabra headset and/or V600 have not been worth the trouble.  When the combination works, it's very nice.  However, I frequently lose the pairing between the two and have to take the SIMM card out of the phone and re-charge the headset (basically re-booting both of them).  The earpiece on the headset is pretty weak.  I have to hold my finger on it to keep it in my ear so I can hear well.  I might as well hold the phone to my ear.

Overall a very very good phone!Pros:Speakphone is good, bluetooth headset works fine, I've dropped it a few times and it hasn't even been damaged, keys are relatively easy to press.Cons:Usually if you zoom in while taking a picture, the quality of the picture becomes distorted.  Voice dialing often commits errors, sometimes has a hard time keeping connection with bluetooth, programs are sometimes very slow to upload,.. that's allThe pros outweigh the cons, because it's a working phone with much crisper quality than some others 8).  It's not plastic! Don't worry... I have problems with plastic  phones. lol.and.. that's pretty much it.. oh yeah, really easy to change faceplates.  People don't have to take apart your phone.

This is one of the worst phones I've ever owned. Prior to this I had the Motorola T720, and I didn't like it either. The only reason I went with the V600 was because I like the flip phones, and at the time I purchased this one, it was the only flip with bluetooth, and I wanted to use a bluetooth headset I already owned.The reception is terrible, and I don't care what that other guy says, the phone does have a lot to do with it. I was told that by a customer service rep.I don't like the way the addresses scroll. There's always a slight delay when pushing the scroll buttons...very annoying. And I have the same problem here with the ringer getting set to silent mode when I put the phone in my pocket. That's because of the stupid buttons on the side. They are useless. I don't know why Motorola insists on using them.I like the speakerphone feature, but again, Motorola screwed that up. You can only turn on the speakerphone after a connection is made. How rediculous. You should be able to turn it on before placing a call, or when answering a call...like the cordless phone in your house.A friend of mine just got an LG phone which he has been raving about. I think I will dump this phone in favor of that one.

T-Mobile's website describes this phone as tri-band supporting only the 900/180/1900 MHz bands.Update 10/13/05:I'm willing to accept a slight margin for error on personal electronics, but poor implementation or quality control on the V600's have soured my taste for Motorola phones altogether. The interface can lag a little and features like the MotoMixer (mixing samples into ringtones/alarmtones) or even the camera don't have to completely polished, but one truth must be absolute: A cell phone must make and receive calls without fail.I've already replaced 3 of these for crashing and dropped calls. There would be more, but T-Mobile decided to send a V330 the last time.Don't buy this phone!

I love this phone and i got the song 'my boo' as my ring tone i think that motorola Is the best type of cell phonen in the world and i tell them to keep up the good work whats poping holla.

We bought this phone for an expensive price last year thinking it was one of the best Cingular had to offer.  Nothing but problems over and over.  We tried to report it as defective phone - it wouldn't hold the voice mail set up and you had to call cingular again and again to reprogram it.  Then there is the problem of the buttons on the side that change your ring from loud to silent with a beep but those buttons should be located elsewhere where they accidently won't get pressed.  We have 4 Cingular phones one Motorola V600 and the rest the Motorola V400 GSM.  ALL OF THE PHONES DROP CALLS LIKE CRAZY.  YOU CAN BARELY EVER GET A CONVERSATION TO ENDURE TO ITS CONCLUSION WITHOUT IT DROPPING.  ALSO WHEN YOU TRY TO DIAL OUT IN THE CAR, THE "CALL FAILED" HAPPENS MORE TIMES THAN IT GOES THROUGH.  AS SOON AS THIS CONTRACT IS UP - WE'RE THROUGH WITH CINGULAR.  BEFORE CINGULAR WE HAD SPRINT AND THEY DISCONTINUED THE 3 PHONES WE HAD AND A FRIEND WHO WORKED FOR SPRINT TOLD US THAT THE REASON THEY DISCONTINUED OUR PHONES WAS DUE TO A PROBLEM WITH DROPPED CALLS - WE ALSO HAD TONS OF DROPPED CALLS WITH SPRINT.  BEFORE THAT IT WAS AT&T Wireless - with dual band analog/digital but that didn't work the way it was supposed to either so every time you were out of range - the call dropped.  WAY BACK WHEN WE HAD A CELLULAR ONE BIG PHONE THAT NEVER DROPPED CALLS.  WHAT'S HAPPENED?  PROBABLY TOO MANY USERS NOW SO THEY ROTATE DROPPING CALLS PURPOSELY SO THAT ALL THE USERS WILL THINK THEY GET EASY ACCESS TO THE TOWERS - JUST LIKE THE ISPs DID WHEN THEIR CUSTOMER BASE BECAME TOO LARGE FOR THEIR SERVER CAPACITY.

i have purches that phone 2 month ago after i got use to use  the sony t610. the sony was keeping my wireless bluetooth wireless device connected just fine but the motorola like to drop the connection and is unreliable.whan the bluetooth is connected you dont have much choices for ringtones, it is eather loud or not loud -- thats the choices.from tine to time the connection to the bluetooth will be lost and i have to restart the phone.also the software is very confusing even for me that im very good with computers.it happent to me that whan i want to dial using voice dialing and i didnt say anything it will dial someone.talk time is very good.the camers takes nice pictures.i have purchase the v600 because of the features but next year whan my contract end i will look for another phone not from motorola.

It has bad reception & sound quality in DC area on Tmobile. Java is slow as expected on Motorola Phones.Nothing has been improved since t721i as far as functionality goes. Except Speaker phone and BluetoothOverall: Not that good, had to return mine

I bought this model phone from ATT Wireless in May 2003and have had considerable trouble with the display failing.The first time it failed was withing their 30 day return/swappolicy and so the local store exchanged it.The next 2 times, I carried it to an authorized Motorolarepair station here in Nashville and the second time,the service technician told that Motorola was having a lot oftrouble with this model and it's display, but Motorola hadn't made a permanent repair solution available to them yet.I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

This has to be the worst phone i have ever seen...and i have been using cellphones for quite a while now. Everything that everyone says is bad about this phone is true....every single complaint you WILL experience one time or the other with this phone. I have owned the V600 for about 4 months now.. and it's on it's way for it's first handset exchange.You get a white screen without warning,especially when you are about to recieve a call. So the call is lost,and you have to take the battery out and re-insert to get the phone working again. Now my battery only holds about 2 hours of charge even after a full recharge...which means if i do not have a charger nearby; too bad for me!! Dropped calls happen ever so often that it's so not a joke anymore; and it connects to my bluetooth headset and bluetooth car kit when it feels like it.It's been a total nightmare!! Motorola should be held to some kind of class-action suit or something..this phone, with all it's cool features,just does not cut it especially for extremely busy professionals. T-mobile service just further adds insult to injury..my handset exchange is on hold for a while now because they are back-ordered with this model. I'm sure that is due to the numerous complaints with the phone. Whatever you do,especially with the sales offered by so many companies on this phone that it looks like an awesome deal(why do u think it is so cheap in the first place??!!)DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!

I like this phone. Especially the bluetooth for a wireless headset. It's downside is it's signal degrades as it ages. A few years old, and it is fairly worthless. Better to buy a newer phone ever couple years.Camera is much like other cell phone cameras. Without a flash, they all stink. Lo-res, too. Not a substitute for a digital camera.Menu is easy to navigate. You can customize it easily. Numbers are easy to input on the phone. Plenty of ring tones.I've dropped mine on the floor several times, and it has withstood the pounding. Does not work well with a leather case/sleeve. Covers the speaker (hands-free) and doesn't let the unit hinge closed all the way. Maybe there are thinner cases than what I bought.Overall, lots of nice features.If you use a phone primarily for voice, this is a great option. Small, light, durable.

If the primary reason you buy a cell phone is to use it as a cell phone (and not for photos, mp3s, text messaging),then this is a rock-solid phone.  The operating system and user interface are both good and operate well, the user interface in particular is very user-friendly and intuitive.  The photos are fine.  It has bluetooth.I dropped it many times, but it still worked fine.  Plus it looks very slick too, many people have commented on its cool appearance.The one downside for me is that the phone is a bit heavy. It's not a thin and light Razr.

I have 200-300 nums. phone has to have diff entry for each cell, office, home.  and search only works for first letter than you scroll till your car crashes.  I have 40 entries under s and need avg of 23-25 clicks to find a name even though I am a power user and use tricks like searching for t and going backard into.  I had motorola v66 and I thought moto would have fixed their search problems by two generations later v600 and i still got the stupid 20 key scroll.  never buy motorola phones unless you intend to be moron.

A lot of bugs and problems. I had my phone exchanged 2 times because it kept hanging up on all incomming calls. Come to find out, the case (all cases I have tried to date) make the flip out lid extend to the point of answering if not careful when unclipping from holster, so if your not careful, you will hang up on your call by mistake (now I carry the phone with no case in my pocket). The phone is bulky. The top LCD screen keeps on getting distorted, I have to turn the phone on and off. The phone buttons have a very, very slow responses time and I have dialed the same numbers over and over in a hurry. The buttons on side of the phone are too sensitive, you can by mistake set it on silent mode (this happens ALL THE TIME!). And the most annoying issue on top of all others is that even if you delete your voicemail, the phone still shows you have calls, so you have to delete them manually in the phone to clear the icon. Next phone will be a NO-FRILLS, cheap, SIMPLE phone!

I ordered a couple of V600 with T-Mobile service, from Amazon.com. This happened a couple of weeks ago. Amazon told me that the order would be delivered by 16th december.On 14th TMobile confirmed that the credit check is done and it is approved. Today is 21st and still Amazon says they haven't received approval from TMobile. TMobile again and again says they have sent the update to Amazon.Obviously no service provider takes two weeks to check the credit. So I am sure the bottleneck for my order is Amazon. SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!!!Regarding V600 with TMobile service, some of my friends are using it and it is too good. I am eager to see my new V600 phone. But probably I will not be able to see them in 2004 :-( . I have ordered a few books, a laptop from amazon earlier and the service was prompt. But for mobile phones, don't believe them. It seems they don't keep track of their mobile phone inventory efficiently.

I bought Motorola V600 in replacement of Sory Erricson T610.  I have used several cell phones since 1992 and this is the worst phone I have ever used.Phone book scrolling is very slow and some futures in this phone are not good at all.  No Doubt that V600 have all the futures and look wise is very attractive but no use.  I have been using this phone since November 2004 and now I am sick and tired with this.

This phone is by far the best cell phone on the market.The integrated camera takes surprisingly clear pictures and, unlike the Samsung E715 which I had to return, the images are full-screen when saved as the wallpaper.The keypad layout is perfect and the phone feels sturdy as if it is built to last.One feature I have come to appreciate is the ring volume control on the side of the phone.  It prevents the user from having scroll through a bunch of menus and setting controls within the phone's software.  Great for if you're in a hurry.The reception is good, however I found the Samsung E715 with the internal antenna to have a stronger signal than the V600.Also, it only comes with 1 full-length game and the other two are very short demos.Everything else regarding this phone is flawless and if you don't like something about it, chances are you can fix it because everything is very customizable.Amazon says that the phone does not contain a PIM, alarm or Internet Browser, but it actually DOES contain all three features.

This is the first cell phone I've ever had, so I can't really compare it to anything.  It serves my purpose.  There are some negative things to note about it.  For one the instruction manuel is a waste.  It really does not tell you anything except the absolute basics.  There are many features that I would have never found out about if I didn't fool around with different buttons.  I have still don't know how to use speed-dial for anyone after speed dial 9.  If anyone figures out how I would appreciate someone telling me how.  Second of all, when scrolling or moving between menues, the software goes really slow.  Third of all the phone reminds me that I have a missed call even after I check my recieved phone calls list, and sometimes even after I have called the person back.  That can be really frustrating at times.  But on the plus side it does have a good speakerphone, it does have voice dialing, and the sound clarity is good.  Once again this is the first cell phone I have ever had.  I wouldn't call this the worst phone in the world, but it definitly has a few significant flaws.

I purchased this phone roughly 6 months ago and have been relatively happy with it. Previously, I had never owned a GSM phone, and while the design is great and I love holding it (it's quite a bit heavier than most phones), the service is worse than on my old 2 phones, and my friends with Verizon and Sprint seem to have better service, but it definitely isn't bad. I can talk in a normal voice and have good conversations on it, even at 2 bars, and  I have very few dropped calls.Sometimes, when keeping the phone in my pocket, the screen freezes and turns white, and I don't recieve any calls. While all I have to do is turn the phone off and on again, this is rather bothersome.The battery life is really good. I've been very impressed with it.The chrome paint separating the digital display from the rest of the phone chips easily, don't expect that to stay for very long.Everything's a bit pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for . This isn't the phone to end all phone's but it definitely is a great phone. I'd probably reccomend the v710 or whatever the next version is, but you won't be dissapointed.

It is not a very good cell phone. I actually get to work with dozens of different cell phones every year and this one, as much as I'd like to recommend it because it a US manufacturer and a very well constructed device, is just not very good as a phone. It drops call easily, fails to receive calls reliably, changes ring modes spontaneously, and the operating system is not very pragmatic. For example, the called number history and received call history are each limited to ten numbers, sure it can download and play video wonderfully, but to limit the call history to 10 calls is short-sighted as I personally find that allocation of memory a little more useful. Similarly, the camera is well done, and the bluetooth is a nice feature, but the menu system cannot be navigated with just the directional arrows, expect to have to use no less than 7 buttons while driving to call someone back.

In terms of overall quality, feel, and look, the Motorola v600 is a solid and well-made product. I won't go into all the technical pros and cons that are already listed on this page and which, for the most part, work as described.But there is one exception: some advertisements for this phone list that it has an MP3 player included and it does not (it can play MP3 ring tones only).More annoyingly for me, it also has a tone that alerts a user when the phone goes into and out of a coverage area, a tone that as far as I can tell cannot be disabled or turned down, even if the ringer volume is on silent. This makes for a bothersome symphony of beeps in any situation where the reception comes and goes, such as on a train passing through tunnels and rural areas or in steel or stone buildings where coverage can occasionally be blocked. Unfortunately, I live in such a building and unless I keep it near a window I risk being kept awake at night by the alert tone telling me that at 3 a.m. the phone has found and then lost a signal.

I used to work for T-Mobile. If you have problems with the phone, call the service center *while* your phone is acting up. Call the 800 # from a different phone. The rep will ask you a bunch of questions. 9 times out of 10 you will get a replacement phone. If it fixes itself while you're on the phone,ask the rep to note the troubleshooting and stay on the line while they notate your account. If the phone acts up the same way again you have a track record and it will be easier to exchange your phone. With the V600 and V300 series, if it starts dropping calls just turn it off and back on again once every 24-36 hours. If you're burning thru batteries, call Motorola if you're past your 90 day window but within 12 months. Remember, if you're nice to the rep they're going to do everything they can to help you, especially if you're to the point.

I was very desperate to get my mobile after I ordered it. Everything was cool for 1 week. No sooner a week I found nothing on the display on the flip. Something came back but couldnt read it. All the characters were half broken. When I opened the flip to check something no buttons worked. I had to restart the mobile (Reinsert the battery). I got it replaced and alas the second phone gave started giving the same problem after 2-3 weeks. The display of this phone sucks. But other than that the reception in T-Mobile is good. The features are good. I am not sure of the size of the software, but there is a noticeable time gap for every button click you make. So be careful about buying this phone.

A great easy to use phone.  I travel a lot, all over the world so the tri-band facility is a great help, and I like the fact the camera is fool proof, I'm not the most technologically minded person in the world!It's easy to navigate, the camera is a snappy little number (terrible pun I know!) my only complaint is the position of the shutter, it is a little awkward but once you get used to it you can take some pretty nifty pictures.The polyphone ring-tones are excellent, and though further music downloads are quite expensive it is still a nice thing to have that you can show off to your friends.Covers are easy to buy from the downright cheap and cheerful, $5 or less, to the obscenely expensive $50 or more.I downloaded the game Tetris to my phone and also a basic chess game and both play well on the phone, my phone gave me a couple of bog standard games plus Monopoly which was a nice surprise.I liked the fact you could have photos next to individual phone numbers and once you get used to the hang of how to text on it, its really great fun.I haven't quite mastered the art of the hands free set yet, (Bluetooth to you clever clogs out there!) but I am getting there, slowly but surely!I bought my phone in the UK but it is very much like the USA version other than the fact you pay your bills in dollars whilst I pay mine in pound sterling!

I have had this phone for about 6 mos.  I have sent it back 3 times and still have the same problems.  Intermitent "dead periods" in the middle of a call for 1 sec to 60 sec.  They have sent 3 replacements with the same issues.  My wife has another brand phone on the same GSM service and it works when my doesn't.  Stay away from the V 600 !!

I have used Motorola phones for over 6 years now and when I changed jobs, I switched carriers (Verizon to T-Mobile) and phones.  Unfortunately, I have been disappointed greatly by both.  The phone is slow to react when you answer calls, heavy and it "freezes" up and the only way to get it working is removing the battery and reinserting it.  In terms of service, I've had more dropped calls in 1 month than in 6 years.  The service is horrible.  I understand the Verizon is more expensive, but if you want service... I suggest you switch out of T-mobile...

i am EXTREMLY disapointed with motorola.  i bought my v600 over the summer for 300 bucks and loved it for about a month.  but then, it went dead.  just like that, with no warning and no low battery.  it wouldent turn on and wouldent show any sign of life no matter what i tried.  i went everywhere to see what was wrong but not even the experts could not figure it out.  so i looked up the warranty info and found that it was still under warranty, and that if i just sent it in, motorola would fix it and send it back to me in no more then 15 days.  so i sent it, and they recieved it on september 3rd.  i expected that at the latest, it would be back at the end of the month.  i called and called when it dident come, i talked the people on the phone about a million times and they gave me a diffrent deadline when my phone WOULD be here everytime i called, and every time, that day passed with no v600 at my door.  i was informed that it would be replaced because the problem could not be fixed, but by this time, i was already a VERY dissatisfied customer.  after talking to all those people on the phone and wasting all my time, and even being hung up on by one, my phone got here today.  today is OCTOBER 19TH AND I JUST GOT THE PHONE.  that is over TWICE what they said it would be.  OVER A MONTH WITH NO CELL PHONE.  and thats not all.  the replacement is RE FURBISHED and has time on it so i cant sell it.  it also has a dent a plastic part, the speaker has a rattle AND the down button on the pad barely works.  i dont even want to waste any more time on the phone with motorola.  this was the LAST purchase i will ever make from them and i recomend you do the same.

This phone is among the best I've owned.  The color screen is fantastic, but I truly like the technology features this phone has built in; things like BlueTooth support which I use all the time to sync my calendar with my PC and for my wireless headset.  The camera works great, though I think there are higher resolution camera phones out there now if that's important to you.  Call quality has been top-notch, and the battery life is among the best I've experienced with any phone.  The software is sometimes slow to respond (imagine a PC that needs a little more RAM to speed things up, and you'll know what I mean), but its not enough of an issue for me to affect my overall rating of the phone.  Size/form factor is also perfect for me.  If you're new to Motorola phones, I've never liked the way they organize their phone book entries, but this is something you simply have to live with when you buy a Motorola phone.  I admit I haven't had the opportunity to use this phone in another country's GSM network, but its nice to know the phone has the flexibilty should I need to jet off to Europe for work!  All in all, its a phone I highly recommend.

I'm VERY disappointed with this purchase!  The screen on the front often distorts and stops working.  The internal screen stops working all-together.  Then, suddenly it begins to work again after a week.  Then, it breaks again.  I've had to switch back to my old phone.A friend of mine also has the V600, and is experiencing the exact problems I am having.I don't recommend this phone.  Motorola really slipped up on this one!

I have had this phone for almost a month now and have been extremely dissappointed the performance.  The phone does not pick up a good signal at all.  With all other conditions the same my last two phones have had much better signals than this one.  Motorola also has other phones, cheaper by the way, with better navigation, reception, and screen resolution.  I would nto suggest buying this phone.

Do not waste your money on this phone.. I think it is possibly the worst phone ever.. I wished I would have done research before I bought it.. My friends have started to make fun of me saying my new favorite word is "Whats that?".. Reception is horrible and sounds like a walkie-talkie.. I'm always checking my phones volume because I usually can't hear anything and it always is the highest it goes.. I've had so many drop calls with this phone too.. I had to call people 4 times before ending up using my house phone... I'll have my phone in my pocket and next thing I know I take it out and have 2 missed calls.. the button is easily switched from vibrate to silent and even when it is on vibrate sometimes it doesn't do it... When I'm on the phone many times it will freeze causing me to take my battery out or other times I will just be browsing on it and the screen will go white and force me to take the battery out.. I've already sent this phone in once due to the camera not working, all the pictures I took where infrared.. This is my first motorola phone so i dunno if its just this phone or all of motorola.. BEWARE...

I am so p*ssed off that i got suckered into buying this load of old cr*p. the functions are about the same as on my old mans ford anglia and so is the stitch gear. poorly thought out product. One good point is the excess weight of the unit (2.5 Kg) means i dont have to go the the gym anymore, as carrying this around all day gets my arms and traps really pumped.Overall i wish i'd gone for the V80 which is a real mans phone.

In total I had to return my phone 5 times for 5 different reasons. Not a very good phone, but T-mobile was good about sending me a new one each time.

Overall, the phone is working well for me.  The setup of the phone book is taking a little getting used to.  Since you can't type a contact's name in the keyboard to dial their number, I am switching to using the voice dial, which seems to work well if you give it enough syllables.  Pictures are decent and the battery life is good, if you avoid doing partial charges.This is the big tip for the Mac users.  Buy the official Motorola USB cable (Cat number skn6311a) and you can synchronize your Address Book and iCal entries using iSync.  No additional software is necessary.  Other cables may not work.  (I tried one other and got no response)  Supposedly, iSync over Bluetooth isn't supported, so I'd recommend just paying the $15 to order a cable from an on-line distributor.Another tip, it's probably worth buying a second battery.  This phone has wierd behavior on charging.  If you are talking on the phone and the batteries run out, and you plug in the power adaptor, the phone will still run out of power and die.  If the battery is dead and you start charging the phone, you cannot turn the phone on.  You have to charge it for a few minutes, unplug the power adaptor, turn the phone on and then re-plug the power adaptor.  It's a pretty brain-dead design flaw if you ask me, but I intend to just run down each battery completely and swap to a fully charged one every time.  (This should ensure longer battery life anyhow.)

The official review says things like "nothing's going to break off" but that's not entirely true.  My cover slips off in my pocket all of the time as I pull it out to answer a call.  It has already gotten bent and no longer fits as well as it once did.Furthermore, my coverage hasn't been all that great.  With a little investigation, it appears that other t-mobile phones receive a stronger signal with all other conditions being the same.Additionally, the phone isn't very responsive. Sometimes when I start to dial a number, there will be significant lag (1/2 to 1 second) before the number, and accompanying sounds, begin to appear.Finally, on the Mac, iSync doesn't work with this phone over Bluetooth.  You either need an additional utility like "OnSync" or purchase the USB cable for the phone and then iSync is supposed to work.

This phone is great! I only wish I didn't have to return it do to a lack of coverage areas offerd by T-Mobile. The Mortorola V600 has a lot going for it. Easy menu, great signal strength, (when you have proper area coverage)Instant downloads, sleak design, and so much more. The Camera is fairly decent as well, whith the ability to zoom. I would have switched it over to ATT&T; if not for the reports of poor coverage for them as well.I can only speak for the T-Mobile coverage when I say this phone is not for you if you need to roam, it's really not an option in certain areas and I wish that someone else would have pointed that out before I purchased this phone. I will tell you that T-Mobile has an excellent service department and I will look to sign up with T-mobile in the future IF they get better coverage.I hope this review helps.Good Luck!

I did't see the reviews before i got this phone. The first day it self the display got hung when my wife is trying to call me from the same shopping place. I had to remove and place the battery to get started. The same problem araised when the battery is down and the display is hung even when the phone is given charging. I had removed and placed the battery to get to see the screen. As one of the reviews say the software is also very slow.T-Mobile support asked me to do a master reset. But i am sure the problem is still there in this phone.This is a slow response phone!!!

I have had several phones, from Nokia to Samsung, and I love this phone. It has tons of features, a great look, and can even check your email. I am VERY happy with it and have not experineced any problesm at all. On the contrary, I constantly use its many great features and admire it's good looks and bluetooth wireless headset (optional).

The V600 is a 3.5 out of 5 phone, IMO.  Not the best but certainly not the worst.  And T-Mobile beats everyone else in my experience.  Perhaps the V600 is not good in England because their connectivity  technology is a bit short.  We notice that the Brits are really progressive.  Thats why they depend on our Amazon.com, our EBAY and countless other needs they can't seem to get going for themselves.  Ck the Prince of Wales and his new bride for a good example of Brit quality. Anyway, Thanks for your encouragement, Mr. Lime - and your politeness, you have confirmed our held views. Maybe consider some good Brit manners with your enlightening reviews next time. Cheers ! ! !

initially i was pleased with this phone; the camera shoots fairly good outdoor pics (though not indoors), and the phone worked well enough--for a bit, anyway. i've had to have 3 replaced now (and 2 in a 2 week period alone) for what my service provider says are 'software problems' with this phone (they don't even sell them anymore). the keypad--flat, like most phones nowadays, has no separate keys--and i had major problems with the keys being hyper-responsive or non-responsive; i also kept getting error msgs that baffled my ever-competent provider (the phone kept saying my memory was low, and yet i store nothing on it), as well as other problems, too many to enumerate. i'm now switching to samsung, albeit somewhat regrettably, because i did like this phone; but obviously there are 'fatal errors' with the phone itself. in short, think long and hard about getting one (the last one i used for about a half hour before it 'broke' again). you'd think with all the technology at our disposal that a company could make a viable phone that will not die--or even just disappoint you--within a matter of weeks, or, for me, within a half hour. so, buyer beware.

I had a Nokia 3650 as my previous phone, but I was very dissapointed with the phone and the service I got from T-Mobile, so I wanted to get a phone that has many of the same features that wasn't as big as the Nokia. It's definately smaller and has almost as many features.What it doesn't have that I have been told that it did is infared, video recorder, and a flash for the camera. Other than that, I've been pretty happy with it so far. It's definately much more simpler than the Nokia 3650, which is built for the level of genius which I don't possess, and apperantly t-mobile as well. It was so technical that neither t-mobile or nokia could help me figure out how to work it.On with the Motorola though. Everything is done for you, such as the connection to sending and recieving e-mail, and AOL is definately much much easier. The camera is great, and it zooms up to 4x. The phone is overall more fun with all the extras, like the color rings and the downloadable game choices.Some complaints from others, the buttons on the outside are easy to push, maybe too easy, and then the buttons on the inside are harder to push, or harder to find the right place to push. Haven't had any dropped calls yet, and reception in my area which was bad is much better, anywhere in my house. Also, for the missed calls/recieved calls complaint, they're all listed under "recieved calls", but the missed calls do not have a check mark next to them, where the recieved calls do, so you can tell the difference.The phone is just fun to learn how to use it, but definately not the type for someone who needs to constantly access things with a quickness, like a rushed business person. Oh, another annoying thing, if you hate I-Tap, beware. When you're inserting a person's name into your addresses, it will automatically go to I-Tap, but by pressing the # button, the inserting mode will change. I just hate I-Tap with a passion.Unlike the Samsung E715, the middle button is the select button, and you can turn the camera shutter sound off, or change it to a different sound, like a duck or chimp.If you've never had a motorola phone before, make sure you check one out, because they're definately different. It takes patience to get used to them than say a Nokia. So far, it's a great phone, and just a relief to not have to deal with such a technical phone as the Nokia 3650. I love it so far.

Motorola's V600 has the killer feature missing in all the other phones I've researched so far. I got rid of my Nokia 3650 do-everything phone because of the omission of this feature.  It will function as an ANALOG modem when used with a Bluetooth equipped Laptop. This means you can use your existing dial-up account for internet access without the hideous per-kilobyte download fees. Naturally you use your airtime but most of us have nights and weekends free plans anyway...when do you surf the most?? The only thing I've found irritating about this phone is having to spend $30 on software for data exchange on the computer when other phones come with that type software included.

Don't buy this phone if you're looking for a toy.  This isn't the best camera, or the best mp3 player, or the best ringtone jukebox, although it performs very well on each.Buy this phone if you are looking for a rock solid reliable communication tool with nice feel and nice looks that also happens to have a decent camera, a rich polyphonic speaker, and an extraordinarily crisp and vibrant screen.This is a quad band phone.  Most phones are single or dual band.  If this isn't important to you, you don't need this phone.This is the most solid and reliable *quad* band phone readily available at a reasonable price, allowing you to make and receive calls on all four international frequencies.  If you combine this with a no-roaming charges plan in the USA, then whenever your phone can see any tower, you can place a call.  In Europe, you can buy pre-paid sim cards without worrying whether they have towers supporting a USA bandwidth.  Saves a ton of money and aggravation versus trying to use your USA phone and USA "International" calling plan.CONS:- Does not use the phone book name lookup from the Motorola Mx200 which lets you press the letters of the name only once per key instead of using T9.  On this phone, one keypress jumps to the first name starting with the 1st letter on the key, 2nd press of the key jumps to names starting with 2nd letter on the key, and so on.- Realtime bluetooth phone sync requires separate software purchase.  (Or not, since you can download the software from various European Motorola sites.)- If you buy a custom metal case, check fit-and-finish at a retail mobile store near you.  One batch had a 0.5 millimeter gap on the left edge between the case and the phone.PROS:- Price has dropped from the $400 intro cost earlier this year.- The color screen is bright and clear under any conditions.- Battery life is phenomenal.  If you "condition" the new phone by running the battery down fully the first two times before recharging it at all, you will have up to a full week standby if you are in a reasonable digital coverage area.  Even in marginal coverage, standby is several days.  Talk time is several hours, even on speaker.- Reception is better in low signal areas than any other phone I've used.  Generally, flip phones are a compromise between style and performance. A Nokia brick will place and receive calls where flips show no signal.  This phone seems to outperform even the Nokias.  This may be thanks to the 4 bands; when other phones have tried the two carriers they can reach, this phone can still try two more.- Quad band phones are the best choice to combine with a "no-roaming-fees-anywhere-in-continental-USA" plan.- Swappable metal case, in default satin aluminum, midnight blue, or burgundy.  These are easy to swap, and make the phone seem less of an appliance while remaining suitable for the board room.- Phone book stores all contact points for a name under the same entry, and a simple left-right on the joy-pad selects the default contact point for that name.  This means less scrolling in the phone book.  Works better with Outlook's multiple numbers per contact than other phones I've used.- Settings profiles with customizable everything.  For folks who may be occasionally on call, there is an amazingly loud Nextel style warble tone you *will* notice even in the pit at a NASCAR race.  If for some reason you ignore the tone, it can follow with a reminder every couple minutes till you press a key.- In a surprising change for Motorola, this phone (and its siblings in the same vX00 line) is packed with "joy" features such as a multi-colored (customizable) indicator light that can be set to a subtle glow or pulse in a range of colors, so even in silent mode, you can tell from acros the room if it's a business call or a personal call.I've been using this phone since the week it was launched.  By way of comparison, I also own a Siemens (tri-band, dual mode, supports *analog* towers not just digital, important in rural USA 2 years ago), a Samsung (triband competitor to this phone with a flash for the camera), a Nokia (latest with the flipout keyboard), a Blackberry, and a Danger Hiptop aka Sidekick.If limited to one device, I prefer the Sidekick if it will be my only email access for an extended (5+ days) trip in the USA.  I prefer this v600 for everything else.

I tried to cancel my T-mobile service a month ago but I was told I need to pay $200 dollars unless I find someone to take over my resposibility. I was suggested to suspend my account so that I didn't need to pay the monthly charge until I find someone to take over my phone. I do and find someone to take over my responsibility. Now they charged me $50 for last month during suspension that I never used my service. I talk to the superior and they said that either you pay $50 now or do the cancellation and pay $200. Why different people in T-mobile tell you differnet story. Don't trust this company. They steal every penny from your pocket!!

I got my v600 over a month ago. I use it with my T-mobile service in Hungary. At first I was somewhat disappointed with my phone because I could not get some of the internet functions to work. However, after some discussion with T-mobile customer service and a visit to the T-mobile office, I discovered that T-mobile had not properly prepared my phone...not Motorola's fault!My V600's performance has been outstanding. Extremely long standby and talk times. The bluetooth connection works very well. I use mine with a Jabra BT250.This is my third generation Motorola. After years of Nokia phones, I received a Motorola Timeport as a gift (terrible phone with lousy menus). The next year I won a v66 in a raffle. I was pleasantly surprised with the v66, especially it small size. Motorla had significantly improved the menu from the Timeport, but it still wasn't the best. The V600's menu has improved on the V66.The V600's color screen is wonderfully clear and the pre-loaded ringtones are very nice. I don't really use the camera feature, but the few times that I fooled around with it found that it took decent pictures. Finally, I was concerned about the V600's size until I actually had it in my hand. While it is a little bit bigger than the V66, it is not much bulkier. I still wear it around my neck.Overall, I can highly recommend the V600 for its numerous features and nice styling.

It's bluetooth function works pretty well for me. No additional software is needed to transfer pictures, ring tones with a Windows XP Pro. Worked with my logitech BT headset like a charm. Picture quality and the battery life are average.The biggest problem is the phone freezes from time to time. The first one I got freezed at least onece a day. Then I replaced it. the second one is better, but still freezes about once every week. Hope a new firmware can fix it.

I don't know what all the fuss is about in earlier reviews. This phone is one of the best phones out there. I just got this phone from T-Mobile with the one year agreement. I had Sprint for one year before this and their service is ok. I really like the Sanyo 8100 that I had with sprint though. That phone was hardcore, I dropped it in saltwater twice while fishing and it still works perfectly. Anyways this phone has all the features of my old phone and much more. First off the LCD is very sharp and the design of the phone would appeal to most people. All the calls I have are crystal clear and YES I have made calls over 20 minutes long. So far I have not had any dropped calls and the phone had never froze up on me. I live in the Boston area, so I guess I'm suppose to have great reception. I haven't play around with most of the features yet, because I use my phone to make calls, and not as a PDA. I did use the calendar feature though to put down some important dates and is was very easy to setup. So far the phone and the service has been superb for me. Hopefully this phone will have the same endurance as my old Sanyo 8100.

B Shah - please refer to your manual - many of your complaints are because you do not know how to use all of your phone's capabilities.The phone is excellent!!!  I have no plans on ever owning another non-bluetooth phone again.  The wireless earbud makes life very easy.  You can set ringers for different people in your address book. (MP3 ringers!!!)  Picture-messaging is simple!!!  If you go to a T-Mobile store, you can walk out with your V600 right then and you have 14 days to return or cancel service - if you buy from Amazon, that time is spent in back-order.  You will get billed for time that you did not have your cell phone.  And if you are doing a port request, be prepared to be without your phone and it's number for as long as it takes for you to get your phone.Ever hear the phrase - If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is???

I've had cellular phones since they first came out in a BAG with a full-size handset.  This is the worsed performer of all I've ever owned.  Motorola has sent two V600 replacements (thanks to my service plan)and the same problem of dropped calls or no antenna persists.In any given location, the antenna strength drops to nothing or calls just drop off.  A 'trick' I've figured out to get antenna signal back is to call my Service Provider's number and allow it to fail...this fills up the antenna strength!  Go Figure!Some features of the phone are pretty cool, such as the outside color lights, the clarity of the inside screen, or the camera features; but all-in-all the main use of the phone needs antenna signals to work.  It's frustrating especially when you are on a business call or talking to someone you simply do NOT want to hang up on!I'll sum it up by quoting my Service Provider's comments, when he said, "I get so many problem calls with the V600, that we should be answering the phone saying, 'V600 Service Help Line'."

My overall experience with this phone is good.  It support mp3, mp4, mid as ringtone formats.  It also supports animations and videos, many graphic formats.  So, you can have fun with it.  However, the T-Mobile network is poor.  Very often, there is no voice or data network.  I often need to go outdoor to talk or to get my download.  I also bought T-Zone service.  But, T-Mobile customer service is friendly.Taking into account that their rate is low, especially their T-Zone "all you can eat" plan for $5.  I download cool stuff free from this site:[...]I can get all my mails, ringtones and wallpapers with $5/month.  Not bad at all.

To get the ringer right so that you can always hear it is a hassle. Sometimes it does not even ring. It might have something to do with the reception.  It feels little flimsy too, I feel like I have to take good care of it so it won't break. It is okay nevertheless.

This phone is a good size, and attractive. I want to like it. And, I do. BUT, it allows only one number per entry in the phonebook so if your friends/contacts have three numbers (home, work, cell) you'll be scrolling through a lot of entries to find the one that you want. There is a way to search faster, but it is still a bit cumbersome if you're driving. This is a drawback.The software is also slow, for instance, it sometimes takes about a second after you press a number for the tone to sound. This is super-confusing if your ear is hearing a diffferent button tone than your finger is currently pushing. It's like the delay between seeing a firecracker in the distance, and hearing it a few seconds later. Major bummer but it only happens when entering the first number.I do like the calendar function, and the camera is cool. The ringer id function is good, too (different rings for different groups). Event and ringer lights I can do without. The V600 occasionally fails to ring and this can be quite irritating (is it phone or service provider, I can't  say).The bluetooth function is a hit. The ear piece that comes with the V600 is quite good. The optional Jabra headset works well, too (for $75). It is a quad-band phone so it should work overseas, but it may come out of ther box locked to one service provider. If so, I have seen a website advertising that you can get it unlocked over the internet for about $25 or mail it in (but I have not personally tried this yet).The internet connectivity is a nice feature. But, if you get AT&T; service as I did, the m-mode is not worth the cost unless you want to shop for rap ring tones, bikini pictures, etc. In other words, it's just a big sales blitz.All told, I do like this phone but there is room for improvement.

The phone is alright. Im upgrading from a Motorola V878 to a Motorola V600.Cons:Tends to lag a bit when memory is loaded.Slightly larger compared to others.Noticably heavier.Some echos ( none from my v878 )Bluetooth drains battery fastNavigation takes some time to get used toMiss the colour external screen (v878 external screen is colour and can support pics)Pros:Bluetooth rocksLuv having speakerphone back ( but with bluetooth, theres no need for speaker)Mp3 feature ( no more midi/mmf..)Color is deff better than (v878)Actually saves all your wap sitesGood size memoryPics are decentQuad bandAll in all I'd rate this phone a 3.8/5 .I had high expectations for this phone.Some what dissappointing from motorola.Motorola deff needs to fix the lag.The echo can get bad sometimes.Thank god they took out the profile section.It was a waste of space.Its all adjustible from the side buttons on the outside.The ring lights on phone are a nice option when phone is on silent ( no vibration ).Triband is fine for me, but quad band is a nice option.They deff need a lighter battery or something to make it lighter.I do however hate the BIG TMobile sign on the inside bottom of phone, by the numbers.The phone can deff be 1/2 inch shorter without it.

I recently got a V600 phone as an upgrade of my V300 phone, both of which I use on the T-Mobile network. I am really delighted.The main problem I had with the V300 was limited earpiece volume which made it hard to hear a call in a noisy enviroment. The V600 is much better in that department. Given the extremely long battery life in use and on standby, the clear menu, the unbelievable reception, the briliant color screen, and Bluetooth, the V600 is a terrific phone.I have been a Motorola man ever since I first got a mobile phone 10 years ago and on 4 carriers (Verizon, Nextel, T-Mobile, and, for a week, Cingular) and I can tell you that this series (300,400,600) is the best yet. However, the carrier is key: I tried a V600 on Cingular and it did not work anywhere near as well as it did on T-Mobile. If the network is mediocre, at best, like Cingular and AT&T;, even the best phone does not perform as well as it can on a good one like T-Mobile. Obviously, I am a T-Mobile fan for a number of reasons and the V600 is the best way to take advantage of what that network has to offer. I know that T-Mobile is still limited geographically in the US to major cities, but it is expanding and, importantly, can be used all over the world.

I've had this phone for over a year. I purchased it off of Ebay and initially I was satisfied with it. For the most part, it does what it's supposed to do. However, before you consider buying it, you might want to know a few things.Pros:*Sleek design.*Loud ringtones and you can customize your own tones with the built-in MotoMixer.*Good vibrate function.*Camera takes pretty good pics - has a zoom lens (I think this is the one of the best features of this model) and you can easily send pics to your PC by email. This I really liked.*Speakerphone. For me this really comes in handy.*Good sized viewing screen. Definite plus.*Bluetooth included.*Battery life decent. I've gone a couple of days without recharging.Now the cons:*Dropped and intercepted calls. Either I lose the call altogether, or some unknown person breaks into my conversation, thinking that they are still talking to the same person they were conversating with before they got entangled up in your line - and the only way to get rid of them is hanging up. This could be a T-Mobile satellite problem more than anything, though - I've had several different phones while on T-Mobile and the same thing happened.*Headpiece volume not loud enough. I can't count how many times I've had to say "Huh?" to the caller on the other end, no matter how loud I turned the volume up.*Screen has the tendency to freeze up from time to time. Remove the battery for a few seconds, pop it back in and you're back in business, but who wants to make a practice of that?*Changes the type of alert you desire on its own (Several times it switched to silent by itself and I didn't know I had a phone call). ANNOYING!*Treats each phone number for a single person as a separate entry. This is a pain when you are trying to locate a number but have to scroll through three or four entries for the same person in order to find the number you want.*If you get a call and view who it's coming from but DON'T feel like calling them back right away, this phone will continue to call you (your OWN number will show up in the display) until you return the phone call to the person who called you. VERY ANNOYING!!*Has a video function where you can supposedly view and download videos, but the only thing you can access is an ad for the V600. When you go to the T-Zones site to see videos, all it says is "Coming Soon". How soon?? I've had my phone for over a year and there has been no videos yet, just the same tired V600 commercial.*Attaching an ear piece on this phone is taking a risk. You have the ability to close the phone while you are talking, but if the plug comes out (and it does very easily), bye-bye phone call. It's happened to me more times than I can count. Needless to say I don't use the earpiece anymore. I thought of getting the Bluetooth wireless earpiece, but since I'm considering taking this phone off my hands and upgrading to another model, I think I'll hold off on that for a while.Overal rating: 3.5. Like I said, Motorola's V600's not bad, but not perfect either. So just keep that in mind if you decide to purchase it.

Overall, I really like the phone but I have to say that I have experienced the issues the many of the reviewers have also.PRO'sNice screenGood call qualityGood camera (compared to pthers in the market)Nice look and finishGood featuresComes with great useable ringtonesCON'sSpeaker is low quality (I tried other V600's and experienced the same)Sometimes there is a lag when the buttons are pressedIt does not come with a belt holster (1st Moto phone without one)You have to position the phone on your ear in a certain precise place, otherwise you will hear nothing.Overall I like it a lot and cannot find a similar phone on the market so I am keeping mine

I bought this phone unlocked for $275 new from ebay. I did this so I would NOT have to sign a contract with anyone plus since it's a global phone it makes more sense that way. You can't hear the other person w/out a headset, talk about a HUGE setback. It's bluetooth does not work well with mac computers and the picture quality sucks big time. I'm really sorry I bought this piece of good looking junk. I now have the V330 and That is the best phone ever!  And it's completely compatible with mac computers even though Motorola says it isn't. In fact Motorola itself is not a good source to get any information on their products. Does anyone know why this is????

I am on my third replacement v600 from T-Mobile and have now given up on it. Dropped calls galore. Bluetooth operation is intermittent. It constantly flags every call that I answer as a "missed call." Wallpapers from camera images are stuck at a "zoom 75%" size.Every one of the 3 phones had the dropped calls plus some combination of the other problems. I will say it's ruggedly built, but what good is that if the software is buggy?

I purchased the Motorola V600 3 weeks ago and is not worth $20.  Issues:1. The "7" and sometimes the "6" key.  I would have to depress those keys multiple times before it would register.2. The phone would freeze when I was disconnecting from a call.  The phone would not hang up and would have to depress the off button for 3-5 minutes before shutting down.3. The volume control is poor.  On the highest setting the volume is still low compared to other phones.I just purchased the Motorola V505 and seems to work better however, when I receive an incoming call and answer the call, when I hang up from that call - I get the message missed call so all calls I answer after I hang up are coming up missed call.

I got this phone coz there aren't really any GREAT phones with tmobile anyways. Got it a month back and I'll say I am satisfied with it. The voice and signal strengths are good and I haven't experienced any dropped calls. The Menu is a bit cumbersome but then I was used to the simple nokia interface. This phone has the best ringtones I have heard in a phone and the situational lights on the front look cool, so it has all the bling bling you'll need. Also it is highly customisable and you can spend hours just exploring all it's features. The camera is ok and the video player seems like a good thing to have. However, the phone book stores only one number per person and the recent/missed calls list stores only the last one call for a person, not all or even 5. It's a lil on the heavy side but is not big like the Nokia 6600 or Samsung D415. Overall it's an average phone but works good as far as talking on it is concerned and if you can get used to the menu, you can have some fun with it too. I am keeping mine.

There is nothing great about the Motorola V600. It's pretty much a typical cell phone with some features that are supposed to make your life easier. I've had this phone for over a month now and here's what I've discovered I hate about it.  My biggest gripe with the V600 is the side buttons. When the phone is closed, the side buttons are still active, and they change the ring style. Since I carry it in my pocket, I've had plenty of instances with the ringer being turned off, to vibrate, or to loud accidentally. This is a huge usability flaw in my opinion. Normally the side buttons are inactive when a flip phone is closed. Not the case here.Another problem area is the phone book. I can't believe they make new cell phones that can't store multiple numbers with a single name. I have one person in my phone 5 times (home1, home2, work, cell, and pager). This is really annoying when trying to find names. Furthermore, when storing to the SIM card, you can't store additional information like Category, Voice, and Picture. You can only use these features when storing to the phone, which defeats the whole idea of a SIM card in that if you change phones, you need to reprogram all the numbers again.One aspect of the phone I did end up liking was the design aesthetics. It's a pretty cool looking phone and the external display glows blue. It also has three rings around the Motorola logo that glow when the phone alerts you to a call. However, the choice of material here is questionable. The back batter cover is a stamped metal piece that is extremely slick. I've literally dropped this phone when my hands had a little moisture on them (remember I live in Arizona). So I like what it looks like, but not what it's made out of.Other features that this phone has are a calendar, web access, Bluetooth integration, calculator, voice recording, camera, video viewing capability, and instant messaging. These features all work fine, but once again, there's nothing special about them. It seems that Motorola designers spent most of their time and energy in creating a phone that has completely customizable menus. You can rearrange menu items and configure hot keys to do pretty much anything. The first thing I did was set my configuration to my liking, but have not changed them since, so all the time and effort spent developing the interface was pretty much useless for me after the first hour.The reason I chose, and plan on keeping, this phone is because my brother works for Motorola and it was the highest-end phone that he could get for free. Guess I got what I paid for. I use my V600 on a T-Mobile account. So to recap, if you have other choices when it comes to choosing a phone, it might be a better idea to get the other phone. There's nothing great about the V600, but if you just want a phone to make and receive calls, it works just fine. Sound quality, included accessories, ring tones, and battery life are all up to par.

this phone has some very nice features, but they still are some of the most standard features w/the top of the line cell phones today. (bluetooth, camera, color, viseo, and mp3...) i used this phone not too long ago, and already had it sold to a friend.the design of this phone is what disapointed me. to me, it seems like moto just add some new features to an old phone (the phone looks not much different from  the phones 3 years ago, or any other phones from other brands). that's why i might just pick a korean brand.well, i guess there are moto lovers who still just like this old design. but i am always looking for something more creative and cutting-edge. especially if i am going to spend money on it.

I am currently on my replacement V600 which is now acting up.  The first attempt at this and the V600 stopped taking a charge. Sent it back and got a new one. The new V600 is now randomly shutting off, loosing connections, and not recognizing my SIM.  T-Mobile is doing what they can to help me as I love T-mobile, but hate the V600. Luckily the V600 is still under warranty so a return is in it's future, and another phone will come to live with me.The pictures I took with it turned out fine, I loved the BlueTooth connections, and when I could use the phone there were no connection problems.  The hardware is the problem and I can't or won't waste more time on this.

the looks were great and it was from Motorola.....so i went and purchased it. but the main problem is that it drops calls after every 12 mins.everything else is fine with the phone.

My last phone was a Nokia 3650.  Overall, I like the V600 better, but I did like the 3650's phone book, date book, text messaging, and reception better.  The 3650's phone book was better for organizing and searching for entries.  It's datebook was better for entering appointments and meetings.  It's text messaging would send the message in fewer steps.  Lastly, the 3650 seemed to have better reception, and I liked the that it had a removable memory card.The V600 on the other hand is much smaller, and the keypad is much easier to operate without looking.  Also, the V600 has much better speakers, especially the external speaker that's used for the ringer and speakerphone.  It's ringtones and sound effects are much better.  It's camera is a leaps and bounds improvement.  It has much more extensive shortcut capabilities, and lastly it has much better battery life.Read on for more detailed descriptions of these differences:I don't like the V600's phone book, because every phone number for a given person is listed as a separate entry.  Also, you can only search through your entries by the first letter of a of the entry, then you must scroll through every entry that begins with that letter.  Therefore, if you have several entries that begin with the same letter it can take a while.  With the 3650 I could continue entering letters until I got a match.Also, I don't like that the V600 does not distinguish between first and last name, and it will only search by the first letter of the entry.  Therefore, you must remember if you created the entry using first and last name or last then first name.  The 3650 would search for all possible matches.The V600 also does not work as well as an appointment book, because you can't set an appointment by beginning and ending times.  You can only enter an appointment by beginning time and length of time, but length of time can only be entered in whole hours.I like the 3650's text messaging better, because it took fewer steps to begin and fewer steps to send.  With the V600 you have to scroll through more options before you get to the option to send a message, and there are three confirmation steps to go through before it will send the message.  With the 3650 I could just hit the send key and be done.Overall, I feel that the V600 is a better made phone, I just don't feel that the features listed above are as user friendly.

I've had this phone for about a little over two months now, and I absolutely love this phone. My reception is pretty good; I get signal in my kitchen [I could never get signal there w/AT&T, although I did have great signal everywhere else.] The sound quality is good, and the speakerphone is loud and clear, the camera takes okay-quality pics -- I'd rate the camera 4 out of 5. I'd give it a 5 IF it had a flash function. The phone itself it beautiful and sleek. I really enjoy the event lights, they're cute. The one thing I don't get is how people constantly complain that you have to make a separate entry for every person and their multiple numbers. You don't -- obviously some people don't bother reading the manual. -__-"" Being a longtime Nokia user, it did take some time to get used to the reversed call/end buttons. There's a lot of personalizations on the V600 also: the left and right soft keys, the smart key, the 4-way navigational key, color themes. A downside though, is that the games included in this phone kinda suck: one game and two demos. For the price of this phone, Moto should have given us all 3 full games. But that's not too big of a deal. If you're used to T9 texting, iTap takes a little getting used to. Overall a very nice phone.

This cell phone works great and a has great features that work the way you would expect.  When I decided to upgrade from my Nokia 3560 (which was the best phone I ever had - always strong sound qualtiy and great battery life - which are the two most important qualities for me)I went with the NEC 525.  I was generally happey with that phone, but the signal strength was weak.  I decided to try another phone, because signal strength is sometimes dependent on the phone.  Even though it was more money yet, I went with the V600.  It does indeed get a much better signal.  The battery life is fairly good - not quite as good as my Nokia, but I didn't have a camera and mMode on it so there wasn't as much of a draw.  The speaker phone is very good and handy.  The camera quality is the best I have seen on a phone.  I haven't yet got a wireless earpeice, but look forward to putting the bluetooth applications throught he paces.

Summary -The phone does everything I expect of a phone.  Coverage in my area is excellent and T-mobile has installed a Cell in our office complex giving 100% inside and outside coverage at workplace.  Camera is nice add-on and speakerphone works but may not provide sufficient volume for a noisy car environment.Since I already have a Notebook Computer, PDA, Video Camera and digital camera I was really interested in a phone that functions well as a phone and service that allows the phone to function in my home, office and area plus free roaming capabilities.After many years of TDMA service with a competitor I finally decided it was time to update to GSM.  My carrier only offered the basic handset selection free to continuing customers.  Even though I was out of contract and would have gone with a new contract if they provided the phone of my choice (equivelant to the v600) - NO GO - They lost a customer.Coverage -Good coverage in all major cities and transit routes.  For my area, even though my home is shown on t-mobile's coverage map as merely "good", good equates to "excellent".  I've found no change in quality with between full signal and 2-bars or 50% signal (Their coverage map actually allows you to check to street and address coverage - outstanding feature) Reception is excellent!The Phone -The Telephone offers Bluetooth (not sure I'll use it much though I did test it and it works), a digital VGA 640 X 480 camera which works just fine and a myriad of audio, video and gaming "eye candy".  I generally think of a phone as a phone and this one is excellent as such.  The fact that it provides a usable camera is a nice touch I'll use and I do use the speakerphone but the remainder of the features (AOL, text messaging, etc) are excess baggage for me.The audio quality of the phone itself is outstanding as well as the sensitivity.  The menus are a reasonably intuitive though a little complex in order to support the extra features.For those wanting to use the camera for downloading photos to a computer, there is an optional USB cable and software kit available from Motorola and various aftermarket vendors.  Download can also be done via bluetooth if your computer has bluetooth.Battery life may be an issue if you are heavily using the camera or doing ringtone concerts - but in normal phone use expect 3-4 hours of talk time and/or 3-5 days of standby time depending on your usage. For this class of phone, it's very good.Pro's:  Phone: Good Sensitivity, good price (free after rebates), camera, speakerphone, Good voice qualityPlan:  Good cost, free nationwide roaming, best in price for a nationwide shared plan.Cons: Phone: Speakerphone audio may not be sufficient for a noisy car environment, busy setup menu.Plan: Coverage may be spotty in remote or rural areas (but aren't they all?)The Service -The provider (T-mobile) has provided knowledgable and professional assistance through the purchase and start-up phase. This explains the excellent rating given by consumer reports.  The coverage area for GSM appears to be similar to that provided by most other GSM services as most providers share service or site locations for a number of locations.  As a company in #2 position they appear to be "trying harder" which is a plus for the customer.Be sure to check the coverage in your intended use area.  Reasonable return policy if it doesn't work for you.

Have had it about a month. Everything works as advertised excepting(a) even at max volume, I have difficulty hearing the other person. (With other phones, the max vol is way too high  -- so I am not hard of hearing :) )(b) very slow interface

I got this as a Christmas present and it was amazing out of the box, but as the months have passed, it has developed annoying personality quirks that make it unreliable. The operating system locks up frequently, forcing me to remove the battery and turn the phone back on. The outside display breaks up and has to be restored by turning the phone off then on. The Bluetooth connection to my wireless headset will mysteriously drop out. The button response is often slow. And the voice recognition for voice dialing isn't very good (I never use it).I have to say the camera is actually its best feature, taking very decent photos and the zoom works pretty well. All-in-all if it were stripped down and made more reliable, it would be an excellent phone.

For under $100 Def worth it!!!Pros:1.Sleek sharp looks2.A+ Best internal screen on any phone I have seen3.Bluetooth4.Speakerphone5.Loud ringers6.Solid construction "real metal shell"7.Cool event lights on front8.Cool PC interface allows transfer ringtones and pictures or wallpapers send SMS messages "too bad you have to buy it"9.T-Mobile in Phoenix metro area works great!!!Cons:1.Camera resolution about the same as a Nokia 3650 "expected" 640x4802.Slow interface3.Reception is not as good as a GSM Nokia but not as bad as a SonyEricsson thats for sure4.Phone book has a different entry for each number and email address "annoying"5.Could use a little more storage "has 5MB"6.External screen is not color

Cingular phone.Volume gets less as time goes on.Boatloads of dropped calls.I use around 3000 min per month for business.We have 5guys using these & they all suck.I cannot recommend this phone.

i have been researching cell phones these past few weeks and finally spoke to a customer represenative this afternoon who told me that the MOTOROLA V600 and V300 will no longer be sold because they were having so many problems with them. buyer BEWARE! hope this helps.

I've had this phone for six months now, and have been very pleased with all aspects of it.  It has a nice solid feel to it, the keys are easy to dial one-handed, and sound clarity is excellent, including the speakerphone mode.  The screen is extremely sharp when contrast is reduced to the darkest setting.  There is a nice assortment of wallpaper, ringtones, and color desktop settings.  The pulsing light display on the exterior is a nice addition to have when the ringer is set on mute.The menus take a little time to get used to, but its a much more advanced phone than my previous (Samsung a460), so that's to be expected.  I've only tried out the camera a few times, and it seems more than adequate.Battery life seems to be very long; phone is always on, and I only need to charge 1-2 times per week.  Charging only takes 3 hours with included travel wall charger.It also works flawlessly with the Motorola HS820 Bluetooth headset.  I am using this phone in the Seattle area with T-Mobile as provider, but have traveled with it and have gotten 3bar+ reception virtually everywhere, even deep inside of airports.  I could never do that with my Sprint phone.The only hiccups have been having to "reboot" the phone occasionally (4 or 5 times so far) by removing and reinserting the battery.  Usually the screen freezes, and one time I got a message saying that bluetooth was not installed.  It's a minor inconvenience to remove and reinsert the battery (takes a few seconds).  Considering that I have to reboot my PC at least one a month when it gets locked up, I'm not considering it an issue.  All settings and memory are retained, so no harm comes of it.The Feb 2005 issue of Consumer Reports gave the v600 an above average rating, so that's another plus on its side.  If you don't mind a slightly larger, heavier, flip-style phone, take a look at the v600.

I have htis phone and it replaced a Samsung model that I had with Sprint.  I am signed up now with Cingular.  Why did I buy this phone?  The features.Main comments/issuesBluetooth rocks, the volume is terrible (use speakerphone or a headset), phone is not as robust as most so consider an insurance plan or belt clip/case.  I cracked the front of mine after a week.  It was covered by AMEX but Cingular are not too helpful in this matter.  The customer service for Cingular is the same as other companies I have tried, Sprint and Verizon.  They are fantastic until you sign up and then they forget you.There are more features on this phoen that I want to use, like teh email option but I can only call CS once a month or else I boil over.

i just got this phone yesterday and its awesome...the camera can zoom in up to 4x. and its pretty clear. and i can also play mp3 ringtones because it's a speakerphone. a lot of people are saying that the service isnt good or whatever but really...it depends on where you live..i get excellent service in my area..i didnt have ANY dropped calls or anything .

The phone is basically OK.  The battery life seems better than my previous phone, and apparently with these lithium ion batteries don't have memories so they're less hassle to keep charged.  However I found a few things annoying about the phone:1) the connector on the bottom, onto which you connect the charger or a data cable, is weak.  Sometimes you connect the charger or the data cable but it doesn't quite connect all the way, and a connection can't be made.  So you think you're charging it, but you're really not.2) Despite being a flip phone, there are several buttons on the outside that are activated even when the flip is closed.  As a result, the buttons can get activated while the phone is jostling around in your pocket.  This is exactly the situation I was trying to avoid by getting a flip phone.  It would be better if the external buttons could be disabled while the flip is closed.3) The lens for the built-in camera is close to the hinge of the flip.  That's also where the button to take a picture is, and it's exactly where your fingers will be unless you have very tiny hands.  As a result your fingers keep getting into frame.  It's tricky to hold the phone with your fingers far enough away from the lens, but also close to the trigger to take a picture.4) When the battery gets low enough, it gets so weak that you can't even recharge it when the phone is on.  Unless you turn off the phone, all the external power goes to powering the phone, apparently, so the battery will never get charged.  You have to turn off the phone for a few hours during the recharge.  You can avoid this by recharging when the battery is only a little bit depleted.Other than that the phone seems to function well enough.

This phone has several problems including: 1. will not download properly 2. will not give indication of voice mail recieved 3. recieves random text messages that no one knows where they are coming from, including t-mobile and motorola. These messages are usually an @ symbol or an antenna symbol with no return number. very annoying!I have called t-mobile and motorola technical support. Motorola tech. support is EXTREMELY pathetic. The techs. are cluless and put you on hold for hours on end.I finally had to mail the phone in because I couldnt take it anymore. I got all the information from motorola website(dont even think about trying to get someone on the phone) to send the phone to their factory service in Texas. These people are pathetic as well. Thier service is poor, they dont let you know when they recieved your phone like they are supposed to, and to top it all off, they sent the phone back saying it was "damaged beyond repair" and wasnt under warrenty because it had "water damage" and "the seal was broken" implying that the user had tampered with the phone and took it apart.None of this was true. The phone was in perfect conditon, not once even dropped or gotten wet.I disputed these claims by writing a letter to motorola customer service, as they suggest you do, and have never recieved a reply!After all this, and deciding maybe I just got a bad phone that was damaged in the warehouse or something, I ordered the exact same phone online from another vendor. This is not a cheap phone, but I figured I could use my non functioning phone for spare parts, extra battery, etc..and buying the same model would have those advantages.Guess what? The new one had the EXACT SAME PROBLEMS! I sent it back for a refund minus a 15% restocking fee.I now have $285 dollars invested in a phone that is a piece of crap.I had to resort to putting my old samsung model back into service, which still works perfectly after 2 years of being dropped and abused.DO NOT EVER BUY A MOTOROLA PRODUCT!! Even if you get a good phone, if you ever need service or support, they are liars and will screw you over. Dont get screwed like I did.Also, this phone is not metal, as some ignorant people claim in thier reviews. It is plastic with a cheap aluminum cover that slides on, covering 85% of the plastic, but it is indeed a plastic phone.This phone also had a few additional problems, but to keep this review shorter, I wont go into them. I think I made my point with what I included.

I've been using GSM phones for about 15 years in Europe.I moved to the US last year and not knowing anything about US service providers, I decided to go for AT&T...; what a disastre (great national coverage - worst customer service I've ever dealt with - terrible international coverage). So I decided to change and tried T-Mobile (just felt right - perfect so far)and got the V600 mainly for its multi-band capabilities through Amazon. It's by far the best phone I've ever had. Easy to use, perfect camera for phone to phone or e-mail use. Great battery life. Perfect national coverage aswell as in Asia and all over Europe (speak for T-Mobile and the phone). I bought a protective cover as the phone surface scratches easily.The perfect phone for people who travel all over the place.

This phone looks better on the screen than in hands. I am having tons of difficult with this phone working on Cingular network - in midtown Manhattan apartment building on 50th floor or in Chicago suburbs this phone loses signal and has bad reception. Obviously Motorola had a bad designer for this phone - it is impossible to turn off ringer without making a sound, hard to believe but true. It is also too bulky and heavy compared to new phones. Stay away from this phone.

The phone works well.  Occasional tinny voice on the other end of the line and had an occasional white screen probably in the first week or two of ownership.  Great battery-life and reception and options.  I sent in the rebate form from Amazon ten weeks ago, and it seems to have disappeared.  Don't depend on getting your rebate check.

I have had this phone for 2 months now, and had to change it once already. It has MAJOR software issues, it freezes constantly, takes about 3 days (always on) to update date and time. Bluetooth works sporadically. If you bought one, sorry. If you haven't, buy something else (even the V300 is a lot better than this).

Awesome phone, service in my area is good. All features work well. Bluetooth association with HS820 headset was a snap after reseting the headset. Very clear phone calls. Should have come with a belt clip, a car charger would have been nice as well. [...] Takes the sting out of a 200.00 early termination fee levied by Nextel

I would recommend against buying this phone. It's not worth changing your service to T-Mobile with a horrible phone like this one just to get a great rebate. I purchased the V600 from Amazon in Nov last year, and had nothing but trouble with it. My main complaints were that the reception was very poor, and I was experiencing a large number of dropped calls.  I realize that the T-Mobile service may not be the best in Los Angeles, but I have quite a few friends (using different phones) who have no complaints about the service - which leads me to believe this phone is to blame.If you are an extremely patient person who doesn't mind bad reception and constantly having to call the person whom you're talking to five times in order to complete your conversation, I guess this is a good phone for the money.  It's pretty compact (although heavy), has a decent camera, the buttons are okay, and the clamshell design is nice.  I tested the speakerphone quite a bit, and it worked very well.Bottom line: If you value reception quality, stay away from this phone!  If not, then it's a pretty good deal.

I bought V600 last year in June, as soon as it came out thru Cingular Wireless.Phone kept losing connection with service.  Every 10 minutes or so, if I am talking to someone, it would drop the connection.  Even though I have full 4 bars on my connections.I returned it. Cingular does have great service, it sent me another phone, same model.This phone kept freezing up.  So I sent that one back after a week.Cingular sends me another V600.  This one has problem with the bluetooth module, and did a automatic reboot of itself.Finally, I gave up and so did Cingular.  They told me that Motorola has had lots of problems with this phone.  So Cingular sends me another phone, V551.Well, that was the end of line for me.  Even with this phone, which was supposed to have all the problems fixed of V600, it is slow to response, and loses connections to the service.  I know its not cingular problem, because it does show that i have 4 bars of connection.  Its just, it doesnt want to work.This was my first and Last Motorola phone. I WILL NEVER BUY Motorola crap again.

In June of '04, I purchased the V600 when switching from ATT to Cingular.  My old Nokia 6500 series worked just fine, and the service was satisfactory.  Since changing phones and service, the V600 was replaced, replaced again, recalled and replaced, and finally replaced for the fourth time with a Motorola 551.  (I will be reviewing that one also.)I cannot even count the ways that I hated the V600.  No electronic device, especially a phone, should cause someone to cuss out loud at least a half a dozen times each and every day.  I don't care if it can take a picture or walk the dog.  I want it to answer when the time comes to answer.  I want the ringer to work when and how I choose.  I expect it to start dialing when I start pressing the keypad.  The V600 didn't do any of these things consistently...and there were a whole host of other maddening quirks that drove me to the aforementioned cussing.Buyer beware.Oh, and I also purchased the Motorola HS810 bluetooth headset.  It now drops a call and needs re-charging after about 10 to 15 minutes.

was not sure at first, but, once I tried, I really liked it. I would like to recommend it to my friend as well

We've had three of these phones for about three months now. The connection and audio quality is the best of any cell phones we've used. I've called T-Mobile for a few things (including transferring our Sprint numbers when that contract ran out). They've been knowledgable, friendly and efficient every time. Never needed to call them back. The T-Mobile rebates came back in good time; don't know yet about the Amazon ones.The speaker phone is surprisingly good, in both directions. Battery life is very good (I charge mine every few days). The display is readable in most light conditions.The calendar is decent, and like the phone book works nicely with Apple iSync (through a USB cable, not through Bluetooth). Transferring pictures and ring tones via bluetooth works great.Of course it's not perfect. It feels bigger than it looks, and it looks pretty dated. The camera isn't good for much. The user interface is a bit slow, and not particularly smooth. (For example, look at the confusion caused by Motorola's approach to number groups: it works quite well, but it seems to confuse just about everybody. You delete an entry from the phone book by erasing the phone number.)I'd definitely buy these again.

T-Mobile replaced mine three times.  Now my year is up and the reception has gone out.  This has to be the worst phone ever.  I'm chucking it and never buying a Motorola product again.

The good news is that the phone works well and seems to get good reception in marginal areas (which includes my home). You can store up to 1000 phone numbers in the handset. I've got about 700 in my directory. Beware, if you're used to Audiovox or LG (or even Nokia) phone directories that Motorola's V600 is primitive and difficult to use, by comparison. There is NO alphabetic search. To retrieve a number, you may type only one alpha, which becomes the first letter of the title, and you scroll on endlessly from there. It is also very inconvenient that the phone lists are cluttered by duplicate entries, when you know someone who has several phones. Instead of presenting this a single screen for the person and listing each of the phones (home, cell, work, etc.), the V600 list the person's name as though it was a separate entry for each number. Of course, you get to scroll down through all the redundant names, as well, on your way to the number you need. After reading a comment that indicated Motorola's tech support is known to be a joke, I can confirm that this was also my experience. They were polite but untrained, unknowledgeable, and very...very painfully slow to attempt an answer to each (simple) question. Sorry folks, the V600 looks like a lovely piece of hardware, but the phone book got left over in the stone ages.

The V600 is the best phone I've ever owned - and I've had quite a few. As a basic phone it works great. It feels good in my hand, it's easy to type in numbers and the voice recognition is excellent. This is especially good with my NY accent. I'm really in love with the blue tooth ear piece that comes with it. The combination is great. People cannot tell I'm talking on an ear piece. You can call and hang up with just the earpiece and even use the voice recognition of the phone. All this while your phone is up to 30 feet away. I use t-mobile as my carrier and find this service provider and phone to give me great reception and sound quality. It's an all GSM phone so when there is no GSM there is no phone service. I thought it might be a problem when I bought it, but it just hasn't been a problem.

Phone is pretty nice overall..Pros:Light weight,good camera (On a side note: does anyone actually use it?)picks up good signal.Nice speaker phone.Good Bluetooth connection between Headset and computer.Cons:No search by typing the name.. So you gonna have to press the letter and scroll down to the desired name.. pretty DUMB MotorolaSlow interface.Speakerphone can not be enabled until a few seconds after starting the call.FREEZES?? the screen becomes white (need to call them for replacement)

Its a great phone but like most high tech phones it eats up the battery power a bit too much...
