
If they would have sent a charging cable with the phone they would have got  stars. the phone was useless until we got a charging cord.

The phone is great!  Great!  Plus, I did some research and was able to override some features so that I can create custom ringtones for free. Just google search the phone and visit the forums.Overall, I love this phone.

fast delivery .had some problem activating phone but all worked out. was sent wrong charger, I still had my old so it was ok.

I guess I should start off my saying that I've had to pair this phone to my old Imac, running OSX 10.3.9. On top of that, I've read (and witnessed) that the standard bluetooth file exchange has been removed as an option. That said, I've been able to find some other methods that will allow me to1 Pair the phone with my Mac2 set up my own ringers3 Sync (sort of) the phone's calander, with my gmail calander (iCal file)4 play my Mp3'sWith my set-up, and you'll have to do some internet searching to figure out how to do this, you'll likely need, at least, software for file transfers (free online, rhymes with witdim:), a MicroSD card ($), a card reader for you PC (very cheap), and if your computer isn't already bluetooth capable (as mine wasn't), a bluetooth dongle (do research to get the correct one). I did this all for about 70 bucks. The phone was free, so I guess it was worth it.Ok, so in the end, because I was able to do all this with some effort, I think it's a great phone. If you do nothing to upgrade it, I'd say that it is probably a decent phone, with garbage ringers. I would have to guess that Verizon did this so that you'll buy some through VCAST.I'd give it 5 stars if not for all the work I had to do to get the phone to work the way I want it to. So there you go. Be frustrated, then enjoy.

If you have read any of my other reviews with cell phones my history begins with a VoiceStream Nokia(throwback bar style phone), Nextel i1000 Plus, SprintPCS Samsung VGA 1000 and T-Mobile Sidekick II, VZW Samsung a330, VZW Motorola  v710, VZW Treo 700w,VZW Motorola Q, VZW Samsung A930, VZW LG 9800(the V), and now  VZW LG 8300. This phone embodies style with the gun metal coloring and it's thinner than its previous version the LG 8100. Coming from a mini typewriter and 1 Smartphone and 1 PDA and various other mid sized cell phones, I think this phone is awesome. I love that I can still access Wireless Sync with my email and calendar(Get It Now catalog) to the phone and also Backup Assistant or WS my contacts to my phone. Then leaning towards the entertainment side....I have a MicroSD card with 89 songs and then 125 pix and 10 videos that I can transfer and use from phone to phone without a glitch. On top of everything the phone is VZ Navigator capable which is a life saver for a person with limited directional skills. For those who think you need the Vcast Music Essentials kit to get music on the phone, this isn't necessarily true. All you need is a Memory card reader and a PC that has a USB port, a memory card and you're good to go. On top of everything, a feature on the phone that is beautiful and not really discussed much is that this phone supports Bluetooth stereo headphones. I have the Moto H20's and they work like a charm! Plus even if you don't download music, V Cast Music is a great add-on! Imagine being in Best Buy and you see a CD that's packaged great and looks like it could be good music, all you need to do is launch V Cast music, search for the title or artists' name and sample the music before you buy the CD. Although, V Cast purchased from the handset can be a bit pricy @ $1.99, the benefit is that you get 2 different versions. One for the phone and one for the PC! However, if the music catalog is downloaded on your PC and you just want to sync to the phone later, you can purchase music at only $.99 just as you would in any other music store(Rhapsody, iTunes, MSN Music). V Cast, when you think about it, is really a great feature to have because all you need is a Verizon account and you don't actually have to have a V Cast capable phone to purchase the music! Then on top of that beautiful feature, you have V Cast video where you can actually watch live perfomances of artists (of course live but pre-recorded) and download music videos and watch video clips of some of your fav shows RIGHT ON THE PHONE!!!!! You want a laugh? Comedy Central! You want to see Flava Flava? VH1! You want news? CBS! You love Lupe Fiasco? Download Kick, Push video! What phone or cellular company offers this type of entertainment at the push of a button and all at your fingertips? Nothing in life is free but when that new song, artist or CD comes out and you're friends are clamoring to get off work to hear it....You've downloaded the entire album within a couple minutes :) Sweet!

I was a little skeptical about reprogramming the phone to play MP3s but found out from another blog that this is no longer the case.  Within the last month or so, LG quit disabling the MP3 player function.  I purchased a microSD card and reader from Amazon and dragged music to the music folder without a problem and without using the V-cast music essentials kit.  Playback is just great.  If using a hands free headset, music pauses during the call and resumes when you are finished.

I love this phone because it feels like an old friend that I lost and I am comfortable with its use and functions. The price was right and I am not the type that needs a constant socalled upgrade.

Good basic phone but spends a lot of time to update settings when it is turned off and back on.  It is just a gliche with the phone, but it is a very sturdy phone....sometimes the speaker makes it hard to hear what people are saying.

I've had this phone for about 1 1/2 weeks and it's been great. I almost switched from Verizon because of dropped calls with my last two phones (most recently a Samsung SCH-A670), but so far I have had no problems at all with this one. I've really enjoyed playing around with the extra features (music, videos, wallpapers), especially with the help of Bitpim. The camera is excellent for a cellphone--much better than my old Samsung. My only complaints are that it's a little bigger than I would like (probably because of the built-in stereo speakers) and that there's no "vibrate and then ring" feature (but I was able to solve that by adding a few seconds of silence to my ringtone and then uploading it to the phone). Also, it took a little work to get the "Music Essentials Kit" to work, but thanks to some tips I found on the web it's fine now.

phone is what I wanted and expected the only thing I dont like is the battery goes dead fast but maybe that is because its an older type phone

I just purchased this phone about two weeks ago and LG has pruduced another great one!  This phone is small but easy for someone with big hands to work, has a good camera, great battery life, and great reception.  If you've had LGs in the past this one fits the bill.  I've had the 6100 and 8100 before and this one is just as good.  It also has a good speakerphone.  Highly recommend.  I was looking at the Razr or Krzr but when I talked with the Verizon traveling sales guys this is the phone they all use-along with their families so that must say something.

I have had this phone for a few days now and I love it. The only bad thing about this phone right now is the fact that there is a very limited choice of accessories. But this is not to big of a deal, I will just have to wait till LG and Verizon come out with the stuff I want for this thing.

Hmpfh ergg tyhhu jjas. At least, that what this review would sound like if you were listening to it on the VX8300. Me and my wife each bought the phone with Verizon's "New after 2" plan, and chose this one. It does have a good (not great) camera, the MP3 player plays MP3s, and the micro SD card is nice. My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it. We went back to the store, thinking it was defective. After trying 5 others, we realized it was not just hers. Mine was actually the exception - and even then, the sound was not great, more like "barely intelligible". We were upgrading from a Motorola V276, which sounded WAYYY better, no contest, just didn't have the bells and whistles. I regret getting this phone, and advise people who actually have to listen to phone calls, not play MP3s or text messages, to avoid it. There are way too many others that sound much better.

No charger included. Had to order another and wait to find that the phone is broke. I am over having to call and talk to some guy who has to send me a new phone which would have taken another week. Be in integrity and you will get a good review. Shouldn't have to spend energy, time, and money to get average service and a functional product.

This thing is just great.  Have had it for about two weeks now and am very impressed with it in just about every way.The sound quality is excellent for both parties.  The same holds for this phone when using speakerphone.  This is definitely a feat considering the electrical requirements of a loud, clear speakerphone.  It also allows for very good pickup so the person you're talking to won't even know they're on speakerphone.  This phone has two great speakers which boast a remarkable amount of sound (even in the low-frequency response range, surprisingly).  When you download or transfer MP3s, you may notice the sound actually comes in stereo (two-channel) output.  This makes the songs you play sound even better.The camera is also quite incredible.  Its ability to take 1.3 megapixel shots is uncanny.  Definitely better than my first digi-cam.  This is without a doubt the first and only phone camera I have seen that takes pictures actually worth saving and printing.  Even the RAZR's VGA resolution doesn't touch the 1280x960 resolution.  VGA is 640x480, which computes to a mere 0.31 megapixels.  This is exactly 4 times more pixels per shot!!  You can full-screen your shot on a computer and still retain full screen quality.Many other great features abound, including the MicroSD expansion slot.  I have a 1GB MicroSD card in the mail (do not confuse with MiniSD which is actually much bigger than the pinky nail-sized Micro card).  I will then be able to get several hundred songs on here for free, rather than paying $15/mo. for verizon's lame VCast service which only lets you download songs they specify.  Another irritating thing about verizon is that they limit this phone's bluetooth capabilities.  They do this so that users cannot share ringtones and pics for free in a peer-to-peer manner -- you must get it through the network, which requires the monthly fee.  However, this phone has more bluetooth profiles enabled than any other under verizon.  Play/pause, next, and previous buttons on front side allow you to choose music with the thing shut - VERY cool.  Also, cool flash UIs - this phone actually allows you to change display themes, not just colors.  This means entirely differently operating menus and the works.  Finally, the interface is very condusive to easy use.  It gives supreme functionality without making anything confusing or overwhelming.  In other words, if you are a power-user interested in implementing all of this phone's features, you will be happy at how much there is and how easy to use.  On the other hand if you are someone who just wants the essentials (1 phone number per contact, etc.), you won't be confused by an over-complicated interface design.The only complaint I have is regarding the service (Verizon).  The phone itself is phenominal and hasn't given me one problem.  It features top-end technology in a very attractive unit.  I just hope I don't bust it in the next two years, although i probably will, lol.

I am pleased with the phone as it does meet my needs in the area I live. Works well, shipped quickly and packaged nicely.Thanks

Got this phone to replace one my husband broke. He's not a smartphone user so this phone works perfectly for him.

Received the cell phone with the wrong charger to it.  I had to purchase a charger on ebay.  Would be more careful in the future with ordering cell phones outside of large companies.

...I have had several LG phones thru Verizon.  I got the VX8300 for free as an upgrade.  I went with it over a Motorola because of LG's quality.  It has great reception and terrific battery life.  The camera is better than most and the phone feels solid.  It's loaded with features, but most of them I find useless.  I suppose I am not in Verizon's V-Cast demographics at 52 yrs. old, but I will never understand why anyone would need their phone to play music or stream video.  Like 99% of the people on this planet, I have an iPod.  Why would I need the same ability on my phone?  Besides Verizon requires you to buy special headphones and if you are a Mac user, like me, then you can not import songs from iTunes.  Buying music from V-Cast is TWICE what iTunes charges.  The Mobile Web feature is wonderfully practical, however.  For only $5 a month I can check news, sports scores and email.  And it is extremely fast!  If you want all the bells and whistles this is a excellent phone.

Very reliable with excellent sound quality. The perfect phone if you're not into the "smart phone" category. I purchased this one to replace my original VX8300 that lasted 5-years until one too many drops to the pavement resulted in intermittent display operation.

I needed to replace my son's broken phone. This very inexpensive solution was ideal. Yes, it it was worn and used - exactly as described by the vendor -but fully functional! If your child keeps breaking their lovely smart phone here is a perfect vendor to get an inexpensive replacement. The unglamorous phone seems to be reinforcing the need for treating expensive phones with greater caution. :)

I was very glad to receive this phone as a replacement for one that I had lost, however even though it was the same model as the one I had previously, there is one tool that it does not have that the other one did.  That is GPS capability.  And the Verizon Wireless techs are not able to transfer my contacts from the old phone.  Other than that, the phone itself is everything I could want.  I am not interested in so called &#34;Smart Phones&#34;.

I attempted to purchase a cheap VERIZON cell phone to replace a broken one.... You get what you pay for. For $25 I got a cell phone that could not be used with my Verizon plan. It was an Alltel phone. Nice!! Oh well....

An excellent basic phone for senior citizens (and near-seniors) that don't need or want all the frill and fluff of a smartphone.  Love the larger keypad buttons--they're easier to see.  The clock settings can be changed like this, making it easier to read:press the OK buttonchoose the SETTINGS AND TOOLS option on the right side of the menu barchoose DISPLAY SETTINGSchoose CLOCK FORMATchoose MAIN CLOCK (OR FRONT CLOCK)choose DIGITALpress the OK button to save the settingsWhile i like the ability to change the clock format more than most of the other features, it's a very good and long-lasting phone.  It's reasonably inexpensive; well worth the price.

Phone was represented by Amazon as 'new', but was obviously re-boxed in a NEW box, with a fresh sticker, possibly a refurb.  Not a really big deal, but I wish they had been TRUTHFUL.You'll need to either take this into a Verizon store, or talk on the phone with a Verizon tech support representative, on another phone.  The phone is now 'too old' to be set up automatically with their online system.So far, after the hour it took on the phone to get working, and a trip to a Verizon store, anyway to get the contacts transferred (their online backup/restore doesn't work with this phone), it seems to work OK, and my dad likes it a lot better than the awful 'phone' he previously had.

We looked for another type of phone once our LG began to give out, but we did not want anything else.  Turning to Amazon, we found our phone at this great price.  The provider was quick to get it to us, the price was right, and the phone is great quality.  I have been waiting for you to ask me just so I could let you know!

After my husbands previous LG (the newer model) died under the wheels of his tractor, he remarked that he'd liked the older model better anyway - so I searched online & found this one. He is delighted with the reception & features - even quit using the speaker-phone since the external antenna picks up so well.

The product I received,an LG phone, arrived when I was told it would. This phone was exactly as I ordered. I have not had it activated, I bought it as a back up. I like this phone and you cant buy these at Verizon  any more.  To old. LOL , it a great phone. Would buy from Amazon again and again.

I ordered 2 phones,and as soon as they arrived they were in horrible conditions,seller promptly sent another 2 phones when I returned the first two,and when these phone got here they were worst then the first 2! No chargers,no batteries,ESN number written in pen inside the phone. Very disappointing!!! I want my money back! Waiting on their response in the matter!

&#34;OLD-SCHOOL&#34; I Purchased as a replacement for the LG VX8300 purchased NEW from Verizon Wireless about 8 years ago that just will not die... Love this model for taking and placing calls although texting is a bit difficult. (I have a BlackBerry for texting and e-mails with a separate phone number)Mike...ConquestN98858

After working with Verizon for almost an hour we finally gave up trying to make this phone work. Returned it for a refund.

My husband and I both use this cell phone.  It is sturdy, easy to use and the sound quality is very good.

This phone periodically would not ring when people called me, and then I'd get a message notification hours, sometimes days later.  Perhaps you could blame the carrier, but.... during conversations the phone would just die, and then mysteriously come back to life several minutes later.  About the 4th time it happened, it never came back on, and could not be repaired so it was replaced with the same phone.  It was then that I learned that all my keepsake photos and videos on the phone were lost forever in addition to all my ringtones and contacts.  The phone was only 10 months old and had never been mistreated.  LG was of no help and offered no compensation.  I would not buy another LG product.

After getting myself a new VX8700, I picked up a new VX8300 for my girlfriend. The VX8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone Verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. Sound quality, speakerphone, RF, and battery life all seem very good. The camera takes decent pictures. It has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. With a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. At this price, I give it 5 stars.

This phone serves its purpose well.  It works great out of town in the forest and I would not hesitate to purchase another one if I needed it.

Have never had any problems with this phone for the 5 yrs we have had it! dont plan on replacing it till its worn out! i use it every day for text and calling. I left the wall charger at a hotel and found out the only place i could get a replacement was at AMAZON! THANK YOU!

I got this phone about 10 days ago, an upgrade from my LG 6100, which I didn't want to part with but it was starting to look shabby after less than 2 years.  The 8300 does more than what the 6100 could do, of course, but I am not into VCast or downloading ringtones, music, etc.  I just wanted a better camera because I was sick of the somewhat blurry pix from the 6100.  And I didn't want to move into the blackberry realm. The 8300 is not as easy to use as the 6100 in terms of accessing text messages.  I liked the shortcut buttons on my old phone.  This phone has shortcut buttons to things you will be charged for, like get it now, on-line and vcast--but there is a nice looking calendar short cut.Pros:1. same or better speakerphone, with a designated speakerphone button2. same tools from the 6100 (calculator, tip calculator--both extremely useful)3. voice recognition dialing (no charge--I switched from Cingular because they wanted to charge for that capability)4. better camera5. battery charges very quickly6. I'm excited about what I can do with the micro secure disc (maybe put music on there without downloading it)Cons:1.  More buttons you have to press to get to certain lists/functions2.  not a big ringer selection, but it had the one I used to use, so I'm happy.3.  no cover for the camera like the 6100, but no cellphones have these--I'm worried about scratching the lens up in my pocket.4.  cant have phone ring and vibrate together like the 6100.Trying to pick a new cellphone is always challenging because it's such an important tool that becomes a part of your life.  I feel confident the 8300 will be fine till the next best thing comes along next year.

I would rate this at about a 10 on a scale of 10.  It took me a few days before I figured out that the CLR button is the back button for the menu system. Knowing that really helps alot. The menus are well layed out and the options very clear. The buttons on the phone seem big enough and are easy to press. The phone seems solid, but light. Overall construction seems sturdy. The LCD screens are very clear. I LOVE THIS PHONE I got a refurbished when i got it looks like a new oneGot it on time  Thank you  Thank you

One of the best phones ever. Battery life is decent, but very durable and sturdy phone. I used to have one long time ago, then switched to Android. Had to lower my bills so this was one of the first things I bought.

HI MY NAME IS CARMELA FROM STATENISLND NY WE SUFFERED HURRICANE SANDY. WITH ALL THE PHONES WE HAVE THIS PHONE REALLY SURPRISED ME DURING DOWN LINES AND NO ELETRIC , THIS PHONE SEEM TO WORK WHEN THE LINES CAME UP AND EVERY ELSE SEEM TO HAVE TROUBLE .THIS PHONE SEEMS TO BE MADE WELL AND NOT FLIMSY.I LIKE THE FACT THE OWNER GIVES YOU HIS NUMBER IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS. BY THE WAY,  THANKYOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT TO THE GENTLE MAN I SPOKE ON THE PHONE WITH ,I REALLY APPRECIATE . THIS ONE IS A KEEPER!

This is the third time the company replaced the originally shipped phone.  Each phone had a different problem.  The Company policy is 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed.  I asked for a refund and was told today that per Amazon policy after 30 days they can only process a replacement.  Since each replacement phone hasn't worked, I still would like my money to be refunded.  Who wants a phone that doesn't work?  Been trying to resolve this since May.

Items were purchased for my sister and brother in-law and they arrived earlier than expected. However, one of the phones was defective and after taking the phone to a verizon store it was learned that the battery may be defective.  I am in process of purchasing cases, as well as, a battery for these phones. My sister and brother-in law liked the phones despite minor problems. Would order again from this seller. Thanks Amazon!!!

It is hard to love a phone in 2006 that cannot sync with your computer out of the box. A 500 entry phonebook is nearly useless with keyboard entry.I have a Macintosh, the phone has a Bluetooth connection and I have to buy a USB cable and load another piece of software to load my 230 Address Book entries and my calendars. This is not acceptable when I compare it to my (outgoing) circa. 1999 Eriksson T39.The LG VX8300 is bigger, less user friendly, and (frankly) less attractive. Without Bluetooth connectabilty to my computer it is less useful. My 15 day warranty has 14 days left.

Every time we powered it on, it said "please use legitimate battery" and then would immediately shut down. Even after spending more money for another battery, it still said the same thing. Oh well

This phone could not be hooked up because it had an unpaid bill on the previous account, $500 worth, horrible experience.

It arrived in bad conditions and I would not recommend buying this phone used. the store sells for $15 new!

I just got the phone today and it's taking me forever to set it up.  The manual doesn't give the correct directions.  It doesn't have a quick reference to use voice dialing. I had to look it up on-line.  I put the cd in and it doesn't give me the option to ask me if I want to start, pause, or exit so I had to reboot my computer(at work).I know I should wait till I get through the set up before I complain but I hope this isn't a sign of how absurd it's going to be to set up Vcast, bluetooth and actually use the phone.

My son seems to lose phones a lot, this is a great deal.  Received what I expected and the phone works great.

This phone is great! It has a great look on the outside, and it's features are even better on the inside. I love the mp3 player. I don't use V Cast because it's a waste of money because I already have many songs. I use a microSD/Transflash 512 mb. and it works great! You can listen/view/transfer music, pictures, and videos. The phone is not mp3 ready out of the box but get instructions online and your set. I've learned that to transfer songs, you have to convert songs to wma. I've tried that and it works on the card, but when I transfer it there's an error and it won't play. It's not a big deal though. I love this phone and I strongly recommend it.

It is an old-fashioned clam shell and seems to be durable and functional.I suspect it is bought mostly by older people and thus am I am somewhat disappointed that the time and date are so small and hard to read.Otherwise I have no complaints.

I received my phone within a few days. My phone worked great! Also great price on the l phone. I will buy again from this dealer.

Do not buy this phone because the charger will not charge the phone.  The charger has power but for some reason the phone will not charge and the seller will not refund us or send us a new phone.  Be aware of the this seller's name and address, for other products.Dealscaly514 west florence aveInglewood CA 90301US

Great Reception and Sound Quality.  Blue Tooth works great.  MP3 Player works well once you get used to Verizon's software.  I also use Verizon's GPS Navigation on this LG instead of a $350 Garmin.  Added a 2GB microSD card that holds 1400 wma files.  This phone does everything, and it does it all very well.  Best Phone I've ever had.

Very w  orn out and used.  Did not last very long.  In fact this insipid me to buy a new phone.

I swapped for the the LG VX8300 Verizon phone after getting the Samsung SCH u540 from Costco.  Luckily Costco's policy allows you to try a phone for 30 days and if you're not satisfied, you can switch to another.  I tried the Samsung for a week and was very unhappy with how overly sensitive the touch-sensitive buttons were on the outside of the phone.  Essentially, we kept taking pictures of the inside of our pants pockets or purse b/c the buttons would register anytime you brushed anything against them.  Plus, I found the Samsung's reception to be spotty at best.After switching to the LG, I was immediately happier.  Not only was the outside more user friendly for those of us who tuck the phones in our back pockets or purses, but the reception seemed better and the battery life was much better than my old Motorola.  The photos are also very easy to take and send to other phones.  I found the bluetooth connection easy to setup (very intuitive) and the voice activated calling was fairly easy to use, although I will say my old Motorola was better at recognizing what names I was saying.  I like the loud and clear speakerphone function on the LG, too.  Easy to turn on and off with the prominent button that even my five year old can find and use.  My only complaint is the lack of good ringtones that come standard with the phone.  My old Motorola had a fabulous ring that was first a vibrate, then a ringer.  The only setting close to that on the LG is a combo vibrate/ringer.  I'm sure if I went online I could download something, but I am not that tech savvy nor time-available of a user.  I want something that I can open from the box and charge and go.  I was happy that the LG was good for someone who didn't want to spend time to read a lengthy manual.  The menus are all pretty easy to navigate and therefore perfect for me.  Supposedly you can do video too, but haven't tried that yet.All in all, a good "ready to go, out of the box" phone that's easy to use and has good reception & sound quality.  It lost one star due to the lack of good pre-installed ringtones.  I would actually give it 4-1/2 stars if I could.

You sold me a phone without a charger, I looked in every store possible for a charger and wasn't able to find one.  You should have said in the ad there wasn't a charger

I bought this phone to have for my apartment. As much as I love my iphone, I miss the old flip phones. You could tuck them in your pocket with no hassle. They were great. The seller sold it cheap and it is in good shape.

My high school best friend has had a phone like this for years. Everyone was trying to get him to upgrade to a smart phone and said that his phone was out dated.  So I found this bran new one on Amazon.

My wife really enjoyed her basic LG5300 flip phone until the hinge broke making the phone unusable. I gave her my back-up Samsung Stratosphere smartphone to use, but it was just too complicated for her (though I set it up as simply as I could for basic phone use...Verizon still required a $30/mo 2GB smartphone data package that she never used). Then, I saw this later refurbished LG8300 (better hinge & has a micro sdcard slot) at an unbelievable low price with free shipping from a trusted service-friendly seller and immediately placed my order. My wife is happy again.

I ordered this phone, just for business purposes and to have a  local phone number for my customers.  The phone works well, have not had any problems with it and I received it earlier than I expected it.  Pretty good value for the price.  Will order from this vendor again.

I already had one and love it, it is easy to use I have tried other phones but this one rates 10

I liked the phone but there was an issue with it. When texts were sent they sometimes were totally garbled other times not. I sent the phone back for a refund only yesterday so I haven't received my credit as of yet.

The LG VX8300 is the latest offering in the market for do-(almost)-it-all cell phones.  It combines all of the standard phone functionality with music and video playback and phone, making it a media powerhouse considering that it's such a portable, affordable package.  The next step up would be a smartphone, but at significant extra cost for the addition of more well-rounded PDA functions.THE PHONEThe first thing you'll notice about the 8300 is that it's a great-looking piece of tech - stylish and modern yet also subdued enough that it won't embarrass you in business settings.  Some pictures make it look black, but it is actually a deep metallic pewter color.  It's roughly the same size (3.5 x 1.9 x 0.9) as LG's other recent clamshell phones, although a little slimmer for easier pocketing.  It feels solid but not heavy at 3.9 oz with the standard battery.  The plastic case feels softer than prior models, so it may be more susceptible to scratches and scrapes over time.  There is a leather case for it, but I doubt you could bear the idea of covering up this good-looking unit.The 8300 runs on Verizon's CDMA all-digital network, so coverage may be an issue if you live in rural areas.  I've been a Verizon customer for years with LG digitals and never run into any dead spots around town and while traveling, but check Verizon's coverage maps on their website beforehand.Voice clarity is superb, both for you and for the person you're calling.  The 8300 has speakerphone capability, but amplified through the external audio speakers, it tends to be so loud that it may distort - set your volume appropriately low.The phone has a wide array of conveniences, including numerous handy voice-activated commands (send messages, check voice mail, look up contact, examine wireless account, etc.), one-touch calling, unique rings and photo IDs for different contacts, an address book with room for 500 contacts, and so on.  I'm a huge proponent of the voice-activated commands, and while the 8300 is very easy to set up, the long-term downside is that instead of matching up your command with your own prerecorded voice as prior models did, this phone tries to actually phonetically "read" entries from your contacts list and find a match that way.  So, if you have unusually-spelled names with silent letters in your contacts list, the 8300 will have a tough time making a match.  Plus, when it repeats the name back to you, it generally mangles the pronunciation, making that form of caller ID undesirable.  It's too bad that the contacts list doesn't have a separate "nickname" field so that you could accurately store the contact as say, "Mike Krzyzewski" but have the voice-activated commands look the entry up as "Coach", for example.If you're obsessive about ringtones, then you'll be disappointed with the default offerings.  They play back with great quality, but they're pretty boring.  Verizon clearly wants you to go to their GetItNow service to purchase the latest and flashiest ringtones.  It's not documented in the manual, but it is possible to use MP3s loaded into the phone as ringtones.The phone supports Bluetooth v.1.1, which makes it easily compatible with many wireless devices like headsets/earpieces.  You can also use this to wirelessly transmit and receive contact information with other Bluetooth devices.THE CAMERAI bought my first digital camera about five years ago - a 1.3 megapixel Olympus for about $350.  Now, for a fraction of the price and space, the 8300 delivers that same picture quality.  It's also got additional features that make the results actually worth viewing/printing, including flash, white balancing for a variety of lighting conditions (no more washed out or oddly-tinted phone pics), a four-position digital zoom, and night mode.  There are also some capabilities for having fun with your photos such as special effects (negative, posterize, etc.), self-portrait capability using the external screen as a viewfinder, and a timer.  You can take pictures from 160x120 thumbnails all the way up to print-quality 1280x960.The camera can also take videos, although the quality is predictably choppy and the largest clip that can be sent via email is only 15 seconds.  Like any of the phone's media, larger clips can be stored to the phone's internal memory or onto an optional microSD card and then copied to another device or PC.Photos taken can be used as contact IDs or wallpaper on either the external or main screen.  Both screens are breathtaking in their brightness, clarity and resolution.  They never fail to register the initial jaw-dropping compliment when someone sees the phone for the first time.MUSIC PLAYERYou can't really say MP3 player because the 8300 wants to only play files in Microsoft's .wma format.  This is because Verizon wants you to use their VCast online music store.  I purchased the Music Essential Pack with my phone and was sorely disappointed in this - the VCast software wouldn't load (it kept trying to roll me back to Windows Media Player 10 even though I'm on 11), the USB cable kept losing connection (crummy driver software), and the headphones were just so-so.  I recommend instead investing in a big MicroSD card and using it to store and transfer all of your music, photos and videos.  This is clearly the easiest way to load information back and forth between the phone, although Verizon won't tell you that since it cuts their overpriced music store out of the loop.  And if you do prefer MP3s for playback, the 8300 may not be configured out of the box to play them, but it's a simple change to make - just search the web for instructions.The sound for playback is very good, again considering that it's not a dedicated music device.  The external stereo speakers are on either side of the clamshell hinge and they pump out a lot of sound for their size.  The 8300 has a very good ergonomic feature in the form of player control buttons (play/pause, fast forward, rewind) on the outside face of the phone.  So, you can keep it in the palm of your hand rather than flipped open while listening.BUSINESS/PRODUCTIVITYThe 8300 comes with the standard roster of business apps dumbed down for cell phone usage:  calendar, world clock, calculator with tip macros, etc.  At this time, I haven't found an easy way to sync data back and forth with any desktop apps like Outlook or Notes.  There are open source apps on the Web like Bitpim that can do this, but the 8300 is currently too new for that software to handle.  That gap should be remedied soon.Verizon offers wireless broadband via an EV-DO network that includes most major metropolitan areas and airports.One exceptional add-on that Verizon offers is VZ Navigator, which turns the 8300 into a GPS-driven navigation device.  You can purchase the add-on either monthly if you do a lot of traveling by car or even day-to-day if you're just taking a short trip.  It works well, looks great, and really boosts the usefulness of this unit.CONCLUSIONThe LG VX8300 combines a great phone, a camera that's actually useful and some pretty cool media capabilities into one compact unit.  There are of course some trade-offs for each, but the convenience of only having to carry one slim item in your pocket is invaluable.  It really is a marvel for the price.PROS* A very clear phone with many convenient features like voice-activated commands.* A 1.3 megapixel camera capable of taking pictures you'd actually have printed thanks to 1280x960 resolution, flash, and color effects.* A good-sounding music player that, when combined with your own library on an optional microSD card, puts hours of entertainment in your pocket.* Bluetooth capability for wireless add-ons and communication with other devices.CONS* Incompatible with existing accessories - get ready to buy new chargers, sync cables, etc.* VCast music store is overpriced and not easy to set up (just get a microSD card and use it to store/transfer media instead - no problem).* Initial selection of ringtones is pretty dull - another attempt by Verizon to squeeze extra charges out of you.* Some of the external buttons are awkwardly sized and/or placed - people with larger hands may cramp up after prolonged periods of use.

I had one like it that gave several years good service; this one fits well for my cell phone needs.

I've had this phone for about a week. At first glance, it was so many lightyears better than the free phone T-Mobile had given me that I was overjoyed. Then I noticed some flaws. I'll summarize this as a pros and cons list.PROS - Fabulous reception. The last time I had Verizon it dropped nearly all the calls at my house, so I was taking a big chance switching back because of the phone. Even with 1/2 a bar the connection quality was excellent. I heard everyone much more clearly and everyone noted that they heard me better as well. And, in NY, Verizon has a better overall coverage area, so I was happy. So far, so good.I personally liked the way this phone feels next to my face and in my hand better than either the Chocolate or the Razr, but that's a matter of personal preference. For me the deal-killer with the Chocolate was the lack of speaker phone too.I also like the way the phone book is set up. Everything seems intuitive and well thought out in general.So far, so good, but the cons are a definite annoyance:CONS - 1. Horrible battery life. This phone has a battery life like phones of 5 years ago. You need to charge every night, even on standby. Don't forget to get a car charger and keep it with you with this phone. This is probably the most disappointing thing about this phone, especially compared to the Nokias my friends have.2. Horrible voice-commanded calling. I have yet to get this to work on the first shot. I bought a family plan so my elderly mother could use this - just push a button and say "call..." so she could call without having to figure out how to use the phone. I'm sorry that's not going to happen with this phone.3. Iffy speakers - if you make them loud, there is a lot of distortion, but if you put them on medium it's fine.4. Mp3 disabled - this goes under the general Verizon greed issue, but if you go to Ron's review, you'll see how to enable it - and you'll get annoyed when you see right on the phone that the "mp3 disable" is checked off. I enabled mine, so far so good.So, if all you need is great reception definitely get this phone. This phone has the best reception of any phone I've had. Judging by other reviews, this isn't the case across the board, but my particular phone gets good reception and has excellent voice clarity on both ends.And, beware, you CANNOT port your number and still get the equipment discount with any service provider on Amazon. However, there is a plus side on the Verizon end. You don't have to get bogged down in a 2 year contract anymore with Amazon either! That was good for me because I wasn't sure about the reception issue. So, I just called and emailed everyone with my new number, which is actualy easier to memorize than the other one was. I wrote this in a review that wasn't published, so lets see if they let this one slip in to this one. If not I'm complaining, because customers should know this before deciding whether to buy.So, overall I am happy with the general things about the phone, but LG needs to address the voice command and battery issues especialy with this model before it will get 5 stars from me. I can live with any other little annoyances.

This is the third phone I have purchased--all of the same type.  The dog ate the first two.  This one does not work as well as the first two---battery does not stay charged.

This is an outstanding flip phone. It is sturdy and reliable with great battery life and great vocal audio. I bought my first one in 2006 and kept it for four years, despite getting free smartphones from work. Even when using a smartphone primarily, I always carried this LG as a back up and used it when my smartphone locked up or couldn't get signal. I lost the original one and bought a replacement LG used and it was just as good. After loaning that one to my teenager last year and it getting lost, I just bought a third one, used, and it is still a great phone. This is the most reliable electronic device I've had in years, and the most reliable phone I've had in 15 years of cell phone use.Pros: Rugged, reliable, battery life, reception, call quality, Bluetooth connection, microSD slot, external MP3 controls, compact sizeCons: nothingIf you don't need a smartphone (and the data plan expense that comes with it), you can't beat this device.

Good phone. Call quality is good. Speaker phone is not great; many times I had to ask the other party to repeat.1. My previous Nokia had a feature to warn me whenever I hit a button that involves extra charges (like browsing etc.). It also has an option to turn this feature on/off.But, this LG doesn't have any such feature to warn me. There are at least three or four menu options which, as soon as selected, will happily start data exchange which may result in extra charges depending on your plan.2. Contacts can be grouped into Family, Friends, Business etc. But, whose bright idea was it to limit 10 contacts per group? Hello?!2a. You can't assign arbitrary text to contacts. Nokia had a note field where you can jot down anything you want. Had been useful to store street addresses for some of them.3. You have seen other complaints about Verizon here. Most of them are true and Verizon could be a little bit more graceful (OBEX/ring tones/warn if extra charges).4. Has a lock feature to keep young ones from making calls; but, this is not same as Key Guard; still 911 is allowed to go thru (lock feature can be enabled by pressing # for 2 seconds which three different Verizon associates were unaware of and one of them owns this phone.)5. Another user has explained below how he takes a picture and then immediately transfers to memory card. There is an option to directly store pictures (and other objects like music, video) in memory card instead of phone.6. Somehow I feel that there is only limited option you can configure. People who fine tune their gadgets may be disappointed.7. I still haven't figured out how to configure email. I select email option and it starts connecting right-away.8. Voice commands works surprisingly well. But, when a contact has more than one phone stored, by voice command you can only call the default number.Even though I do not plan to switch carrier (have had Verizon for more than five years now) some how do not like this phone (and the way it has been programmed by Verizon). Most probably I'll return it.

Bought this to replace an identical model that I accidentally sent through the washing machine.  The front buttons do not seem to work, but the side buttons do.

OK here's the deal with this phone.  I just got it yesterday, and all in all, it's a 7 on a scale of 1-10.  It has the best speakers and sound quality of all non-MP3 dedicated phones (meaning the Chocolate and others like it).  You do not have to convert MP3's into WMA's anymore.  That makes it really nice.  Sound quality on the speakerphone is very good too, from both ends.  Nice to have MP3 functions on the outside of the phone also.  Forget the "music essentials" kit that Verizon says you need.  It's not essential.  All you need is the memory card (Transflash, also called T-Flash) and a reader/writer.  Format the card on the phone, pop it out of the phone, into the reader/writer, put the USB part of the reader/writer into your computer's USB hub, the computer does the rest.  Click, Copy, and Paste your MP3 files over to the My Music folder of the memory card and away you go.  You cannot makes these songs into ringtones though, the phone will not allow you to copy them to the ringtone menu.  There is a website called Freeringers.net that lets you make your own, edit them down, and send them to your phone via a MM from the website.  Costs whatever it would as a normal message on your service plan, plus a one time fee for the website (8 bucks for one year is CHEAP!!!!)  It even allows you to test your phone for compatibility before you pay for it.Now for the not so good features.  The video and camera features come out WAYYYY too dark when you are taking a shot from a few feet away or in a bar/club, even with the flash on.  My Motorola actually took better pictures, it's scary to say.  The voice command feature on this phone is HORRIBLE when trying to recognize names.  I get everyone BUT the person I need.  Again, I never had a problem with this on my last Motorola phone.  It's nice to be able to reprogram the shortcut keys, but you can only program the keys on the main wheel...not the left and right soft keys under the inside screen.  That's rough cuz I am used to buttons on my last phone performing certain functions.  You have to leave the flip open to use the speakerphone, which makes it hard to handle while driving and I hate bluetooth adapters.  Also, you cannot program the phone to turn off the speaker automatically after, say, 20 secs of non use, like my last one.Phone sound quality is no better or worse than any other one I have had.  Reception seems fine so far, except I see when I am in my house, I go into the 1X quite a lot instead of the EV-DO.  Never did that with my last phones either.So all in all, I am going to wait the full 15 days for my trial period, but so far, it looks like a keeper.  I have never really had a problem with Verizon from a customer service end after being with them for a year.  I was with Cingular for 15 years before switching.  I guess I am one of the lucky ones.  I still have to play with the phone more and get to know its "guts".  I just wanted to let everyone know about the main things cuz I have been looking at get this phone for the last 4 months.  I am not disappointed, but I am not overly thrilled either.

used phone for one bill cycle and works just fine activation was quick and easy phone has minor color fade mark and some scratches on the screen but over all phone works  very well and i am happy this was my first used purchased i usally buy new but since they no longer sell this phone new is really not an option i am very satisfied i got what i paid for.note the phone is not factory reset so numbers,photos,media and call history were still in the device so i had verizon clear it and reset it due to a lock placed on the security settings recommend factory reset before selling any product just so theirs no issue on privicy

Super fast del - will buy againSuper fast del - will buy againSuper fast del - will buy againSuper fast del - will buy again

Very good phone.The only negative is the battery life is short.I'll charge my batteryin the morning & later on in the evening i have to charge it again. I talk very littleon the phone so the battery shouldn't be charged a second time within a 12 hr period.Once again very good phone.

this phone is by far the best one i have loud and clear calls no droped calls eazy to use

Owned a "refurbished" one for literally 3 months and something happened to the phone ("Car Kit") and I no longer have audio. I have read many reviews at this point and spoke with verizon employees, this is a pretty typical thing. I attempted all troubleshooting and nothing got it out of this mode. Otherwise the buttons were too small and the phone is very outdated. You get what you pay for. I got mine to the door for $35. (0.38/day) Could be worse.

So it's time for a new phone. I see tons of ads for the Razr and it sounds like a heck of a phone so that is the first phone I check out. Hmmm, looks great, very stylish. But, I don't care for the way it feels in my hand. So I go online and start checking out reviews for it and other phones. Someone suggest the LG VX8300. I check this out. Wow!! It may not look quite as stylish as the Razr but it's a great, feature packed phone. And the reviews tend to be much better than the ones for the Razr. So I got the VX8300 and couldn't be happier with it.Yes, Verizon cripples it in numerous ways but there is lots of info on the net to get around this. I love this phone. Great reception, call quality, music sounds decent considering the size of the twin speakers. The odd size headphone jack is a problem but Amazon sells a Headphone Adapter for $3.99.The 1.3mp camera is great compared to older phones with vga. No, it won't replace your brand new 7mp camera but the pictures are clear and look good.The phone comes with mp3 playback disabled but it is simple to enable. Follow the instructions given by Ron in his review. It works and doesnt harm your phone in any way.Get the micro-sd card.There are many places you can get a card at a much lower price than Verizon. With it you can transfer music and pictures from your pc to your phone and vice-versa. You can also play your videos from your pc but you will need a conversion program. I use "3gp converter". Search the net for it. Put the videos on your flash card and show your home movies away from home. Keep in mind that the screen is tiny and not meant for a large audience. But it's great for its size.Yes, the ringtones that come with the phone leave much to be desired. There are many ways to get new ones, both free and paid. Once again, search the net.[...].

I had previously had this phone when it first came out; it was the number one phone then. I bought this for my mother as a simple replacement phone for she does not use internet. I did buy a used version which said &#34;very good&#34; condition. It arrived in great condition, no scratches or worn areas. But after only 11 days of having the phone, she turned it on from charging and the screen was white. I have tried everything I can think of with no success. I am chucking my experience with this phone up to bad luck considering the positive reviews.I am requesting a refund but since it was not sold through Amazon, I will only be refunded a dismal amount.

It is very limited but good basic phone...not able to get any covers for it..and it shuts off really easily

I found, after  much searching and discussion with various Verizon people, that you do NOT need the Music Essentials kit to play your own music on this phone. You simply need to format the Micro SD memory card (just a few quick clicks with your phone), then remove the card and insert it w/ adapter into your PC, then drag the music files onto the "My Music" folder that shows up when you bring up the window for the drive that reads the card. However, you either need to do with with .wma files and windows Media Player version 10 or 11, or else set up the phone to allow .mp3 files--see earlier review on how to do this. Good luck!

The quick delivery was very helpfull, and I got exactly what was expected.  I like it better than my other simple phone.  With today's capabilities, don't get it for tech.

I replaced an old LG candy-bar phone with the VX8300, it's a good replacement (considering) but the MP3 performance is just not acceptable. I've heard better quality from key chain players that cost $9. The volume level is too low and it has no bass at all when driving earbuds (Sony MDREX90LP). It does sound good when driving a cassette adapter (XM) in the car so that's how I'll be using it.It's just not so hot for the office.

I bought this phone for my partner who doesn't use cell phones much so it is perfect for what he needs. It did smell of strong perfume upon arrival yet over time this dissipated. I am pleasantly surprised that the battery works well for it being an older phone.

This was a perfect idea for us..my husband washed his good phone and we wanted to get by until our contract is up so we could change carriers so this little phone works great till then, Thank you

I love this phone, ive only had it for about 3 weeks, but it gets great reception everywhere. you can make and receive calls with zero bars, it has a microsd slot for up to a gig of music(but i think the 2gb microsd cards will be in stores by the end of the year) and dual color screens, you will need to reenable the mp3 player though, because verizon only lets you use vcast music. and it doesnt have the annoying red color theme that plagued the 8100s

I had to get 3 phones before i got one that finally worked. The first 2 didn't work at all and after i called the guy who had them he sent a 3rd one and it finally worked but what a hassel it was !!!!!

It arrived well packed and protected it brought everything it said it would, arrived in perfect condition and in good time. No complaints. The phone itself is okay as my back up phone.

I returned this phone as it turned out to be to small foe my use would have liked to have keep it as it seemed to be a very good phone.

My children purchased this for me as a replacement phone. Do not like all the smart phones. This has held up very well. Previously had one and lost it. Very durable and if you want a basic flip phone , than this is the one. Price was good

Great phone, I can hear very easy on it and my last one I had for over 10 years.I would suggest this phone to anyone.

If you are a media geek, this phone is a great value for a verizon customer. It has all the features verizon has, v cast, mp3 player etc, but at a good price. Also, its a solid phone, able to take a bump or two (razor and Krazors are not the greatest at that).  But, one thing that annoys the heck out of me are the worthless side buttons.  the left toggle button on my last 3 phones change ringtone from loud, soft, vibrate or silent, without having to go to the menu. This phone I have to go to the menu if I want to turn the ringer back on, and there is no option to change the sidebuttons, only the ones on the keypad. Also, the menus are not my favorite. It took me a couple of days to get use to pushing the CLR button to back out of menus. And they have so many menus, finding the feature i want to change is a bit of a pain.  Finally, this camera does not have a zoom feature for the still camera, although the video part does.  But, all in all, its decent.  Why waste money on anything else, unless you want to get the TV phone and pay for that service, which is I believe $25 a month, V cast/net on this phone and other vcast phone is $15.  Check this out, not bad.

I have had this phone for almost a month now (buy one get one free deals). Works GREAT!! Very user friendly controls and fits perfectly in my hands. It has loud speaker, decent camera and bug free software.The receptoin is good but not great. The only downside is that it only works with the digital network but verizon reps told me that they're converting/adding many more digital towers around the country and will retire analog towers.Get this phone!

i bought this phone because my other one is not working right i have paid extra to have this phone in two days and it has not shown up and it says it will take till Thursday to get it, not to happy about how much i had paid for the shipping cost but i had this phone before and i really like them great service and great and durable phone to have if you do construction and automotive like i do

I received everything in working condition.  The power adapter, which did not work was easily remedied by using one from my friend.  The seller did offer to credit me for the faulty adapter, however!I would buy from this company/person again.

Nice little phone but keys are too small which would make it hard to use.  Not much different than my old gusto phone.

I have owned this phone for over a year now, and have grown quite used to it, but there are still some things that bug me:RECEPTION: Only average, my old Motorola was better.  An all-digital phone.  Sometimes shows the "service" icon when it is impossible to make a call.  Service is not altogether reliable based on its service display.CALL QUALITY: quite good, with good volume and adjustability.INCLUDED RINGTONES: Annoying and outdated, probably so that you'll buy one from verizon (which they make easy with 'get it now'.SPEAKERPHONE: Great speakers (stereo) are almost loud enough to listen to music in a quiet room, though the voice quality over the speaker-phone is only adequate.  Useful and loud, but not great quality.MP3 PLAYER: almost requires you to buy the verizon music kit to make it work.  I use a transflash (same as micro SD) that they formatted in the verizon store for me, and it works OK, but the phone has trouble recognizing a lot of the music that I try to load from my computer.  The MP3 player often turns on by itself in my pocket because of the player buttons on the outside.CAMERA: Better than average.  Works even in low light at close proximity with the flash.  Good colors, quality is what you'd expect from a 1 Megapixel lens.  Easy to use and access.  Camcorder is average.USABILITY:  Buttons are generally well placed and easy to use, with the exception of the front media player buttons which can be pressed in your pocket.  Voice memo and voice dial work fine.TEXT MESSAGING: The word recognition is not as good or as easy to use as my old phone, and it gets annoying for long sessions of texting.Bluetooth:  seems to work just as well as others that I've tried, not great.Battery Life: really good.  Lasts a couple days with several calls throughout each day before i have to charge it.The user interface is standard on all verizon phones now, with lots of slots (at least 500) for contacts, and space for 3 different numbers for each contact.  The mobile web is slow and plodding, but reliable.The form factor is thicker than razor-type slim phones, but not huge, and easy to fit in a pocket.

Very happy with this purchase ....however I need an extra charger and I am having trouble finding one on Amazon.

Very happy with this used phone complete with with charger but no manual.  The phone is like new.  I found it easy to use even without the manual.  I was pleased there was a socket for headphones and my panasonic headset fitted in and worked.

The phone is reasonable however it can be tough to hear sometimes.  The earpiece that I bought through Amazon.com is worse.  I can't hear much of anything through it.  I like the features but doing simple things isn't as intuitive as with my last motorola.  The phone gets about a 3 and verizon gets a 1.  Only because I can't give them zero.Whereas the phone overall is decent, I will say that the service I've received through verizon is the worst I've ever had with a cell phone service.  THe signal is good, but trying to get these people to honor their rebate commitment is like pulling teeth.  After spending about 10 hours on the phone between Amazon.com and Verizon, I am probably going to cancel the service altogether.  Tmobile has better service and I never had a problem when I called htem up.  I've spoke to about 7 service reps at Verizon and most of them are rude and some will hang up on you.  I was warned when I switched that I'd have a problem if I ever needed to call Verizon and they weren't kidding.  It's been a nightmare.

The phone works well.  Excellent service from Amazon.  However, working with Verizon has been painful.  They activated my phone with a new number on the date it "supposedly" shipped.  I say supposedly, because it was a postal holiday.  I called them when I got the notice re the new phone # and explained that I wanted to port my old # over.  No problem, he would take care of it.  However, the phone came with the new # and - I'll save you the painful details - it took about 2 hours total on the phone and a trip to the local store to finally get my old # ported over with "only" about 1/2 hour of non-coverage.  Now I've received my first bill from Verizon and it includes a $35 activation fee which was supposed to be waived with a 2 year contract and a bill for coverage starting from the supposed ship date rather than received date.  Sigh...  Verizon said that Amazon has to credit the activation fee.  I have dealt with some really nice, helpful people from both Amazon and Verizon, as well as some not so helpful ones from Verizon.  However, be prepared to spend a LOT of time on the phone trying to straighten out the details.

I love this phone. The ring tones and graphics in the phone when you buy it are decent. The phone is easy to use. I like the short cuts and the button placement. The only semi-negative thing I'd say about the phone is that the speaker phone button is right under the clear button. I text a lot and have hit the speaker phone buttong instead of clear a dozen times since I got it yesterday. I did a lot of research into the other verizon phones and I chose this one. I can't really comment on the extras like v-cast because I don't use them. My mother got the lg 5300 b/c it was free with verizon and it didn't have the extras that she did not want. That's a good phone too. My favorite things about this phone:*You can choose to have a picture come up on the outside when someone calls.*It is user-friendly.*The speaker phone and ring tones are LOUD if you want them loud.*It is inexpensive no matter where you get it- amazon or verizon.

I've been using VX8300 for a few months now and must say I am VERY disappointed with the phone. The call quality is poor (compared to much older Samsung phones that are being used in the same location), with many dropped calls. Advertised Bluetooth and MP3 player functionality is either crippled or not accessible. Specifically, Bluetooth doesn't support receiving/sending phone numbers, pictures or ringtones from other phones, doesn't support synchronization with a PC. Makes you look stupid when all of your friends can share photos over bluetooth with much older phones.I found that out after I bought Bluetooth adapter for my PC. I also wanted to use the phone as an MP3 player and bought a 1Gb memory card for it, formatted it using the phone and put a few mp3 files on it. The phone refuses to play those, giving an error. There may be a way to fix it, but there's nothing about this in the manual. What IS in the manual is how to buy music, ringtones, clips from Verizon. In fact the phone menu is designed is an ad brochure with "GET PIX" and such being the most prominent choices. The rest of the menu is very inefficient. For instance, to set a wake-up alarm (something I do quite often), one has to scroll away from "GET PIX" to "Tools" (?)  section, pick alarms and then go through a couple of additional screens where the time can actually be set.I've switched from a 2yr old Sony Ericsson phone, and it amazes me that 2 years down the road the top phone from LG and Verizon is considerably worse than what I had. I have fewer features, it's a lot harder to use and sound quality is worse. After Sony Ericsson, LG VX8300, with built-in stereo speakers, huge letters, clunky navigation and poor functionality feels like it was designed by amateurs.

this item, a simple cell phone, was purchased with charging accessories. when we went to the Verizon store,  we were told the the phone was still associated with a previous account and could not be activated.  i'm surprised that the vendor didn't bother to check this very simple fact.we have contacted the vendor several times and received no answer.  today, a request for a rating!  well, here it is -  you would do better to light a match to your cash than throw any of it at this company.  if i am resuaded differently in the future, i'll amend the review. meanwhile, i have a useless piece of plastic here.

The product arrived promptly and as advertised! I bought this model and brand cell phone in 2006 and have enjoyed its use and features since then! So when it finally couldn't take another drop on the floor after nearly 7 years I wanted another one and was very happy to find it online since Verizon doesn't offer it anymore! It was a seamless transition of data @ Verizon from my o'l damaged and worn phone to my new and fresh replacement!  Thank you for the opportunity to review the product! Very happy and Satisfied with it!  R. Lopez

I really like my phone.  I had a phone like this before the smart phones came out, my husband is using that phone right now.  I ordered a new phone and although I did not receive it as fast as they said I would, I really like my phone.  I would recommend it to anyone.

Great flip phone. Sturdy. No data needed to operate phone. Use for strictly business calls. Light weight, durable. Smooth casing.

Needed a replacement for a phone I accidentally took into a hot tub with me, and this does the job.  Not fancy but if you're buying a 18 dollar phone you don't expect that.  Minus one star for the external antenna lol

This cell phone arrived as described in the ad.  It met my expectations for its condition for both the cell phone and the battery.  I would purchase additional products from this vendor without hesitation.

Feb. 6, 2012: I can't believe I've had this phone 5 years, but I have, and it still works and, more amazingly, it6's still working on the original battery - not that I can guarantee that you'll have the same results.I said originally that I use it to make calls, and that's what I do today. Only today, it's hooked up to my Bluetooth in the car, and it stays in its little cubbyhole and doesn't see the light of day except for its weekly charge. It's really too much trouble to take it off Bluetooth, so we do all our calling from the car, and even that's not much. Our kids all all back in this state and within an hour of us, and chatting doesn't seem to be anyone's style nowadays. It's not a smart phone, but we're smart people: we now prepay for a year and, although we ended up with 120 hours per phone (my wife has the same one), we're also running $500 less than when we paid monthly. And Verizon has even gotten better. I haven't found a dead spot in this mountainous area except for Sequoia National Park where I didn't want to talk to anyone anyway.Still think it's a great phone, And if you absolutely MUST, you can get on the internet and you can take a snapshot. Unfortunately, that will cost you extra.****I have owned cell phones since the time of "the Brick," and 10 models in between. Now that coverage is excellent in most of the country (mountains are still a problem in this neck of the woods), if you want a phone to make phone calls, this is probably a little better than most. It is certainly more durable than the Razr.The pluses: Good reception for the most part; great speaker phone (better than my wired office phones); good display.The minuses: The handbook that comes with it is 37 pages long. Anything after page 4 costs money. Send out five high res pictures, and you run into real money. And it may be an MP3 player of sorts, but at $2 a song, I'll stick with my iRiver or iPod.The long and short of it. After looking for a year for a phone that just made phone calls, this is what we chose. I don't need the camera, but now you have no choice. With special incentives from Verizon - probably because we've been with them for 3 years - the total cost was the retail tax for two phones. Everything else was a mail in or instant rebate.Four stars because it's a fairly good phone, and I've given up on persuading anyone under 50 that they still need a wired phone especially when you want to talk to more than one person at a time. Yeah, the speaker phone is great, but so sensitive that it'll pick up ambient noise so that I can hear people who are 15 feet away from it.

Almost everything our spotlight reviewers, " Ronald M. Cronovich `Ron'" and "D. R. Jeanclerc `Reader, Listener & Obsessive Observer'", said in their reviews is dead-on.  I just have a few things to add....1.  I need to emphasize just HOW annoying it is that Verizon is becoming increasingly rigid about their phone options.  I had the LG VX6100 for 2 years and my ears were trained to know who was calling according to the ringtone playing.  I pick up the 8300, and they have the worst selection of ringtones that are just different types of bleeps!(If you really want to create your own ringtone - press down the Voice Memo button on the left side of the phone.  You can record up to 1 min of whatever sound you want.  Start recording the song about 1/2 sec before the point you want to record and stop 1/2 sec after - the phone tends to truncate the "edges" of the recording.  Then, send a MMS to your phone - cost is $0.25 - and save it as a ringtone.  Again, the phone seems to truncate the end portion by another 1/2 sec here.  It may not be the best quality sound, but for $0.25 I don't mind getting a customized ringtone!)2.  On the 6100, I could still hear the vibrate mode when someone would call.  With the 8300, it's not as prominent.  For some, it's a pro, for others, a con.3.  I don't like that I do not have the option to have a simple looking menu like I had on the 6100.4.  In the 6100, sms was a bit different, too.  Before, I had to click twice from the point I put in the number I was texting, to get to the text body area.  In the 8300, as soon as I hit enter after putting in the number, it goes directly to the text body area.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, I'm just not used to it.  I've sent many blank smses, ("pages"),so far because of doing that.I do like that I can send the same text message to numerous people at the same time.  That saves time.5.  The last thing - don't buy the Motorola Bluetooth H500 'kit' from Verizon.  They tell you it's a great Bluetooth, but they are salesmen and working off commission, so can't really blame them.  The H500 hurts the ears, is incredibly weird about pairing with this phone, as well as battery life fluctuations, and falls off if you bend your head down.  For the same price, get a Plantronics 510!  (Has much better reviews - google it.)  I am telling you here because if you get this phone - you will most likely go into a Verizon store - where they will tell you that, a.) the 8300 is the best selling phone AND b.) the H500 package is an awesome deal and a great Bluetooth.  Take it as you may.The phone is good, especially since I am not paying $100+ for it.  I just wish we could have the option of stripping what we individually didn't need, and keep things we really do want.  But, that's asking for the impossible!*Note -  I really like Verizon Wireless.  I've had Sprint, AT&T;, Cingular, watched people with T-Mobile and Nextel.  Every wireless company is essentially the same - a business, duh.  With Verizon, the bells and whistles may cost more, but the coverage I get makes up for it GREATLY.  I have made and received calls in buildings where no other carrier really works.  And for the most part, customer service is comparable.  Maybe not in store, but def phone support.UPDATE:  As of December, I have had this phone for 3-4 months.  I still say it is an OK phone.--I STILL am not used to smsing and keep sending blank smses - you know how it is - physical memory is hard to break!--I don't like how I can't put the phone on vibrate from the side buttons.--I was having this problem where I couldn't make/receive calls/smses/etc after 8pm for three nights in a row but the next morning, my phone would work.  I think it may have been a tower problem.... Anyone else experience this?--I wish I had my "quick alarm" option as before on the 6100.  It was very convenient to quickly click on 10 minutes or 3 hours of alarm time, plus it gave me 4 alarms to work with instead of the 3 I have here.--I wish a little bit of backlight would stay on for the front lcd so I wouldn't have blind my eyes looking at the time.--Phone is bit slippery for me BUT it has been good to me without a cover and does not scratch easily.***I like that I can turn the volume/vibrate mode off except for my alarms.  VERY convenient.***I like my "custom" ringtones, mainly cuz I get to choose what to record and it's a fraction of the Vcast cost!  The sound is clear enough that I can enjoy them.***I like that I have less dropped calls than everyone else on different networks.  That makes me very happy!***I like that the side buttons on this phone are not as susceptible to changing my ring mode as the 6100 was.  My phone does not ring suddenly when I know I put it on vibrate.

this was my husbands favorite phone serveral years ago. it is no longer in production. found this one, LOVES IT!!!!

I was sent broken phone. The phone would not take calls or send calls only text capable. Peace of junk!

very good condition, I found the one I thought I lost, but I enjoy the one I purchased from you!

Great if you need something sturdy and strong that won't break easily. I've only used it for calling and texting but so far it has been reliable

I've owned a flip phone for 5 years and it worked well. This one has very poor sound quality. Everyone I talk to says they can't hear me and the &#34;speaker&#34; phone is barely louder than when the phone is on regular mode. I read a lot of reviews about this phone and either I got a dud, or there are a lot of bogus reviews. Don't buy this phone.

This is a real quality phone for a very affordable price.  A great way to replace broken phones without a &#34;new&#34; contract.

I got this phone for my Dad. He is elderly and the new smart phones are a nightmare for him. Good to see they are still available and it was in great condition.

I decided on this phone after months of research, and have been quite happy with my purchase. MP3 playback is great, and you can forget about paying for the Verizon music kit- just get a MicroSD memory card instead. They're suprisingly cheap, and the phone handles cards up to 2gb. You just stick the card in your computer/reader, and use it like you would a regular flash drive.  After you drag and drop your mp3s into a folder and put the card back in your phone you're good to go. You can do this for pictures (and videos!) too, and won't have to worry about running out of space.The primary reason I got this phone was for the camera, and it works beautifully. While you can't expect the world of a 1.3mp camera, it does an admirable job at taking photos with decent sharpness, color detail, and clarity (see my "customer image"). I'd recommend shooting at the highest resolution and then resizing by 50% in a photo editor for optimal quality. You can also turn off the shutter sound, as well as take photos while the phone is still closed.Another great feature is the GPS navigation option. While the extra $10/month or $3/day seems pricey at first, it's well worth it. It's extremely handy when you're trying to find an address (especially in a city with hard to see street names). It'll also automatically recalculate your route on the fly if you miss a turn.Battery life is great, and you'll get several days of regular use out of it (talking, web surfing, etc) without having to recharge.On the downside, Verizon doesn't support much in the way of open standards- so you don't get any java programs/games, and can't run the full featured mobile gmail program or the opera web browser. That's by no means a dealbreaker though! I highly recommend this phone.

Well, my wife and I have had our LG VX83000s for over seven years now, and counting.  If you like to change phones often, don't get one of these.  They refuse to die.  After five years, my battery started to not hold a charge for more than a day or so.  I ordered a new battery on line, and now it will hold a charge for about three and a half days.  My wife did leave hers out in the direct sun on a hot day for several hours, and appeared to have fried the camera and display, but the display came back once the phone cooled down.  The camera did not.  I've dropped mine many times: it has the scars to prove it.  But it's held up very well.  I find the sound quality excellent, and all the features work well.  The little stereo speakers even put out a nice amount of volume and a reasonable sound balance if you cup your hand around it.I'd like to get a smartphone some day.  One day, if and when this phone gives up the ghost.  If ever.  Perhaps if I dropped it in salt water?

This is a tough phone, my son has gone tru so many phones and i finally found his match GREAT

These are the very first flip speaker flip phones we ever had in our home. My husband doesn't want a smart phone, he knows how to work this phone, it is a very good basic phone

It also plays your own movies. It's great as a phone, not a whole you can improve on there. Calls work fine, speakerphone, bluetooth, etc etc. But did you know this thing can play your own DVD, TV and home shows and movies? Do a search for LG VX8300 tips and you will find the instructions. It's fairly simple, convert your media to avi with pan and scan on, then convert to PG2 high quality on in QCIF format. You must use the QCIF format converter or the movie will be choppy and not play right. Then copy the new video file over to the phones 2GB micro card (which you bought right?) and there you go!Sure, the movie is small, but believe it or not its not bad at all for viewing and comes in handy when on the road, at a restraunt with food running late and your kid just needs a break to get off your nerves. I have half a dozen full length movies and tv shows on mine which take up about half of the 2GB card. Not bad!Other things that people don't touch on much on their reviews on this phone.The phones camera does have a movie mode, it will record movies as long as you have space on your external card. The video isn't that great, but works and records sound as well.Photos are decent enough, and on highest quality if you have the right lighting and a steady hand they can be good enough to be printed decently on a good inkjet at 4x6.Cons:- When you take a picture you have to select 'Save' after to save it. I hate this, just save it automatically and I'll delete it later. Same with movies. Its an extra unneeded step.- Needs more base ring tones, but since you can make your own and save it to the sd card to use its not a huge deal.- No Vibrate then Ring option

This phone was purchased for my husband who wants nothing to do with a smart phone. He's had this same model before and he loves it. The reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the texting buttons are hard to push therefore texts don't always say what he intended.

Have had several LG Phones and was satisfied with them. My old LG one just fizzeled out after 7 years.  This one drops calls and has a weak signal.  I cannot be in several areas of my home (which is in Metro Chicago) and receive a signal.  Every member of our household is a Verizon user and this phone is the only one which does not receive the signal.

I got this phone as a gift for my birthday. It is my first cell phone (never had much use for one), and it looks rather expensive. People have already noticed my phone and asked to look at it. The features are great and the setup was easy. I didn't consult my manual more than a couple of times. The only downside is the awful ringtones. I had to pay a couple of bucks and now my phone rings to AC/DC's "Back in Black."

Excellent service, phone looked great and works well. I recommend the provider and their products. Thanks for the work you did.

The LG VX8300 is the best phone I have ever owned.  Its features are outstanding and looks great.  I was a Sprint customer and dissatisfied with their lack of good phones--the signal/service, however, is pretty comparable at least where I live.The camera does have some trouble in low light, and the flash doesn't seem to help all that much.  The camcorder is a nice feature, and it will record as long as you wish if you have a MicroSD card.The MP3 player works well.  You can text yourself &lt;30 second MP3 ringtones (search on the web), but you can't use the MP3's on your MicroSD card as ringtones.  I have not gotten a stereo headset yet, but I plan to very soon.The speakerphone is clear, and I don't get any complaints from the other side.  However I do wish you could close the hinge and still talk on speaker.Battery life is great.  It can go a few days before needing a recharge, and that's if I use the MP3 player, speakerphone, etc.The menu is intuitive and easy-to-use, and you can select from six different display themes.  The buttons are raised and far enough apart that you can dial without looking.I have not tried Bluetooth yet.Overall, this is the phone I have been looking for.  The reception is great, and I have dropped perhaps one call in a very "dead" area.  I would and have recommended this phone to my friends and family.

The physical appearance of the phone is great but it won&#8217;t hold a charge and the ear piece doesn&#8217;t work.  If I need to talk on the phone I have to put it on speaker to hear whats being said on the other line.

I purchased this phone in August 2007 to replace a Motorola i730. So far, I like it pretty well. I wouldn't say it awesome or anything like that, but it's a good phone.My favorite feature is the camera. The pic quality seems to be good. I know it won't compare to a real camera so I won't even go there. I can't compare it to another camera phone 'cuz this is my first one. I like that you can take someones pic then have that pic come up on the screen when that person calls. I know it's old hat to most people, but it's new to me!The sound quality is great. It sounds clearer than the Motorola to me and to the people on the other end of the line. The ring tones sound very good as well.It has alot of ringtones to choose from, but of course I wanted to use downloads. They are now $3 ea thru Verizon so I chose to do it the "round-about" way. I purchased a USB cord to go with the phone and my husband used it to download songs from his MP3 that he cut down to 30sec. This was great because we got to decide what part of the song we wanted to hear.As far as making calls it is a bit more involved than my other phone. My old phone had a "shortcut" to call people that I've recently talked to. No matter what number they called from, I could still easily access a different number in their entry. I can't do that with this new phone. I have to actually go into the "Contacts" to call that person if I want a different number than what they last called from. It's easy enough to do, but it takes a while to get used to a new phone after so many years with the other one. If I want the same number they called from, it's really easy...just hit "Send" and it brings up the last numbers called.It's enabled with the VCast stuff, but I didn't get any of that...I just need a phone, not a TV. It has the Navigation, too...I haven't had to use it yet, but look forward to getting a bit lost one day so that I can (ha,ha!)It has LOTS of menus. Some may say that's a good thing, but not me. I still haven't figured out where everything is! Most of the stuff in the menus are the things I don't use. It gets frustrating sometimes when I'm trying to do something, but I can't remember where it's at so I have to go thru everything in there.Anyway...a good phone to have as a phone. Good camera when needed for that "oh how cute" moment with the kids. As for the "fluff" that comes with it, you'll just have to check out other reviews.

The phone was in mint condition, and it works great ! Very pleased with this purchase. I had my other phone for years, And I was so happy with that choice that is why I didn't want a different phone.

These are pretty awesome phones and I recommend this phone to any one that is looking to buy a simple flip phone, they are the best and I would buy another one.Thank You,Charles

Arrived on time , well packaged , great condition...still had factory protective plastic on inner & outerdisplay screens . Very pleased with this deal and would definitely recommend to friends .

So happy to find this phone!  My old LG AX5000 finally died after 10 years of service.  The VX8300 is a newer model, but is basically the same phone with a SIM card added.  If the 8300 gives me the same service I will be ecstatic.  All I want is a plain Jane, reliable phone.  If you are looking for no bells, no whistles; just a simple phone, this is it.  No wonder that a certain carrier stopped selling this style of phone, It's built solid as a tank and doesn't die after a year of use.  They can't sell contracts with this kind of phone.  (Unless you just want to have the latest technology).

Everything great. Shipped fairly fast; product was in perfect condition. My mother loves this phone--this was exactly like her old phone that died.

I have owned this phone for a little less than a week now.  I have spend the last two weeks agonizing over the decision of which phone to get, I finally decided to buy this one. First of all, the phone is great.  Calls are clear on my end and from what I hear, people say they can hear me fine.  I live in the middle of Pennsylvania, more deer than people, and my reception is near perfect where ever I go.  Contacts are easy to create and organize.  The voice dial is a little tricky but I really doubt I will invest the time needed to use it.  I am coming from an older motorloa v60s phone, which was about 5 years old and damn near industructible it was a great phone, but now I feel like I have joined the modern world.Now for the fun part of the review, the media features are great.  I have seen many reviews that complain about the fact that the phone can only play .wma files and that you had to manually change that through the special menu however, the newer versions of the phone are set up to play mp3s right of the bat without any tinkering.  The manual you get from Verizon says it can't play them but just ignore it.The camera is pretty good.  I wouldn't say stellar but for a phone, it's fine.  You really can't expect the world with a phone camera.  It's easy to take pictures and you can use the front screen as a viewer for taking self-portraits.  The video camera is pretty much the same.  With a micro SD card you can record as much as your card will hold instead of the standard 15 seconds.The battery life is good so far.  I have been playing with the phone non stop for 4 days and have yet to recharge it yet.The phone really takes on some awesome features if you are somewhat computer savvy and want to invest a little bit of time.  When I bought the phone, I got a 1gig microSD card, a bluetooth dongle for my cpu, and a microphone headset so I can listen to music and talk to people at the same time.  With BitPim you can easily make your own ringtones for free.  All you have to do is a little dragging and dropping and then bitpim does the rest, transfer them over to your phone and voila you have free better quality ringtones.  You can do almost anything with bitpim.  With a file converter you can convert any mpeg file to quicktime format and then you have movies on your phone.All in all it's a good phone, ok camera, great media platform, and ergonomically sound.  I am slightly concerned with its durability.  Coming from the old phone I had no cares in the world about durability, I dropped it on concrete and everywhere a normal phone would break.  I suspect that this phone can take some bumps and maybe one or two big ones, but after that I wouldn't hold out much hope for it.  I guess that would be how I would rate any phone now.  With as much technology packed into modern phones, they have to be sensitive and there isn't much room for error.  One thing I know is Samsungs flip both ways phone breaks at the drop of a dime, as my girlfriend will tell you.  Also, I know that no one should ever get the chocolate by LG.  My best friend inadvertently calls everyone in his contact list about twice a day, has already had to receive a new phone because it just stopped working, and they have no durability.Once again, this phone is a good buy at a good price.  I got mine for $50 from the verizon website.  It was worth spending a little more to go through Verizon to avoid hefty cancellation fees imposed by the place you buy it and then Verizon, also you get customer service perks that you can't get if you get your phone from Wal-Mart.  Good luck

When my previous phone broke I just wanted a phone that made calls. However, these days it's difficult to get a simple cell phone. I was originally afraid of getting a phone with so many features because the phone software becomes so complicated that the basic phone functions become problematic. A previous phone crashed more often than my computer operating system. Fortunately, this phone has lasted six months without any trouble.

I love this phone!!! The pics are awesome. This phone does everything, I am telling all my family and friends GO OUT AND GET ONE!! You will not be sorry,  I traded a Treo for this and I don't regret a thing. Super User Friendly!!!

This is the fourth cell phone I have had over the years.  I've previously had Samsung, Nokia, and NEC.LOOKThe phone is really nice.  It's a dark grey color.  Both screens are in color and everything is easy to read.  It has large buttons that are easy to push, too.RECEPTION/SERVICEI recently spent the weekend traveling all over Ohio and I had great service everywhere.  The phone connected every call quickly and never dropped a call.  I receive every call and text message that is sent my way.  Every caller is very clear and easy to hear.  The reception is fantastic.VOLUMEEvery phone I have ever had or ever talked on, I always wished I could turn it up louder.  The ringers were always too low even on max and the callers always seemed too quiet.  On this phone, I have to turn the volume down to medium.  If I turn it all the way up, I can still hear the caller loud and clear, I just need to hold the phone a foot away from my ear in order to avoid breaking it :).  So I love the fact that the volume is loud.  The ringtones are also super loud.  I can hear it ringing in my bedroom when I'm in the basement or in my car when I've got the music blasting.PHONEBOOKNew numbers are very easy to add.  You can go to your contact list and add a new contact that way.  You can type the number in like your going to dial it and save it that way.  Or you can go to your call list (dialed, received, or missed) and save a number from there.  You then type in the name, and you can save up to 5 numbers per entry.  You can set a speed dial, a group, a ringtone, a picture, and a text messaging alert for each contact.  You can type in a letter or a part of the name to access someone quickly.  It takes just one click to get into your list of contacts.TEXT MESSAGINGBy default, it is set to Abc (I hate it, but every phone is).  You can change it to Word (T9 predictive text), ABC, 123, or Symbols.  Sending a new text and responding to a text is very simple and easy to use.  You can also easily send pictures (and you can add sound to the pictures) or you can send a video clip.  All are very easy to do.  You can also send each text message to up to 10 different contacts.  Quite nice if you want to send out a bulk message!!CAMERAIt has a nice 1.3 megapixel camera.  The pictures look pretty good for coming from a phone.  You can change the shutter sound to: silent, normal shutter sound, ready 123, or say cheese!  It has a self-timer and a flash.  You can turn the flash on or off and it will remember your setting, you won't have to turn the flash on every time you want to use it.  You can the option to save or erase any picture you take.  The button to access the camera is on the right side of the phone.  Press once for camera and twice for video.  You can also adjust the white balance and the brightness as well as the resolution and color mode (color, sepia, b&w;, negative, solari, vivid.  There is also a night mode which you can set to on or off.  And you can decide if you want the front screen to also act as a camera.  Nice for taking self portraits!  And its really easy to save, send, and erase every picture.  When you go to view you pictures, they show up as tiny thumbnails so you don't have to deal with filenames and such, you can just see the picture.  But you can rename them if you wish.MUSICYes, this phone  can play MP3's.  Verizon will tell you that you can only play Window's Media Player files because they like to try to scam you for money.  Just go to menu, hit 0, enter all 0's  for the service code, and scroll down to 11. Music Setting. In there, select MP3 Enable.  Viola!  I got the Music Essentials kit which comes with a USB cable to hook your phone to your computer, the software you need, and headphones to use with your phone (regular ones won't work).  You can then upload MP3's onto your phone.  It has a forward, backward, and play/pause button on the front.  I haven't tried to use the MP3's as ringtones yet but that would be a very nice option.RINGTONESThey suck :).  But if you don't care about ringtones, then no big deal.  I really hope that you can put your MP3's on your phone and use them as ringtones.  Or there are website out there that let you make your own ringtones from your own MP3's.  I was too lazy and just paid the $2 a song for the stupid Verizon ones.  But the three that I got all sound great!CUSTOMIZATIONYou can set the clock to multiple different ways.  I set mine to digital because its really big and easy to read.  The wallpapers aren't too bad either.  I found one with bubbles getting big and little floating around and its pretty cool.  You can also customize the menu.  Mine is called "Pulse" and I love it.  It looks really really neat.  You can also change the color scheme.So.. you can change the front wallpaper, main wallpaper, front clock, main clock, display themes, front banner, main banner, and big font/normal font.  You can also change the power on/off sounds, alert sounds, and keypad volume.  You can also have a different ringtone for caller ID, no caller ID, restricted calls, and all calls.  Needless to say, you can basically customize the phone to look however you want.BATTERY LIFEI use my cell phone as an alarm, so I have it next to my bed everynight.  So I just plug it in while I'm sleeping.  I've never tried to let it go multiple days.  But it has a full battery at night unless I spent the day taking tons of pictures/videos.  I also have a car charger which is quite nice.OTHER FEATURESIt has three separate alarm clocks, that you can set to go off just one time, to go off daily, to go off Mon-Fri, or just on the weekends.  And you can set it to any ringtone.  It has a calendar with reminders, a world clock, voice commands, a notepad, a calculator, an EZ Tip Calculator, security (password protected), customizeable shortcuts, and more!CALLSWhile on the phone, you can access basically everything on your phone.  You can access your contact list and the menu.  So I suppose you could send a text message while on the phone if you really wanted to!  You can also record while on the phone and listen to it later.  Or possibly send it as an attachment to a pix message.SPEAKERPHONEIt is loud and easy to hear.  I'll drive with the phone on my lap while chatting on speakerphone and I can hear the caller great and the caller can hear me great.  It's a nice feature and there is a button on the phone to turn it on and off.  An icon shows up on the bottom of both screens when speakerphone is on so you won't accidently have speakerphone on and not know it.I basically spent countless hours researching every single phone Verizon had to offer.  So many phones had so many complaints and this one seemed to have the least amount of them.  We bought 4 of them, one of each person in our family, and I got my boyfriend one too.  All 5 of us love the phones.  The buttons are big and easy to push, the phone is very attractive, the reception is fantastic, the volume is very loud, and the phone is very simple to navigate while having a lot of cool features, including a nice 1.3 megapixel camera!!  The removeable memory is also a nice feature, as well as buttons for the camera, volume up/down, and the voice commands!!Don't waste time browsing other phones or trying out a cheapie -- they are no good, I've been there.  Even my boyfriend (who is 24) and swore he'd never get a cell phone cuz he hated them loves it.:::::::UPDATE:::::::*I am still loving the phone.  I have figured out how to default T9 (Word) text, or whatever else you'd like defaulted.  I have also purchased a 1 gig microSD card.  I just stuck the card into the adaptor and stuck that into my computer.  Transferred some songs and pictures and had them all on my phone! Why buy the LG Chocolate when the VX8300 can play MP3's too?  My only real complaint is the lack of a service light.  I have no idea if I have a missed  call, a voicemail, a msg, etc without lighting up the phone.  But in comparison to the other availabilities, it is a minor flaw.  Every other detail of this phone way surpassed every other phone on the market.  I wouldn't trade it for anything.

I had ordered this cell phone as a replacement for a different cell phone. So far this cell phone has taken quite a few falls and even without a protector of any kind it still is functioning perfectly and still keeps a charge for a long time. Now, the only part of this that may be a bit expensive is the Verizon service, but that is another story entirely.

ITS A NICE PHONE EASY TO USE BUT VERY BAD BATTERY LIFE YOU HAVE TO CHARGE IT EVERY NIGHT!!

It works very good and was in good condition . I will order again if I need any more items for my phone.

This product was perfect. Exactly as descripted, arrived with free shipping in just 4 days, and is in very good condition for it's reasonable price. I was very set on this exact model phone, and this whole transaction was perfect! The seller was very helpful with the only question I had (about the security lock code-- if anyone runs into this problem, try the last four digits of the previous phone number which should be under 'my name card') and got back to me extremely promptly. Definitely recommend!!!!

great phone.. Just what I was looking for. Thanks for sending so quickly. It is exactly what I was looking for.

No longer have and didn't last long. The volume had issues so got rid of it and replaced with new phone

I've used this phone for a year. Everything works as when I first received it including the battery, while my wife's Nokia6236i had completely failed.

I go this phone in Jan 2007, not the best phone of it's day but the most functional.  Compact, SOLID, easy to use (though texting does take a while), photo quality of the time was pretty good, too.  The battery life was tremendous, if you didn't live on the phone it was stay charged for 3-4 days.  One hand operation was the best ever.But just last Friday (the 13th) I was strong armed by my wife to get an iPhone 5C.  I know this thing has a learning curve and I will grow to love it but handling the damn thing is like juggling crystal glasses.  The 8300 could be used as a hockey puck and work just fine at the end of the day.  And the battery life on the 5C is a joke, about a day and a half!  That includes having it off at night!!I'll miss my 8300, but the moment the 5C breaks the 8300 will be reactivated.Joe

Bought one last year new and it's held up great.  I've dropped it more times than I can count and keeps on ticking.  If your looking for a good, basic phone I'd recommend it.

This is the best phone I have had in a long time. I would give it five stars except for one reason. The sound is not the greatest in the world. I went to listen to my messages with the speakerphone and I got a really tinny sound and the same for when it plays music. I thought something was wrong with the speakers but I went to the store and found the display model was the same. You know when you leave a glass on top of a large speaker and you turn up the speaker and the glass rattles with the music? That is what the sound is like when turned up. Otherwise I found nothing wrong with this phone and it has everything you might ever need or use.  Watch videos on it and great camera!! Take long videos too and transfer then with a micro SD card. Make sure you get a Micro SD card that has an adapter to a regular sized SD card. I love this phone!!! One minor thing. If you get the Car Charger check it before you leave the store to make sure it is a good fit and does not move around. I got one and had to return to Verizon Wireless the next day to get one that was okay. It was the cord not the phone that was the problem. You will love this phone if you get it !!!!!!!!

I ordered this for one of the doctors I work with as a 24 hr customer line. It is in almost new condition and it works great!

We have had 4 of these LG 8300 phones since June. The call reception quality has been POOR as compared to my older Motorola E815. I never had a problem using my E815 anywhere in my house, going to town etc. But thesxe LG8300 phones constantly cut out, drop calls in the same locations. We've taken them back to Verizon for the V04 software upgrades which are supposed to help with reception but doesn't as far as I'm concerned. I WANT A PHONE FOR A PHONE, THE BEST PHONE, I have a digital camera, if I want a MP3 player I'll buy one. AGAIN I want a PHONE for a PHONE and want it to be the best, if that is what you want DON'T BUY LG especilally the LG8300. Now we're stuck for 2 years with inferior reception with these LG8300 phones. I would have gotten more Motorola E815 phones but Verizon no longer sells them, pitty, it was the best phone for a phone I ever had.

My old phone lasted 6 years and I loved it.  I am not ready for a smart phone and didn't want all the bells and whistles.  Just a plain old flip top phone.  This is it and I love it.

Fast shipping.  No complaints.I'd give 5-star review but this phone hangs up when I try to establish blue tooth headset connection.  I'm certain I can't return or exchange it at this late hour so I guess I'll have to deal with it or just get another.

Very pleased with quality of product. Just needed a phone to make and receive calls to replace the one I lost without what I consider the extra bells and whistles. Though this phone has internet capability I have not accessed it because I don't have the need for it. Phone arrived in brand new condition with plastic protection on the covers and even though it is refurbished it appears spotless. Good choice.

Best customer service I have received in a long time. They made sure the phone and charger made it on time, gave me a 30 day warranty to make sure that it worked, and fixed a problem right away. I would recommend this phone company to anyone buying a new or used phone

First of all, I ordered the phone for my husband who is in poor health.  he needs a phone with him at all times because he is alone while I work.  it is essential that he has a phone that is dependable. When we got the phone, the charger that was with it, did not fit so we couldn't charge it.  I called and was surprised when i actually got a real person's vm.  and was very surprised that i got a call back within minutes.  He was very nice and asked some questions then let me know he was sending another charger immediately.  few days later it came.  the phone was scratched up a bit but it was an older model.  My husband can't use the new smart phones as his hands shake and is almost impossible for him to use a touch screen.  he needs a phone with larger #'s.  the next  charger was a little better.  i could at least get it plugged in.  but no matter how long it charged, as soon as you took it off, within minutes it would beep low battery and turn off.  No good to us at all.  I had to go back to his old phone and pray it won't fail him.  I was extremely disappointed.  I didn't call back yet to see if there is anything that can be done.  We chalked it up to a lesson learned.  i won't try this again or recommend anyone else to either.

I got this after she tried to use an android phone. She wanted to go back to a regular flip phone. This is the one I chose for her and she loves her new phone. She is even learning to text on it. Finally!

I just replaced my old Samsung a670 flip phone with this one.  I loved the size and style of the Samsung, and the LG seemed to be a knock-off in the style, which I liked.  The LG has pretty much the same keys and layout, but with many more features.  The music player is the biggest advantage.  It's a solid phone, that can take a beating.  It is a bit ugly, but acceptable.  The speakerphone works great, as well as the voice command system, which does not require you to record people's names in your voice.  You can operate just about any feature of the phone by voice command.

I had to buy a cheap replacement phone for my husband was cheaper here than in the store without setting up a new contract. great buy and still is lasting

The phone is okay, It just was not the phone that was advertised. I received a VX8100 not a VX8300.

The phone came in great condition, it looks brand new even though it's refurbished.  The only problem is the battery that came with it will only work while the phone is plugged into the charger.  I wonder if this company will replace it since it's refurbished?  Great phone, bad battery.  Luckily I have an extra one since I have owned this phone before.  Hopefully it lasts since I had that phone for 5 years.  If they fixed this problem I would give it 5 stars

If you're looking for a top-notch piece of equipment that is first and foremost a good phone, but doesn't sacrifice some fun features, this is the way to go.  I spent quite a bit of time comparing this with the Motorola RAZR V3m, and decided on the LG for some very key reasons: 1. Better battery life 2. Brighter screen (though smaller than RAZR) 3. Camera WITH flash (not great, but it's there) 4. More comfortable key pad 5. Externally accessible MicroSD slotThe above elements combined with the fact that, hey, the RAZR isn't that "cool" anymore since everyone's grandmother now has one, led me to go LG.  After also owning a Motorola V330 GSM phone that I did like, I am so far more impressed with LG's quality.The VX8300 is a little large compared with some phones these days, but it feels a bit more durable than phones like the RAZR and KRZR.  The gun-metal gray is also a very stylish color.I have not found any cons to this phone yet, though many people complain about Verizon's propriety operating system and locking out some basic features of the phone.  These things don't matter to me, as pictures and videos can easily be PIX messaged off the phone or saved to the MicroSD card (which you will have to purchase separately).Now, if you're all into ring tones, wallpapers, etc., this phone or Verizon in general, may frustrate you.  However, if you want a good product with good features and excellent reception and sound quality as well as ring volume, I strongly recommend this phone.And buying from Amazon is the way to go, particularly if you want a one-year contract without getting penalized on the price of the phone.Also, my encounters with Verizon customer service have so far been excellent, and I have not waited on hold for long when I've called.Note: Be prepared for a large first-time bill if you do buy a Verizon phone from here.  They will charge you for a partial period starting the day the transaction goes through, then a full month in advance in addition to your activation fee, if it isn't waived.

I was fairly pleased with the phone I recieved, there were a few scratches but it works great! Absolutely love it!

My husband loves this phone, thank you for having it available. Delivery was perfect. My husband cannot use a newer smart or  IPhone (too technical) So this phone so it is perfect for him!

It work as expected for a new phone.  All my contacts and  pictures transferred.  This is far less expensive than a new mobile  phone and is ideal for me as I don't need a &#34;smart&#34; phone.

phone arrived timely but battery will not charge and/or charger device is not connecting well to charge phone.  Bought this for elderly parent, who has to switch back to old, damaged phone within one week.  product quality not good.

my son loves this phone it doesn't have any internet or apps on it but he loves the fact he can listen to his music.

If you are looking to save $30-40 a month on your Verizon bill here is the solution to that quest. If you are really looking to save money you should move to a provider that has much lower monthly data fees. At Verizon you are basically making a "lease" payment for the rest of your life with them to have a new phone every 2 years. That is why you magically can upgrade a "free phone"anyway that is maybe more than what you need to know. but if you are looking to buy a phone in Amazon for Verizon its very likely because you dont want to sign a new 2 year contract which even if you dont you are still paying to get a free phone. All you are doing is paying for a fee you are not really getting a new phone.

This phone works well and was in great condition. Seller shipped quickly and all that was advertised was included.  It's a simple, sturdy, phone that is easy to use and charges quickly. It is holding up well so far and I am very happy with it.

I recently switched from t-mobile to verizon because my husband always complained about my phone, and how he couldn't understand me.  He was looking for a second phone in addition to his nextel, so we decided on verizon because of their excellent coverage area, and we got a large shared plan. I chose this phone based on it's great reviews, and I finally have everything I've ever wanted in a phone.  Here are some things I love:You can assign a caller ID picture and it shows up on the outside display too!Everything is very customizable, from colors and displays, wallpapers and sounds.I can assign a different ringtone to anyone I want, and it sounds amazing.The camera works really well, and it also has lots of options to change brightness and quality.The menu was different than I was used to, but I think in the end it's actually more user friendly.The audio quality of phone calls is outstanding!  everyone can hear me, and I can hear them.I've made one call to verizon tech support with a question, and it was the best call I've ever made to a customer support center. The person was friendly, helpful, and did a perfect job helping me with several issues.Here is my one compaint.  I was told in the store that I could get on verizon wireless online and download ringtones to my phone. Not true.  On this phone you have to access the Get It Now ringtones through the phone and browse them that way.  All this and it uses up your airtime minutes while doing so. I could browse music for hours before I find what I want in a ringtone, and I was not happy about having to use my minutes to do so.  Plus it is so much harder to do all that on a phone as opposed to on a computer.  Just another way for verizon to make a buck I guess.  My solution?  Make my own ringtones. If you have any audio editing software, you can take an mp3, select a small clip of it, save it that way, and then email it to your phone. When you open the message you can choose as an option to save it as a ringtone! It's great!  I think you can even use voice recordings as ringtones.So in conclusion, I love this phone, and I just hope I continue to get good service with Verizon, and that I continue to find ways around the things I don't like.UPDATE:  I've read that not everyone with this phone is able to make and recieve ringtones in this way.  Apparently verizon had disabled the phones capability to play mp3's.  Yet my phone, as well as some others who have it are able to play mp3s.  Weird.  I guess I lucked out.

Page Plus Deals advertised this phone as being NEW. I received it and it was nothing close to new. It had a big scratch across the screen, it also had a very rough painted back. It was suppose to have th LG & Verizon logo on it, it did not! I emailed the company and told them of this. They appologized and said they would send me out a new one. I received the new one only to see that it too did not have the LG & Verizon logo, there was make-up in the buttons and the back had been painted over.IF YOUR GOING TO ADVERTISE SOMETHING AS NEW, IT BETTER BE NEW OTHERWISE ADVERTISE IT AS REFURBISHED SO THAT THE CUSTOMER KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE GETTING.

When the phone arrived the battery had been exposed to water (pink dots). and would not hold a decent charge

I just switched to Verizon after using Nextel and the i730 phone for the last two years. I purchased the LG VX8300 phone after quite a bit of research. Both here and on other websites. This is my 3rd cell in the last 4 years and my 2nd flip phone.Overall I am very impressed with the performance of the 8300. Every phone has some features that are not liked or are not implimented well, but I believe that the majority of the people that select this phone will end up liking this one.Reception/Clarity of Call: I would say that it is good to very good. Verizon to Verizon calls seem to be clearer than other calls. Land line calls tend to come in very clear while cell calls tend to be slightly broken up at times. Reception in my area (Tampa, FL) seems very good. I generally get service in areas that I didn't before with Nextel. I was also advised that Verizon users should perform a Cell Tower update every month by punching *228 and selecting option #2 since this gets you the latest tower mappings. Option #1 will perform software updates, however, I have no idea if these will over write any hack's that people make to their phones. As a phone, this gets a 8 on a scale of 10.Ease of Use: I would rate this at about a 7 on a scale of 10. The manual is not written to enable you to get started quickly. It took me a few days before I figured out that the CLR button is the back button for the menu system. Knowing that really helps alot. The menus are well layed out and the options very clear. The buttons on the phone seem big enough and are easy to depress. The phone seems solid, but light. Overall construction seems sturdy. The LCD screens are very clear.As a MP3 player: It's no iPod. The sound is satisfactory, but not great. Most people should be satisfied though to use it as an emergency player. Those of us that have MP3 players are still going to use them, but in a pinch or if you are caught somewhere without your MP3 player this is a good alternative. If you plan to use this feature at all you definately need to pickup the Music Essentials kit and the microSD card. There just isn't enough on board memory to hold many songs. BTW, using this as a MP3 player drains the battery quickly.Battery: I have what I would consider to be light cell phone usage. I get roughly 10-20 mins of calls on my cell every day except on weekends. So my total talk time is roughly 1 to 1.5 hours a week. Playing even a few songs or browsing the web drains the battery quickly. I estimate that I get about 2-3 days between charges with this usage. This is pretty much on par with what I got on my older i730 and my old candy bar phone.VCast: When I purchased my phone (Aug 2006), you got one month free of Vcast service if you selected VCast when you purchased the phone. The VCast service also encludes Web Service (which you can purchase separately if you don't get VCast for $5/Mth). My original plan was to only try the service and kill it after the 1st month, but I decided to keep it after the 1 month trial. VCast DOES use your airtime minutes, so if you find that you use this feature a lot, then you might want to upgrade your plan. I use mine about 10 minutes a day to pull down news clips, weather reports and sports clips. It's a great way to use unused minutes toward the end of the month so long as your careful not to leave yourself to close to the end of your minutes and go into overages. I had the web service on Nextel, but hardly used it. With VCast, I also find that I use the Web service as well. For me, it's worth the extra money.As a camera: It's no great shakes as a camera. But for occassional use (taking a picture of a item in the store to later show to your spouse or taking a picture of some problem to show to a service man) it's fine. You can also take short video clips, but again other than for embarrassment/cute effect, it's not all that great.Customer Support: I found CS to be very, very good. Everyone was very polite, cheerful and helpful. I do suppose that some of this was due to the fact that I was a new customer, but overall I would have to say that Verizon's support people were excellent to work with.Accessories: No real Must have's. Some accessories that you might want are the music Essentials kit (mainly for the USB to PC cable) and a microSD card (purchased on the web for $40). The extra storage on the SD card is essential if you plan to either use the camera function or to play music. Bluetooth headset if you need to be able to use your phone without having to use your hands. Holster or belt clip if you don't like having your phone in your pocket. Extended Battery if you talk in excess of 60 minutes a day and use the phone as a music player or play games on the phone.Negatives: Not many, and most of them are minor. The rubber covers that cover the headset port/usb/power port are not attached to the phone so when you remove them they are easy to get lost. My old i730 phone had these covers attached to the phone so you could easily replace them when you were not using the ports. The phone tends to get slightly warm after about 10 minutes of use. It's not uncomfortable, but you do notice it. If you have the phone flipped open and recieve a call, you get two screen options, quiet and ignore. Pressing either disconnects the call. You have to press the SEND key to take the call, not exactly intuitive. The phone has a option for large fonts, but they are only available when you send text messages and type in phone numbers. You are stuck with the smaller font for the contact list which is fine if you don't have a problem with farsightedness and don't have your glasses on. Font size on both LCD windows are also quite small. The phone has a limited set of ringtones, 9 are bell variations and 6 are song variations and none of them are that good. If your not fussy about ringtones, you should find at least one that is okay. If you are, you are not going to be happy with the default set. As I mentioned the manual is not great, it takes some effort to find some answers. For example, there was no picture or mention on how the microSD card is inserted in the phone (it turns out you insert it upside down). So be careful when putting your card in the slot. The card is fragile and you don't want to force it.Hope this helps someone.

I agree with most of the comments by other users here.The one area with which I have had problems is the voice command function.I bought this phone for my wife to use while she commutes to work 40 miles each way on the interstate highway. I wanted voice command so she could use it "hands-free".  I bought her a bluetooth ear piece for this purpose, also.Since I am my wife's "IT support", when we got the phone home, I set up the bluetooth and tested it using voice commands to call my home phone and one other contact.  This seemed to work fine.Now, however, when my wife uses voice command, the software hardly recognizes any of her commands.  My wife does not have any kind of accent, nor do any of her contacts have difficult-to-pronounce or weirdly-spelled names.  One of the ones it has problems with is "Ed".  No last name, just "Ed".When I try it, the voice command works perfectly, including "Ed".  Verizon tech support told me it was because I was the first voice the phone heard when voice command was used for the first time.  I don't know if this is true (It wouldn't be the first time I have gotten bogus information from any tech support.)There is the ability to train the Voice Command in the Tools-Voice Command-Settings menu, so she did that and now it works better, but still not as well as it does for me.Therefore, I would caution users to not test the Voice Command software for the first time if you are not the primary user of the phone.

I've had this phone for about 9 months now and overall it is a very good phone. Service and call quality is good (sometimes I don't get calls). One thing I hat however is the now generic Verizon interface. It is boring and the menu color schemes look bad. However, the camera in this phone is great considering it is on a phone. Most of my pics are clear and once cleared up on Photoshop, come out great. The build quality of the phone is slightly above average. I have dropped it numerous times and today it fell in a pool. After all of this it still works. The two build problems I have are that dust is getting inside the screens, and rarely used buttons are wearing out.  However, a few of my friends have had this phone longer than me and have never had these problems. Even though this is a great phone, I will probably turn to Cingular when my contract ends just because of the better phones I can use with Cingular(most verizon phones are flimsy pieces of garbage). Anyway, if you're in the market for a midrange phone with some unique styling and want to use Verizon, this is a great example.

Works great, and for hearing damage, the speaker mode works great.  I would recommend this for someone looking for a non data plan phone when bluetooth is desired.

VX6100, take a hike! Time for a new phone! After some browsing of online reviews and whatnot, I finally decided on the VX8300 for my new phone from Verizon.BOY that was a smart choice!First of all, all the old LG accessories - like chargers and data cables - are 100% compatible with the new VX8300. You don't need a "music essentials kit" if you want to play music. You can either use an old modified USB data cable from an old LG phone, or you can transfer songs onto a MicroSD card using a reader. You don't need to buy tones or wallpapers, just use Bluetooth (or again, USB) and BitPim just like you did with the old LG phones. You don't need to spend money emailing camera photos either, just use the MicroSD card and the phone's "storage" menu to transfer between your internal memory and the MicroSD card.The "LG Handfree Stereo Headset for the LG Chocolate and other compatible LG handsets" (search for: B000HZZIGO) is the perfect companion to this phone. It, plus headphones (NOT earbuds, blech!) are 100 times superior to the Music Essentials Kit. It, plus a tape adapter, is all the handsfree car kit you would ever need - the phone has a built-in echo canceler for full duplex car-stereo speakerphone operation, even in the oldest of cars. Phone rings while it's playing your music through the stereo, you push the button, and when you hang up, it goes right back to music automatically.I didn't even know it had an MP3 limitation. I did have a problem putting my MP3s on the phone at first, but it turns out that was because it didn't like MP3s with long ID3V2 tags (esp. tags with cover art embedded). It plays MP3s fine as long as you remove the ID3V2 tags (I use Mp3tag to remove ID3V2 tags and leave ID3V1). Otherwise you get the dreaded "Unable to play" message. It does support WMAs of course, and I found that WMA offers better compression as well as cover-art tagging (shows the cover image while the song plays, hello iPod!), so I converted most of my on-phone music to WMA and added JPEG cover art - I saved a lot of space with that.The speakers are great. The phone is incredible. If you get VZ Navigator, a very worthwhile investment, you have the world's best navigation system in your hands. It can get you from point A to point B with pinpoint accuracy, and never miss a turn either. Forget buying a navigation system, just use VZ Navigator! It costs a little extra... like 10 bucks for a "subscription" (not sure what that implies) plus some airtime. Still haven't looked at the bill to see what all it ended up costing.Without a doubt the best phone LG has made to date. Better than Chocolate. Verizon tried to skimp on features and chop this phone down to size but they failed miserably at ruining it, so their loss is your gain! Grab one. Seriously.Oh... and that modification I mentioned earlier? Just cut out the center bump in older LG cables, the bump that prevents you from plugging it in. The wiring is identical. I think it was just a marketing trick to get you to buy new accessories. Your old car charger will work, your old data cable will work, your old car kit should work too if you're so inclined to have one. Talk about a dirty trick!

I bought this phone for my husband as it wanted some basic and easy to operate. He seems to like it.

I bought this phone just yesterday. Like most others was totally floored when i first saw it but I did not know what was in store.First things first. A phone has to be phone first. This phone will not pick signal even on the interstate. I stay in proper Atlanta and hence the signal especially from verizon should never have been a problem. Its been 12 hours + and I still dont have  a signal. I am returning this phone to get something more basic and useful.All the cons are as follows:1) Also THE PHONE IS TOP HEAVY! A person with small hands will find it difficult to operate the side buttons. The font on hte main screen is small.2) The font is small for the screen. Cannot make is large enough for those who are used to seeing cell phone for time.3) Pathetic ringtones.4) Not many short cutsI was using a Nokia before and that phone is intelligently designed.

So I'm pseudo-techno-geek. I love the tech, but ultimately give into the practicality.  That said, I needed a new phone for work and the geek in me immediately was drawn to a myriad of phones that had good gadgets (mp3, camera/video playback, bluetooth, etc..). The more I looked, the more I had to prioritize my needs.  I wanted a phone that had good clear connections and had MAN-BUTTONS!Pros:-Good sized, easy to use buttons-Average call quality-Average menu setup-Includes 1.3 mp cam/video-Ability to onboard video to the camera...but if this is important, go with a 240x320 display phone (like the Cingular 2125). Res is too low on this phone to be pleasing to the eye.-Limited Bluetooth (can't move files)-Can play music-External speakersCons-Need to do 'special code' to activate use of MP3's.-Poor music file management and access.-Can't use speaker phone while it's flipped close...ever.-Video quality is poor.-Limited Bluetooth (can't move files)Over all I'm very happy with Amazon's excellent pricing and service in getting this phone to me. Verizon's service so far has been solid. The phone is just about everything I expected, but I'll probably upgrade in a year something jazzier.[...]

Cell phone works great, fortunately time wasn't an issue. Was sent the wrong model initially, seller was quick to respond, but it still took extra shipping time, the AC charger that came with it was inoperable, once again seller was quick to make it right. Both phone and charger work fine.

when you pressed on one letter, you often got another letter that was next to it.  I talked with a verizon representative and he said it was not rewired correctly when it was refurbished.

I paid for overnight shipping and a month has past and still no phone. Really? The phone I did get does has cracks and it was ordered new. Not happy with my order at all.

tried the razor max. Cool! lots of features, BUT sound on the LG is far superior to any others I tried. I'm hard of hearing and the LG allows me to take calls in the car and other places where the newer phones would not cut it. Speaker phone is the key

Our purchase arrived immediately(one day). The product was all we expected, good quality.  The only minus was no instruction booklet included.

This is a great phone with lots of extras.  The other reviews are correct, the speakers are loud and clear.  You do need a special adapter or special headphones to listen to music.  You can get certain blue tooth headsets that will allow you to listen to the music through them.The main reason why I wanted to write a review is because you do not have to pay for verizon's music to listen to it on the phone.  A Verizon Wireless store will upgrade the phone to the newest firmware version and you can play MP3s.  Then you can use a MicroSD card with MP3s on it.

You will see an error message that genuine batter is required.  I checked solutions suggested in websites but nothing worked.  It was a waste.  I won't buy a cheap Korean phone again.  It sucks!

My phone broke and i liked the same exact one so i bought it and it came within 2 days

Basic phone for my mentally and physically impared family member to use easily.Fits in clothing pocket; easy to open with one hand.

not sure why because first time i bought this phone lasted me over 3 years..The one i bought here only lasted a month .Would freeze up and sometimes couldnt even get it to turn on.

first off Ronald is 100% wrong on the MP3 function.YOU do need to purchase from VCAST or buy the kit. you can purchase a Micro SD card and a card reader. then transfer the songs to the card. OR you can purchase a data cable (look on ebay for them cheap) and transfer them.i suggest getting a card reader. it is far faster.as for the ringtones yes there are only a few. but do a search on the phone and there are sites that show you how to make a MP3 ringtone and put it on the SD card.I LOVE this phone. just need to get myself a good bluetooth headset and some headphones.

This phone was what was advertised.The battery would not work with the phone, though.  I contacted the seller and he sent me a new battery within 2 days.  The new battery worked and I am happy with my purchase.

I got this phone a week ago and love it.  Intuitive menus, easy to hear, good reception.  I wonder if some of the negative reviews here are even about the same phone.  I know reception is very  place specific but this phone has reception better than my old Samsung 650.  The menus are very intuitive.  I love to be able to take pictures wherever I am and assign photos to my contacts.

I have no issues with the phone's performance, except for the quality of the camera's pictures.  They are horrible. You have to be in the perfect light, the subject has to be completely still, and you might get a half-way decent picture. But most of the pics I have taken have been horrible and I didn't save 80% of them, they were just too blurry.

I needed a simple phone for travel in my car. Works great. I dont have to worry about losing this phone.

First of all if you have an unlimited budget for the cell and can afford all-inclusive service plan don't read any further. Otherwise my experience will hopefully be helpful. Also, as it is Verizon-only-compliant cell phone it'd be fair to evaluate VX8300 and Verizon together.- In general the phone seems to be ok but calls do occasionally drop.- Menu has some hidden/intrusive options i.e. you press the wrong button you get charged.- Bluetooth functionaly is converted to Verizon's needs. There's no conformance to the Standard.- Be aware of Verizon plans - no rollover minutes, free national in-calling turned out to be valid for calls from other verizon customers only- customer service is ok at least you don't spend a lot of time on hold but non of the problems were ever resolved.Pros:- Sleek design- Micro SD card slot- Camera- Reception (yes, so far it's better than T-Mobile or Cingular).Cons:- Verizon's service plans, surcharges and inability to understand that 1.99$ per ringtone looks not just pure funny but shows the company treats its customers as retards.- Intrusive menu- Cramped bluetooth- multiple hidden codes and locks in various phone menus.Summary- always read the small print!- quest for the perfect cellular provider continues.

the only reason I gave this item 4 instead of 5 stars is because I wish a users manual came with it.  I was able to find a manual on line to figure some things out, so everything is fine now.  It doesn't hold a charge as long as my other LG flip phone, but I like all the other features better.  All in all, a good buy!

This is my first phone and it's great!  It is a little confusing to use sometimes but after having it for about a week you get used to it.  The battery last a long time as well although it can get hot so I would not recomend having it on all the time.  My dad has bad hearing but even he can hear when it rings from the next room.  The voice command is a little messed up but I can deal with that.  The camra isn't all that great but it works and the services is good considering I live out in the middle of no where.  Getting music isn't as easy as some make it out to be.  You have to be in certain areas in order to get songs big cities mainly.  Overall its a great phone.

Very good phone, if your not into the big bulky smart phones. Best flip phone you could get! So, buy it now! :)

I bought this phone as an upgrade to the LG VX6100 from Verizon.  I liked the color, style and size of the phone but after using it for a little over 2 months, the call quality and reception are very disappointing.  I hardly ever dropped calls in my second floor apartment building with the 6100, but with the 8300 I am dropping calls like crazy.  People are trying to call me and many times the phone doesn't even ring..I just hear the chime that a call was missed after it goes into voicemail.  Also I experience dropped calls frequently with the Bluetooth headset.  Some other things I don't like is that the external display window goes dark as soon as the flip is opened to make a call, so you can't see the time.  The speakephone is loud enough but when it reaches a certain volume the phone vibrates and rattles so you end up having to keep it at a rather low volume.  Keypad is nice, internal screen is very clear and bright.  I don't know about the MP3 player and memory card since I haven't got around to messing with it.  I am seriously considering selling this phone on eBay and trying a Samsung instead.

My dad on a recent trip accidently washed his cell phone. When he returned home we went to our local cell phone store to replace it and we were told that it was way too expensive to replace and that we should check on Amazon. Now why didn't we think of that? We found exactly what we were looking for at a great price and it came with great service too. You saved the day!!

I love this phone.  When my mom finally agreed to start carrying around a cell phone she wanted basic.  I still had this phone left over and when I called to hook it up, Something was wrong with it.  So I bought the replacement and it is so durable.  The most compact and easy phone to use.  She just loves it.

This is a great phone! Fully functional and came with battery and charger.  Definitely worth the price.  Good speaker quality, too.

Well, this little phone did not perform at 100%.  Could not hear other the other person's conversation and they could not understand mine as well. so we had to find another. dont know if we have a warranty or not.

I just got this phone in the mail today. In less than 5 minutes from opening the box I had the phone activated and called a friend. If you know how to use and activate phones it's very easy to start using the phone. I Love the menus, options etc. Overall, I can see I'm going to love it way more than the phone I upgraded from, which was two years old, and I loved that phone too!

Phone was just used as a replacement until new phone could be purchased.  It was ok.  It was a described.  Good price.
