
Pros(+)  Has great browser and screen resolution.  If you want to have the coolest new gadget on the block - this is the toy for you.  The bandwidth on the Sprint network is great during the day, sometimes slower at night.(+)  POP email access is great.  Unfortunately my company does not have an Exchange server setup for the Palm.  Only the Blackberry platform is supported internally. My personal email works great though.(+) Speakerphone function works fine.Cons( - )  Dropped calls.  In the two weeks I've been using the thing, I've had a few of dropped calls that I normally would not with my old phone in the coverage areas I've been in.( - ) Random system reboots.  This is very irritating - the very reason I don't have a microsoft OS - rebooting - is now plaguing me with this Treo.  It hasn't resulted in data loss but it seems like only a matter of time.( - ) Phone dialing lag.  There is a 2-3 second lag in the response time of the phone when you are dialing from the contact manager.  Not a huge deal but it does give me the impression that I'm using a PDA device that emulates being a phone as opposed to a phone that has PDA functionality.  This was the most obvious.(-) Motorola bluetooth headpiece connection is lousy.  There is a 2-3 second delay between the time I hit connect on the headset and the time the headset actually connects.  I don't know if the blame lies with the Treo or the headpeice but I suspect it's the Treo.  This coupled with the small delay in actually dialing contacts from the Treo makes using the phone seem much more complicated and cumbersome than worth it in the coolness of it all.1.  Press one button to activate phone from standby mode2.  Press keyguard button to unlock phone3.  Press screenpad to goto Contacts screen4.  Type a few letters of the contacts last name5.  Press dial/select button - wait a few seconds6.  Press connect button on headset - wait a few seconds7.  Call is connected.  Sometimes I'm fearing that the person has already picked up.This is the main reason I'm returning the Treo.  I need a reliable phone and PDA.  The combination of the two is lacking in my eyes.  If I had to have an all in one device, this one would probably be my choice (I have co-workers using the Blackberry) but I'll be using my old sprint phone and be on the lookout for a reasonably priced PDA.

Use the old Kyocera 6035 palm phone since 2000 and finally upgrade to the new Treo 650 this afternoon because I need it a change. The Treo 650 is very bright in color, taking pictures, video, browse the web, playing MP3, viewing JPGs and use Bluetooth to sync with my T42 very quickly. But is this design with the user in mind to use as phone?? Maybe, I list the reason below6035 come standard with voice dial feature650 is a fee service from Sprint6035 come standard speed dial feature650 there is none6035 has the voice mail button and one click will get me to the voice or text message650 does not appear to have one, maybe I can program a button?6035 can select one or all calls in the call history log to delete or mange the logs650 can only select one at time, get ready for a hand massage if you have few thousand calls in the call history and try to find someone.6035 has a single list contact so you can navigate to the name quickly650 show all phone number in every contact, you can get to your contact in few minutes if you got lucky.I can write on 6035 instead of using the QWERTY key650 be prepare an external keyboard if you have to input lots of numbersThe only thing that I'm consider to keep this phone because of Bluetooth dialup which still up in the air. But if my work requires me to get a config for my customer, I can be ready anywhere in the Sprint PCS network. Time will tell if Sprint keeps their promise.The reason that I had a palm phone because of the convenience to use the contact and dial the person right away. But now it takes lot longer for me to make call which take away this advantage.For $600, I think there should be a Microsoft Office reader but there is none, Acrobat reader? Noo, None of my old game works because the buttons are missing and no games come with it either. I have an older Toshiba e335 pocket PC that I can do everything Treo 650 can do plus games, writing reorganization, MS office reader, Acrobat reader and games to kill some time for under $150. Well, expect can not make phone calls.Call me old fashion, but maybe someone can tell me how others use this as a phone and think this is the best phone ever? I waited almost 5 year to upgrade to the "Best palm phone" for over $600 and I got nothing but inconvenience and no entertainment value. Best of luck for those out there can't wait to get you hands on this phone. I would pick the HP 6315 from T-Mobile if their service wasn't sucks in NJ.Latest update 12/22/04The CD did come with the MS office reader and Acrobat reader and few games, but was not installed. Maybe there was not enough memory? I can program the speed dial and the voicemail button. I can get my Cablevision, Comcast, Verizon DSL with Versamail. Web access to Yahoo mail, Hotmail, iNote and SprintPCS mail.It does not have *67 feature that was on the 6035 to block my caller ID on out going calls. There is no other way to dial a number other than the number shows on the contact. I have to copy all my conference call and pins on a piece of paper before I can dial on this phone. The 5-year 6035 old phone does not need additional paper or pens to perform a conference call. This is excellent phone for e-mail access or web access. Use as a phone, you make the judgment.

If you plan on using the Treo 650 to listen to music then don't buy this device. If you plan to listen to music and use it with Sprint then definately DO NOT buy this device.The jack lasted a year for me, for some it didn't even last that long. Instead of stereo you'll get only one side. The jack problem may even affect the outer speaker. Check the internet and see what others have said.The camera has no protection like some converged devices which rotate the camera lens for protection.Thankfully, the memory problem has been patched but I doubt that it really uses memory as efficiently as it should thereby reducing the amount of programs you can really save.If you do buy this device then please, Please, get the equipment replacement package - you'll need it. Please remember that when you get the Sprint replacement package that you'll be shelling out an additional $50.00 in addition to your monthly $5.00 payments. Sure, the Sprint contract mentions a $10.00 replacement option but they don't tell you that the subcontracting company, Lockline, charges $50.00 and not $10.00.Service at the Sprint store? Nope! The clerks don't even know what a Treo 650 is. They'll imply that you shouldn't be listening to music on the Treo 650 and that you are an idiot for doing so.I used to really like my Treo 650. Sadly the memory problem, the messed up stereo jack, and the Sprint service have greatly reduced the value of this device. My new Treo is being shipped but now I can only wonder how long this new device will last before the jack craps out on this one.For the last year, I now own an iPhone. Life is great. I do miss the qwerty keyboard but looking forward to a bluetooth iPhone keyboard one of these days. Some of the same apps that were valuable on the Treo are now available on the iPhone. SpashID and Documents to Go are examples. SplashID is as good as if not better on the iPhone.Web browsing is better on the iPhone and watching TV shows and movies on my long commute home are great. Add Audible books to your iPhone and you'll be able to "read" a book in the fraction the time you would take with a paper version. Admittedly, some books, like technical/professional books are better in print.So, Palm has snatched defeat out of the jaws of victory. They used to own the market but they took it for granted and sat on their laurels. Will Palm ever recover? Sadly, this once Palm fanatic does not think so.

Ok - here's my treo take.First of all, the phone works nicely. the sound is good, although the speaker phone could be a bit louder. i have trouble hearing it some times. I have two complaints about the phone:1. there doesn't seem to be a way of keeping a record of how long your calls were -- simple phone log stuff that comes standard on every phone. there's a log for who you called, but not duration, etc. I don't think that i should have to shell out money for software for that.2. the phone is very very very slow when dialing a number from a contact. it must take a good 2-3 seconds to switch to phone mode, and start the call. you sometimes don't even know if the phone decided to make the call or not, so you hit the phone button, and that cancels the call. annoying.sprint service not nearly as good as verizon. no suprise there, but well worth it for the phone.i love the web browser. for a handheld, speed is really quite good. i've used it a bunch of times for directions and stuff, and it works very well.the very best applicatoin by far is the email. it syncs with my desktop, so when i get mail on my desktop it shows up on the phone. i wish there were a way for the phone to sync with my email server. I use a laptop, so it can't get mail until i boot up the laptop, which can get annoying. the most important aspect of the email is the ability to read it. just last night, i got a message over email that i was able to address with a phone call, which i wouldn't have accessed until this morning without my phone. it doesn't help my email addiction though. it only seems to feed it.typing is certainly no picnic. fine for very short messages only, but i wouldn't go writing your dissertation on it. get to know the backspace key. it is your friend.i do have access to documents on my desktop, but i can't really do anything with them, because the palm, while it can read documents, can't download them to the card or convert them for use with documents to go. so what's the point of being able to access my documents if i can't do anything with them?also -- and here's a biggie -- while i can access my calendar on my desktop from the phone, i won't sync with the phone. i have to manually sync it myself, in order for any changes to appear on my desktop. so, i can add an appointment on my palm, have it in the calendar, and then if i access my calendar on my desktop, that appointment won't appear. if you have wireless access, why not just wirelessly sync, instead of just accessing that very same information without updating the palm database? seems really stupid.that's about all. don't get me wrong -- despite the shortcomings, i really do love the phone. it has solved the two-device problem quite well. i would have added a small rectangular screen on the bottom left side of the phone for time and caller id, so i could access that info without taking the phone out.i've stopped wearing a watch, and would really rather not get one again.

I waited 4 months for the GSM version of the Treo 650 to be released. After the release date, I personally thought that the price of $599 was a little high. After 2 days of it's much anticipated release, the price bumps up to $699! The reason: "it was a mistake"... what a bunch of crap. After that move by a company who it seems as though is being ran by a bunch of kids, I vouched to myself to NEVER buy a PalmOne device ever again!Sincerely,Adam (Once a loyal customer of 3 Palm Devices)CincinnatiI cannot even begin to fathom the idea of a company "this large" making this kind of mistake.

1. You have to pre pay for a month of service and they are rude enough to refuse to prorate you last month service. You are definitely going to be ripped off on average of half month of your service fee. (about $45 for me, could be more)2. Check your statement. I found many errors in my bill and they put me on hold for 10 - 20 min each time depends on the time I call.

The Treo 650 generall works, but is a collection of random software packages that were not designed cohesively, and it's still pretty buggy and unreliable.The number one problem with the device is the VersaMail e-mail program that will ocassionally crash and blow away all your e-mail and e-mail configurations.  This is especially fun while you're on the road for business.When the device crashes hard, in some cases it can be put into a looping reboot that is not easily recoverable.  The steps on the PalmOne support site instruct you to blow away all your data, then download a THIRD PARTY tool to go in an manually remove some databases, then reinstall all your data.  This is unacceptable in a consumer device.Poor software quality and design makes the Treo 650 a hard device to rely on.

Amazon has an imprenetratable system for processing rebates.  They do not receive faxes or mails, send form letters saying they cannot find your submitted documentss, but advise that you wait for EIGHT WEEKS before worrying about the submision.Treo phone works fine, but the promise of a rebate cannot be believed. Buy if you want, just dont count on rebate

We have had a Treo 650 for over two months.  I performed the PalmOne system upgrade as soon as we got it and it has worked well ever since.  We have a car that is bluetooth capable and the Treo works well with the car's built in hands free system.  Combining the cell phone & PDA has worked well for us plus we can check e-mails and listen to MP3s as well.

I love this phone. The screen is great. It is very fast. The mail and sms work very well. I added tomtom bluetooth GPS which is amazing.  I also use PDANet and connect via bluetooth to get on the internet while traveling. This a great upgrade to my treo 600. I added a 1GB SD card to store all my MP3s and tomtom maps so I have plenty of memory.

I would be encouraged to give this 5 stars, but the high price and lack of certain features takes it to a 4. (Really 4.5, but you can't award 4.5.)What I like the most:The integration of wireless web, text paging, email, games, camera, and various other software is superb.The camera takes pretty impressive photos for a phone, and the lighting is wonderful.The resolution on the Web is absolutely wonderful! It's like having a small laptop. I can pull up the GA navigator site and see traffic in real time, get very detailed maps, it is far better than I would expect.Built in MP3 player, built in video player, ease of use of SD card, sensitivity of the touch screen, ease of navigation with the shuttle button, it all makes this phone a wonder.There really is so much more that I love, but you don't want to read a book. :-)What I don't like:No built in voice dialing! To me, for a 600$ phone, that is absolutely unacceptable, and was almost a deal breaker. I had been accustomed to having built in dialing on all of my previous Sprint PCS phones. The Voicedial program does work after the trial period by direct number calling, which is some salvation, but I still think having to pay an extra 25$ for the software is rediculous.The video camera is awesome, except that it seems to cut off and stop recording, without telling you, after 60-90 seconds. I may have over looked that in the book, or perhaps because I was trying to record to my SD card, but as a result, i missed out recording an important event. (The phone appeared to be recording, but when you stopped, it didn't save.)The accompanying ear piece is crap. Why did they even bother. And no stereo headset adapter? Come on, it is a 6$ purchase, should have been thrown in.The speaker phone is an embarrassement, unless you want to only listen. Even with the 1.08 upgrade, the sound is hollow, it is not full-duplex, and if you don't talk into it after some time, it stops responding.No bluetooth 2 support???!The reset button behind the battery compartment. What user experience group did they get for this? Of course, I guess they just assumed that nobody would ever have to reset it. ;-)  But seriously, that is insane. I am on my second skin case now because they get stretched out when you have to keep taking them off to reset. (Which I only have to do maybe once every 2 weeks.)The bottom line, if you have the money to spare, this is a dynamite phone. Even with the things that I don't like, I would buy this phone again. I know it gets some bad marks because of resets and such. But, I think the majority of that is from newbie users who don't read about it. I frequent two forums often and have been sure to read about problems with software and such. I believe that most of the problems people experience are due to installing many programs that are not compatible. Even Winblows will crash on you in those scenarios.If you need a one-for-all device, this is for you. It sure beats carrying a cell phone, pda, mp3 player, and digital camera. One more thing, Sprint, if you are listening, increase your text paging allocation! My pages always cut off due to character limitations.

I understand phone service is part of the phone experience, but I am going to refrain from any evaulations of my service to give you my insights on the phone (treo 650).Its a good phone, but there are few things you need to do first:1. Get an external disk (SD) of at least a Gig.2. Get Chatter email or a similar program that allows you to store emails on the external disk (SD). This is not a built in feature of the email application that is provided.3. Get the volume control software so you can have more control over the sound. You will need it. The software is called VolumeCare.4. Get a good Mp3/Mpeg3. The Core Pocket Media Player is a good one.The one things I do not like and do not have any control over is the phone application - it sucks. The phone application is how you faciliate and manage phone calls. It seems to be unstable at times. Also, just the basic ability to accept a call on the other line is very crappy. If you click over and talk and then end the call, there isn't a way to drop the new incoming call. Or if you make a 3 way call and the person doesn't answer, there is no way for you to drop the attempted call off. I usually just have the person I was already talking to to drop off and I recall them....ok, I digress.Outside of the poor phone application which you cannot upgrade or change, its a good phone.Thanks for reading.

I had researched phones for Sprint since my current phone was getting ready to die. I was looking at the Blade (thankfully I said no just for the fact of the $35 additional per month for internet and text messaging) but then something steered me towards either the Treo or the Smart Device. After reading every review I could find, I decided on the Palm. I am glad for many reasons.Palm software is the same - basic and easy to use. The Treo offers tons of extras, the basics are included. Without any extra cost, you have a book or two to read. You can also do PDF files on there plus loads more.It is more techie than the usual phone of course so if you aren't inclined that way, it may be quite difficult. Even if you are, there can be problems. The first day I tried loading my work Outlook to my Treo but it just hosed up VersaMail entirely. It took forever to get the right tech support (typical cell company thing) but the guy researched it and helped me perfectly. They seem to have a decent knowledgebase there. Also, there are lots of forums on the net that can help too.This phone great. I am very happy with my choice!!!

Have you ever noticed that you can always talk to a sales person but you always have to wait for a customer serivce person? The same should be true of activation, but my expereicne was so bad I would rather return the phone than take the chance that I might someday need customer service.I am a 'power' phone user--the kind of user companies want becuase I use so many minutes.  I currently use ATT. I want to switch. Why? Because I cant get a decent signal between my home and work despite living in a major metropolitan area. So I decided to take a chance with Sprint.OK, so I buy the Sprint via Amazon and I finally receive it today. I charge the phone and call the Sprint number for activation. First, you have to enter a 13 digit number that can be found in teeny-tiny print inside the phone. Supposedly it works by voice recognition, but in my case, it gave up and connected me to a customer service agent.  The agent asks for my SSN and surprise, according to their computer I had an account with them eight years ago which had a $29.00 balance.  I was told that I need to pay it before I can activate. I explain that I dont recall ever having a sprint phone, but anything is possible since I am a business owner and I may have had a phone for an employee back then. Of course, my explanation didnt matter and they transferred me to collections.  Before you can speak to a collections agent, you have to enter your 10 digit PCS number--now in my case I dont have a number, so I was trapped in voice mail hell.  I entered 10 zeroes and eventually after sitting in a queue I managed to reach a human being. The agent asks me for my SSN again, pulls up my account, at which time, I said, I will pay the $29.00 under protest and contest it later.  The agent then said, "never mind you'll have to call back since our system is down."  I said I would rather wait, or have you call me since otherwise I will have to go thru the queue again. I was told I could wait, and was put on hold. The agent evenutally returns and says he is sorry but I'll have to call back. I ask for a supervisor. First the agent says no supervisor is availalbe and I said I'll wait for one. I had to wait about 30 seconds. A woman answers saying she is the superivsor and "can I help you?" I said "I have been on the phone close to 30 minutes now and." Before I could complete the sentence, she says their system is down, she cant help me, and hangs up on me. I swear I never raised my voice.I call the main activation number again. after going tru the same dysfunctional voice recognition, I get a live agent.  I explain the problem and the agent says the system is working again and she will trnasfer me to collections. Again I cant enter the PCS number, but eventually I get into a queue and 3 minutes later I am speaking to a new agent in collections.  I offer to pay my bill, and then I am told "There is a $5.00 fee to pay by phone!"  I said, I am sorry, its bad enough you are making me pay for a charge I am contesting that is eight years old and I will not pay $5.00 for the privilege of paying a $29.00 bill.  I asked how I go about paying otherwise, and was put on hold. The agent returned and said "never mind" he will waive the $5.00 charge.  How considerate.  OK, so now I pay, and then I ask to be transferred back to activation.  He says sure, and proceeds to disconnect me, presumably by accident.Well, being persistent, and excited about playing with a new gadget, I called activation a third time. I didnt even bother trying to use the voice recogntion, so I entered the teeny-tiny 13 digit number. Confident that I am finally going to get activated, I put my phone on speaker and waited.  Guess what? I was disconnected again!  By this time I'm thinking that my ATT phone isnt so bad after all, but being a glutton for punishment, I called a fourth time.  This time I did eventually reach an activation agent at which time I was informed that their system doesnt show posted payments for twelve hours! "Please call back."I am done calling Sprint. I intend to return my phone to Amazon tomorrow. I would rather use two cans and a string than have to put up with another customer service nightmare.I hope enough of you reading this will choose another carrier, and maybe Sprint will realize that it's time to fix its broken system.

Phones shouldn't crash losing all the data. Users shouldn't have to manage memory and application in consumer devices.Only buy this if you love spending time with gadgets instead of getting work done.

I was really excited to buy a Treo 650.  It was going to be my first foray into the world of smart devices, and the first time I dropped some serious cash for a phone.What a mistake.The Treo 650 looks great - everyone wants to play with it when they see it.  The screen is bright and colorful (too bright to operate when driving at night), and you can SMS in a dark bar quite happily.Unfortunately, you can't do much else.Nobody can hear me.  Whether I use the Treo like a normal phone, on speakerphone, or with a headset, it doesn't matter.  I'm constantly screaming at people, repeating myself, and having people hang up on me because they just can't hear what I'm saying.  I've upgraded the software, but it hasn't improved anything at all.On top of that, the phone interface is really slow.  I often find myself hitting dial, and seeing nothing happen.  After 5 seconds, I'll hit dial again, and the end result is that it will register that second input as the default for the dial screen - hang up.  Then I have to go through the dialing process again.  It's so annoying.I also got a 1 GB SD card, with the thought that I would use the Treo's mp3 player instead of my iPod on short trips around town.  Well, now I only appreciate Apple more.  Realplayer constantly skips reading from the SD card.  And I won't go into the details, but even getting music onto the SD card to begin with was an arduous process; so is making a playlist.  So much for that part of the plan.Maybe if you intend to use a Treo as a PDA primarily, and don't really care about the phone part, it's a good buy.  But if this is going to be your day to day phone, buy something else, like a phone.  Palm just doesn't have the phone software up to a point where it's really functional, and for me at least, no amount of other toys or stylish looks makes up for that.

I love the Treo 650. Very convenient, easy to use. Nice phone functions. The camera is relatively low resolution however it does take nice pics to send to friends and family. one drawback is the speaker on the phone when in a call, it is quiet..even at the loudest volume.  I have purchased the Treo Bluetooth headset with the phone and calls are loud and crystal clear.  I strongly recomment the bluetooth headset. I would not be happy with the phone if I did not have the headset.I just ordered the Palm GPS Navigator to install on the Treo...can't wait to try it out.I went with the Sprint phone. Their data package was more affordable. if you plan to use the phone internationally, you have to go with cingulars 4 band phone...Sprints phone does not work overseas.(...)Enjoy!!

I've read the reviews. All of them. For both Cingular and Sprint. I have been a loyal sprint customer for years.Here's what I love about the phone-integrated palm OS software with great fuctions like adobe PDF, Documents to go, and games (which are fun on the airplane)-small, sleek, and light for a smartphone-great reception in most area's (one bad area: MOUNTINS)-No problem with hearing callers or callers hearing me when not on speakerphone-SD card slot (though I wish they made 2GB SD cards)-the keyboard, how did I ever text-message with out it-simplicity of functions this phone is by far the easiest phone I've had to download ringers, set ringers, find applications, contact lists etc. No crappy menu button and scrolling for days only to try to figure out which menu under the menu keeps your sound settings on the fly, for just an example-battery life and signal strenghth. I work in a wherehouse with this "advanced" technology. Used to drain my Sanyo 8100. My treo usually requires a charging after 3 days. And that's with my constant playing of Bejeweled 2What I don't like:-Yes ladies and gentleman it does reboot itself, sometimes at very bad times. Just yesterday it rebooted 3 times while I was trying to get on the internet. This may be a one time deal, but still kind-of annoying. I haven't had it reboot at any real bad time for me, but I'm sure you can find someone who has-The hot sync cable and software. I don't like the design of the hotsync cable and am always worried I'm going to break one of those teeth off when syncing my palm (I'm looking into this bluetooth jump drive looking device to sync it wirelessly) The hot sync cable does not charge the battery. I hate the software and have to go into hot sync manager almost everytime I sync my palm or it just sits there not transfering anything. I didn't have that problem with my old (and very outdated zire).-Speakerphone. That thing is horrible. You can't hear anyone, you can't talk to anyone. Basically useless.-Camera/Video. My second biggest complaint. Okay, I just shelled out $600 and your telling me this thing doesn't even have a decent camera? Yes, the resolution stinks. Only a 640 x 480 in high resolution (for those of you not digital camera savvy that's not even a megapixel and don't think about printing any pictures above a 3 x 5 which are usually still not that good) and in low resolution a 320 x 240 which is useless to me. I have a 5MP kodak that I lug with me everywhere. Never know when you'll get a chance in a lifetime shot. This is where all of the camera phones need to improve. WAKE UP MANUFACTURERS FIGURE OUT A WAY TO MAKE YOUR CAMERA PHONES AT LEAST A 3MP CAMERA SO THAT THE CONSUMER CAN GET SOME GOOD USE FROM IT. The video mode is okay if I shoot small clips, anything longer than 30 sceonds and it doesn't save.-Memory. Probably my biggest complaint. I don't know if this is true with cingular, but when you download the games, applications, etc offered by sprint you have no way of putting them on your SD card. (and if anyone knows how please let me know) Since you get next to nothing for memory, I rely heavly on my SD card. You get a whole waping 23MB! on the internal.Overall Review:Cute phone, bad price. I really kind of regret the 600 I shelled out for it. I really do love the phone though. Nothing can be perfect, I understand, but a few modifications for your money (like a 3MP camera for instance or more memory). If you have the money, I say do it. No phone is going to be perfect and you have to realize this. I actually would give it 4 stars, but I can't change my previous rating.

I bought this disaster with the idea that Palm could do no wrong.  OOPS!!!The machine reboots itself randomly.  The PROPRIETARY bluetooth implementation works (not well) only with the Palm brand headset and will answer the phone occasionally.  Volume from anything besides the handset sucks, the handset may also, but its too large and heavy for daily use.  If you spend your life as I do - on the road and on the phone, watch out!  Accepting a second call will force you to disconnect the first or conference the two together, there is no option to swap between callers or to hang up only one call.Email works well with Sprint Business Connection, but there is little to no technical support for Active Sync short of calling Microsoft ($250.00).I don't know how they got a positive rep.  Give this one back to the nitwit who designed it.  I am.

I purchased this phone a few months ago and can truly say it is one of the best investments I have ever made! I had doubts on how comfortable I'd be lugging around a big phone like this, but that was short lived once it was in my hands. I get so much use from this phone, not only for the phone itself, but for the PDA capabilites. I have never been so organized and on top of things. The only thing is that it sometimes freezes when it connects with my Bluetooth, but it's a minor complaint and one easily overlooked when I look back and see how much this phone has helped me.

I've had my Treo 650 on Sprint for about a year now.  I bought it thru the Treo Roadshow that Palm put on at the end of 2004, months before Sprint offered it themselves.  As a long time Sprint customer and separate Palm user, I was excited to free up pocket space by putting both into one Gadget.  Plus, I get my email here too.More on Mail:  I tried all the different ways of getting email on my Treo and found that the best service was thru the overlapping partnerships that Sprint and SBC (now ATT) have with Yahoo.  Turns out, the portal for my DSL, from SBC which is my local phone company in Texas, is managed by Yahoo.  In addition, SBC's competitor, Sprint is selling their PUSH email program for Treo 650 thru another division of Yahoo.  So, for $2.99 month on my Sprint bill, I get my SBC/Yahoo email pushed onto my Treo.Treo Problems:  This little gadget is way under powered for all the stuff it can do.  Remember your pre-Windows XP experience of 1 or 2 reboots per day?  Well, load this thing up with more than just phone and email and you can expect to have it randomly lock up on you regularly.  The service people at Sprint are very little help.  They just want to erase everything on the device and start over.  Which helps a bit, but not much, and not for long.  The OS in this model just isn't mature enough to deal with the underpowered uP trying to do so many things.As far as Sprint goes, I had to take the hit for being a long time loyal customer.  Since I got my phone directly from Palm, they refused to give me the rebate I would have gotten for buying thru Sprint.  I just couldn't wait and really didn't believe, at the time, that Sprint would penalize me.  Well, they did.So, if you want a device that can be a jack of all all trades but a master of none, then this one is as mediocre at everything as you can get.  And don't switch providers just to get the Treo.  Wait until it is available from a carrier that will show you the love.

My previous two PalmOS phones were a Kyocera 6035 and a Samsung i500. Had I not needed Bluetooth to work with my new Toyota Prius, I'd have stuck with the i500. In fact, if Samsung/Sprint had released the i550 (SD memory slot, faster, etc.) I would have never considered the Treo 650.  So, let's talk about the positives of the 650:Camera w/movies is nice.  Memory card slot is nice.  It's fast. Bluetooth sync with my Mac Powerbook is awesome - no more plugging up cables to HotSync! Handfree in the Prius works great. Having a PalmOS 5 based machine gives a more powerful web browser that can view more sites. Higher rez screen is nice.On the downside, the lack of graffiti would be okay if this keyboard was as good as the one in the old Motorola PageWriter, but instead, it's as small as they could make it, requiring shift-keys to get to slashes, @ symbols, numbers, etc. A real hassel and even though I could blaze on the PageWriter, I've been reduced to about half the speed on this keyboard due to all the extra work.  Having software-graffiti would have been nice, and the third-party add-on "write on screen" apps are okay, but not as accurate as what my 6035 or i500 had.No voice recognition at all, but for $20 you can get a program that is awesome and doesn't have to be trained.  "Call 5 5 5 1 2 1 2" and it does.  "Call Bob Tompson Mobile" and it matches it to the address book -- no training, beyond numbers. VERY NICE.Battery life is so-so.  You have to charge it each day if you use the 'net much. i500 was poor, too, but better than this.  The 6035 I could use for almost a week without charging it!  (6035 and i500 had analog modes, too, while the 650 is digital only.)So, it's okay, I'm okay with it, it crashes/reboots randomly all the time, but ... there's really no other option on Sprint.I would have taken a flip phone over this huge brick phone in a heartbeat... But there is none, so, with that said, the Treo 650 is okay.  More steps back, a few steps forward, but no other choiuce.

The Treo 650 is, for me, an almost ideal package, combining several functions into a very convenient package.  The whole really is greater then the sum of the parts, but a quick summary of the parts follows:PHONE: My last phone was the very basic workhorse, the Nokia 6360 . In a lot of ways, the Treo 650 is a downgrade for basic phone function, but I still have a good-not great- phone.  Very easy access to phone numbers from my entire database of 1500 contacts is a huge plus for me, as is a ton of one-touch speed-dial options. Quick toggling between multiple phone #s for a single contact is also great, and very simple to use.  The Treo also has an adequate speakerphone which I use whenever I check voicemail remotely. The previous reviewer is mistaken on one point-- dialing by letter is an option, easily set up.Overall, as a phone the Treo 650 gets a solid "B"EMAIL DEVICE: This is my first handheld wireless email device, and I am quite pleased so far.I use Sprint's Business Connect Personal Edition to check my business account, and, so far, this has exceeded my expectations. I was connected and up and running in minutes with zero intervention from my IT department. You can set this up as 'push' email or (to save batteries) have the Treo fetch email on a schedule that you set. Deletions and sent items show up on the desktop with every wireless synch. As with all Treo email solutions (that I've seen), emails addresses, web links and phone numbers all show up in messages as links for dialing or downloading, which is very handy. The only downsides for BC are: no Outlook subfolders, no html formatting in recieved emails, no automatic signatures in outgoing email, and less then ideal handling of attachments (can read attachments as text only- I can work around this by forwarding emails to personal account when needed). Sprint BC exceeds my expectations.The included Versamail software is fine for my non-critical personal email, but I have set up BC to handle that as well, for simplicity's sakeEmail gets an A.WEB BROWSING: There is no way that I would have anticipated web pages looking so good on a phone! Blazer, the included browser, is really awesome for what it is. One handed browsing is surprisingly easy, and even better with the Treo's stylus. Data speeds via Sprint are just fine, though certainly no substitute for my T-1 line at the office. Yeah, its slow, but what would you expect?Another A. Make it an A+.PDA: I've been using Palm Pilots for years (since they were actually called Pilots!), and I am hooked! The flexibility, simplicity and virtual unlimited supply of add-on software works great for me. The very slick integration on the Treo of address book, phone and email functions are exactly what I bought this device for, and I am not disappointed in the least. Click on 'contacts' from the phone app, type the first three letters of a contacts name, and you are taken to their address book entry where you can dial them with one click. All good. The only thing missing is linked email addresses in the Contacts app.Third party shareware is what makes Palm great. I currently have a conduit that synchs my ACT database to the handheld, a good document reader along with some ebooks, a voice recorder, photo viewing software, and several games and other misc apps on my Treo, with room for plenty more!Give it an A-. Linked email addresses would get it up to an A.THE DEVICESize and weight suit me quite well. A bit heavier then I expected, but I actually like the heft. Fits easily in a pocket.320x320 res screen is awesome! Photos of my kids look ridiculously good, as do web pages.Keyboard is, well, tiny. If my big meathook-hands can handle it, yours can too. Smaller then the keyboards I've seen on some Blackberries, but quite usable.Chassis feels solid overall. Battery door is ever-so-slightly loose. Big deal. Screen is very exposed, so some sort of screen protection is an absolute must! I've had mine about a year, and it is well dinged up.  So what.  If I were that concerned, I wouldnt keep it in the same pocket as my keys, right?Power and synch connectors could be a bit more slick, but they are perfectly usable.A-.MISC:Battery life: This thing was NOT made for hours and hours of web browsing a day! Sprint rates the Treo with a 5 hour talk time, and that seems about right from my use so far. Surf the web a lot, keep ther charger handy!CAMERA: I almost forgot-- the Treo 650 is a camera phone. The camera (and camcorder) is, frankly, junk. I have a very nice Canon 20D digital camera for actual photos-- my Treo's will get used for little more then documenting things that need a picture (think car accidents, sending a client a reference picture, etc). For those that want more megapixels, keep in mind that no matter how much raw data a camera can capture, a phone camera with a really high quality lens is not, IMO, a reality any time soon. Even with higher megapixel count, a camera phone wont give you photos any better then a disposable camera will. Garbage in, garbage out...BLUETOOTH : I started using a bluetooth headset several months ago. My initial impression was fairly lukewarm and, not having any prior bt experience for comparison, I was unable to determine if the Treo's implementation of bluetooth was unimpressive, or if the technology itself was a bit rough around the edges. I've decided that the answer is somwhere in the middle. A recent firmware upgrade for Sprint users has dramatically improved the bt functionality on my Treo (sound quality, call volume, and the speed that my headset picks up calls have all improved subtantially), and, despite some shortcomings in the technology, I happily make most calls from my wirelss headset now.VOICE RECORDER: an excellent piece of free software, SoundRec v.1.07d, makes the Treo 650 a very nice voice memo recorder. Since the resulting .wav files get pretty big, you can-and should- easily and automatically save them to your storage card.(There are many more full-fetured voice memo software programs out there for users who need more then the barebones SoundRec)BOTTOM LINE: This is an incredible tool for the mobile professional in search of a compact all-in-one device. It aint cheap, but for me, its worth every penny!

The Treo is an attractive phone,  delivering well on the combination of phone and PDA.Realize, however, that you are buying in to a  2 year contract and rebates that take between 3 and 11 months to recieve.I have not recieved either of my rebates after six months,  and customer service in locating the missing rebates is not up to the usual high Amazon standards.

Like the phone. Hate Sprint. Great features. Hate Sprint. Email and Web access easy. Hate Sprint. Did I mention I hate Sprint..Oh, sorry. I'm still locked into my stupid contract. Go with Verizon.

This is a good phone and a great PDA.  Much, much better than the Treo 300.  The size, shape and weight are all good.  I bought a 1/2 gig Kingston SD disk for $50 bucks so I have more space than I could ever use.  I bought a program called Ringo for $30 which allows me to downloaded MPEG files for ringtones -- which is great toy and time waster.  I put 50+ photos on it which pop up when someone calls.  The Web browsing is faster than the Treo 300 and faster than any other cell phone I've ever seen -- but I haven't done serious analysis.  The camera takes cell phone camera quality shots -- but I don't care since I downloaded all the pictures I want.  I have not had any problems with getting emails.  You cannot open fax attachments, but you can open Word docs and PDF files.  There is a second or two delay when you make a call, which is a little irritating at first, but I don't even notice it now.  I'm happy with it and I recommend it to others.

My Sprint Kyocera SmartPhone 6035 finally started to finally die, with the microphone going and maneuvering between applications behaving very slowly -- so with a heavy heart, I started looking at phones.Someone turned me onto the Treo 650 and have found that it's actually pretty good.  Going from a monochrome-type screen to color is obviously an enhancement and more internal memory is a definite plus.  With all the pros that others have mentioned for the phone tho, here's my list of cons, and again, this is from an old Kyocera 6035 user:o No graffiti -- unless you buy SilkScreen or MobileWriteo No immediate method of clicking on a phone number in your calendar and calling it -- unless you buy TakePhoneo No VOICE DIAL -- unless you buy VoiceDialer or Voice LauncherThe Palm software installation was a bit of a problem as I ran into the problem a few folks have been getting where the installation hangs when it attempts to remove the backup files.  The culprit is the IDriver.exe process from what I understand.HINT: To fix that problem, you're going to have to1. Run the following command: C:\Program Files\Common Files\InstallShield\Driver\7\Intel 32\IDriver.exe" /REGSERVER2. Open your task manager and kill the second instance of the IDriver process running in the Windows environment.The biggest positive that I get out of the phone however is the inclusion of bluetooth so that I can at least connect it to a, to be bought, bluetooth car kit.  Hopefully that should give me back some of my lost voice dialing abilities.Overall, despite my tentativeness in getting this phone, it looks like it has a lot to offer as long as you can get past some of its detriments.

I've had this phone for the last 2 weeks and so far I'm pretty satisfied. I'm a tech and I've got various users who have this phone so I put it through all kinds of test. For example most of the problems that people note in their reviews are not problems with the phone but with their expectations.This is first and foremost a PDA that emulates phone functionality. Remember people the company that makes it is Palm, not Samsung, Erickson, or Nokia. This phone is really geared more for the traveling exective who needs access to e-mail and business processes but doesn't want the hassle of lugging around a laptop.If your buying this because you've got to have the latest toy in your cell phone arsenal save your money and get one of those media phones, you'll have a lot more fun with one of those.There is some lag time when dialing from contacts so if you can deal with that you'll be alright but there are a few things you should know that will save you some time.Before you setup your phone download the update and install it from sprint.Once your phone is setup increase time on the auto power off option it's under preferences. Now, turn off keyguard it too can be turned off under preferences.Take advantage of the shortcuts at the bottom of the dial pad, if you click all the way to the bottom and continue additional options will appear and you can add shortcut buttons to save time.Once you get those few items out of the way it should stream line things a bit. Now, as for the bluetooth head set, I would not suggest the Motorola it's a bit on the cluncky side and for some reason people keep reviewing it as though it's part of the Palm, it's not people so get a grip.Now for the bad, this thing is way over priced and if they're going to advertise mp3 playback capabilities the least they can do is provide the adapter. Battery life is not that great either this thing is a hog. I've not had the problems with dropped calls, or reboots that others have had but I suspect that from talking to sprint technical support before purchasing the phone that when setting the phone up some apps were installed that weren't necessary. For instance the Dataviz application Documents to Go is real buggy. Once I took that off my system worked a lot better.

I just got the Treo 650 through pre-order the other day after using the Treo 600 for over a year (and 4 replacements ... the 600s just kept breaking). It is a dramatic improvement and I love it.The screen is now high res and looks incredibly clear, the Bluetooth works wonderfully with the wireless Jabra headset. When a call comes in simply hit answer on the phone and the call comes through the headset. I don't particularly like the comfort fit of the Jabra on my ear so I will probably be looking at other alternatives as well.The camera is now actually good enough to take snapshots you would keep. Almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras.  A few of the critical buttons are placed more intuitively.Initial setup went pretty smoothly, so far, it seamlessly upgraded my old Treo 600 software and imported all my contacts and calendar as well as almost all my applications.  The Sprint phone rep that activated my phone actually seemed to be quite knowledgable.The only real CON is that the Treo 650 Hotsync cable connector is big and clunky compared to 600. IMHO they made a backward step by replacing the sleek original Treo connector with the Tungsten design connector. It requires a separate power supply to charge.  I have been used to charging my Treo 600 through the single USB hotsync cable to my laptop.  This extra power connection is a messy annoyance.  The upside is that since the battery is removable I can have a spare charging elsewhere.Overall opinion is that I wouldn't even consider returning to or buying a Treo 600 now that the Treo 650 is available.

Simple to use for the first time buyer, has simple menu, easy to find everything, but doesn't have wi-fi, which could get perfect star rating for this smart device.

I was going to buy one of these but then realised there is no WiFi support which is crazy since the LifeDrive from Palm has WiFi.My guess is that they have decided not to put WiFi in to please cellular operators. I've watched others with Windows CE WiFi phones place free Skype calls over WiFi. I wanted the same facility.Without WiFi you are locked to the operator for expensive and slow data transfer, and massively high data roaming rates.I'm so sick of waiting for Palm to release a combined PDA+phone that can access the Internet via WiFi (or WiMax later) that I am now considering going against my principles and buying a Windows CE based phone.And going by the other reviews of the 650 it seems Palm have not even fixed the problem I have with my current Palm phone+PDA (Tungsten W) the SIM card is held by a trap door which is a terrible design. It means you are plagued with dropped calls or the device being disconnected because the SIM has lost contact.Update-> Yes you can buy a WiFi adaptor but the cheapest is $150USD. And yes I was right they disabled the WiFi to please operators (just Google for the issue). I do not like being forced into "walled gardens" by operators and reject a product that is helping them.

I am in love with this phone!First off, the Palm functionality is wonderful! The address book and calendar all work excellently, and the cross-functions are greatImprovements include SMS messaging, which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses, unlike the Treo 600The web on here is faster ---- the screen is crisperHowever, BlueTooth is the BEST new feature ----- wireless data transfer is, usually, quick, and the wireless headphones are greatLastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable --- however, ever since the system software was updated to 1.12, it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!Ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it, alreadyI am a former Treo 300 and 600 user, and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny, considering the bluetooth and software improvementsso buy it!!! - you won't be sorryPS - the Cardo Scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone

I do not review things, and I have an extremely high level of tolerance for product functioning. Nevertheless, I am so fed up with my palmOne Treo 650 (which I have owned for a year), that I have called Verizon today, complained to Palm, joined a class action, and reactiviated my several year-old flip phone that has water damage. Yes - my water damaged, cheap LG phone functions better than my palm treo.In the past several days, my phone has reset itself no less than 2-3 times an hour for no apparent reason. I have received no text messages or phone calls - either they cause my phone to freeze and reset or they just never reach my phone. Want to use your phone to check you email? Great! Too bad after a short while your phone's wireless sync will shut down and you will no longer get your email (and cannot figure out why). Want to use your phone as a PDA? Even better! Too bad that your hot sync will meltdown and have countless error logs and never sync your data correctly (if at all, ever). How about just making phone calls? Well, if they ever reach your phone, the sound quality will be so poor, you will not be able to hear them when the volume is cranked up and others will complain you are "mumbling." And forget about adding any sort of second-party software (which includes managing ring tones, voice dialing, or games).The bottom line is that this was an overpriced, non-working device. There is a reason that there is a class action out there. Just google "palm treo sucks" and you will see what I mean.I want to reiterate that it really takes a lot for me to get worked up about something to actually seek out opportunities to lampoon the product. This is one of those rare exceptions. Save your money until the technology catches up with our desires. A phone is a phone - simplist technology is best!

My workplace wanted me to get a cell phone so that they could contact me when in transit between meetings. I had been fascinated by the idea of Blackberrys and Treos for quite awhile. One of my coworkers was upgrading to a Blackberry and was willing to let me use his Treo 650.I learned about Palm by using a Zire 72s (see my review). The Treo's applications were just enough different that it took me a few weeks to feel comfortable with it. However, I have come to enjoy the Treo and really like the capabilities.The real power of the Treo is that it allows you to combine your PDA and cell phone into one combined package. If you don't mind lugging around multiple gadgets, then the Treo may not appeal much to you.In no particular order, some of the issues that I have had are:* You really need to buy a screen protector especially if you have oily skin or wear lots of make-up.* As another reviewer has noted, the "Dint" sound every time there is a change in network status is really annoying. If you turn the sound off, then the vibrating mode is too weak for you feel it if the phone is in a coat pocket.* The amount of memory with this phone is a joke. You really need an SD card. The bigger the better. I plan on buying a 2 GHz SD card. I would buy a 4 GHz card if they made them yet. While this could have been alleviated if Palm had added a life drive, it may be that SD technology is growing at a faster rate than one would care to replace hard drives.* Data is just too pricey for now. Moreover, the times that I've played around with it, it is very slow like a 28.8 (or less) modem. On Palm's web page, you can buy a WiFi "Sled" - whatever that is - for between $129 - $149 dollars depending on sales and rebates. I'm not sure yet, but that might be something worth pursuing if you like data connectivity but don't want to use the pricey cell phone data plans.* There has been a lot of discussion about 2.5MM port for the headset. Apparently, 2.5MM is the standard for cell phones while 3.5MM is the standard for virtually every other portable device. In my case, this is not an issue. I'm not an "audiophile" so I simply use my cell phone ear piece to listen to MP3's. If that is an issue for you, you may consider getting a 2.5MM to 3.5MM conversion jack - they are sold at most Radio Shacks.Having used a Zire 72S and now a Treo 650, I find that I'm developing an opinion on what the ideal personal electronic device might look like in terms of capability. My completely subjective opinion of what the ideal personal electronic device would look like and some comments about how that compares to the Treo 650 are:* Ability to download and read books on-line: The Treo provides this via adobe acrobat reader. I find that I'm able to read a lot of material while riding the bus/subway or during other odd times just by keeping research materials on the Treo.* Ability to connect with printers, PDAs, cellphones, and computers wirelessly.o WiFi: Lack of WiFi is a real weakness of the Treo. I don't want to be locked into paying for an overpriced data network via the cell company. Even if I was willing to spend that much money for convenience sake, as a consumer, I should be able to switch to the faster WiFi networks when I happen to be in a hotspot.o Blue tooth: The Treo has this. I use this mostly to send files to between my Zire 72S. However, it is clear that if you give a little thought, one could cheaply use Bluetooth to build a wireless network in the home to tie cell phone, printer, and computer all into one tool. Moreover, some of the cars these days are coming out with blue tooth navigation systems that make this an intriguing option.o VOIP: Currently VOIP is growing in popularity because it is cheap. Again, as a consumer, I would like to be able to use WiFi hotspots to make free phone calls when possible. It may be possible to do this now with the right software, but I don't know how.* Personal scheduling information that can be shared with Outlook and other PIM programs: Palm has this down cold, the Treo is no exception.* Camera and Video Camera capability with a reasonable resolution. Treo has a 1 Mega pixel resolution camera. No flash. It is an interesting toy. I use it to take pictures of my luggage when I fly - "It looks like this, see." To take pictures of where I park and anytime I want to take an impromptu picture of something.* Contact information that can be shared with Outlook and other PIM programs. Again, Palm, including the Treo, has this down cold.* Ability to create, edit, modify, and view MS Word, Excel, and Powerpoint files. Documents to go on the Treo does this. If you are upgrading from older versions of Documents to go, you might accidently corrupt the files. This results in documents to go restarting your Treo every time you try to open a file.* Ability to synchronize all data files with work and home computers. The Treo does this well. However, I'm considering the efficacy of an external SD card reader for home or for work. Just seems that it takes most of the time hot synching to move adobe and word files.* Cell Phone: This is the real plus of having the Treo.* Ability to download audio and video clips and then listen/watch while on the go. I have yet to get a video file to work on the version of Realplayer on the Treo. Not sure what I'm doing wrong. I will continue to try and see what happens. There is some decent freeware for the videos and some third-party software, but will try that at some later point. In terms of audio files, I use itunes to download CSPAN, NPR, and PBS shows that I like. Once they are on the desktop, I use Realplayer to move the files to the Treo's SD card. Note: This is not intuitive, but strangely enough there are directions if you hit the help button on Realplayer on the Treo.* Capability to make long (eight hours or more) of digital voice recordings for seminars meetings or just to capture your bosses latest guidance on a project. This really bothers me. If the Treo could do this, I would be down to one and only one electronic device.Bottom line: I really like the Treo. I have learned how to do most, but not all the things that I need it to do.

I have used the handspring deveices and loved the Treo 300. Still think that design is superior if you have to carry around a brick to talk on. The 600 and 650 series was a nice change. The 650 addresses the limitations and flaws of the 600.There are still a lot of BUGS on this device. The reviewer who states that it retarts frequently is not kidding. How can you be used to that chaos? I am a Mac user so am not used to crashes, maybe that is it. This 650 device crashes when I check mail each time. The speakerphone drops in and out and the keys are now so close together typing is impossible for anyone who can palm a basketball.I have called Sprint and they said the mail crashes it's on my server. Also when dding contacts it crashes. Each function it seems to have crashed at leasty once.Well, Blackberry works fine on my server and there are not many options to the mail management so something is wrong with the application. Updates are not easy unless you have the correct cable.[...]

Let me give anyone thinking of buying product from PalmOne some good advice. Seriously consider what you are getting into. The company rushes product to market and does not put enough quality control into place. I had the Treo 300 and 600. I experienced quality issues with both devices. I am reading other reviews here on Amazon and I am seeing a trend to the same effect with the 650. I went through 4 Treo 300's and SEVEN Treo 600's. Ask anyone you may see on the street about their experience with it. If they give a positive response your follow up question should be asking them how long they have owned it. This junk distributor of a company sells product that lasts maybe 60 days at the most before it starts having problems. I seriously think they should be investigated[...]

Not much of a review here so sorry.  The phone is not out so its kind of hard to review.  I get the feeling we are all a little bothered that the treo 650 is not much better then the treo 600.  Very disapointed.  Wanted to let people know that I am going to wait around a month or so for the "Imate Jam".  Check it out.  1.3 camera, fast processor...Plus last I heard treo will be droping the palm os in future versions of the phone.  Huge antenna.  Crappy camera.  Why!!

I've owned a Palm of some type for about seven years, and had a cell phone for slightly less time.  I've always resisted buying a combined device, because I thought "they aren't ready yet."  When it came time to replace my PDA, I decided that the Treo 650 might be ready.  I had concerns about the size of the screen, and about integrating PDA and cell phone functions.  Overall, most of my nervousness about it was groundless.  I am pleased with the phone so far.Good points:Works well as a phone--Better signal than the Nokia phone it replacesScreen is very readable, even though it is smaller than on a traditional PDAPalm functionality is fine.  The interface has been redesigned a bit, and you seldom need the stylus.  Most entries are done with the rocker switch at bottom center of the screen, or with the keypad.  You truly can do many functions one-handed.  But they managed to do this without losing the feel of the Palm, you aren't having to re-learn from zero.The memory is non-volatile--In English, this means that if your batteries go dead, you don't lose all your data till you re-synch your Palm.Bad points:Those who complain about a slight delay when dialing from a number in the Palm contacts list are right.  It's not really a problem, but it is an annoying couple of second delay.If you are one of those who read books on Palms, I'm not sure the screen will do for prolonged reading.Battery life is fair.  I am able to get two days out of it with medium use, and have a bit of life left in the battery.  Not like the days of the monochrome Palms when you'd go for a week between recharges!It's only so-so as a web browser.The price is hideously high.Keyboard is cramped, but about as good as you can expect on such a small device.  It is definitely useable.  My instinct was to use my right thumb only, but I now believe the people who claim that if you use both hands (thumbs only) you'll be faster.From what I've seen of the Treo 600, I do not believe the upgrade would be worth it for those who currently own a 600.  If you are waiting to make the jump into a combined PDA/phone, I believe thhis is a good point to do it.

This phone does everything.  I am extremely pleased with it.Only a couple of complaints:1.  I had to return my first phone.  It would charge for 5 seconds when plugged in, but then act as if I unplugged it.  The nice folks at Sprint replaced it for me, since I was within my 14 days of buying it.2.  Some software makes it crash.  Beware the "Documents to Go" software.But even those two complaints are minor.  This phone is fast, reliable, user-friendly, and the chicks dig it.

Just gotta say, this phone rocks!It's an effin computer!It's great having all the tools I need in my pocket (coat pocket; it's a little bulky for pants pockets).Look at everything it is:CalenderCalculatorAddress bookAlarm clock (I use it to wake me up from nooners)Instant messenger (Yahoo, AOL, MSN, ICQ)Text MessengingGamesCamera/CamcorderMovie player (video clips of any sort; the software re-scales the video to fit the screen [which saves lots of space])MP3 playerEmailInternet browserMS Word and Excel.PDF files...and more!Gripes I have with the unit:1. Kinda too bulky to put in your pants pocket without looking like a dork ("is that a Treo 650 in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?")2. Web browser is slow!3. Occasional crashes; especially if you load it up with unstable 3rd party software4. Camera/camcorder image quality is poor, pretty much like every other cameraphone.I'm in the Military, and I specifically bought this device for when I go on deployment.  A 1+GB SD memory card will hold alot of porn!  Haha, not to mention easing my boredom during a long, uneventual watch (games, movies).  Or playing music while exercising.Furthermore, the boost in productivity it has allready afforded me... I never forget a birthday or appointment now.  The way the software syncs with Microsoft Office is outstanding.The screen is suprisingly resillent.  I'm pretty rough on my portable equipment, and even with shoving this phone in pockets with change and keys and whatnot, there are no scratches on the screen.  I've also dropped it a couple times and it's survived.I have not had a chance to use the other "Smart Phones" on the market now, but the Treo 650 is tops for a reason.  I highly recommend this device!

For a phone, the only plus is the battery seems to last forever.  The negatives are 1. Reception is worse than my 2yo $25 LG phone.  Just driving around in an area where I never had a problem before, it would flicker and I lost 2 out of 5 calls, 2. Numeric keys are so small they are very very annoying for phone use.For a PDA, I'd rank it similar to a low-end palm compatible.

Maybe I'm one of the lucky few - I haven't had any problems with the phone or with Sprint. I've been a Sprint PCS customer for 8 years now and haven't had any issues with them. I've had my Treo 650 for almost a year and have been very happy with it, everything still works and no random reboots as reported by others. I've abused the phone and have been impressed that it keeps working. Example - a few weeks after I got it I carelessly dropped it into a fruity beverage, but even though it was completely submerged (briefly) and was covered with sticky fruit I was able to clean it off and it kept on working and still works. I'm very happy with the features and the convenience of having my calendar with me at all times. The battery life is good. When I'm bored I pull it out for a quick game of hearts or check my email when out of town (I use Snapper.) So although it was an expensive purchase, it's one that I use regularly and it does exactly what I need it to do.

This is a great phone.There are so many different add-ons for it available too! (ex. You can now use Google maps on your palm for free)I have gone the whole weekend without have to charge it.  (I only used it a couple times as a phone, but I was frequently checking the time and going online for directions and such).the Bluetooth however is VERY weak.  I have tried it with 4 different headsets and all of them had major static. (Cardo scala 500, plantronics discovery 640, jabra BT800, sony ericsson hbh-600)  Hardly anyone could ever hear me on the other line.

This is a laptop computer, cell phone, PDA, videocamera, calendar, and standard camera all in one.  I have had my Treo for about a month now, and I am still finding out new features! You can't go wrong with this thing!!!  Simply amazing.

What can I say. This is the gadget that I've been wanting to get for years !!!!!Just look at all the things I have on my belt now and can use at a moments notice. Some of these functions are not available even on my Windows XP (media center edition) desktop PC or my laptop XP.1. Compact, roughly the size of my old calculator, fits in wide choice of belt carrying cases2. Digital camera, shares same SD card with my Kodak and my new PC3. Camcorder too4. MP3 player5. eReader to read books, comes on CD with 2 books6. Edit native word, excel, powerpoint documents; Also there is a PDF reader on the CD too !7. Unlimited storage using the SD card slot, specially with the 1GB cards going on sale now. Kind of like floppy disks used to be; 10 times smaller and 1000 times more capacity than the old floppies.8. Organizer (Calendar, Contacts, Memo, Tasks)9. Handy calculator, world clock10. Games came on cd: Solitaire, Zap 201611. Beam: when my friend has an interesting article to share with me, we can put the 2 units on the desk and beam the documents by IR transfer12. Cellphone with picture caller ID, speakerphone, and bluetooth headphone capability; Can also connect to computer by bluetooth for printing (although I've not tried that yet)13. Wireless modem: when I'm traveling, I can stop at a rest area, and dial up AOL from my laptop using TREO for phone connection14. Quick Instant messaging with keyboard, so I don't have to learn how to type on phone keypad15. Real web access, personal email, and corporate email16. Daily selected content updates: With Avantgo installed, it gives me quick news, stock quotes, whenever I sync with my PC17. I'm buying pocket-DVD studio software (which I've not installed yet), I can put a movie on my SD card and watch it on the bus/train ride, waiting at the airport, or long trips. Becomes a portable DVD player for me.18. Tap into the vast amount of software for PalmI've had it for a week, and I'm thrilled to have all of these things packed into my one unit.Unlike some of other reviewers, I haven't run into any problems. I'll keep my fingers crossed.Here's some tips to avoid reboot problems:1. Get a 500MB card (they are $25-$30 now) and a USB/SD reader, if needed (as low as $9.99), and load as much as possible on it, keeping the internal memory mostly free for running applications.2. Do not sync up any data files (like word documents, pdf files etc). This will take too long for sync and it may hang. It did for me. Instead simply copy the documents to the \Documents directory on the SD card. They will show up when you open the Documents application.Hope this was helpful. Enjoy !

****************TWO WEEK UPDATE****************The info below under 'Original Review' is just that.....the original review......this is a two (to three) week update after having the phone and integrating it into my life.The camera is workable at best.  Both the still and video cameras should be upgraded in the next update and could have been upgraded in the move from 600 to 650.  Still functional though.The mpeg viewer works great.  I downloaded a little mpeg clip through the palm install tool and it played perfectly with relatively good clarity.  This is a nice feature.......The phone itself works fine with no problems and the programmable buttons have worked well since I set them all up.  I had a Treo 300 a couple years back and this phone works functionally better.......Versamail continues to be my favorite software installed.  I have used it daily and have both mine and my wife's bellsouth.net accounts set up and functioning well.  Haven't really noticed any major glitches in it.I have downloaded a couple games over the web into the memory of the palm apps and that worked really well.  In addition, I've installed a couple from the desktop with the same results.  Functionally, it's a pretty smooth process that is working well.....I really like the buttons and thumbpad and have progressed to where I can do most if not all the functions of the phone without having to pull out the stylus.  At first, I thought I'd miss the Graffitti functionality of my Sony Clie NX70 but I do not.The keyboard works well except for my large clumsy fingers and they're starting to figure it out pretty well.  Only thing I've noticed on that is when sending messages with Versamail, there doesn't seem to be any great rules for when it auto capitalizes words.  That's pretty nit-picky though.........[...]If Palmone can figure out how to put 5-10GB of memory onboard for MP3's and MPEGS, they will have a killer piece of hardware here........[...]

After being an owner of both the 650 and 600, the former is much better. I am talking about sharper image...much sharper. It is also lighter because the battery can be replaced unlike the 600. The keys are much easier to press where you can use your fingers and not forced to used the pointer unless you got ET fingers. Best of all is that it just looks great!!!The Palm OS does it all so why do you really need Windows OS on the new one? It is not really worth it.

I purchased this device last month after several months of debating whether or not I really wanted to make this much of an investment for a "phone".  I've owned a Palm device before (an m105) and I absolutely hated it (I hated having no keyboard and having to use graffiti...but no more with the Treo!).  I wasn't sure I was ready to go down that road again.  Boy am I glad I decided to go ahead and make the purchase.First, you won't hear any Sprint bashing from me.  I've been a customer of theirs for almost 6 years, and though they have their moments when I'd like to ring they're necks, all in all, I think they're an awesome company.  Besides, this review is about the Treo...not Sprint.Out of the box, I could see this was a device that would get a lot of use.  Love the fact that there is a keyboard (did I mention I hate graffiti???)  The phone (to me) is great (and yes, I'm including the speakerphone).  Good reception, not a lot of dropped calls, good volume and clarity (of course, I use a bluetooth most of the time...holding the phone up to my ear feels akward).  The camera is not the best...but its a camera phone...not a digital camera.  Its good enough for taking a few pics, but if you're wanting print quality, you would be better off using a digital camera.  I love the fact that this is also an mp3 player.  I use that feature ALL THE TIME.  A few words of advice on that...first DO NOT USE REAL PLAYER!!  It is AWFUL!!  Instead, download Pocket Tunes (you get a 14 day free trial, to buy it is $14.95 for the basic version which plays mp3, wav, or ogg vorbis or $34.95 for the deluxe, which plays mp3, wav, ogg vorbis, wma, and streaming audio).  The cost for either is well worth it (I got the deluxe edition as a download from sprint).  Just try the trial and you'll be convinced!After you purchase Pocket Tunes, you can download skins from their website: [...] to make the look of PT yours.  Also, once you get Pocket Tunes, you'll want to invest in a pair of stereo headphones (you only get a basic headset with the Treo), or you can just get an adapter from Palm.com that converts a standard 3.5mm jack to a 2.5mm jack that you can use with your Treo for audio(the adapter is $9.99 plus shipping).Another word of advice...get a nice big memory card (I got a 1 GB that was on sale at Best Buy).  I also have a second card that I keep games on (the 1 GB holds audios only...did I mention I LOVE the mp3 player feature?!)  I know a lot of people mentioned having problems with resets, but I found that I only had that problem when I overloaded my device with applications that could easily be stored on cards.  So now I keep audios and apps that I don't use often on cards, everything else goes right on the device.  Voila...problem solved...no annoying resets.If you're looking for software for the Treo, check out [...]  Once you register for free, you can begin to download all types of software (some freeware, some paid downloads), to really make your Treo YOURS.  A few downloads I recommend are (not all available at mytreo.net):  Chit Chat Lite (a free MSN messenger app), Pocket Tunes, Mobile DB (free on the Palm website), Voice Dial (free trial on the Palm website...its free to keep to dial by number only...you have to pay to dial by name), Avvenu (a free download on the Palm site that allows you to access your PC and all its documents through your Treo online), Palm PDF (free on mytreo.net), and whatever games you might like (I've got a Lemmings sim, a Tetris sim, a Minesweeper sim, and a few others...all free at mytreo.net).  If you're Muslim, I would highly recommend Fatwa Base and Salat Schedule (both free).I absolutely love my Treo...its my do everything life manager.  I do recommend also investing in a good Bluetooth headset to prevent having to use a standard headset (the jack is on the bottom, so its a bit inconvenient to use a regular headset with the treo in your pocket).  I got a Plantronics Discovery headset that I love. I could go on and on, but I sure you're sick of my word vomit by now!  Just know this: overall, great device...once you learn how to customize it and not overload it.

Utterly terrible reception (and I can't emphasize that strongly enough). I get "no service" in areas that I'd get four bars when using a phone that's $400 cheaper. I can't even get reception in my home! Owned it for two days, missed about a dozen calls. My guess is that you need to sit on top of a cell tower in order to make a call.Since there's no reception and it's useless as a phone, that makes this a $500+ PDA, which it clearly is not worth despite its pluses.  That said, the software freezes and crashes often.Before I returned it to the Sprint store I sat in my car and checked the reception. It said "No Service." How Ironic.

I have been a loyal Palm OS supporter for more than six years, ever since my first Palmpilot Pro.  I currently have a Treo 600 and I was looking forward to a higher resolution screen and better camera.Well, the screen is much nicer (in fact beautiful) and the camera works much better than the Treo 600, but there's a dirty little secret that PalmOne is trying hard to sweep under the rug.  The new Treo 650 uses an unbelievably inefficient memory filesystem that expands Palm Database (.PDB) files from 30% to 600%!!  My old Treo 600 had about 8MB of free space with all my applications and data, so I was using about 15MB of space, but when I tried to get all my data on the Treo 650, I found that I would need over 34MB of memory to store it all in the new filesystem.  The worst effected files are the data files, which usually *cannot* be stored and used from an SD memory card, so PalmOne's "poo-poo, just use a memory card" is almost laughable.If you can use a memory card, by the way, they *are* giving away 128MB SD cards for free to try to mollify their customers, but many applications cannot run from an SD card, and very few can access data stored on a memory card.If you're using more than about 8-12MB on your current palm or most of your usage is PDB files, then DON'T BUY THE TREO 650 without taking this into account, or you'll be sending yours back (at your expense) just like me.For reference, my contacts database went from 150KB to over 850KB and another database I use went from 400KB to 3.5MB!!!!On the other hand, if you don't need to store much data or use applications that can directly work with the SD card, then the Treo 650 is pretty sweet, although very pricey.

Treo 600 was well designed and the 650 is even better. It has migrated from a PDA phone to a Phone PDA. Alot of attention was paid to making sure that this is a cell phone with a pda features.(i.e. dedicated phone buttons, blue tooth, voice dailing button(need voice dialer software)And Treo 650 is a great pda with integrated keyboard and versamail installed. In addition there are lots of softwares that can be installed to make Treo 650 a mini laptop.

The Treo 650 is the flagship product from Palmone. My review is based on a 14 day experience with this Treo.The 650 works fine as a Palm PDA but more like entry level Zire PDA's. However one can have a better PDA experience even with mid priced PDA's like Tungsten E. The file system issues are so serious with this that Palmone is offering free SD cards (although not the right solution),[...]The phone side of 650 is very disappointing given the amount of time Handsrping/Palm/Palmone have been working on the Treo series. The phone part is simply not yet ready for use as an everyday cell phone. Lots of calls get dropped even in perfect signal areas (other cell phones don't have this trouble in same areas). The battery life is nothing stellar if you use it for long calls. The reception is below average and so is the sound quality. The volume even at its max is not loud enough for most people, forget about using this in noisy streets of NYC etc.People on the other end also had troubles with the Treo, many complained that my voice was too low on their side. Also one thought I had hung up on her, when it was my Treo that got disconnected without any warning.The other gadget features like camera, mp3 playback etc are all secondary to me. If a phone doesn't work as a phone reliably then its no good. Constant reboots and soft resets are not my expectations from a cell phone. So I am back to my T|E + flip Samsung combo and the Treo is back with the retailer.I feel that Palmone put all their eggs in one Treo basket and failed. They haven't made any new PDA's (apparently they are focusing their energies on Treo line) and neither have they created a working smartphone. If I were a Palmone or Palmsource shareholder I had dump them asap.Ofcourse Treo fanboys (and fangirls?) won't like my review but truth is that this device is too expensive for it does (or claims to do). Imagine dropping a $600 device on the pavement (like it happens with most cell phones) and ending up with a paperweight? Nothing will loose money faster than this overpriced "smartphone", it costs almost as much as new entry level laptops!Palm OS lovers would be better served by choosing a reliable cell phone and a Palm PDA. Atleast you will be able to make your phone calls!

Any combination phone and PDA is going to be a compromise -- it will be either too big for a phone or too small for a PDA. The Treo 650 seems to have struck a reasonable balance. It fits easily into a jacket pocket or hangs unobtrusively from a belt clip, yet it offers a reasonable screen size and a functional QWERTY keyboard.With the unlimited data plan from Sprint, you'll have the Web and your e-mail at your fingertips throughout the day.Perhaps one of the best things about the Treo is the supportive developer and user community. There are a lot of great tools out there, with more coming every day.

And like some of the reviews it had it's issue's to begin with.  The issue's were Roaming problems, People telling me that they couldn't understand what I was saying, the mail client not work, I guess thats about it.Well, about 2+ months ago sprint emailed me and gave me the instructions to upgrade my phone.  BIG improvement!!!  The voice improvement was so great people asked me if I got a new phone!!  Th e mail client now works without a hitch.  And the roaming now works with no issue's whatsoever.My only gripe now is that you still can't use the phone as a bluetooth modem, but I've gotten assurances that is coming.I love this phone, it truely is a fully packed PDA that also works as a great phone.  I recommend this phone 5+ Stars!!

This phone does everything I need it to do and more.  I have been thoroughly impressed with the many functions, especially the now accessible bluetooth dial-up networking feature that was unlocked- allows surfing on my laptop at a great speed.  Resets every once in a while while using the internet, but other than that, it is a superb phone.

Qualifiers: I am a Mac OS user, live near a major highway, and work in a major urban  (read: solid digital coverage). I am usually surrounded by computers, but am increasingly finding myself engaged in business travel, offsite meetings, and the like.For me, the Treo 650 rocks.Claims that it replaces a laptop are bunk. However, it can totally suffice when no other computer access is available. (Our company firewall went down and the only way I could connect to the internet was with my phone. THAT was a first.) Software can extend the Treo's capabilities, just as with any other computer, so having access to services like IMAP email accounts (the built-in VersaMail only does POP), Instant Messaging, and so forth really are what make the high price tag actually worth it (but yes, you do have to pay for the add-on software from third parties).I've had no problems with build quality, or with setup or service from Sprint. $15/mo. for unlimited wireless internet access? Worth it to me, based on my current internet usage patterns (so, of course, your mileage may vary).This is a digital-only phone, so service quality is directly tied to PCS digital coverage, so just be forewarned. The keyboard is great, but very small, so watch those carpal tunnels. ;-) The camera is low-rez, but it's great as a backup (only an idiot would try to use a 2004-era phone as their main digital camera - that's like serving water with a slotted spoon). Given that the Treo *is* a computer, it does crash. If you can't handle a brief reboot of your phone from time to time, don't even bother. It's not happened so often that it's been a major usability issue for me. The voice quality was skimped on, but there is apparently a firmware hack floating around to improve that (hopefully Palm will release an official patch).The Bluetooth syncing just works, for me, on both Mac OS and PC. On the Mac, downloading Apple's iSync conduit will allow full syncing with iCal and Address Book (sadly, minus categories and photos).Having gone from the basic, bare-bones 1999 phone to this, it's been - dare I say it - a life-changing experience. It's not perfect, nothing is...but is it useful given it's limitations? Without a doubt.

I "upgraded" from a Tungsten T3 and am still not sure if I can handle the much smaller screen, tiny RAM cache, and missing buttons.I too have suffered several spontaneous reboots in the past 6 days of ownership.  Many of these (and the reliability complaints in other reviews) can probably be attributed to the drastic changes made to the memory configuration.  The 650 basically has an internal memory card that provides most of it's main memory.  This is great for nonvolatility (such as when changing batteries), but bad for slowness and incompatibility problems for many existing programs.  To help with the slowness, there is a small amount (10 MB) of real RAM, but that isn't enough for many applications such as games and those that use a lot of data.  Incidentally, the Tungsten T5 has been panned for the same problem.  I bought a 1GB SD card, so I was able to install all the applications from my old PDA;  I just couldn't get some of them to run.This all manifests itself in OS crashes.  You know it's happened when the device inexplicably starts rebooting itself.  I'm curious why a company so obsessed with backward compatibility made a change that breaks so many programs (such as StreetFinder), and who responds with the comment that we should contact each program's manufacturer to see if they'll rewrite their software just to work with the 650.  Sheesh!That being said, my main complaint is that that the Treo's Bluetooth stack is very minimal at best.  It only supports the hands-free profile.  Even though the documentation says "headset" in many places, it doesn't truly support headsets for MP3s, Audible books, and the like.  This fact is buried on page 69 of the manual: "Please note, however, that you cannot use a headset with Bluetooth wireless technology to listen to MP3 files".  After downloading the Bluetooth car kit patch, I am able to use the phone hands-free in my car, but I'm curious why a brand new device needed a patch already for a fairly mature/stable technology.My last big complaint is that they took away so many of the usability features that I'd gotten used-to on my last Palm.  They took away many of the hardware buttons, which make many of the classic games now unplayable.  With the T3, I had 5 buttons that I could customize, Now there are only 3 and one of those is really needed for the phone, so there are really only 2 available.  They also took away the wake-up functionality of the buttons; you now have to press the power-on button, wait for the device to wake up, and then press one of the buttons.  Maybe a future patch will enable each of the keyboard keys to be a button.  And they took away the always-present toolbar.  This was probably due to optimizations with the smaller screen, but I'd like to be able to make the choice.  With the loss of the toolbar, you lose the drop down list of past applications and only have sporadic access to the clock, a Bluetooth control icon, and a few other icons.The bottom line is that many, many concessions were made to the PDA functionality in order to cram the phone features in.  If having everything in one device is very important to you, then this probably isn't a bad choice.  But if you consider yourself a PDA power-user, you're probably better off going with a real PDA and a real phone.  If you're mostly interested in games and such, the N-Gage or Zodiac devices would probably meet your needs better.  The N-Gage even has a phone.

I've had the Treo 650 for four days and I've missed over 50% of my incomming phone calls.  Why?  Because it reboots at random times all day.... it shuts off at random times all day... and it doesn't reboot with the phone enabled.Excellent.Add to that- The email linking is inconsistant - even with simple POP email accounts - The treo fails to connect over 50% of the time.  What's the point???So I did some research.  I grabbed the 1.08 OS patch from PALM... too bad it didn't fix anything.I'm returning the phone. It's the most expensive call blocker I've ever purchased.  I've missed emergency phone calls becuase of it's flakey OS!!!This thing may look good on paper, but it doesn't actually function in person.Speaker phone is useless... Call Volume problems.... Buggy operation:BUYER BEWARE.-M

I am an owner for over 8 months now and have a love and hate relationship with it.  A full list of pros and cons would take pages -- i scraped it after less than half way -- so I will try to point out some important strengths and pitfalls.  My suggestion to anyone who is considering the 650:  note what features are must-haves to decide.  if it's a close call, wait for something else.  there are quite a few new products that are likely to be better next year.The Good:  ergonomics; build quality; the screen (the BEST on any handheld i have ever seen, and i have seen many PPCs and Nokias); very usable keyboard; decent phone audio quality; and lastly being used as a modem over BlueTooth.  Sprint now officially allows the 650 to be used as a modem, so with a bluetooth adapter, you can literally get on the net from ANYWHERE.  This is much better than searching for hotspot with Wifi.The Bad:  phone application still needs more work (no dial by letters??); camera quality is still quite poor (very smudgy); PalmOS 5.4 is ill-suited for a convergence device (single-tasking); the included web browser, Blazer, renders pages nicely but is EXTREMELY SLOW in rendering (completely unrelated to download speed); no additional networking applications bundled except web and email (forget about IMing without paying more); very limited main memory for additional applications and few applications run on the expansion card; expect to purchase more software as most (useful) palm applications are not free; the headphone jack is at the BOTTOM, making it difficult to listen to music/phone while keeping the 650 in the pocket; headphone jack is also very fragile that can cause earpiece to malfunction and calls to hang up; voice calls may not come in while data is being used; and finally, yes, it crashes often.Yes, the list of "bad" is long but it's still possibly the least worst product of this type right now.  While I am bitter with some of the pitfalls that probably shouldn't be there in the first place, for the most part it serves my purpose:  being able to get on the net and type with a keyboard just about anywhere and any time.  Try doing that with a laptop while waiting at a bus stop.

I used a 600 for about 6 months before pre-ordering the 650.  I used it for 2 weeks and returned it because I preferred the 600.  Both are fine devices, but neither has really fixed all the issues yet.The Pros:Beautiful Screen - Hi-Res just makes a huge difference and it seems much brighter, tooBluetooth - for syncing and handsfreemore memory - well, a little, at leastbetter button layout - the addition of the phone buttons and move of menu to the top of the keyboard is much betterVersaMail - better than Mail, but just barelyThe Cons:SLOW - it takes about 3x as long to turn on as the 600 - no idea why (this is quite possibly just a quality control issue)Bluetooth - wouldn't keep my preferred connections - had to re-verify about every 3 times I used it- no DUN (ability to use as a wireless modem via bluetooth) - there is a hack to enable, but it is pretty unstable - Sprint has said they will fix this soonSoftware - this is probably the cause for the slowness, but there are other issues, too- many of my favorite programs for the 600 crashed the 650 (or won't work because the buttons don't map the same - like Klondike)Some stupid changes:1) You can't remove the new mail icon from the main screen, which makes you do an extra down motion to get to contacts2) buttons - reduced the number of customizable buttons - WHY?3) the four way button can't be programmed to go directly to something - have to use the favorites4) bigger hotsync connector5) useless (basically) side button keeps you from using the old cases without modificationOther comments:you do have speed dial - one for every button on the keyboard, if you want (including voicemail)you can get a program SmartPhoneTools, for the 600 that gives you great control over your minutes tracking and call log - get it! - and hopefully they'll make a 650 version soon.contacts is great once you learn to use it - but you have to have your information correctly labeled (EG don't label the mobile number "email" or it won't show at the right times)After 10 years (I had a US Robotics Palm 5000) of using graffiti, I can type as fast on the keyboard of the Treo after 6 months - you'd be surprised.BTW - use PDANet to get decent speeds as a modem for your laptop.(Disclosure:  I do not have anything to do with the programs named, nor am I responsible if they don't work for you.  I like them, I bought 'em, YMMV)

I have had this phone almost 6 weeks (40 days).  At 3 weeks the middle row of keys stopped working (a, s, d, f, and g, etc).  I was told to call Palm in India, which I did, and they told me the keys were not covered under warranty.I truly wish I were making this up, because I have really loved Palm.  This is my fourth Palm device, though it will likely be my last.  I run a small real estate company which works with wireless telecom providers throughout the nation.  My hope for this device was that I could stop carrying three devices (my cell phone, my Palm T3 and my laptop).  And then, that all my guys could stop carrying all these devices around.Of course, when I took the phone to Sprint, they said it was Palm's responsibility to repair.  When I raised a stink with them they just looked at me with blank eyes, as they always do.  Sprint seems like they are in the business of trying to run customers off.I called India back and raised enough of a stink, that they said they would give me - this one time - a "free return and repair," meaning I would be without my phone for 5-10 business days. They also gave me the option of paying them an additional $25 to get a refurbished replacement, complete with a 90-day warranty (which I now know means nothing).  These people honestly acted like they were doing me the biggest favor by offering me this repair.I was then effectively called a liar by Palm / India when I had to re-emphasize that the keys just don't work, and that I needed something immediately.  I don't understand how I can be made to feel like a criminal when I deal with these people, or how I can be made to feel like they're doing me a favor by standing behind their product.  I am the customer!  Doesn't that mean anything anymore?I am also not sure I understand how customer service in general has become so bad (though Amazon's remains very, very good).  When a person spends $400 on a phone, or any device, it should work longer than a few weeks.  But when it does stop working, the company that sold it should stand behind their product, instead of looking for ways to squirrel out of their responsibility.  Subsequent to this occurrence, other friends / colleagues have told me how they had problems with their Treo 650s, as well.There are other issues with this phone.  Out of the box, the power/sync cord did not work.  I returned that to Sprint and got a tremendous hassle in trying to get it replaced.  (I ended up buying a Seidio charger/cradle, which works fine.) The sound is pretty bad - I am constantly having to adjust the volume.  Every so often, the phone just resets itself - can't figure this one out at all.  Also, when someone calls in on Call-Waiting, you cannot disconnect your active call without disconnecting the incoming call; in other words, when you accept the Call-Waiting call, it automatically means two calls will run simultaneously, even when the first party hangs up.  This plays heck on your monthly minutes.Also, there are limited, non-intuitive ways you have to power on the phone.  And don't get this phone for its camera: cell phone cameras are only good for placing pictures on that cell phone.Otherwise, all the Palm applications work as they should, and as they have for the past number of years.  Expect nothing new and different from the Palm OS part of the Treo.All in all, I am firm in my opinion that I will never own another Palm device.  My company will stop using Palm, and we are going to slowly migrate away from Sprint (when contracts start to expire).My apologies for the rant, but it simply seems that these companies have become much bigger than their customers.  Excuse me if I just let them move on without me.Are there any companies out there that provide good customer service anymore?  I know mine tries to; otherwise, we're out of business.

I am not too picky when it comes to a PDA phone, if I can keep my outlook calendar, appointment, and call the contact store on it, I'm happy! But I do wish the Treo 600 can be better!I had the Treo 600 for almost 1 year and upgraded to Treo 650 as soon as PalmOne asked me to that's because Parts of my prayer has been answered: A better screen resolution; touch screen is more sensitive than the 600, I use my finger instead of the stylus now; camera is a lot clearer and the zoom works great; removable battery is really handy to use that fully charged spare one any time; my favorite bluetooth is built-in. And that little keyboard lites up in bright blue and white is very easy to read. Thanks to the faster processor, the program loads a lot faster.However, I am still looking for the built-in WiFi, and the bluetooth does not take voice command; reboot is not as easy as Treo 600. I do not notice the boot up being slow because I rarely have to. However, I did notice that it takes up more internal memory and thus make the available ram less than 10MB the first time I turned it on. (Palm is doing a flash upgrade to fix this, so I heard.) With an SD card, I put a bunch of application on it to get around this until it get fixed. And I was able to have about 18MB available internally.I like this new Treo 650, as to all my handheld gadgets, I bought a fitted case to protect it. If you like me want to keep everything in perfectly nice looking condition, I recommad a case and a screen protector. Remember, this is a hefty investment comparable to a PC, this Treo 650 may even be your home phone, make sure it is well-protected.

I ordered this phone last week direct from PalmOne.I am in love with the design concept and was really looking forward to enjoying all the cool features.Sadly, my phone had problems right out of the box -- it kept rebooting, or freezing.  I then spent 1.5 hours on hold with PalmOne before I could talk to a live person.They informed me that my unit was defective and sent me a replacement -- which is also malfunctioning in the same way straight out of the box.Another 1 hour on hold to talk to somebody got me a response that they only will provide one courtesy replacement, and that the unit will now have to be shipped to their repair facilities to be reworked and returned to me.  I expect that will take weeks.If you are interested in knowing what you're getting into with this product, run an internet search on "Treo 650 quality problems".  The pages are endless.Apparently the first release of these phones have very serious quality problems.I have also talked to some business associates who have bought large quantities for their employees --- the feedback I got was that about 1 in 4 phones was defective and had to be returned.I'm personally really disappointed -- the phone really has a great set of features built into it -- as well as the overall packaging and design were exactly what I was looking for.

Great phone, but you really need to baby it. I had mine on a holster clip when I got into my car and the screen bumped the seatbelt post. Poof... All gone

I have now had the Palm One Treo 650 in use for 1 full week.  It is  easy to use and wonderfully designed.  Sprint's 1xRTT PCS vision data network is much too slow and does not allow the Treo user to take full advantage of its possibilities. I have used it frequently for email, but am quite frustrated at the speed of web downloads. I am reminded of 1994 dial up speeds of 9.6kbps.. dreadful!  Otherwise, the blazer browser is fully capable of downloading an entire webpage as displayed on any copmuter based web browser.Battery life is exceptional. I have used for complete day, 1.5 hours of phone calls, web browsing, email access and still 51% battery charge come evening.Palm should have included more memory than the 32meg's (23 available)  Some programs need to run on system and can not be run of additional (optional expansion card)System reboots itself occasionally, (still attemtping to isolate that problem)Perfect blend of PDA/Telephone

THE CONCEPT OF THE PHONE AND ITS ABILITY IS GREAT BUT PALM JUSTCANNOT MAKE A RELIABLE PRODUCT. I HAD OLDER TREO REPLACED BY REMANUFACTURED ITEM 3 TIMES IN 18 MONTHS.FINALLY GAVE UP AND WAS TOLD THE 650 WAS MUCH BETTER. QUIT WORKING 31 DAYS AFTER PURCHASE. SPRINT REFUSED TO REPAIR OR REPLACE UNLESS THEY WERE PAID 85.00 OR GO TO TREO. FINE BUT TREO SAYS ITS SPRINT, SPRINT SAYS ITS TREO. APPARENTLY SPRINT HAD SUCH BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THE RELIABILITY OF TREO THEY QUIT WARRANTY AND YOU MUST PURCHASE INSURANCE IMMEDIATELY WITH IT OR"GOOD LUCK"

player resets once a week. drop calls. don't get what you pay for. don't recommend a hard reset, will lose all data.

The Treo 650 is a fully loaded, feature rich pda-phone, but is a little pricey. Be sure to upgrade to the latest firmware for the best quality voice reception. Accesories are slightly expensive, but so is the phone. The camera is decent to use.I'm glad HandSpring's done away with the old flip-phones that always broke, even if you never once drop them.

Take note, as of Jan 1, 2006, Sprint is now charging to replace a broken/defective Treo 650 ( Even though you pay over $500 and the unit is under warranty!).  I purchased the 650 in March 2005 and have had to replace the unit twice now.  Problems include:  headset port failure, rebooting while using the phone and calendar as well as very poor blue tooth support. Keep in mind, that the poor "bluetooth " support rules out using a bluetooth headset.  And now in order to have your Treo 650 repaired,  Sprint is requiring more $$s / month, in the form of a maint agreement. And on top of the maint agreement, beware that Sprint / Nextel has $$ deductibles on those fabulous agreements.  But more importantly,  we all just enjoy that "Sprint service."  We look forward to spending hours of our plentiful "spare time"  waiting in line at our favorite Sprint store....

This little gadget is the best thing ever!! A phone and a pda in one......what more could you ask for.  It saves room and does it all. I love the bluetooth capability, the web is great (although it can be slow at times), and having all of my contacts, calendar, and phone in one is the best!!Highly recommended!

I'm a new Treo user. And I like the phone... the button are bigger. I wish it had voice dialing like my old Samsung i500... but after owning it for 4 days... the buttons jammed on my Treo already! Amazon has reacted quickly... but how can the phone already break... Right now the 2 button and the 5 button are jammed to the point that it won't let the phone dial. I hope my new Treo does not have the same problem. Anyone else face this?

I've had the Treo 650 for months, and agree with most other raters that it had problems.  It reset spontaneously, had 50% less usable memory than the 600 and the phone quality was not as good.  Palmone has updated the ROM now and fixed all these problems.  My usable memory went from 5 mb to almost 11mb, and the phone is now completely stable.  No need for reservations anymore.  The ROM update is not yet available for Cingular, but will be, I suppose, eventually.
