
I just got my T Mobile MDA/HTC Wizard?Qtek 9100 form factor PDA/phone yesterday after much hype and several missed release dates. So far it is okay, I had several weird issues so far, including a couple of soft resets to get this unit back on track. My most important programs transferred from my HP 6315 (the unit that the MDA is replacing) I am very happy with the layout and design of the unit, it seems like I did not lose much even though the screen is much smaller that my old iPAQ, it did not take long to get used to. The resolution is great and it looks really bright and the cleartype function looks great. The phone documentation is made for someone that has already used this type of PDA/ Phone, a novice would have a difficult time at best, and I still have not found any reference to the volume slider on the side of the phone (finally.) The phone quality is okay; it feels decent in your hand although I wish that they would have used a little more aluminum instead of plastic to finish the case with. At any rate it is decent looking and feels okay. The first really big gripe that I personally have is (what happened to the backup feature in the 4.1 active sync?) If you are like me always experimenting with software combinations that sometimes reek havoc on the OS, backup capabilities are a necessity that is going to make my life miserable somewhere in the near future (probably when the next ROM upgrade is released.) Knowing T Mo as I do that will be sometime in the very distant future. The keyboard slide mechanism is cheesy at best, being a power user I foresee that being my first trouble area, I will let you know how it turns out. Basically I was not that put off by my old 6515, at first the initial software issues had me climbing the walls, but the long time coming fix took care of most of my issues. Still the phone quality seemed sturdier than the MDA that replaced it. So far as a phone is basically barely gets by when it comes to reception (much like my 6315) I will keep you posted on how ticked off it gets me in the up coming weeks of use. On the plus side it seems like Windows Mobile 5.0 has resolved some of WM 2003's inherent quirks, like needing to add a program like the Resco Explorer to enhance organization of my folders that the 2003 OS could not handle. Again, I will update this site with additional reasons not, or to spend the $270.00 dollars, plus a two year contract extension that this item cost

I bought my first MDA about a year and a half ago. I was excited to have it at first just because it was my first smartphone. Then, I quickly realized that this phone was not all I thought it was cracked up to be. The design is poor and not very well thought out. The phone is awkward. It is a huge clunky hot mess. I had all of the same problems with the touch screen, stylus, battery, and reception that all of the oher reviewers had. I finally got fed up with this phone a few weeks ago when it wouldn't hold a charge for a whole day, even on standby. I bought 2 new batteries and none of them would hold a charge. Apparently, the MDA was sucking the life out of them. Rather than using the insurance for the 3rd time to get another MDA, I ended up getting a Blackberry Pearl. It is so much better than the MDA. Since T-Mobile customers cannot get the iPhone, the Blackberry Pearl is the next best thing. Check it out instead and avoid this phone like the plague.

When my Motorola A630 took an unexpected spin in my washing machine, I looked for another phone that had the things I liked about the A630 (the flip out qwerty keyboard) and also compensated for some of the things I didn't like about the A630 (the lack of real PDA functionality).  So I found the treo.  Since I was pretty happy with the T-Mobile service and they do not have the treo, I got the MDA.There are some things that annoyed me about this unit right away, that I have since gotten used to.  How you shift to the "symbol" keys (all the non-alphabetic characters, including numbers) is very non-inuitive and isn't in the "getting started" guide.  You press the key in the very bottom left TWICE to stay on the symbol keys.  There is no on-screen feedback that says what mode it is in (i.e. whether you are locked on alpha or symbol mode).  When you are in symbol mode, you cannot use the backspace key.Unlike the Palm devices and my A630, it does not change the mode based on the type of field you are on.  For instance, say...you are entering a phone number (I know this is a really weird thing to add to a phone)...it does not switch you to symbol mode when you are on a phone field.One more annoying thing, is that there is no keystroke you can program that will lock the device.  You can obviously go to the "Today" screen and lock it from there, but I have not found a way to lock it using a program that can be assigned to one of the buttons.Now that I've gotten through the annoyances...I must say I really dig this phone.  I have it hooked up through the Wi-Fi network in my house and use it in T-Mobile's hotspots to get hi-speed internet access.  The screen is pretty crisp and it syncs up well with Outlook using infra-red and USB.It comes with a pretty good client for Yahoo Instant Messenger that I use.  It also comes with access to AOL and some other client that I don't use.The sound quality of the device is pretty good.One more thing, if you are calling or messaging people that are not in your address book, using the buttons on the touch-screen to dial can be very difficult, and you might as well just use the  stylus.  Once you get everyone you call or message into your phone book this isn't such a big deal.

I bought this phone from a different vendor ( No need to buy the data plan, and still get the phone free) and this phone is simply awesome. I live in Northern VA, and I did not have any issues with  connecting to T-Mobile network.Phone does take a long time to boot, but registers to network in seconds, has cool wi-fi, and with registry tweaks this phone will be your cool toy.I simply love this phone, and my old P800 is nothing compared to this phone.

Dear Sidekick II,I'm sorry. I really am. I went and had an affair when I knew I loved you already. Please, take me back. I apologize for ever saying anything bad about you, ever leaving my keys in the same pocket with you, or dropping you on the floor or the ground.You see, her name was the T-Mobile MDA. She's got all these great features like integrated wi-fi support, EDGE high speed data, Windows Mobile 5.0, a smaller frame than you, and a brighter screen. Her curves are sleeker, her colors more vibrant, and her face was touchable.She even has the ability to play video, MP3s, and streaming radio from the internet. She's got a lot more memory than you do also, and the ability to add more via her miniSD slot, making it easy to store tons of files. She had plenty of space for new applications and games from the internet, too.Not only that, but she gave me the ability to make a phone call over wi-fi to anyone in the world using Skype for PocketPC. I had to tweak the settings a bit and overclock her to get her to do it, but it really was amazing. Talking to other nerds never has been so fun.Now, you might wonder why I'm writing you at all after having this affair... well... I realized it was a mistake. Like any affair, it was short, sweet and I regretted it after. Things started to get ugly once I found out more about her.Dating MDA was expensive. The fees were $10 more a month for data with MDA, and the transitions between using wi-fi, EDGE, and GPRS weren't as seamless as I wanted. Her interface would lag for no reason sometimes as a rogue program stole CPU away from my precious task, and she wouldn't even let me speak.I kept thinking about your interface, and how seamlessly everything worked together. It only took me a few seconds to send messages through you. Scrolling through email fields, or sending someone a photo was like a walk on a summer beach.These tasks were a chore with MDA. Navigating through useless menus in Windows Mobile that seemed like they were jammed onto it without any thought about usability for a cell phone got annoying. Fast.Her camera took 1.4 megapixel photos, but they were washed out and blurry, almost like she was coming back from a hard night of drinking.I sent her back today. I was thinking about waiting for your new model. The company that made you would never let me down in delivering your upgrade, would they? I am desperately waiting for it.Please, Sidekick II, take me back. You know I care about you.I promise I won't wander from home again. At least until your sister is here.Signed,DanP.S. Lets never fight again.

I agonized between the MDA and 8700G. I decided on the MDA and took delivery of my first MDA on Wednesday. I struggled with poor phone reception, synchronization problems and frequent lock ups. Through all the frustration, I found the ergonomics better than I expected and felt I could make good use of the device if I could get one that worked properly.I opted to try another one and got lucky. This one rocks! Good reception, stable performance and a very useful suite of applications. There is no doubt you are using a Windows device and navigation through the OS is nearly identical to a desktop.Both MS Word and Excel work well given the limited display real estate. The option of either landscape or portrait orientations is very handy. Powerpoint works well though smaller fonts are difficult and often impossible to read. The MS Media player works well and is integrated with the phone application such that any material played on the Media player is auto muted when a phone call comes in. An expected feature but still pretty cool. I have installed MS Voice command which is a very nice compliment to the device. In addition to making voice activated calls, I can call up applications and even tell the unit to find and play music.Wireless connectivity is good. 802.11X is pretty fast and browsing is as good as it gets given the small screen. Email works well. I have not text messaged so I don't know how well that feature is integrated.The keyboard is stable and works fine for me. It does not have a num lock which can be a nuisance but not a show stopper. One button email, Internet and phone actuation is convenient.I had a Treo 600 previously and still love the device. Some tasks are simpler on the Treo. Overall, the feature set of the MDA is superior. The MDA with higher res screen, browsing, wi-fi and MS apps is much more convenient than pulling out the laptop for most of my remote connectivity needs.I am very pleased with the unit and recommend it for anyone looking for a "laptop light product". My next goal is to get it "Skyped" for international calling.

the only prob is that the touch screen starts to act a lil funny after a few months. you have to realign it alot, as is the issue with most touch screens. (beware iphone junkies). other than that its cool.

The phone is truly a value for money. It has tons of features and all of them work seamlessly. Truly an amazing phone.

just got this phone from Amazon and i am truly satisfied by the features it offers. My main concerns for buying this phone is faster browsing, IM and Wifi. All of them work flowlessly. Connecting my home Wifi and at work was a breeze. And whenever i didnt have wireless it connected to the GPRS.i dont care about the camera, cause i dont use phone cameras to take pictures. So far i have found the features great, and the phone performance wont be sluggish, if u have some common sense to close the programs running on the background.Go to Settings > memory > running programs  and close the programs that u arent using, that will increase the phone performance dramatically.I installed PocketTv for WM5 and played a several MPEG movies there, it was amazing, no lag, break ups what so ever. Waiting for the 2Gb MiniSD, so i can watch a full movie on my MDA.This is an awsome piece of work, for people who say this is not a good phone, either u are dumb or some one who has no technological knowledge to use this phone, should stay away from the MDA instead of dissing it !

I can`t believe why so many people have so many complaints about such a great phone/pda. First off this is one of the most advanced pda smartphones available. It runs WM5, wi-fi, IE, and so much more. Its technology so obviously it is not always going to work perfectly, and what does? Some people just have false ideals.One more thing, some people have posted that they cancelled their internet acct with t-mobile with no problem. There is a problem, one reason this phone is free is because you are getting the internet. If you read amazon's terms and conditions they reserve the right to charge the other 250 dollars if you change your billing amount to anything less than what was origanlly selected (i.e., internet package). Just something you may of wanted to consider.BTW - I wrote this review using the thumbboard of my great MDA!

The phone certainly has some things on the plus side. WIFI, QUADBAND, etc. It just has to many quirks to use. I have had the phone two months and I am giving up.- Lost two stylus in two months, they loosen up over time and slide out of the compartment- If you leave phone unlocked, the side buttons for camera, etc.. are constantly getting activated.- During a phone call if you hold the phone up to your face you can hang up easily due to the touch senstive screen, you really need a headset, the included stereo one is nightmare of wires.. go bluetooth- The Windows interface always leaves commonly used items such as alarms, network setup, closing running programs too many clicks or menus away..- Terrible performance, they put in a substandard processor. Things constantly lag. I have used a colleagues PocketPC and was amazed at the difference.I have given the phone a two month chance, I just don't want to keep spending my time updating and learning how to work around the quirks, when you buy a phone that is retailing for $500, you should be damanding and the phone/PDA should at least be close to your expectations.OL

I got this phone a few days ago and I think I have spent about ten solid hours getting up and running. Overall my impression is mixed and I am not sure if I will be keeping it. The one major complaint with the 6315 was lockups when you use all the features especially call-waiting. This device seems to be more stable but there are a few things that I have observed that I am not very impressed with and they are as follows:1) Battery life seem to be relativly poor, with my usage I need to charge it in the middle of the day or I run out of juice2) The wireless functions seem to be limited in the sense that it is difficult to browse multiple networks and select easily and I am not sure if it is Mobile 5.0 or the phone design.3) The OS seems sluggesh especially if you are recieiving a message of syncing to your PC. (the 6315 didn't have that latency issue)4) The stylist is small and feels slightish5) The Battery cover is cheap and light. I would hate to drop it and you know that will happen at some point.6) I would prefer more screen realestate7) The case supplied is cheap and low qualityOther the those things I am mildly impressed. I will put it thru its paces and report back agin shortly,Good luck if you plan to buy this item, I think it will require tender love and care!

Brought this device and am very happy with it. Its one device which has it all (replaces my phone, ipod, digital camera and pager) Here  are some of the ways I am utilizing this phone.- Great form factor for a smartphone, they could have made it even slimmer if they had eliminated the keyboard.- Plays m4a (itunes format) songs using the inbuilt Windows Media Player. This was my biggest surprise, I just moved my entire ipod library over on to a 2GB SD card so now I dont need to carry my ipod any more.- Camera is decent, but not good enough for memorable photos. However eliminates another device to carry  for 'on the spur' snaps. Also has a video recorder on it and you can save pictures/clips to the 2GB SD card- Pocket Excel is great to have. I just moved over my master contact list (which was already in an excel spreadsheet on my PC) to my phone. One can cut and paste entries into the phone application which is super convenient.- Windows OS comes bundled with lot of applications (email client, browser, games) unlike other OS smartphones where one may have to pay extra . Lots of free/paid apps also available online.- Wifi is awesome, most cities will be having  free coverage soon, so you need not be tied to the hotspots. I do get 1 Mbps connections via my home wireless network.-  Email Client. Works great with pop3/imap servers. Can access my corporate and personal emails, with the pullout keyboard its very easy to compose and send emails. pdf/doc viewer included  for viewing email attachments.- Can synch inbuilt calendar with other external corporate calendars using additional software like SynchML.- Web Browser lets you browse websites as full html just like your PC, so one is not limited to simplified mobile sites (WAP). Of course not as fast as your pc though, but works.- Can install the free ebook viewer for reading ebooks, also software available out there to convert dvd movies to smaller media files to watch movies like a video ipod.- Voice activated dialing actually works (and quite well too). Press a button, speak a name and thats it.Bluetooth feature is great for speaking while driving.- Use it as a sms pager, you can set up a email address for paging [...]

The device is somewhat cumbersome to lock and unlock.  Even when locked, pressing a single button will result in the phone answering a call.  I often hear voices from my pocket.  Someone has called me.  I didn't hear the ringer.  The phone bumped up against my keys and answered.  Outgoing calls are about 50 percent intentional and 50 percent unintentional.  About 20 percent of the time, I hang up on people inadvertently by holding the phone to my ear.My previous phone was also a Windows Mobile unit, but it was a flip-phone design from Motorola.  I didn't have any of these issues with the Motorola.  Flip open to answer; flip close to hang up.  The full keyboard on the MDA is very nice for sending text messages.  My email stopped working after a few days; I think because an internal memory filled up.A lot of operations on the MDA require the use of the stylus, which is quite awkward.Retrieving voicemail is difficult.  When you press keys during a call, e.g., to delete or save a voicemail message, the phone thinks that you want to look up a contact.  So it obscures the keypad with contacts that match the voicemail deletion commands you've typed so far.  You no longer have any way to type numbers.Integration among applications is not complete.  For example, if you put a phone number in a calendar entry, you'd think that the software would be smart enough to recognize that it is a phone number and let you highlight it with the stylus and dial.  No such luck.  With a lot of gymnastics you can highlight the number, copy it to the clipboard, move over to the phone app, paste the number from the clipboard, and finally dial.I have a friend who is a successful user of this device.  I am in awe of him.

Finally, a product where they actually made the functions intuitive and user friendly!I started off with Treo's, and then moved onto a Sony Ericsson P910a (never even bothered with a Blackberry..... you've GOTTA have a touch screen), and this is by far the best thing I've found yet!  It actually works and functions like a mini-computer where the keyboard has the functionality to tab through settings, open new windows, and scroll through functions.  Rich user graphics for the touch-pad screen gives you the ability to scroll through functions by either using the keyboard or touching the screen, it's great!Battery life is wonderful, and there are loads of downloads online that cost nothing (most importantly to improve upon the small graphical phone dial that comes pre-programmed).Sync program actually allows you to go inside the phone, add files into folders.  It also has Powerpoint, Excel, and Word (not some gimmickie program that "converts" so you can read a file, but not edit it, or ever get it back into the original), that transfer easily back and forth from phone to computer.If you are a Smartphone searcher, this is UNQUESTIONABLY the next level of Smart Phone!

this is the worst pda phone ever!! sure it couldve been great.  i do like the form factor.  but the thing is so non intuitive its sick.  it wont even synch with my computer after trying for several hours.  (i know my way around computers).  the thing just plain stinks.  reception is horrid too.

When I got the phone, I set up all the email prefs, added my phone numbers and tried wireless internet surfing. At first I loved the phone - I had such flexibility to send/receive email and was never out of touch.  Very handy!!Then a few weeks later things started happening to it.  Without any changes, the email settings were just lost.  I was without email access for several days until I had time to take a look at it and discovered that the incoming and outgoing mail servers were wrong. My password was wrong as well.Now I'm getting screen freezes as well.  It's not a dependable device - I can set everything up properly (over and over again) and then a few days later it's like I never set it up at all.I don't recommend this product, in fact I'm going to try to return it and replace it with something on which I can depend.

First of all, Id like to say one thing; This phone is amazing. Im 16 years old and I run an online business and I needed a phone that would give me access to everything my treo 650 did and more. As I searched, I came across this, the MDA. Now, the best thing about this phone would have to be the streaming media feature. I can watch tv, listen to music, and watch movies. The next best thing is the Calendar. I love it. I imported my entire year off of my treo 650 using the infared ports on both phones. I have access to all of my email, all the time, all my documents, all the time. This is just a great phone overall... I can barely get out what I want to say about it so Im gonna leave it at this. This phone is the $#!+... excuse my language lol but it is.

I'll make this short and sweet... I've had the phone for a month now.* This phone has excellent reception* Wi-fi and edge data works perfect to access the web* Gmail works perfectly and automatically (but took some figuring out to set up - you have to go to mytmobile.com to set it up)* I use gmail and google calendar/spreadsheets/etc - I don't use the outlook features.* The handwriting recognition is awesome, but I have no use for it.* Works perfectly with my bluetooth earset* Voice dialing actually works really well!* The built-in word/excel and pdf viewer work perfectly.* Works perfectly with my GPS - a TomTom Go 910 - to get live traffic updates and weather.My only issues:* The keyboard - I'm glad it's qwerty, but there's got to be a better way to type in numbers!  This took me about a week to get used to.  There should just be an extra row for numbers.* Typing a number in isn't bad, but I wish the touch screen keypad was just a bit larger.  There's a downloadable application to just say the numbers to dial, but I haven't tried it yet.

This unit has it all. quad freq, 1.3MP camera, Wifi G, bluetooth (can do 2 signals simultaneously), has word, excel, powerpnt, can play videos and audios files. the signal reception is even better than my T610! The learning curve is steeper but if u learn all there is to learn, its really great to work with! cant wait for the newer model!I had several Palm OS based devices and i thought i had it made until i got this unit... Just Fantastic! Superb! Stupendous!did you know? you can also get a $40 bluetooth GPS and use this unit like a GPS device in your car! did i say Fantastic? WOW!Originally, I was looking at Pocket PC units but then decided that at the price. i might as well look for a Pocket PC phone. I didnt even know there was one out there like this... i believed i saved money right there and then. at least $300! Granted the camera isnt as good as a dedicated camera. but with good lighting... its good enough! cant wait for the next generation HTC Hermes! FANTASTIC!

I bought my MDA 8 months ago and immediately used protector sheets on the screen, bought the nice holder for it...in short took care of it.  It recently started acting up and developing a dead spot right in the middle of the touch screen (you can see, but you can't select things in the dead spot).  The biggest thing is not being able to change the times for appointments, since you can only do it in its small window that sits under the same blind spot.  Luckily, I'm using the one year warranty and returning it to T-mobile in exchange for another one.Another headache that I'm having is that the small USB port on the bottom works on and off now, so I purchased a Bluetooth adaptor for the computer to do the sync...well, I had it configured, but you have to spend hours of research trying to do it...then it stopped syncing and now I have to spend hours again, that's not the MDa's fault...it's Activesync's and Bill gates though!

I have now had this phone for a week. I have had no problems with it at all. It has all the features i could want in a cell phone/pda. I have downloaded the Opera browser because Internet explorer doesnt let you have more than 1 window open at a time. The ringer on the phone is amazingly loud. Plus I just put a song from my pc as the ring tone. The clarity of the calls is amazing. That was a key concern when I was looking at the phone. I just thought they might concentrate more on the pocket pc part of the phone , than the actual phone itself. One reason I love this phone is it is quad-band. I had the SidekickII but it was only tri-band and didn't work in Maine where my parents live. This one works everywhere. The keyboard takes some adjusting, but it's usable once you get used to it.overall this is a great phone.

I may sound like I am championing T-Mobile with this little review. I've been a customer with them for 4 years, have owned 2 phones and was never disappointed with any of them so I decided to invest the small fortune (for me)in this device. The Sidekick seemed to teeny-bopper for me and the reviews I read weren't to glowing about it. After a couple of months of debating, reviewing, debating, reviewing, comparing and debating (yes I did it that much!)I decided to buy it. I've not had any service problems, phone wise. Some of the reviews I read stated that this device didn't work that well as a phone but I have to disagree. I've had no dropped calls (contrary to what Cingular wants you to believe lol). The reception is crystal clear. Actually the first time I used it I made a point of asking the person on the other end how I sounded. Their response? I was coming through loud and clear. No tinny-ness, static or echoing to be heard on either end. The voicedial is a plus as well.I also bought it because I'm big into text messaging my friends (one reason I considered the Sidekick II as well). I just slide the top up and it reveals a nicely placed keyboard that doesn't make my thumbs cramp up like the traditional style cell phone keypads. Sending a text is quick and easy!As a PDA it works wonderfully well for me. The features I use most are the calendar to schedule changes at work,the notepad and the contacts feature to keep my address book up to date. Since this is still a fairly new device to me, I'm still figuring out most of the programs.I love that I can make clips of true tone songs and sync them onto my device.I love the web browser as well. I don't use T-Mobile's internet package either (a bit to pricey for me) but what I do since it has a working modem, is program the local access numbers for my internet provider as my connection and viola! It does use up my minutes but as long as I track the amount of time hooked up to the connection I'm good, or even do it when I'm away from my home computer and when I have my free minutes. It's a wee bit slow but nothing I can't cope with :)Overall I gave this device 5 stars because it works for me.

Beware.You are not paying for a month of service when you order a phone through amazon.  It is a shell game.  You will get a bill for service after you pay amazon, seemingly, for a month of service and a phone.  Your cell phone provider is going to bill you for the first month.

I think this phone is the bomb, and the reviews here seem very polarized; people either love it or hate it.With my T-Mobile plan, I opted for equipment protection ($5/month) and now I am so glad I did.  My wife smashed the video display on this phone (by accident) and we called to get it replaced.  We called on Wednesday afternoon and the phone was on our doorstep Friday morning.  I'd recommend this service enhancement to anyone.Another thing I like about T-Mobile is their automated customer service.  Most voice menu systems are lame, but this one is very good and intuitive. Don't tell Mr. Policeman, but I was able to easily pay my phone bill while I was driving.  No kidding!I'd recommend you deck this out with a MiniSD card, 1 GB or more.  I use this as an MP3 player and with headphones the sound quality is good.If you read some of the other reviews, you'll see some complaints, some of which I agree with:- The keyboard should light up when you open it, and it doesn't- The numbers on the touch screen dialing pad are small and hard to dial with.  For my most dialed numbers, I add voice tags so I can say the name and have the phone figure it out.- If you don't lock your phone, you'll have random inputs to the touchscreen if you stick the phone in your pocket.  Just lock it, or even better, turn the screen off when you're not using it, because you can still receive phone calls with the screen off or locked.

Great interface, but the pen is faulty. I have used the Palm and the pen is easy to use. The pen for the mda doesn't work sometimes and it's operation isn't smooth. The screen isn't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool.The email tool doesn't have an option to set business hours so you have it still downloading mail 24hrs, that wasn't good. i like my business tool silent when I am at home. And it is locked by T-mobile such that you can't install Java applications like Google maps.I returned it, for the weight it should give me the feel of an HP-IPAQ or mini-computer but I didn't get that feel at all.

Ok first I'm going to start off with the goods!!I love having a phone that has the internet. the internets connects pretty easily for me, pretty much anywhere except in small towns and out in the country.The Camera is kind of fun to have, even if you have a digital camera.The price for internet is better then a lot of other companies. (though not better then the sidekick)Ok now the bad things.I agree with the person that says this phone does things on its own. Maybe its one of the many, many settings it has that I haven't found but I consider myself usually able to handle this kind of stuff (we have 3 computers, a laptop, and 2 digital cameras) and this phone still does things that I can't find the settings for to stop.The "Notice flash" on the font. It flashes when you have a new message/missed call/new email/and everything else. I have turned this off in all the places I can find and it still flashes non-stop.Even though I have vibrate off/ring on and the ring volume up all the way it will still vibrate sometimes, and not ring.Sometimes after I hang up from a call it will loose connection with t-mobil and will take 20 minutes to reconnect even though I'm in a regular metro areea. And those are just some of the wierd mind of its own things it does. Other problems includeIf you are going to be using this as a phone ALSO then the ONLY internet plan for this phone is stripped to the base. Unlike the sidekick plan which includes everything, this internet plan includes NOTHING but basic internet (which cant even load the maps on mapquest). If you want to download, text message, Instant message, etc, its all another add on price. The worst parts of this is that1)the tmobil internet plan for this phone is called t-mobil total internet but it isn't the same as the t-mobil internet plan (which includes text messaging) its the t-mobil total internet ADD-ON however they don't differentiate between the 2 when purchasing this and2)You cannot get rid of text messaging. I have called them myself to see how to turn it off as its not included in the internet plan (you have to pay for both in comming and out going text messages) so I am charged for each text message, and both times I have been told you can NOT turn off text messaging. And t-mobil themselves have sent me text messages about their company and I have to pay for each one.ALSO the phone, like most T-mobil phones has bad reception, it drops out frequently..I guess they assume if you want the internet you must not want to talk on the phone.If you have the power saving setting on where the phone goes into sleep mode (like your monitor). Say you have this setting set to go to sleep mode after 15 minutes of non-use, well talking on the phone it doesnt consider "use" and after 15 minutes it will turn itself off while you are talking on the phone, it will hang you up. So if you don't want to have your calls dropped you have to always remember to turn the screen off and lock the keyboard so the screen doesnt actually get bumped in your pocket or purse and turn on.Any photos taken on the phone cannot be removed off the phone (say moved onto the memory stick) the only way to get them off is to email them to yourself.This phone can NOT be used with the t-mobil my favs plan.And DON'T expect any sort of customer service once you sign up.

I really, really wanted to like this phone.  I use a dialup POP account to access the web (from an old Treo 270) and bought this phone because it allows dialup IP connections where the Treo 650 doesn't.  I'd originally purchased a 650 and returned it because it prevents you from accessing the web via dialup (as soon as you put in the SIM card, it defaults to T-Mobile's GPRS network and locks out any other type of internet connection).Unfortunately, the PocketPC interface is absolutely unintuitive as compared to the Palm OS.  Where the Palm may require one or two clicks to access something or intitiate a task, the PocketPC requires you go through very cumbersome menus in order to achieve the same actions.  Learning these menus is a real pain.  Even such simple items as exiting a program or function can be frustrating because the commands needed to do so will change depending on the application you may be running (something as basic as a close box will move location from one program to another).  "How do I get out of this?"  one app has a close box in the upper right hand of the screen, another app. requires you to access a menu and then close.  When using the phone, turning on the speakerphone requires going through two menus where in the Palm OS it's thoughtfully placed right on your main phone screen.The slide out keyboard, although it looks cool- is very difficult to use.  Because the keys need to be flat in order to fit under the slide, they are not tactile enough to distinguish easily with your thumb, there is little resistance to activating them and it is very easy to press the wrong key unintentionally.  The stylus is laughably unusable as it's located on the bottom of the unit, is too small as well as being telescoping in a way where it's constantly collapsing as you try to use it.Where the Treo has a physical exterior switch to go into vibrate or quiet mode, the MDA/KJAM requires you to go through at least 2 onscreen menus to turn off the ringer.  I bought a 1 Gig memory card for the unit but can't seem to get it to save pix or video to the card.  I'm sure there's a way to do it, but again it requires learning more unintuitive steps & configurations from the manual.  When talking on the phone it's very easy to touch the screen with your ear or face so that functions and applications accidentally launch.  It's processor is relatively slow and there is almost always a 2 second lag between launching something and being able to access it.The WiFi does work very well and makes browsing a breeze. The screen is bright and clear.  Bluetooth is decent but sound quality suffers.  If your a techie who doesn't mind going through an extensive learning curve, the unit is as feature packed as you can get and more powerful than most other PDA/Phones on the market.  I also like the fact it uses a standard, non proprietary USB mini plug for synching and charging, making it possible to charge the unit with cables already on hand from other devices if necessary.It's not a bad phone, but needs a lot of improvements before being something practical to use on a daily basis.  After coming from the Palm OS, PocketPC is kind of like eating at Dominos after growing up on NYC Pizza.

I've had my MDA for over a year and couldn't be happier with it. Keeps all my work appointments, synchronizes with my work computer for files, contacts, etc.  I have GPRS or wireless internet wherever I go.  It's a little too heavy, but otherwise a great product.  Long battery life too.

So I've had mine for almost a year now and I've replaced it three times. the first one the speaker died and the slot that holds the stylus quite holding it. the second phone drops signal for no reason and number three just got here so who knows yet. The other reviewers speak the truth; if you read reviews you need to be okay with its flaws to be okay with the purchase.I definatly love having a small pc in my pocket; I can get my email, read rss feeds, get weather updates, and play games. Its weak as a phone in regards to no one handed dialing and I hate its contacts list without using the stylus. Its camera is barely a 1.3 megapixel, its slow to adjust to lighting changes like from inside to a sunny area. The processor is dog slow. You can compress movies in .3gp format at 200 bandwidth and they play but soon enough the video and audio is out of sync. I doesn't multitask too well and without software its has little software bugs like not closing the active window when you click the red X.Overall I like its features but If I could find a faster device running windows mobile 5 that plays movies and is thinner (this thing is huge), I'll be posting this baby on amazon in the used section :)If you buy one; a one gig mini-sd is a must own!! only 30K on-board space.

I received the unit unlocked from other sellersince it's unlocked, I can use it right away with Wataniya in Kuwaitthe device has quad-band, that I can use it without worryreception is pretty good, at least it's good as my SDA and nokiasthe screen is nice, but since this is small, that I have hard time tapping with fingernailsbattery time is OK, I get 4 hours internet radio only with GPRS without running other applicationsthe slide-out keyboard is another plus, that helps when doing texting, but I need to take a while to learn how to operate (press caps once for single cap, press twice for ALL CAPS; press dot once for numeric/symbol, press dot twice for all numeric/symbol)but sometimes the unit is not so left handed friendly (I suggest the direction buttons should be on the left, while the d-pad is already on the right when keyboard is outaudio is fine, with GSPlayer and TCPMP, I get almost complete audio/video support, I also installed a2dp addon, but I found it just slow down the unitpros:sliding keyboardtriple wireless with quad-band GSM/EDGEdecent battery timecan use regular miniUSB cable to charge directly from hostloud stereo speakerphoneclear screenexceptional receptioncons:limited bt function (I want OBEX that I can exchange phone numbers among my phonesrelatively small screen (hard to tap with fingernails)200MHz CPU (this may help save battery)miniSD support, while the similar product (HTC Magicial and Prophet can take standard SD)requires HP H19XX headphones adaptor to use with regular headphonesconclusion: this phone is good if you consider it as data phone (for mp3, mobile internet, messaging), but OK as regular phonesome useful resources: howardforums, aximsite, xda-developers, modaco

A Must buy, For this deal. No need to comment about MDA.. it rocks

my new mda was delivered this morning and i love it!i've been searching for a new phone for the past few months but wasn't really impressed with anything in the market. so i did my research and was initially a bit put off by all of the bad/mediocre reviews the mda had gotten online. but after doing further research via various other websites, i decided to give it a go and placed an order through amazon two days ago. it hasn't even been a full 48 hours since the order went through and here i am already raving about it!i've been playing around with it for a few hours since it was delivered, and it's already all set-up and synched with my various accounts. set-up was such a breeze and all test calls made so far have been crystal clear. i was even able to get full reception in the office where my other t-mobile phones often have difficulty getting clear calls.i haven't yet had a chance to explore all the features on the phone, but so far, i'm ecstatic with my new mda!!

First of all, I think everyone who complains about this device not doing everything pefectly need to realize that there is no device that does everything top of the line.  This device is going to appeal to folks who have a pocket PC and Cell, and wish to integrate the two.  I fit this demographic, and I am very happy with it.If you have never owned a pocket pc then I can understand why you would be complaining, pocket PC's are menu based, and the phone works like a PDA, so it's logical that it would take a little bit more work than it does to send a message on the sidekick.  The sidekick is primarily made to send message duh!  Also, EVERYONE that has ever owned a pocket PC knows that when you hit that X to close a program it doesn't release it from memory.  All you do is go to the start > settings > memory > running programs > and hit  stop all that frees up the memory that is being used.  EVERY pocket pc ever made has been like that, that's where your lag is coming from.  There is a program called handy task I think, it sits in the start bar and you hit it to close any resident memory apps you would like.  Problem solved, if you can't deal with that then go back to another device and never buy a windows mobile or pocket PC, because it doesn't seem like that is going to change.I purchased a 2 gig mini SD Card, and I loaded my Handmark Monopoly for Pocket PC onto the device and it runs flawlessly.  I have also used DVD to Pocket PC to shrink movies down, I watched them on the MDA without any issues.  I would recommend that you invest in a decent sized mini SD card (1 gig on ecost for $49.99), and store all of your programs and files on the card, you won't have any lag except when you slide open the keyboard and that's to be expected to an extent.Bye, Bye Naysayers!!!!

First of all I love my MDA but it could definitely be better.Lets begin...CPU: OMAP850SPEED (PROCESSOR): 195MHZRAM SIZE: 64MBFLASH SIZE: 128 MBFLASH CHIP TYPE: M-SYSTEMS G3DATA BUS: 16 BITSSTORAGE SIZE: 47.46LCD: 240X320COLORS: 65536That's all the tech info...Cons:The phone freezes often, especially when using wifi or multiple functions because the processor isn't fast enough (ive used the sprint version the processor is more than twice as fast).Camera quality is good, but they should have equipped the phone with a 2mp camera and a stronger camera light.If you add memory via a MiniSD card, you cant play ringtones off of the memory card, you cant install programs to the memory card to save phone space. Talktime is good but you don't get what the advertise, Talk: 5.00 hours (more like 3.50) Standby: 8.3 days (more like 2.3 or 3.0 maybe), you should have more picture editing options.No lock for the memory card.Poor bluetooth options.No real tmobile downloads for device.(many more but ill leave it at that)Pros:All in one device (pda, internet, aol/msn/yahoo, camera, phone).Supports up to a 2gb miniSD card.Comes with a stereo headset.Pretty light.Pretty easy to use.Nice case.Sound quality is real good and loud.(a few more)The phone over all is good, but a lot of problems keep it from getting 5stars.

Nearly 10 years later, this T-Mobile MDA still works. I popped in the battery and was amazed she's still chugging along, and located my Wi-Fi connection without any hesitation. I had purchased the MDA solely for use of a custom-designed business application that worked under the Windows Mobile operating system. The company that wrote the app for me is long gone, but the MDA still works. The MDA's full-sized pull-out keyboard was amazing quality for the time, in an era when on-screen Blackberry keyboards were the standard.The only reason I'm not using this phone anymore is because I can't get a decent T-Mobile phone signal where I currently live and work. The phone still works excellent as a data and texting device. I had to switch to Verizon and an iPhone in order to get a decent cell phone signal.If you can find one cheap enough, it's an interesting little device to use with Wi-Fi. The MDA used to be a real guy magnet. Nobody had ever seen a phone like this before, and total strangers would come up and ask me about it. I upgraded to a G1, the first Android-based phone, and then immediately ditched it and went back to my beloved MDA.

This is a great phone, but unfortunately its greatness is lost on some people. Still, if you've got the smarts, you can get the most out of this phone like so many others have, and enjoy its full potential.Imagine: real web-browsing; instant messaging with your MSN, AIM, Google, and Yahoo contacts.  Watch movies, listen to MP3s, even through a wireless bluetooth headset from 30 feet away from your phone. Send and receive email instantly to and from this phone. Keep track of your apointments, to do lists, the list goes on and on.I can't imagine life without this phone, in fact, it's really kind of scary how much it can do.Edit:To address all the people who have been saying that they get bad sound quality and/or bad reception; after updating to T-Mobile's latest ROM, my reception has improved exponentially. I have never had a problem with the sound quality -- the sound has always been crystal clear for both me and the person I am talking to, even when I am using the speaker phone.

I like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but I like the features, the camera, the phone is ok not wow, love the keyboard, and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do. I don't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected....Until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems, have everything you ever wanted, absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing, then you let me know but for now this phone is ok/good

I have been using this MDA for over a month now.  It is a great PDA considering the price.  With the newest Windows Mobile 5.0 which comes with all the bells and whistles, this PDA is definitely a bargain considering it's price.  However, I am not using the MDA as a phone. The reception is very poor especially when you are indoor (in a building or even in a little hut).  It takes about 5 minutes to find service signal after you left the building.  The speaker volume is too soft and same for the ringer, so you will have a hard time using it as a phone when you are in a noisier environment (like when you are outdoor).  Then if you go search for a quieter place to talk (i.e. indoor) and you loose the signal.  In conclusion, if you want a great PDA, get this MDA, but dont expect it to work well as a phone.

i loved it at first sight and just had to have it. though i had a few issues but i think my phone was just defective to begin with.At first the wireless did not work at all unless it was totally unsecured and i had to manually assign it a ip. i was pointed to a rom/firmware upgrade for the mda and hey i could get on secured wireless networks with it but now my phone kept turning off. all fingers pointed to a bad unit, left a bad taste in my mouth so i went for the refund, when it was working i loved it and maybe ill get the next mda if they ever come out with one =)

If you want a phone only then dont buy this phone!!!  That said if you want a phone that can replace you PDA and Phone then this is it.  I live by email, phone and my calendar of which this phone exceeds.  I also sell software that uses GPS and the bluetooth receiver I bought for it hooked up right off with great reception.  I have hooked to multiple Wireless networks with ease.  Got a 2GB Mini SD card for it and so have plenty of room.  An Ipaq costs at least $400 and a Blackberry, which this replaced (and like a lot), costs at least $200 so this is a great deal also.  The reason I replaced my Blackberry is so I can view Office files and also run my PDA software that I represent.  It is better than some of the competitors in that it has more onboard RAM.

I recently bought this PDA phone and have it about a week now. Also this is my first PDA, but using it was not that difficult, as its still Microsoft Windows. It took me less than 5 minutes to set this phone up for wifi at my home, and didnt take long to setup with Active sync, and accessing my email at work. I bought this from another vendor where I didnt have to subscribe to data plan, I could keep my existing number by just adding one more line (changing from basic to family plan), and 12 month agreement instead of 24 month at most other vendors including Amazon. On top of that the phone is free after rebates. I have been a T-mobile customer for more than a year and they do have reception issues, but we can manage with that, as their customer service is great. Its not even a week since I have this MDA and they already provided me with an unlock code as per my request. Great, so that I dont have to rely on any hack to unlock and jeopardise any warranty... As accessories, I just added a 1GB miniSD from SanDisk and I can easily move data files (videos, pics and games) from my PC and the MDA, no problem at all. I am waiting for my Tekkeon wireless headset with display, and I am sure it will be a great addition. Overall I am very happy with this phone so far and am excited to use it in Europe and Asia during my upcoming trip (thanks to T-mobile for the unlock code). I will be exploring the phone and will add more feedback as I discover any new features/faults....

The MDA, designed and made by Taiwan's HTC, a leader in the Windows Mobile "smart phone" market (they seem to make all the WM phones sold in the U.S.), is really a cool concept.  It has a nice shape, a slide-out thumbboard that automatically turns the screen to landscape, and all the goodies that make up Windows Mobile: Pocket Office, Pocket IE, MSN Messenger, Windows Media Player 10, and tons of free software to download from the web.  Plus, it has wi-fi which works really well.I really wanted to like the MDA, as I decided not to get a Palm-based Treo due to severe syncing problems with Outlook (problems that were supposed to be fixed in the now-vaporware Palm OS 6 "Cobalt").  And I wanted to like T-Mobile because they are the only carrier out there that forces you on a one-year, not two-year, contract (and still gives you a rebate).  Anyway, after a few days I was sorely disappointed.  The problem lay entirely with the MDA's reception.  It was almost the same problem I had with the original Sidekick back in 2003.  The MDA's antenna was never able to grab a signal strong enough to make web surfing any close to being useable.  And it would constantly lose and hunt for signal.  It was frustrating to no end, even in the heart of Boston where a RAZR tmo phone had full reception.  I never got half the speed promised by EDGE, the 2.5G GSM data network.  Very, very disappointing.  Much, much worse than the EVDO services I had earlier this year tried with Sprint and Verizon.Summary: the MDA has all the potentials of a major league star except the ability/stamina to stick out for more than one inning.  It's a dud, thanks partly to HTC's poor antenna design and/or construction and partly to T-Mobile's poor EDGE and GPRS support.  If you can stand a two-year commitment, go with Sprint's PPC-6700, also made by HTC with the same sliding thumbboard design.  I haven't tried the PPC-6700 yet (cuz I'm pretty much broke now), but online reviews are mostly positive.

The MDA is a wonderful compact device, all-in-one PDA device. It takes sometime to use to it as a cell phone, especially it has no dial pad (touch screen). It has problem acquiring single after lose of receptions. BUT, I flashed to the Radio Rom to 1.12.10, it works like a cham.

The T-Mobile MDA (HTC Wizard aka Cingular 8125, Sprint PPC6700, Verizon Wireless VX6700 made by AudioVox) is the most compelling all-in-phone on the market today. Unfortunately, its reputation for weak reception and frustratingly slow-to-re-acquire/register the network leaves this device to be more of a Pocket PC than a phone (did I mention that it takes around a minute or so to turn the device on?).I've had this phone for a few days now and its worked more as a WI-FI device (did you know you can make it 802.11g as well?) more than an actual phone! Fortunately, there are lots of hacks and tweaks you can perform on it to boost its performance (think Windows XP Tweakui) anywhere from overclocking to editing the registry for more customized features and functions.If the T-Mobile Blackberry 8700g/8700c (on the Cingular network) had expandable memory and a camera and WI-FI, I'd be all over that device. Touch screens are nice, but could be a pain to dial phone numbers unless you have fingernails or enlarge the buttons. As compared to the Treo or Danger Hip-Top/Sidekick, this one's the hands-down winner - but this may be more of a MAC vs. PC debate more than anything else.Bottom line, if you get an MDA or whatever else HTC Wizard Windows Mobile 5.0 Pocket PC, be sure to understand its limitations. and check out &lt;a href="[...]">[...]> and boost your phone's features with hacks and tweaks.

T-Mobile has discontinued the MDA.  A newer better smaller version is supposed to come soon - maybe the end of May 2007.A number of small imporvements - more speed, better camera, smaller size.See HowardForums dotcom for more information and rumor

this phone is going to be ABSOLUTELY uselss for anyone who doesn't get the full $30 data plan. i fortunately have it and if you're NOT goign to purchase it don't get this phone. i had a sk2 before my mda and i absolutely love the mda. it has features the sk2 never had for those that complain about running slow upgrade your roms. the aim on this device is absolutely horrid but nothing a 3rd party software won't solve i got agile messenger and i'm loving this phone. if you're not willing to foot the extra $10 stick with your sk2 but for an extra 10 bucks why not throw away a kids toy and get something real?

First off, I am NOT a techie. I'm not the person that is going to talk about processor speeds or things of that nature. What I do know is how things work and this phone does everything I hoped it would and more. While the touch screen can get dirty easily and it is nearly impossible to hit a lot of things with your fingers, I still found navigation fairly easy using the smart keys (the stylus obviously works well too but it's just a pain to get out and extend).The keyboard has nicely spaced keys which makes typing easy, however the CAPS and dot keys are cumbersome and you never know if one is locked or not.Bluetooth works extremely well and syncs easily (without losing the connection). Battery life is pretty good. Not exceptional, but considering the amount of things you can do I think it's pretty good. Charging through a USB cable is a dream come true for me.The indicator lights are very useful and I check with them constantly. This does bring up a complaint: I don't know if this is an issue with the MDA or with Windows 5.0, but sounds are limited as are alerts. I happen to like receiving multiple voicemail alerts (unless you click a button to acknowledge the alert). As far as I can tell there is no capability to do this so if you miss the initial notice that you have a voicemail you are out of luck unless you check the lights or turn on the display.The camera sucks. There is really no nice waying of saying it. It just sucks. However, I didn't buy it for the camera....it just came with it.All in all I am having a great time getting familiar with all of the functions of this phone. It's my first PDA, so the freedom I feel having all of the info that I need right at my fingertips is wonderful.I've only had this phone for about a month, so it may go down hill...but for now I'm thrilled with this purchase.

It makes no sense to purchase the internet package if you're going to be in a wifi area, does it? It seems to be a waste of $30 a month if you already have wireless where you work...

I returned this phone because it has very poor phone capabilities.Dialing the number on screen is very difficult. Cannot use in car.WIFI and bluetooth features are good. MS word and MS Excel excel applications are good.

Update: Downgrade rating to 4 stars. . . still great device though.I don't normally write reviews for products I purchase, but I feel compelled to write this because it was an [...] review that helped me make the final decision about purchasing this device.  So in turn I would like to help all others who may be in the valley of decision.Let me preface this review by stating prior to purchasing the MDA I was not a T-Mobile customer.  I have had Verizon, Cingular, and Sprint and, based solely on what I had heard, considered T-Mobile to be inferior in terms of call quality and product offerings.  I must also add that I currently own a Palm pda and prior to that used a BlackBerry.After researching current smartphone offerings for sometime I almost did not purchase this phone due to the poor reviews on the net. THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN A BIG MISTAKE!!! Thank you M. Session for your review and the other positive reviews on Amazon.As a pda this device is amazing.  The keyboard blows away just about every other device on the market.  I have HUGE fingers and I bite my nails off and I have no problems entering text through the keyboard or dialing phone numbers on the screen for that matter (for those who complain about entering numbers on the onscreen keypad).I think the difference between being able to edit word and excel documents and not being able to edit them is important as I am constantly making small changes to and syncing word and excel files between my handheld and pc so score for the MDA over all those other devices that do not allow document editing.Having owned a Palm for so many years I have to confess I am biased toward devices with a touch screen (it really makes using the internet to download directions or get a great last minute deal on a hotel so much easier!) so once again score (at least in my book) for the MDA over all those other devices without touch screens.For those of you who live out of Outlook (like myself) the usual sync features between handheld and pc are all there.  But that is to be expected.As a phone I have been very pleasantly suprised.  One of the chief complaints I read in numerous reviews (which almost caused me to pass up on this device) is that the call quality is terrible.  However, I paired my MDA with the free Logitech bluetooth headset that is being offered and the call quality has been incredible!. . . much better than both Cingular and Sprint and almost as clear as Verizon (which as far as I'm concerned has hands down the best call quality EVER! But Verizon's customer service is awful and their pricing is getting farther and farther away from the average consumer like myself).  I don't have problems maintaining a signal and T-Mobile's high speed network loads pages slightly faster than dial up.  But hey if you are expecting the same speeds as you get on your pc when you are driving on the highway outside of the most metropolitan of areas then keep dreaming.  It will be a number of years before even Verizon with its expanding 3G network is able to stretch a truly high speed connection across the country.At home it took only a few minutes to connect my MDA to my wireless network where my it zipped along on the LAN connection.Contacts application is excellent.  If Palm ever makes a device with a keyboard the size of this one I will be the first one to get it, but until that time I'm sticking by my claim that this is by far the best thing on the market at its price!I'm out of time so let me list a few of the most common complaints I read and briefly address them:Complaint: On screen keypad for dialing is hard to dial onTruth: I have large fingers and no nails and I LOVE the on screen dialing interfaceComplaint: Call quality and voice quality is poorTruth: At least where I am (dallas) and with my device the sound quality on the device is exceptional, however, I have suffered a few dropped calls and dead spots in the network.Complaint: Programs load very slowlyTruth: Programs load at the normal speed for a pda. (If they aren't. . .here's a tip CLOSE ALL THE PROGRAMS THAT U STILL HAVE OPEN AND ARE NOT USING. . .)Complaint: Keyboard is hard to useTruth: You will be hard pressed to find a better keyboard.  I have not!Complaint: Internet connection is slow.Truth: This is a smartphone, not your laptop hooked up to your company's T3 line.  The connection speed is exactly what you would expect from a smartphone and it zips along at warp speed when connected to a hotspot or LAN.Complaint: The calendar application leaves a lot to be desired.Truth: I agree.  The calendar application does the job but could be much better.Complaint: The device sometimes launches applications without being prompted to.Truth: I have found this to be true and I must admit it is a bit annoying at times.I downgraded my rating because of the quirky, random program launching behavior and the network problems i have encountered on occaision while on the phone.  Still an unbelievable steal for the price and the overall best pda I have seen so far!

I had this phone for almost a year now and I'm on my second MDA, so I just want to share my experience with who has not got one.MDA runs off the battery, which means it will not turn on without a good working battery. I discover that when my first MDA die and they send me a replacement. I used the new battery to fix my first MDA, so I can sync my data back to PC.I'm just going to tell what it can do first, and then tell the bad news at last.Pro:1. This is a windows base phone, so it is hack able. This mean you can almost tweak the way you want and not to worry about what it can not do.2. It can almost do anything what iPhone does. It does MP3, MP4, Dvix, and RM.3. Photo view and video player are far better if you use third parties software. It is not slow at all if you play a 400mb DVD movie. Of course you will need to covert it to 240 x 320 to solve the frame rate problem.4. The WiFi is great for streaming music, video and WebTV. It doesn't have JAVA otherwise you can watch video from youtube.com.5. It works great with SlingBox. So, you can watch cable channels on your MDA.6. It also works with Linksys wireless webcam, which means you can monitor your home while you are outside of your house.7. Works great with MSN, but keyboard is too tiny if you are using MAN size fingers. Cingular's 8250 has better keyboard for man.8. Works with SKYpe. It will freeze the phone after 2min usage, but SKYpe will still work even the phone freeze. This is only way to get around for free calls9. When the phone is slow, you can always go to memory management to stop the background software to get the speed back. It is great for saving time to reboot the phone.10. It takes better photo and video, if you upg your MDA software from Tmobile website (free), the original software takes washed out photos and video was so so. It can take 1600x1200 photo. I tested with 10min video recording and works fine, I was able to upload this 10min video to youtube.com from MDA.11. voice command is much better then my Nokia. It picks up 98% of correct command and address.12. it works with Tom Tom GPS software, the only draw back is you may need a Bluetooth GPS to track your location.13. It show the person's photo thumbnail when you received email. Of course, you will need to profile the email address and photo into your address book.14. It does Sirius radio (SiriusWM5), look around the software is free15. Remote desktop works great, but screen is too small for use.Cons:1. My most headaches are reception. It is either max 2 bar or completely dead in my house and it will take long time (around 3- 10min) to recover a signal. It is really the phone problem because when I switch back to my Nokia phone, I get full bar or 2 bars in my house. You will not encounter my problem if your area has a good coverage.2. Touch screen needed to be recalibrating almost once a week for me.3. Touch screen's number pad is hard to use with fingers when you want to make calls.4. The phone is only 200MHz by compare to Sprints PC6700 400MHz.Overall, the only draw back is the reception on the phone itself. The phone is not very fast, but it is good enough to view photos and videos.

I have had my MDA for only about one week. So far no complaints. Becoming use to its way of doing things does require a bit of patience. It's not as easy to use as a PC, but the Windows Mobile V5.0 OS does in many ways make the MDA seem very familiar. After several hours of use it is becoming second nature and intuitive.I had no problem installing the Opera browser to replace/augment Internet Explorer. I have had absolutely no problems syncing to my Toshiba laptop via USB. It worked the first try right out of the box. Gmail also works perfectly.The MDA offers a "Connections" screen that provides central access to all available means of connection. This menu is instantly accessible by pushing a button on the exterior-top-left-side of the MDA. Branching from the connections screen is another screen that effortlessly scans for all available WiFi networks. From my location it found six or eight available non-T-Mobile WiFi networks.I have not yet experienced any power problems. The exterior buttons are designed to prevent inadvertent button mistakes. The menus offer several options to turn off any features that may not presently be in use such as WiFi, and Bluetooth.  There are also options to blank the screen and further throttle-back the device for periods of inactivity. Amateur Radio operators (Hams) always carry a spare battery. It's a good idea for any portable device that absolutely must function. Batteries do fail. The MDA battery is roughly the size of a pat of butter.The camera produces a worthy snapshot. Better than nothing if I should happen to spot some creatures from outer-space. I am happy with this device.

Overall, very solid phone.-Full keyboard is a nice touch-Windows mobile capability has kept me from losing all my information twice.-Internet is awesomeHowever,BEWARE of the touchscreen.-While the touchscreen is nice, this is NOT a phone you can just put in your pocket and go. Using the password screen is a must to keep from accidentally messing up information.-This phone is meant for bluetooth use; without bluetooth or the stereo headset, talking on this phone is annoying.-The camera has some issues that may have been (or will be) resolved with firmware upgrades.-Closing programs doesnt actually close them, so extended use without going into settings and shutting down programs can slow the phone's performanceIf you love touchscreen, go with the MDA. Otherwise, seriously consider the T-Mobile Dash

I have been a very happy customer of T-Mobile's for six years. I recently bought the MDA after my Sidekick II got stolen. I liked the sleeker design better as well as the list of features. I regret the move. The SK II is faster, much easier and more intuitive (and fun) to use. Starting with the keyboard.- the SK II has four rows, the MDA only three. The SK II offers an additional row of keys with numbers, a separate `@'-key right were it belongs, and two `shift'-keys (one left , the other one right to the space bar). The MDA? Only one 'shift' key on the left.The MDA's user interface is a mess. The same function can be found on totally different keys depending on the menu/screen you are in. For example, be default the function key on the right gets you to the `contacts' list when you are in the main menu. When you get to the dial pad, the `contact' menu needs to be accessed via the left function key. When using the phone, the `contacts' button is on neither function key but on the touch screen.Other weaknesses: For some windows you actually need the stylus to close them, others close by pressing the `hang-up' button twice. The speakers are weak. Virtually all comparable phones I know have better sound quality. The touch screen sometimes does not work (maybe because the phone is busy with something else and can not query the screen?), so that when I want to use the phone, I need to enter my PIN using the keyboard (which does not have a dedicated numbers row). You cannot assign ring tones to callers - a very basic feature even found in cheap phones. I also believe the email functions of th SK II to be much faster. I would get emails almost immediately after they were received by my mail server. With the MDA it takes up to hours, same for sending. Even text messages sometimes arrive 2 hours late. Never happened to me with the SK II.I heard that the Sidekick III will come out on July 10. I will switch in that day!

I absolutely love this phone, I bought the 2G Sim as a needed accessory. If you don't know how to use a USB cable, then this phone might not be for you. You have to upgrade the ROM, if you don't your signal will not be the best. You need the latest software, it is not rocket science, t-mobile has directions and the file step-by-step right on their site. That may be why one user can not get a good signal. The keypad you can use your finger, I barely use my stylus. Actually the keypad has big buttons and is much better then a Razor to dial. People get picky over the smallest things, one reviewer said that he lost a stylus. It is a 500$ phone and you are talking about a 2c stylus :) Just buy the official t-mobile stylus and I am sure you will be fine. I also love using this as an MP3 and video player. People are shocked when they see my entire wedding, my entire honeymoon, a collection of music videos and family videos all on my phone using 3GP or MPG4. I am only using 25% of my 2G sim so far, and I pretty much installed the world on it. I love getting the internet when I am in a park or a remote area, let alone pop email from my private pop in the car, or on the go. I also do texting, which it can do as well. Phone, Music, Video, Games, Skype, AIM, yahoo. what more could you ask for :) The windows Mobile 5 is really cool, there are more and more apps coming out for that everyday. You can also take video from this device, try that from a sidekick. You can install apps on the SIM card, which you can not do on a sidekick (correct me if I am wrong). Oh, the one other accessory i bought was a 1/8 to a 1/32 audio adapter, so I can plug i into my Rav 4 aux jack when I am on the go. I often want to listen to sermons and things like that, so I it is a blessing. I am having a lot of fun with this phone, and I highly recommend it. I have had no issues and I am running the latest ROM. OH one more thing, it has a wireless connection, I did get it running on Wireless G with TKIP and/or WPA. Streaming audio works as well, I am not really sure what more you could ask for from a small device like this. blue tooth stereo headphones is a nice touch too. We just had a a baby, and I sent 95 emails, pictures and videos on my phone during the process. Try that with a regular phone. Love the internet connection.Cons:The sylus do fall out, even the official T-mobile ones.The camera is sub par, but useful for taking a quick pick and emailing it.The video camera isnt good, but OK for emailing quick video.

I LOVE motorola phones & was skeptical trying one from T-mobile (with good reason, I found out the hard way).  The keyboard keys are not prominent enough & not spaced out enough to make for easy use.  I hated having to use the stylus for most programs.  I basically wanted a phone w/ a keyboard.  I suppose it may be great if you're using it as a pda, but it still sucks.  I sent it back.

I haven't had a pda since 2001 and it's clear that Microsoft's worked very hard on updating the portable windows software and their activesync data-syncing program.  The phone works exactly as it's supposed to.The phone is very stable-- I've had it for 2 months and haven't had to reset it once.  It's pretty quick, with no discernable lag time-- though I only use the software that's preloaded.  Software-wise, I'm very pleased with the phone and have no complaints.The size of the phone is the only drawback.  It's a little thick for a standard phone.  It's also a little heavy than other phones out there.If you're looking for a Windows Mobile 5.0 phone and don't mind having an above-average size phone, this is for you.  All in all, I'm very pleased with the phone and would recommend it to any of my friends.

I can only offer advice to make this phone better than its factory settings.Start > Settings > Personal > Today -- change this to Windows Default.Start > Settings > System > Device Information -- as of today, 2.26.10.2 WWE is the newest (6/7/06)Setting > System > Power -- click on Backlight (text below bottom menu) and select the the 2nd one from the left.  The first one turns off the light.If you're coming from a Non-PocketPC phone - all your contacts are not sorted properly, you cant add contact pictures to them, you cant set up multiple numbers (work, home, cell), and more.Contacts > Menu > New Contact -- you'll have to retype in all your contacts.  (I have not found an automated program for this.)These settings work for me, along with some other modifications, like disabling the "Message Sent" after a text message is sent.  Which you can not do unless you modify the registry.  Just Google "MDA Hacks" and you'll find out how.  (.cab files are the easiest)

Not the best out there, but better than most.  Negative reviewers, what were you expecting?  It's a good phone.  My only complaint is the weak signal, but the WiFi connectivity more than makes up for it.  For those who are having trouble synching, you should put Windows XP Service Pack 2 on your PC first.  Then you should have no problem.

The MDA is by the far the best cell phone I've ever owned.I've had this phone for about two weeks and I'm not sure how I survived prior to owning it. That's how integrated your life will become with this device.After the initial adjustment period of a day or two where I had to figure out how to sync the phone up with outlook / exchange to download my tasks, contacts, and email, I was off and running.The PDA capabilities via outlook are outstanding. If you can sync wirelessly to your company's exchange server, you will finally have a device you can carry with you on your hip that puts the world at your finger tips.I would suggest picking up a 2 gig mini sd card to go along with the device. That way you can store a plethora of word, excel, and powerpoint attachments on the device as email attachments and fr file storage.In the two weeks I've owned this thing, I've only had two flaky software things happen and both were remedied by a soft reset of the unit. The joys of bleeding-edge electronics.Battery life has been exceptional, but beware, surfing the web via a wifi connections sucks the battery dry much faster than a gprs/edge connect. So if you are using wifi, do what you need to do and then turn it off to preserve the battery life. I'm experienceing a good 6 hrs of talk time on mine with minor use of  wifi.To summarize... this phone is the crowning jewel of the tmobile line for good reason. If you live out of a mobile office, this phone is a must have.

The MDA is three gadgets in one: Camera, Phone & PDA.People used to carrying two or three separate gadgets will welcome the compact design of the MDA.Others, used to carrying sleek phones, will find the hardware bulky.The device is heavy.It's thick, also, but too short to stretch from my ear to my mouth.Using the touch screen to make phone calls takes getting used to.Neither the earpiece nor the speakerphone are loud enough.I'm much more impressed by it's capabilities as a PDA.Prior to the MDA, I had been living on my HP handheld for a year.I haven't tried to sync my MDA to my laptop, but Bluetooth worked great.Word Mobile & Excel Mobile make it easy to look at files while commuting, if you don't tote around a laptop.I prefer inputting text with a stylus, but the TINY, telescoping one included is unwieldy for normal hands.However, there are some convenient quick keys & navigational buttons surrounding the screen.When I do use the slide out keyboard, I'm surprised there is no num lock key.Or maybe I haven't found it -- I also couldn't find instructions on volume control on in the manual.Although, connections are spotty, I love being able to txt & photo msg without wifi.Yahoo, AOL & ICQ Instant Messaging are already installed & easy to set up.The 1.3 megapixel camera takes terribly blurry photos in low light.The flash is not adequate at all.The battery life also leaves much to be desired -- Most will probably need daily recharging.I had to buy an extra charger to carry around with me when I anticipated heavy usage.I've only had the MDA for a week, so I'm sure that time will yield more dis/likes.- - - Update:I just spent over an hour (Literally!) with T-Mobile tech support regarding my MDA.I've called them multiple times within the last month about other issues (There's no way to back up my data on the $100 mini SD card I just bought??), & I've had the device for less than a month!Because I didn't like the battery life on my device, I bought a travel charger (The kind that can accommodate more than one type/model of phone) to carry with me on a day-to-day basis in case I needed a midday boost.Guess what?  I decided to travel.  With my travel charger.  Sounds reasonable, no?So, I'm traveling...1) There's no reception en route to my destination in a cab, which means I can't call to clarify directions.2) My battery eventually drains completely from searching for a signal.Tomorrow, I'm onto destination 2 of my trip & I anticipated needing to use my phone.I go to plug it in tonight & nothing -- No charge indicators.  Can't turn it on/reset/etc.I call T-Mobile & am put on hold for too long (Hello, problems much?).  P.S.  They have a department just for the MDA that you get connected to after you explain all your problems to someone who can't help you.I am told (Because it's not explained in the manual (To my recollection).  (I also had to look up the manual online to deal with volume issues.)) that if the battery is completely drained, it must be plugged in with the charger that the device came with.  Do you think you could have mentioned that in the manual?!?What have I learned?  (Partial list)A) T-Mobile coverage is not as good as Sprint or Verizon.B) Travel charger not so useful when traveling -- Tomorrow, I have to hunt down a T-Mobile retail store to ask to borrow their MDA specific charger.C) I had to buy a $50+ bluetooth headset because the phone is useless when you're trying to have a conversation while walking down a busy city street -- The old, wired headset I had was not compatible.Oh!  & I almost forgot -- Two weeks ago, I was taking photos when something caused the disappearance of all my files (Photos, Word/Excel files & MP3s) off my mini SD card.  What???  I was taking photos in the middle of a field of grass on a college campus.

After reading some online reviews i was a bit worried about it's performance, but now im glad i went ahead and bought the MDA. This smartphone is simply amazing to work with. I was getting some freeze ups like the reviews said and then i downloaded the latest T-Mobile firmware for the MDA and now it works very well and is very stable i.e no freeze-ups. I am glad i did a bit of research on different websites like howardforums and xda-developers and found tons of useful info about the MDA. There are some great applications for this smartphone that improve it's performance tremendously!I found a neat program to improve the MDA's camera picture quality and now the MDA can take really clear pictures. Another application has made my MDA much faster by allowing it to overclock it's processor from the original 195Mhz all the way to 186Mhz! There is so much you can do with the MDA that makes you realise that it's worth the price and much better than the sidekick which looks like something from a Toys R Us store.

I am satisfied with it, but have to remember to turn off the screen before putting in its case,so that calls aren't accidently made.  Other commentor mentioned quirk that when using keyboard to enter phone number fields you have to set it to enter numbers not letters, as well as hitting a special key in order to delete.  Microsoft really messed up by having the system so non-intuitive that when inputting numbers in calculator mode with the keyboard, you still have to tell it to input numbers and not letters (into the calculator!) What were they (not) thinking?

I'm in love with this gizmo.  It does so many things right.  Form factor is great, screen is great, keyboard is great, works flawlessly with Goodlink, and my reception in LA is awesome.  I can't believe how fast I'm browsing just using EDGE service.  Plus, I'm surrounded by wi-fi options.One caveat it that I use this strictly as a data device, and not a phone, so I may be avoiding phone reception problems that are driving others mad.  I really have no complaints.  Wish it had more memory and better native application management, but there are apps out there that apparently improve these aspects.Great device.  Highly recommended.

This phone is amazing- remember its free on Amazon. I can browse internet anywhere, listen to streaming radio, check email, get directions and make calls too! The great thing is this phone is not as big as some other pdas. If you want to buy the best PDA phone this is the one for you- if you want a great phone this might not be the best choice.

One advise to all the buyers of this phone:"First evaluate intelligently if you need this kind of a smart-phone or not"Ok now about the phone itself.. I was using a nokia 7610(yeah the sexy looking beast!) for almost two years before i decided to switch over to this phone. I opted this phone and i think its great for ...* Providing all the basic features of a phone in a PDA* I am a software professional and find this to be a great have-it-all device!* Helps you to be organised in all your work and the calender/task-list feature accentuate that!* Helps you to be connected to your mail-boxes on the go! which was pretty seamless in this phone!* The instant messaging is an added bonus to the above statement.* The browsing experience is pretty decent although it has no support for Java-based website and i am working on that(as there is a work-around for that too).* For numerous other reasons which i wil discover eventually.Now about all the complains:Although nothing in this world is perfect but sometimes ignorance can make it worse... This phone is not for people with IQ of &lt; 80 .. lol .. just kidding for all the viable options which you need you just need to explore or look up on google! :)** Auto check of email - someone in the reviews pointed out that there is no auto-send-and-receive; i agree with them .. but there are options in the advanced set-up where you can set a time say 5 mins or whatever you want for the device to check email automatically.** Camera is not great - I dont care coz i use it more like a smart phone which meets all my needs although the picture quality is decent enuf. Please use a professional SLR if you really care about getting a great pic :P** Stylus dependency - LOL i cannot write anything about this complain as its too funny. :P** Battery life - set the back-light and auto off intelligently and you will see battery life increasing upto 5-10%! Also bluetooth(turn it off when not needed) and Wi-Fi usage impact battery up time.** No memory card provided - Amazon is giving you this phone for free please spend 29 bucks and get a 1 GB mini-SD card (with SD adaptor). :)I had some number swapping issues with T-mobile; but i sorted it out later; now all is set for me for the next two years(hopefully).:)

I have owned my TMobile MDA for about a year now and for the most part, it has been a great little device.  It has decent battery life and is incredibly durable, but that is not to say it is still in perfect condition.  The case that ships with the MDA is next to useless.  It only protects the front and back and edges, the corners are all exposed and if you are unlucky enough to drop it, it will probably land on one of the exposed corners, like mine.  I have dropped it on all four corners and each one is riddled with cracks.  In short, it looks like it's been beat up.  The stylus has been lost, and the retention mechanism has loosened over the past year, so it will barely hold a stylus in place anymore.Adding to this problem is the misconception that the TMobile stores are useful after the sale of a phone.  I had a problem with my MDA.  It basically wouldn't turn on.  I didn't know if the battery was bad, charged or what, but I needed some data off the MDA.  I took my MDA to the TMobile store where I bought it thinking I would get help.  I was wrong.  The manager let me connect my MDA to a wall charger to test it, to see if it would charge (it did in his store) but he wouldn't let me try the battery from the unit on display.  I wasn't asking for a free battery, I was asking to try a different battery that had a charge so I could email something off the device and to see if the problem was in the device or the battery.  He asked my if I got my MDA wet or dropped it in a puddle, I assume because it was raining out and I said no, which was true.  He then told me to call the TMobile support line to get help.It turns out that the battery was completely drained and it wouldn't turn on unless it was plugged in for 5 or 10 minutes. A simple enough problem to fix.I have also tried getting replacement styluses but these are not stocked by the TMobile stores.  For such a small part that is easily lost, I am completely at a loss as to why they wouldn't stock these in their retail locations.So, in short, the device itself is durable, but TMobile skimped on the case.  The TMobile stores are only there to sell phones, they will not help you after the sale other than to tell you to call the support number.I plan on keeping my MDA until it dies or something better comes along, but so far nothing has caught my eye.

I love this phone.  I use it to text-message my friends, to play countless video games, to keep track of my appointments, to download all the hottest ringtones, videos and music,  I use the calculator function to accurately price each "transaction"... I fond that the seventy five thousand functions of this phone are a perfect substitute for...... (wait for it)A SIMPLE POS THAT YOU PUT NEXT TO YOUR HEAD A TALK TO SOMEONE WITH!!Fifty years ago, andy griffith could pick up the reciever adn say "mable,... get me aunt Bee...".... and with all the technology we have today, the reception just gets worse each year as companies turn phones into everything but a phone..

This is the best handheld I have seen yet.  It allows you the unbelievable wi-fi connection and bluetooth that will sync to Mac or PC.  The wi-fi can be used WITHOUT the tmobile data plan and wherever there is free wi-fi, you are set to web surf at incredibly high speeds.  Again, you don't need the service to enjoy the internet.The only negative is the poor phone signal.  I am a bit frustrated with the inability to make phone calls while in the house (I have to step outside).  But, you can't win them all.  If you need a hand held and want a great one...this has it all!

I moved from the A630 to the MDA.  I send 1300 - 1700 text messages a month.  This phone is great for message heavy users like myself.  I have not had the trouble with the battery life that the other reviewers are talking about.  I use the internet, the phone, the real player and send tons of text messages every day.  I never have to charge the battery during the day.  I don't use the handset much.  1. because I don't make that many phone calls and 2. because I don't use the handset.  I use the bluetooth earpiece for 99% of my calls.  I've got the Cardo Scala 500 earpiece and the Cardo Scala Rider (motorcycle earpiece).  They both work great with this phone.The only problem I have with this phone is the syncing.  The sync function has given me headaches since I opened the box.  No issues beaming data.  It just doesn't work well with the USB cable.If you enjoy sending messages and carrying a piece of your office on the road this is DEFINITELY worth checking out.PS, camera is lousy.

To make this short and to the point.  I owned two MDA's over the two week trial period.  I loved the phone and thought the internet and applications were easy to use.  I killed the battery very quickly but that was probably because I spent too much time on the internet.Bottom line is the sound quality is awful.  Most people I spoke with told me I sounded like I was talking through a tin can or I sounded very distant.  I hoped that maybe I just received a bad phone, so I returned it for another.  Same story.......the worst sounding phone I've owned in 10 years.  I was sad to have to return it, but if you want a good phone for talking this is not it...........

I own both this phone and the cingular 8125, the mda is a little more fragile and the stylus will not stay in the holder after a few months of use. this is a great phone however although it would be nice if the processor and storage space was greater.If you want a Pocket PC phone this is the best t-mobile has for now.If you want a Smart Phone I prefer the Dash to the SDA

I can understand how a lot of people thing it is a great phone.  The hardware is decent, and if you never used a good handheld user interface, you probably have no idea what you are missing.1. The MS Mobile 5.0 SMS Client used for regular Text Messaging (not Instant Message) does not have a conversation log.  You have an Inbox and Sent box, but no way to thread by the person you are communicating with.  Palm SMS 1.0.1 has this, color coded, with time/date stamps and graphical smilees, similary to conversation logs in popular Instant Messaging clients like Yahoo IM!.  This could sound trivial to some people, but it has greatly impaired one of my most important relationships that depended heavily on daily Text Messaging conversations of 50-100 messages, and my ability to hold multiple text conversations at once.2. You are completely at the mercy of the stylus.  With Palm 5 applications, you almost forgot a stylus was available, except on those rare occasions.  You could do everything with just your thumb.  With the MDA, you can't leave the stylus in its slot for a second without having to use it because the buttons provide no means to click this or do that, not to mention the inconsistency between applications.  Of course, you are back to the fear of what you'll do if you lose your retractable stylus since you won't be able to do hardly anything without it.3. Partially related to number 2, but also related to the keyboard size, you almost always need two hands to use the device.  With the Treo, and Palm's one thumb interface, you could do just about everything with one hand.  With the MDA, you can hardly do anything with only one hand, except perhaps hold the phone to your ear.I was forced to replace the Treo phone with Palm that I loved with an MDA as part of my carrier's outsourced equipment protection plan in order to continue service since they longer supported Treo or any Palm device, or any Linux device for my location at this time (Ohio, USA, May 2006.)  Please don't use the MDA if you can find a non-Windows device, as Palm offers the best user interface and applications, and Linux has a plethora of free software, although I can't say I've tried a Linux UI on a handheld yet.  I'd love to hear other opinions of people who have tried multiple recent operating systems on newer devices.

Watch out potential buyers.  Amazon automatically signs you up for an additional $29.99/month internet fee with a contract!It is bad service by Amazon to not reveal this charge until check out. I bet alot of people miss it and then have a surprise charge they can't get out.

I bought the MDA to replace my aging and worn Sidekick II about 2 months ago.- On the upside, the device is quite feature-rich.  The camera works (albeit not amazingly well), the wifi is fast, the battery life is reasonable, the display is nice, and the processor is adequate.However,- Instant messaging is unreliable, with the network eating IMs for up to several hours at a time, often in the middle of a conversation.- IMs are not considered internet service, but rather text messages...  At $.10 each (sending and receiving), this adds up VERY quickly- I wasn't aware of this "feature" when I started using the device and wound up with $90 in additional fees within a month of getting the device.  I got this refunded, but only by signing up for unlimited text messages.The device is nice, relatively robust, and fun, but it is by no means the convergence device I'd hoped for...  But it'll do for the next couple of years.  >.&lt;

This is MDA is a marginal tool at best. The internet connectivity is slow. Email has to be manually retrieved.  There is no setting to do it automatically. It comes with a 128mb minisd card, which is good for about one picture. The camera takes fuzzy pictures and is slow. Even after you buy it, you will need costly accessories to make the thing marginally functional. The battery is weak and needs to be charged daily. For such a high price, it doesn't come with a car charger or decent memory. Unless you are an expert, you will spend a lot of time on the phone with tech support. If you are a high end user like me, it isn't powerful enough and isn't resourceful enough. For the occasional non business user, it might be ok. The simple things you need to do, they didn't put into this tool. The sliding keyboard is a novel idea but opens to easily, so you will always be shutting it. Web browsing is difficult as much of any content on a page cant be seen, even with reduced visual configuration. It's a shame you cant do a trial before buying.

I just sold my MDA a week ago after using it for 2 months. The product is very underpowered. At 195 mhz, this machine is a dog and you are constantly waiting for it to respond. It is like trying to run Windows XP on a 486. That really is my only complaint. It has many nice features, but they just cannot be fully apreciated since the processor is so slow! The camera isnt all that much to write home about either...

I think this is a nice phone with all pocketpc functionality. It has bluetooth, wirelessLAN, GPRS, EDGE, IrDA and all you may need.. One of the best feature is its builtin large&backlit keyboard. It makes a lot easier to type messages (SMS, email, etc...) I can also use it with Tomtom6 for GPS navigation. This is one of the best in the market...

All the hype ended with a worthless, clunky piece of useless plastic. Every button became non-responsive and useless. I have never been more compelled to share my experience in hopes that anyone looking at this phone will feel informed. I would guess many earlier reviews that shed such a positive light would change after some time of use by the consumers. My phone stopped working without any reason. Tmobile customer service told me that a list of about 20 problems relating to the phone continue to increase. In my case, after exhausting the list of tricks to fix it, the representative pleasantly informed me that the phone was broken and beyond fixing. This happened to occur 15 days after the year warranty expired. BUYER BEWARE!PROBLEMS and NUANCES:1. Very cumbersome. Using the stylus and inputing data while talking is nearly impossible unless you feel important enough to wear an earpiece. The "buttons" on the screen are too close together. You will never use the backspace feature more than with this device.2. Sound quality is horrible. I found myself pressing the phone so tight to my ear in order to hear. In the process, every other button becomes activated resulting in hang ups, dialing, redialing, activating email, etc.3. Internet connection was so slow. By the time you retrieved an email, you could set up a lemonade stand, spend the summer making 10 cents a cup, purchase a desktop, hook up an email connection and still beat the time to retrieve an email on the device. Horrible.4. Camera less than desirable.5. Bulky6. Stylus loosens, falls out, gets lost, all of which make it impossible to use the touch screen unless you have twigs for fingers or fingernails shaped to a tip.Currently I am using a 9.99 loner phone that has already made calling, answering, and checking voicemail 100x easier. Bigger, more expensive, and fancy DOES NOT always equate to being a better product. When Tmobile customer service reps and local store employees told me they think the phone is a horrible product and they do not recommend them to customers, the message is loud and clear. Avoid the frustration of spending alot for very little.

Battery life is VERY poor, with regular usage I need to charge it in the middle of the day or it runs out completely. If used as a phone only, it could last a little more.Besides the quality of battery and overall this MDA is just okay.

UPDATE: This is a phone review - following up on the shipment delay review that I had posted about a week ago.--------------It was well worth the wait - 4 weeks after I ordered, I finally got my hands on the cool new T-mobile MDA!  This phone is mostly everything I thought it would be (and more!).Pros:Nice form factor - it's too big to be in your pocket but it fits nicely in the hand.  The grooved battery cover adds to the stylish metallic feel.Wi-Fi works great right out of the box - had no trouble picking up signalFull keyboard - it's a little small for those with large hands/fingers but the key response/feel is very goodBrilliant balance of phone+PDA - other convergent devices I have owned in the past, have skimped on one or the other - this one brings a nice a balance.  The signal strength (here in Memphis) is not great but above average and call quality is super even with the speakerphone.Loaded with productivity software - Word, Outlook, Excel, Terminal Services are all on thereMedia Player works greatCons:Setup with ActiveSync was a bit of a bother - had to play around with several settings to get it to sync correctlyMemory is on the low-side - could probably have included more storage on the phone.  The expandable mini-SD is definitely needed!Camera is not that good - but hey, can't expect everything!Battery life is on the low side - but the USB charging is definitely useful!  I would recommend cycling the charge (full charge to discharge and then back up again) for the 1st few cyclesSetup with Gmail POP had some issues - several online user forums suggest that this is more a Gmail issue than the MDA.Hope this helps...--------------I haven't received the phone that I ordered on March 15th so, unfortunately, cannot review the phone just yet.Amazon keeps revising it's estimated ship date and multiple attempts to contact customer service have yielded precious little information except "this item is on order with our supplier".  It's important to note that they only revise the shipping date after the original estimate has passed - come'on... I'm sure they have a little more advance visibility into the order status.Living without a cellphone that I expected to receive more than 3 weeks ago is definitely not fun - so please be wary of the shipping estimates if you do decide to order the phone from Amazon.  I'll write another review when (or if!?) I finally receive the phone.

six hours trying to set up active sync.  $35.00 to microsoft tmobile no help have been a tmobile pocket pc user for five years would not recommend this unit until either tmobile of microsoft work better together.

I had the TREO 700w, TREO Palm (wife) sidekick 1 and 2.. so I have the rights to compare this product. Far more superior then any phone I have ever owned. The only reason they stop making them is because of the WING -- which is an upgraded version of the MDA or should I say MDAII.

Unless you want to have a pocket PC you can use this one. However the phone itself may be considered as a mediocre phone. Even the cheepest phone you can get for free from your provider may work better.Pros:- Windows 5.0 (the latest version)Cons:- Constantly loses connection comparing to other phones at the same conditions (RAZR, Blackberry)- Dialing using a touch screen is a nightmare. Try to listen what's going on and use a stylus at the same time :)If you want a pocket PC you may want to buy just a pocket PC with no phone attached.

I have had this phone for just about a year. Just before the one year contract was about to be over, the stylus started slipping out of the phone. I lost 2 quick stylus's in quick succession.  I called T-mobile to report this problem, and I was told that the warranty period is over and that I should call HTC( the manufacturer of this phone) to get the phone fixed.I later researched on the Web and found out that HTC's design is pretty poor.A lot of people had problems with the stylus holder in the MDA.Cons- Clumsy to hold in the hands(Quite slippery)- No easy way to dial without a stylus- Difficult to navigate contacts( A wheel scroll would have been helpful)- Phone is very  delicate and cannot be handled roughly, like a phone.- Poor warranty, when you are spending a fortune for this devicePros- one less device to carry, if you use a PDA and phone

I have had this phone for almost a year now. I have not had any major issues. Though a little slippery to hold. The bad part about the keyboard is that you have to use two hands for it. I have been reading about people losing their stylus', I haven't had that problem so far. I have added a 2GB mini SD card for my tunes. Although this phone does not like Macs, it is a good windows device which requires occasional reset. A built-in task manager would help.

I read the various comments on this phone with interest. The most important thing to note is that this is not a phone with PDA functionality; it's a Windows Mobile 5.0 based PDA that happens to have a phone.I've never used Windows Mobile before but I have a good deal of familiarity with Windows and PCs in general. I found it straightforward to set up and did not need to consult the manual. If you are not comfortable using a PC for more than just word processing you might need some help to get started.As far as the phone feature is concerned, I have not had the issues some people report. I find I can hear the other party perfectly well. I have a simple Samsung phone with T-mobile as well and there was one occasion when my MDA had no signal but the simple phone managed to get one "bar".  I find I can dial one-handed. In fact it's easier than my previous simple phone because the whole unit is somewhat larger and easier to hold.What else? Web browsing, seems to work pretty well with obvious limitations.I set it up to retrieve and send email and that works OK too.I ordered the phone from Amazon with next-day delivery, and it arrived the next day fully connected and ready to use.All in all, very satisfied.

Just received my Tmobile MDA phone yesterday after a wait of 3 weeks. More I waited, more I am disappointed to have such a crappy phone. All features are fine but, the biggest drawback of the phone is its signal. I own 5 other phones and all of them pick up signal which is mediocre, in my house.for example: Nokia 3650 - 4 bars, Nokia 3220 - 4 bars, Motorola V600 - 3 bars, Samsung D415 - 2 bars and Motorola V551 - 3 bars.However, Tmobile MDA for which I spent $ 200 and an additional line for my brother doesn't pick up the network at all. At first I thought there is something wrong with my phone so, I went out towards freeway where it picked up signal and worked perfectly fine. However, when I came back home it again disconnected from the network. Hoping it might be a temporary network outage I decided to leave it that way over night but, even in the morning the same problem was there.It is completely stupid to build a phone that has whole lot of great features but, lacks a very basic feature called "phone". Although, T-mobile tech support has always been very responsive but, even they seem to be making all kinds of excuses and were trying to prove as if there was nothing wrong with the phone. I have decided to return it and cancel all my existing plans with T-mobile. I'd rather go with Verizon and buy Treo 700W. If not much, I would atleast be able to "TALK" using my cell phone.

It is a bit clunky..that is the bad news. All the rest is good.The phone is terrific as a phone. It has good clear sound, an easy interface, and helpful links to your contacts.The browswer feature is awesome. Edge-enabling means you have virtual 24/7 access to the internet, and to your email through the web or an Outlook style program.The 1.3 MP camera is more than adequate for the opportunity shots when you do not have your camera handy.This is a far superior product to a Blackberry unless you need push. I do not, but I have heard push software can be downloaded.I have had Pocket PC's in the past, and had no learning curve with the program. The reality is however it is quite user-friendly and takes little time to master.

Great Phone, but poor reception is a killerThis phone, made by High Tech Computer Corporation in Taiwan is a fantastic marvel of technology with great features like built-in WiFi (and the ubiquitous Bluetooth).  The ability to hack the registry and run third-party applications like Skype make this a formidable phone for anyone who travels overseas.  Imagine making free Skype calls from a WiFi hotspot anywhere in the world!Pros:-  Windows Mobile 5.0, once you get used to its overbearing and inexcusable flaws, is actually very useful and gets along well with the Microsoft suite of aps like Office.-  Large and easy to read display (takes up most of the phone).-  Easy to do a soft reset... at least compared to the Treo, which I had to take apart the stylus.  This is important since you will be rebooting the phone often.-  Learn to use the "OK" and soft keys... they are your friend and will alleviate you trying to hit a tiny X target with your big finger.-  This is a "World Phone" GSM Quad Band... which is something other carries don't seem to understand... mainly due to their incompatible CDMA technology.-  "Push" messaging means you will find out about new emails when they arrive... in somewhat real-time.  This applies to POP3, IMAP and corporate Exchange emails.Cons:-  Programs never stop running.  You must go into the Start/Settings/System/Memory/Running Programs and click Stop to stop a program.  This eats up your memory very quickly, even though Bill Gates assure you that the applications only take up a little bit of memory.  My problems are the applications that are not made by Microsoft... but then most of them have "exit" options.-  The device has slow response times.  A lot of the time if you awaken the device and hit the start menu there will be a two second delay.  Launching any application takes longer than it should... and this includes the camera.  If you are like me, you want instant access to the camera to capture a moment.  While there is a dedicated key on the side for the camera, it still must launch an application... which takes time.  Everything takes longer than it should (or what I would expect).-  The side keys are on the edges of the phone... exactly where you put your fingers to hold the device.  Instead of putting them together, they are distributed to each corner of the phone.  This means that the Comm Manager will pop-up when you least expect it.Paul's Tip:  If you press and HOLD the Comm Manager button, you will toggle the vibrate/ring mode.-  If you enable WiFi and connect to a WAP, Internet Explorer will not switch over from GPRS.  You must restart the phone for it to understand that you are now using Wifi.  Remember, IE doesn't ever stop running.  Also, WiFi does not shut itself off, needlessly draining your battery.  One more thing... the default settings for Windows Mobile is to alert you every time it finds a new access point.  In today's congested world, this is a curse.-  Some important features were disabled in the T-Mobile locked version of the phone... like 802.11g (the hardware supports it), the ability to know if the caps and Function (blue dot) keys are enabled (this is incredibly frustrating when typing in a password that you can't see what you are typing) and indications of whether you are on the high-speed  EDGE or plain old GPRS network or not.  Good news is that there are registry hacks for all these problems (requires you know what you are doing).-  Lack of a dedicated row of number keys (you need to hit "Blue-dot" then the number).  The keyboard backlight times-out exactly when you need it to stay lit (how does it know?).-  Requires two-handed operation for anything beyond taking a phone call.  This is important for anyone who previously owned a Treo or no phone at all.-  If you miss a call due to the inadequate ringer volume (or no signal), you will only be notified once that you missed the call and you have voicemail.  After that... you are on your own to constantly check in with the phone to see if you missed a call/voicemail.  There is no repeat notification.  There is a check box for REPEAT in the notifications setup, but it is greyed out and not checkable... I have yet to figure this one out.-  The ringers included with the phone are lame.  However, this is true with most phones.  There is an easy (undocumented) way of placing MP3s into the ringers folder on the phone via USB cable.-  My particular unit has incredible reception problems.  Trust me, I've done much "can you hear me now" research and I have a good understanding of the technology.  There is no excuse for the constant anxiety I am living in due to the mysterious disappearing signal.  I have developed a habit of CONSTANTLY waking up the phone to see if it is getting reception.  It takes an INCREDIBLY long time for the phone to "find" service... agonizingly long... even though the phone had slamming full signal strength two minutes ago... it will take 5, 10 even over 30 minutes to find service again.  Since I am panicked that I am missing an important call during this time, I have aged at least 6 months in the last week.  Even shutting down the phone and restarting still takes an agonizingly long time to find service.  As I write this sentence... I have no service... and it's not from a lack of coverage.  My wife has a Motorola RAZR V3 and it takes mere seconds to start the phone and find service.  I will be exchanging my phone in hopes that it is my particular phone, and not a common problem with all MDAs.-  If you have read this far, then you deserve to learn that Wikipedia is a great launching pad for more information about this phone, including the undocumented "fixes".  Search for HTC Wizard.

"All you do is go to the start > settings > memory > running programs > and hit stop all that frees up the memory that is being used.""Great tool once you modify the software.""This took me about a week to get used to.""If you never used MDA before then getting used to it may take some time."These are from the 5-star POSITIVE reviews.I've had a computer since 1983, and a PDA and a phone since 1998. But I've never seen UI that demanded so much of its users.It's disgraceful that in 2006, when I go to enter characters into a text field associated with a phone number, I have to switch modes on the keypad to enter numbers. And by the way, when I switch modes, "delete" becomes something else, so if I make a mistake while entering a number, I have to switch modes back out, delete it, and switch back into numerical format. That could happen with 1.0 of anything, but this is tragic.I am planning to return this asap and get a phone that's designed for humans. I'm willing to accept a learning curve, but that's different than having to retrain every action from experience, human impulse and best practice. "Great tool once you modify the software" is no praise for a consumer product, no matter what it is. It's also a great car, when you rip out the engine, and a great home, when you replace the house.

I do love the phone, the fast EDGE service web browsing, and the USB cable tethering to my laptop was fairly easy to setup. However, my biggest complaint is not with the phone, but how the built in Instant Messaging application works and how customers are charged for text messages.Apparently, the IM program (as with the Sidekick) uses SMS messaging to not only transmit messages, but also to update your buddy list every few minutes. With the Sidekick plan, users had unlimited messaging so I was never aware of the fact that it used SMS to communicate. When I signed up for a plan with my new MDA, I chose what I thought was an equivalent data bundle which would give me the same functionality. I couldn't have been more wrong. The MDA Internet bundle does not include ANY text messaging, and you'll be charged the new higher 10 cent per message rate for every incoming, outgoing, buddy list update, and signon/off message that the IM application uses.I'd recommend hanging on to your Sidekick or waiting for the new Sidekick 3 if you're a heavy IM user.

I got this cool looking phone last week. I suppose "cool looks" is all this phone is all about. Its so NOT user friendly. Just to be able to add a contact it becomes a pain. When I am dialing 1800 numbers the subsequent (press-1 , press-2) type thing is so incovenient.DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!

This is by far the best phone for me.  I'm one of those gadgetguys who wants to know everything about a particular gadget to maximize usage.  This thing has almost everything I need and almost too many features for me to learn.  I sync it to my PC Outlook and vise versa, I'm constantly using the Word, and PowerPoint (in fact, I'm typing this review on my mda. I also use it as my MP3 player when I work out. In my business the camera feature is just what I need to clear up any discrepancies. The Notes work excellently - I never need to find a yellow post-it or scratch piece of paper to jot down notes. This is very important- the tech people told me it cannot connect to the internet at a free wifi spot without purchasing the $29.99 monthly fee, IT DOES! I can go to any free hotspot place i.e. library and connect.  It's not the fastest, but it does the job. Reading PDF files is easy and using Excel hasn't been a problem.  Locking and unlocking is simply pressing the on/off button and not holding. If you press and hold then it turns it off.  I even installed my e-sword with all commentaries, dictionary, and devotionals that was available. This thing is my phone, mp3 player, camera, video recorder, audio recorder, Bible, laptop, etc.  This may not be for everyone, especially those that want simplicity. But for those (geeky gadgetguys) who want more capability just in case, I highly recommend the MDA. I can never go back on to those flip phones. Oh, it also is my GPS!!!  And another thing, ask for the free 1 gig mini sd.

I replaced my ipaq 6315 with this. It has a really nice small form factor.  Decent camera for stills ... the default resolution is VGA and the picture looks grainy but after increasing the resolutions to 1.3M pixel got decent pictures. Obviously I shouldn't be expecting a 5MP quality with this. Have not tried the video recording yet. Waiting for my 2 GB mini sd card. Phone seems to be faster than 6315.The good things abt it:Excellent form factorMultiple network connection optionsEase of charging.. ( Can charge with any mini usb cable.. no more carrying the bulky adaptor around)Improved UIGood voice command recognition.The things I can live with :Image qualityNow the bad things.. or lack of the good ones ....Memory should have been 128mb in stead of 64mb.No place to carry additional memory cards in pouch..Couldn't find an indicator icon about Bluetooth headset connectivity .. (time to read the manual ?  or wait for the service pack ? )Overall I am happy with the phone.

This is significantly better than the previous Pocket PC phone.  THANK YOU T MOBILE !!

I just don't understand those that complain about this phone. Please try to comprehend that no phone would have everything that everyone would want.That being said, this phone does an amazing job of having almost everything that most people would want.Talk quality is fine (like a regular cell phone). Windows Mobile hasn't crashed once for me yet (I've had my phone for over a week now). I was up and running within just a few minutes. Easy to learn and well designed.The keyboard is nice and the screen is beautiful. No EDGE service where I live so the internet connection is very slow.Finally, if you are considering purchasing this phone please be aware that you are most likely going to want some additional things to go along with it. Screen protectors, software (SPB Pocket, etc), MiniSD, case, etc. While these upgrades don't cost a whole lot they can really help in the use and enjoyment of your phone.There are just a few negative aspects that you should be aware of:- One handed operation is difficult until you download a plug-in- Voice dialing is sketchy without MS Voice Command- Backlighting is tricky when trying to discern between letters and symbols- This item is really designed to be a PDA first and foremostIf you want to send text messages to classmates get a SDKIII. If you are a professional looking for something to keep you productive while traveling you can't go wrong with the MDA.

On paper this phone is the best thing since sliced bread.In action this phone stinks!I've had this abomination for 4 months and it was the bees knees for the first two. Four months later and:1. The stylus will not stay in the holder. I have replaced it 3 times because they fall out as soon as I put them in.2. The touch screen is completely DOA. You can still navigate enough to send/ receive calls but the PDA functions are now useless.3. The phone randomly mutes my calls, I believe this is due to the malfunctioning touch screen.As I said earlier, this phone was awesome when I first bought it. But there is NO durability built in. None! If you put it in a case, you cannot use the touch screen and you have to remove it from the case to text.Ugh! I know I am ranting but this phone is a major source of frustration in my life. I am about to buy a 8800 from Cingular and pay T-mobile their $200 cancellation fee.

Its cool, but right now a lot of the software out there will not work and will send your unit into an endless reset loop.take a year and buy this. not now though. i would recommend it. the firmware is terrible.

The phone looks great, and feels like a powerful tool in your hand. There is a little green light that flashes to indicate a signal. When this phone gets a signal you tend to divert all of your attention to it and how long it will last, for it may vanish and take up to several minutes for the phone to realize the signal is back. I found myself performing elaborate hand gestures and resetting rituals to speed up the process of finding a signal. It's very frustrating anticipating the phone will most likely fail during a call or when you show it to a friend. My advice is to steer clear of this piece of equipment when used for business purposes until they have worked the bugs out, assuming THEY intend to keep the MDA model alive and write many patches for the problems and not discard the it like so many other tried and failed products we've all fell victim to purchase.The reception issues are based on personal experiences with different types of phones of others using the same carrier in the same location at the same time. The MDA drops while others are still connected. That's not cool, that is humiliating for a $500.00 phone. Worst thing is, after buying and using the most powerful phone I though I could own, I am still looking for a good phone.

This phone is great. Period. People who complaining about t-mobile customer service should try cingular (they treat like trash). If you never used MDA before then getting used to it may take some time. But common people this is why it's called MDA. It has much more functionality then usual PDA or a Cell phone.

This phone will not reliably connect to any Wi-Fi hotspots, and the ActiveSynch program renders my computer unusable. Beware of the Amazon "return" policy. It is return only, and if you get a family plan, it is return both phones only, you cannot exchange, and their customer service is very poor.

they never mention that this is not Mac compatible, they refer you to a 3rd party provider that sells a patch for $40 that does not yet support the mda's operating system.  the screen touch pad is not responsive, wrong responses come up all the time and you dial the wrong person's #.  the manual is not clear.  the alarms do not go off on time but all at once, hours later at the end of the day.  not intuitive at ALL.  I had a palm treo 600, notoriously lousy but better in many respects than this.  Steer clear!

I absolutely love this phone and if I had to choose between my mom and it going over a cliff, well i just dont know. Can I say yaaay? OK yay, I'm a satisfied tmobile customer.

I've been looking at getting a smart phone for a long time. I have had T-Mobile for more than 2 years, and I've had many phones.I did not want to spend the 300.00 T-mobile was asking for, so I just bought this sucker on amazon and got a new number.I am a software developer and network administrator. This phone pretty much does anything I need.the wifi is great for doing high speed data and the edge works pretty well in most places for sending emails and such.Its 1.3 megpix camera takes great pictures and it can send them via email very nicly. My favorite feature of this phone is the ability to sync to exchange server.with a rom upgrade, this phone then has the "direct push" ability. with this feature, exchange will notify your phone when you have new email. There is no text messaging involved with direct push. I also have a program setup to download my pop email from yahoo and other places and those program push that email into exchange, and exchange pushes the email to my phone. Basicly, when i get an email, my phone tells me in less than 1 min after that email arrived in my box. This is very useful for someone who always gets emails and has to reply to them in a timly fasion to get things working again :Pthe SD card is nice to have, all though i wished they would have used transflash. Oh well its fine and does not take any space really. bluetooth is great, the handsfree stereo headphones are good for music. the touch screen is great. the slideout keyboard is great. very simple to use. the screen is very bright and color full. I've found the battery lasts a full day. But it needs to be charged everyday if you want to use it all day like I do.And thats not bad at all, considering a PDA on all the time would drain faster. all in all, if your used to a pda, and want to put a phone into a pda, this is for you. the sound is great, the speaker phone is fine, i dont have anything bad to day about this phone. I am getting a bluetooth GPS device for it, and it will soon be my phone/pda/gps device all in one unit. all for a price of nothing after rebates. you cant beat that with a stick if you tried.Enjoy this phone, I know i do!

You have to be kidding to complain about this phone!This is the most wired Phone I have seen: this guy connects to everyting, it has Bluetooth, 4 band GSM,Infrared, Wifi, and a mini usb plug.(works everywhere I tried it from China, Europe and US)Windows Mobile 5.0 is the most versatile and customizable OS you can dream of.  The sync software transfers all the contacts from your Outlook to the phone without losing any information or truncating names. On top all the software included is rock solid (it even has a remote desktop to control your computer from it - I rebooted my server from China using it).This device is smaller than a Treo, has a full sliding keyboard and a great battery life. I had it for 6 month and never had any complaint (just may be that it looses the stylus a little too easily).

I have been using a Dell Axim prior to this purchase, and connected to the internet using a Motorola V330 cellphone via bluetooth. When I saw this device, it looked like a good opportunity to reduce the number of electronic devices I lug around.When I first got the phone, it refused to boot. After resetting the phone, pulling the battery, etc. etc., I called customer service. They talked me through the hard reset/reformat option and after a couple of minutes the device booted normally and was operational.The radio performance on the cellphone is not good as any of the previous handsets I have used. This handset is not able to coplete calls in low signal areas whereas the V330 I had would put calls through just fine. I have talked to several others at work that have the MDA and they report similar results, so it doesn't appear that I have a bad radio.This phone has a few other quirks that I have noticed: The keyboard suffers from poor key layout. I tried to type the abbreviation LLA in a text message from the keyboard, but it is almost impossible since there is only one shift key on the left hand side of the keyboard and when you press it with your thumb it is almost impossible to hit any of the other keys around it - especially the A key. Also, if you hit the numeric (dot) key to type numbers, it goes into number lock mode. I haven't figured out how to get it back out of this mode (I will have to break out the manual...)Bluetooth works differently on this phone than on other phones. If you have a bluetooth headset connected to the phone, outbound calls always have audio routed through the bluetooth headset. Inbound calls are routed to the phone speaker if you answer from the phone and to the bluetooth headset if answered from there. All other phones I have used route the audio through the headset if it is connected regardless of where you answer the call.There are a couple other annoyances on this device as well - I make a lot of calls to conference bridges and most phones I have had prior to this one allowed you to program pauses and waits for the PIN codes to a conference bridge. I have not found a way to make pocket outlook do any of this.The camera is a dissapointment. I visited the Oregon coast and used the camera to take some pictures of the beach. It was a nice sunny day, yet tthe pictures came out poorly - the digital equivalent of being overexposed.I debated keeping the device or sending it back. In the end I kept it as the convienience of having a combined device outweighs the drawbacks. It's too bad HTC didn't invest a bit more time and effort in the industrial design and implementation of this handset. It could have been much better than it is.

I've had this device for about a day or so, and it really bites the big one! I switched from the sidekick II, and it is so much easier and convenient than this thing! It's slow, it freezes up, and it doesn't even come with email. You have to set up your own account. Of course, t-mobile will tell you how this is so much better than the sidekick or blackberry, it is not! I will fiddle with it for a couple more days, but I think I will send it back. Looks pretty slick, but it is definitely all glitter and no gold.

I returned this device after a week of use. The WIFI feature is definitely a plus. The biggest issue is the reception. The reception fluctuates a lot like the RAZR. The majority of the time when the device loses reception, it make take hours to grab a signal again at the same location. If you check T-mobile's coverage map and its showing "fair" coverage, you'll most likely have a lot of problems.My Moto V300 has great reception in my "fair" coverage area. I believe the cause of MDA's reception is its embedded antenna.

It is a great phone only after you put a lot of effort to upgrade it. what I did:1. purchase a screen protector to prevent scratch.2. upgrade ROM to version 2.24. otherwise you will find it could take your phone up to 2 hours to register into network, where there is 5 bars of signal. and there is a lot of improvement with this ROM, like more stable OS and memory management, faster response, more custom settings, java, and the coolest, A2DP support, which allows you to listen stereo music via BT headphone.3. disable the automatic upgrade timezone in your phone setting. it is enabled by default with the new ROM. but it doesn't work correctly: it always think I'm in IN while I'm actually in NY. so I was late in 3 days in last week.4. install a free software to overclock the CPU. it works stably in 264MHz. the battery consumption in this speed is acceptable.5. buy some cool things: I bot a 2GB mini SD, a BT GPS reciever, a BT steoro headphone. the headphone seems a must because the many of my friends complained when I used the mic with the phone.6. install softwares. I installed iGuidance for map, iSilo to ebook, MDict for dictionary, listpro for data, Opera, TCPMP for media, Skype, Total Commander for system management, and several games like Age of Empire and Warfare.7. asian language can be supported by copying font file and modifying the registry. but you'd better not change the reginal settings. some software won't run properly under asian locale.8. you can call TMobile to cancel the $29.99 internet plan and replace with $5.99 TZone. you can still browse and check email with this plan.CONs:1. camera still not cool enough: only 1M pixel2. CPU may be slow. its competitors all are equipped with >400MHz.Update: TMobile just released their new version of firware 2.26

4.5 starsMy wife and I both come out of professional environments in which we have come to appreciate the combination of Outlook clients with Exchange servers. We now have an Exchange server that we use to run our famiy business, and subsequently manage our life with it as well (schedules for the kids, for the nanny, etc.) We end up running our family like a little company, but I will leave some money for the kids' inheritance so they can deal with THAT issue in therapy later in life :-)We both had BlackBerries, and Samsung i600s running Windws Mobile 2003 on Verizon prior ot getting these MDAs about three months ago.We really love this phone. Now that Direct Push is available, it really syncs perfectly and in real time. All our Contacts, Calendar, Tasks, etc are udated as they happen, and e-mail does as well, of course. We each have several e-mail accounts beyond our Exchange accounts, and those come into a very smart and neat mail client.The only real drawback for me is that I wish it had a real number pad rather than a screen-based one. I know a LOT of numbers by heart, and find it easiest to just dial them. I've now gotten used to the dial system, but it took a couple of weeks. Also, I sometimes use that little stick they provide for on-screen touching, whereas my wife has very beautifully manicured hands with good finger nails she uses to navigte the screen - some things are just simpler for women. My wife loves small touch screens.Btw, the camera is crap, I wish they would have left it out, but I guess they need to be buzzword-compliant and include the technology. They might have been able to make the thing a little smaller or thinner. Oh well.The build quality is very high. The screen doesn't scratch easily, and the keyboard slides away safely with a nice little click.This is a serious piece of equipment for people who really know how to use Outlook. If you just want something to look at received e-mails or tap out messages there might be other products that are simpler and cheaper.

To start off with I read all of the reviews. I want comment on the signal. My MDA has had a better signal and better reciepen then my blackberry (both used t-mobile). My MDA is much easier to navigate and comes with a lot more software then the blackberry. The WiFi was a little hard to setup, but it's nice to have. My only other complaint is it's a little heavy, but great phone.

I've been using the MDA for about three months now and I am already on my fourth device (original + 3 warranty replacements).I have no complaints about the features and usability of the device, only the reliability.  For the first two months, everything was great.  Then the problems started.The original phone's messaging feature stopped working.  I was unable to access or receive any type of messages (text or e-mail).  The only way to resolve this was a hard reset which is very time consuming and annoying.  A hard reset restores all factory settings.  The messaging problem resurfaced again after a few days.T-mobile sent me a replacement phone.  One week later it's messaging feature stopped working too.Tmobile sent me a second replacement phone.  This one only worked for about 6 hours and then started giving problems.  The device would lock up and become unusable.  No buttons worked and the touch screen didn't work.  Not able to perform a hard reset because touch screen didn't work.I received my third replacement (fourth MDA total) two days ago.  I have no doubt that this one will soon turn into a paperweight also.Also keep in mind that these repalcements come via UPS, not in-store exchanges.  I've been without a phone for many days during this process.A tmobile rep told me that HTC no longer manufactures the MDA and the replacements I'm receiving are refurbished units. Great!The only option tmoble gives me for a new device is the DASH.  They will not let me choose which phone to switch too because the DASH is the only one device from the same manufacturer.I would advise waiting to see if Tmobile comes out with a new device this fall or select a completely different device.I hope this info helps.

We've been together for two years.  We both knew our relationship was dysfunctional and temporary, but it took this long for me to find something new and better.  For two grueling years I put up with all of my MDA's quirks, crashes, and severe lack of performance.I was initially impressed by the MDA's long list of features, but in practice my MDA has been anything but useful.  Sure this device can do anything, but it does absolutely nothing well.  Windows occasionally froze in the middle of phone calls, apps crash, the screen took too long to readjust when I slid out the keyboard, the speakerphone with its loud yet poor quality sound, and dialing phone numbers was much more difficult than it should have been.  I had to educate myself in the inner workings of the Windows Mobile platform, overclocking and editing registry settings, just to be able to use the device.The only reason I stayed in this abusive relationship was because I couldn't find anything with equal features.  The last thing I wanted to do was downgrade to a cheap razr, even if it meant putting up with so much daily frustration.  Today marks the end of our relationship.  I found something stable, sleeker, more powerful, more capable and better designed: The Blackberry Curve 8320.Goodbye MDA.  We've had an interesting run.  I may never know my new blackberry as intricately as I knew you.  Thank god I won't have to in order to get some work done.
