
The phone has great looks, but is probably the worst in terms of usability. The phone's user interface is probably the most counter-intuitive among all I have ever seen. You may find this phone unusable if you have owned a Motorola V series one earlier. Here are the drawbacks:- Changing the volume using the up/down side button plays an  entire 2 to 3-second audio clip instead of a beep; this will disturb everyone around you.- There is no way to change the up/down/left/right joystick key bindings; nor the left and right soft key bindings.- Tough to switch between mute/vibrate/ringing modes. Switching b/w vibrate and mute modes will need you to go all the way deep into the settings menu, so is the case with changing b/w ringing and "vibrate then ring" modes.- No way to quickly switch to silent/vibrate mode without sliding it open. Motorola phones make use of the up/down side button to switch b/w silent, vibrate, vibrate then ring, and ringing modes even with the flap closed.- Personalization settings are pathetic and almost absentNeedless to say, a piece with great look-and-feel has been destroyed by extremely dumb and carelessly written software.

Very spiffy, though the menu isn't very intuitive. BUT - and this is a big BUT - if you want to use Bluetooth to connect your pda or computer to the internet, avoid this phone and/or avoid T-Mobile.  T-Mobile DOES NOT support this function on this phone. I spent 5 hours on T-Mobile tech support with a tech who said the phone definitely should do this and that the fact that mine wouldn't meant the Bluetooth on my phone was not working right.  But T-Mobile customer service refused to exchange the phone.  They said that the only things the phone's Bluetooth will connect to are headsets and other Samsung phones.  What's more, they told me they had checked with Samsung and Samsung said the same - although its website says the phone connects to computers via Bluetooth.  So if that function is essential, buy another phone (asking T-mobile first to check its internal documents to make sure it supports the function) or go to another provider.

I absolutley think this is the best phone I have ever had. It has a speaker phone that works great, a awesome picture quality camera( I have downloaded them to the computer and they are nice looking), MP3 player that I havent quite figured out yet BUT when I do I can make my own ringtones of a WHOLE song! It is a tiny phone with  a HUGE, very bright screen. I live in a very rural area and the reception is awesome! Samsung really hit the nail on the head with this one!

I bought this phone about a month ago to replace my old motorola v330 flip phone.  What a difference!  It's much more user friendly, quicker and more intuitive than the motorola. On the old phone I ended up not using a lot of the features because they were so impractical.  For example, you don't have to go through a bunch of menus to send text messages; and it's much easier to assign a particular ringtone or a speed dial number to certain phone numbers. The screen is huge so everything is clear and easy to follow.I was a little concerned about the sliding feature, but I love it. The phone actually seems more sturdy than the flip phone I use to have (the blue rubber coating on the motorola ended up pealing off and the hinges seemed very weak).The phone takes decent pictures; you can also take short videos and record your voice (it's great when you think of something but don't have a piece of paper to write it down; you can just record a reminder for later).The calendar and alarm functions are easy to use and the alarm rings are excellent (not like my old phone that I could barely hear).I also love the mini SD memory card that sits on the side of the phone; the phone comes with an adapter that allows you to slip the mini card in and make it into a bigger standard-size memory card (so you can slip it into your printer or your PC to transfer files).I've sent e-mails with this phone and browsed the web and it works fine.  The keys are easier to use than the motorola I had.I have not used the MP3 player yet but I'm looking forward to it.So far, I love this phone and recommend it wholeheartedly if you're looking for a cool-looking phone that's not a gadget (like, I've heard, the Razr), that is strong enough to live in a purse and that offers a decent amount of features (camera, video, web browsing, bluetooth).  Frankly I did not expect to like this phone this much; I just wanted a replacement for my old one that was also a quad band because I use it internationally. Turns out it's my new favorite accessory!

I.ve had mine now for 2 months and always get compliments wherever I go. My favorites are when I receive them from Razor owners. I love all of the features on this phone and really only had one complaint. This would be the omission of the voice dialing. With a bluetooth headset, which pair up easily with this phone, you can't see who you are calling unless you're looking at the phone.The video and mp3 functions work perfectly and you can hit the 1 key while viewing video for a full screen image. The software included with the phone has yet to be desired as some of the functions are not yet usable.But the ones that do work are fairly quick in data transferring from pc to phone and back.

This is a great phone.  I purchased mine from T-Mobile in Orlando and wish that I had not.  Read on ... Mine was missing the USB Cable.  You can forget about T-Mobile making it right.  They say that they don't have any extra and they won't take it back.  So ... had I bought it from Amazon.com instead, I probably would have been made whole by now.  Good Phone - Bad Carrier.

I JUST GOT MY SAMSUNG T809 ABOUT 3 DAYS AGO AND I CANT KEEP MY HANDS OFF OF IT.  ITS THE BEST PHONE I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME.

ok, before i say something about flaws that i have experienced, i want to say that this phone is in fact one of the best phones i ever owned.  it has a great mp3, high-res cam+camcorder capability.  you can upgrade your T-flash (aka. microsd) to store more data.  you can use this phone as a convinient usb drive.  this phone also can use mp3 files into the ring tones.  the phone has really excellent speakerphone (actually louder than my laptop!).  video-watching capability is eye-opener as well!  so good quality!however, just like any other great product, there are some flaws that could have been fixed before the release.1) there is no hole on the phone where you can attach one of those cell-phone ornaments on.i purchased a couple-ornaments that we can put on cellphones and i feel bad to my girlfriend because i cannot use one!!!  i did not thought that this phone will not have a simple hole!2) you cannot listen to mp3 files through bluetooth handsfree.  this is big annoyance mainly because if you pair up your headsets with bluetooth handsfree and then hook up your headset that came along with the phone to listen mp3 quitely, the bluetooth handsfree would be disabled and requires re-connection in order to use this.imagine, everytime you use the headset, you have to go to phone settings and reconnect the bluetooth again! in order to use the handsfree!3) there are not that many accessories for this phone yet.  (especially screen-protectors, which are must for this sleek phone, are hard to find and expensive to special-order)other than the above flaws that i have experienced, i have not found any other problem with this phone.  i, in fact, love this phone!

I chose this phone originally because I thought it would be as good as the Samsung Anycall phone I used while living in Korea and bought for about the same price. The T809 is certainly a good phone but based on my experience with Samsung phones in Korea, I have to say I expected more. Granted, if all you want in a phone is the ability to make and receive calls, you shouldn't be forking out a lot of money in the first place, so my complaints about this phone are not related to actual phone use.First, it seems pretty typical that the included ringtones with Samsung (T-Mobile, at least) phones suck. The T809 is no different. However, although the T809 has an mp3 player and the ability to download mp3s from your computer or online, you cannot set those mp3s as your ringtone. This is a complete rip-off and should be available in a phone with a $300 list price.Second, the boxy style of the slider phone and the useless box wedge at the bottom of the phone (where the microphone seems to be) makes it impossible to slide the phone up with your thumb from the bottom, which is what makes slider phones so convenient in the first place. You have to either use your finger nail to slide the phone up with the "shelf" underneath the Samsung logo or slide it up using the side of the phone (easier). Not convenient if you're in a rush.Third, the menu is only available in the "floating icon" style. On my Korean phone, there was a choice between a list menu and an icon menu. In addition, the Phonebook can only be reached from the front  "Welcome" screen, not on the Menu.Fourth, the camera phone only faces the front of the camera or the back. If they're going to put in a camera that revolves, it should be able to revolve at any angle.Things I like about the phone are its screen quality, the inclusion of a currency converter on the phone and the "World Time" function, allowing you to see two different time zones at one time.Is the phone perfectly sufficient for everyday use? Of course.However, being aware when I returned to the States that Samsung phones were of better quality in Korea than here, I tried to find (and thought I had found) a phone that would live up to Korean standards. Having discovered that I was wrong after purchasing a phone with a $300 list price is a bit of a disappointment.

I just got this phone a few days ago.  It is absolutely amazing.  I wasn't planning on getting this phone until I actually saw one in person.  I wasn't too impressed with the pictures of this phone on the internet but when I saw one in person, I couldn't close my mouth.  I just had to get it.The LCD screen is very big and bright (you can change the brightness level of course).  You'll be amazed by the rotating camera/camcoder feature of this phone.  You can zoom in/out in camera mode and it has the best video recording mode out of any cell phone out there.  You can download mp3s and set them as your ringtones or play full mp3s.  You can even download video clips and watch TV shows.  The phone came with a music video and the video quality was exceptional.  The phone has 70MB built in memory but it comes with a 32MB transflash card which is one half the size of your fingernail.  You can buy a bigger transflash card if you need more storage space.  The fact that this phone is quad band means it will work almost anywhere in the world, which is a big plus.  The phone is roughly the same size as Motorolla Razr but it is lighter and has superior features not to mention it's a SLIDER PHONE!However, no phone is perfect.-I wish the phone had a small hole for cell phone straps or keychain.-Camera does not have a flash.-You cannot set MP3's that aren't DRM (Digital Rights Movement) protected as ringtones.  You will need to change the MP3 file extention to .3GP to be able to set them as ringtones, which is a little annoying.  You can still play all the MP3's on the phone, but only the ones with DRM protection can be set as ringtones (unless you change the file extention to .3GP).I suggest you go to one of the Tmobile stores and actually see the phone for yourself.

T-mobile and amazon used to offer great service, and best of all was the option of having 1-year contracts available instead of having to be tied up with your carrier for two years. So far Verizon has 1-year plans. It is a big drawback if you're considering 2-year plans. I wonder if they are going to put it back, but for now, i'll have to wait.

Before getting the T809, i went to many site including Amazon, to read reviews, Everything looked good. So i wasn't surprised when i finally got the phone. Here are the pros and consProsphone very media heavy-watch/take/download video and same mp3you can change any sound on phone, has mp3 ringtones(problem)Also the camera is good for a phonebuttons are comfortablevery thin, nice big,bright screen,bluetooth very helpful, send files to other devicesCamera/video/bluetooth easy to useMenu interface very simpleCan use phone slided down, just not for cameragood reception in NY/NJ areaConsThe phone screen dust collector so dont put in pocketthe phone clip,is horrible,it's hard to pull out the phoneSide jack strap for charging/headphones very flimsy not strongNot too many personal customizable things(color scheme,wallpapers, ringtones)when using media battery heats quicklyphone feel like its fragile, not sturdywhen left for a while the keys locks, and has to be unlockedno flash, battery not that strongVery hard/complicated to put videos and ringtones on phone from computerOverallA great phone quad band, so use any where in the world. If you get past these little things, the phone is for you. When it comes to media , if you have 512 MB memory card(32 mb comes with phone), you basically have a video Ipod on the phone(download video and mp3). Also if any owners want to know how to put mp3 ringtones or videos on the phone contact me through Amazon.com

I've been using my T809 since January and mostly love it.  Three main problems:1) There is some sort of pinhole leak in the upper right corner of the screen where dust gets in behind the screen lens.  Looks like crap when the display is inactive.  I've read that other people have this problem too.2) I hardly ever use this as an MP3 player because you have to use their poorly designed headset (they won't stay in my ears!) and because you can't hear the phone ring over the headset while listening to music.3) The ring starts off softly and builds to a louder volume.  If I have the phone in my pocket I miss the first couple of rings (too quiet) and by the time I realize I'm getting a call and fumble to get it out of my pocket, I've usually missed the call.  This sucks and I don't think there's a setting to disable this "feature".It's close to ideal, but no cigar.  Camera's great, reception's great, easy to use.  But I'll probably look for something similar but better after my contract expires.BTW, if you get insurance thru TMobile for any phone, make sure you see it on the bill.  I had a problem with water damage three weeks after buying.  TMobile claimed I never asked for insurance, but fortunately Amazon exchanged it.

i got this fone for 200 bucks. i agree that it's def. a RAZR killer. but i dunt know wat the guy below me is talking bout it cant synchronize. but it synchronizes for me. jsut use the USB in stead of the bluetooth. and yu have to change the USB settings b4 yu can synchronize it with yu comp. but i def. love the video playback and mp3 player. just convert yur videos to MP4 or 3GP format. but just one thing i wish the fone had was a separate jack for regular headphones. cuz i dunt like the headset that it came with its not as loud. but other than tite prolly the best fone yu can get for 200 bucks.

The Samsung t809 is a very good looking device.  It feels great in my hand, fits unobtrusively into my pocket and the slide action is very solid.  The main problem for me is that it does not function as a phone!  I work in an office building in midtown New York City and this phone cannot connect to the network.  On out the street, it's fine; more than two feet from the window inside it loses the T-mobile network.  Whilst the device does have a great screen, with vivid colors and a pretty good camera, those features need to work in addition to being a phone, not instead.So, I ran an experiment.  I took my old T-mobile candy-bar phone (Samsung x105) to the same dead-spots that the t809 experienced. I swapped my sim card between them and found that the old phone had between 4 and 6 bars, whilst the t809 had no service. There was nothing wrong with the T-mobile network -- it was the new phone.  I had the new phone for three days in which time I was only able to make one call (out in the street) and only had one incoming that did not drop after a second or two.  Other people who had tried to reach me said the calls had gone straight to voicemail.That one outgoing call hurt me.  T-mobile customer support used it as evidence that the t809 was okay and they would not replace it. So, after three days it has gone back with no replacement (luckily for me I am inside the 14 day return period -- but the return postage was from my pocket). Not only am I unhappy with this high-tech phone's rather low-tech approach to reception, I am also annoyed at the attitude of T-mobile customer service towards a defective unit.  Doing research after my final call to them, I found a number of people with similar experience of poor reception.My advice: if you plan to use this phone inside a building, make sure that you test its reception (and not just in the T-mobile store) before you make any long term commitments.

I got this one three days back and have been trying to figure out the design philosophy. Not got it yet. But I like the phone.First off, phone performance:Phone reception is fine - SF Bay area.Sound quality: Like a normal cell phone. No echoes, boominess or any such thing.Battery life: 2-3 days per charge with bluetooth on and about an hour of use, rest on standby and fiddling around with the screen at full brightness. I think that is reasonable based on the previous phones I have had.Usablity as a phone: Depends.To carry around: I feel this is not one to carry around in a pocket with the screen unprotected. Why? The screen is highly polished and I am concerned it might get scratched easily and then look not so cool. Has not happened in my few days of usage, however.To receive calls: Its neat. You dont have to open the sucker, just set up any-key answer and you can use it in its closed state. Infact, you can set it up to shut off its screen after 30 seconds, so it looks fascinating to be speaking into this sleek black thing with no lights and mostly no buttons showing.To make calls: almost as neat. You dont have to open it to access previously called numbers - just hit the green button, up pop the numbers, scroll to the right one and hit the dial button. Nice. Almost the same deal with the phone book. Unfortunately, to dial a number NOT in your phone book, you DO have to get at the numbers, and show the dial pad. Oh well.Bluetooth setup for headset: Simple. Couple buttons did the trickfor me.Screen visibility: Phenominal. Best I have seen so far, even when it is dimmed down to 30% brightness when most other phones screens are looking really washed out. You can use it as a part-time flashlight instead of stumbling your way around at night, its that bright. And of course, when it goes into battery saver mode, the screen goes jet black - very cool. Not a wimpy gray or blue. Nice fonts.Other stuff:Rings. The one they give is, well, lets just say there is room for improvement. YOu can download others, or hook it up to a computer, throw in some midi files and use those.Games: Yes, but that is not my criteria when buying a phone.Washing machine/dishwasher/mouse trap capability: No. Its a phone.Computer interface: Piece of cake. With a USB connection - you need to install the drivers first, and the documentation sucks - I installed it as a precaution. You can drag and drop files - photos, mp3 and midi tracks to convert to your ring tone (mp3 files suffix needs to be changed, though), probably even word docs and spreadsheets if you must - if you want to use it as a temporary external storage device.Samsung software: umm, same deal as the supplied ring tone. Room for improvement. Considerable room, actually.Comments: The Java applets, flashing lights and monkey tricks lose their charm very quickly. Have not yet figured out how to stop the circus. The user manual, well, as my optimistic boss used to say, its a good beginning.Others have covered other features well enough so I will stop here.Last word: Very good phone. Overall package - can do better.

EDITED, BE AWARE: I am having a problem with listening to videos on the phone, audio/video go out of sync, video runs faster. I called Samsung support Level 3 and they told me I was pretty much on my own, Samsung would not support the video editor.It has quite a lot of features given it's small size:- The screen the best I've seen on any phone and gets a lot of attention.- Menu is pretty easy to use and gives access to the same options from different branches of the menu.- The casing is high quality and tight.- The PC app that comes with the phone is very good for managing all the data. You can easily manage and backup your contacts from the PC.- You can charge the phone from the PC if you are in USB-Modem mode (don't forget that)- It takes microSD cards but you can manage the card only in USB-Mass storage mode.- The keyboard is small. You may need to use your nail to push some of the buttons.- You need to use the slide-up by actually touching the screen. Otherwise you may hit the navigation buttons.- I like the quad-band GSM, world time, unit-currency conversion features for international compatibility.This is a light, easy to use, world compatible and good looking phone.

I brought this phone with T-Mobile 600 minutes service plan under 2 year contract. The handset is simply great and I agree with the good reviews of other customers, but the coordination of Amazon.com and T-Mobile is really very bad, So if you are buying this phone from Amazon.com with T-Mobile service plan then please think twice.When I called T-mobile for activation they told that they dont have any information for me and the sim card number I mentioned was being used by some other customer. 2-days later I revieved a phone number from Amazon.com with wrong area code.Whenever you call Amazon.com they say that please contact service provider and T-mobile says that we are not aware with the terms and condition of amazon.com.Finally T-mobile sent me a new sim and my cell is working now, god know how much they charge me for this new sim.

After my 3-year old Samsung S105 died, I decided to go for this phone.  Now that I've actually played for a few days, I have some comments about this phone. Out of all the feature its manual lists, the only features I use are making/receiving calls, taking pictures, and listening to mp3.Things I like:[Camera]- the lens rotates, and it is pretty bright (F/2.8)- 1.3MP... certainly this is not a substitute for a digital camera, but it does a decent job considering its size- good white balance- you can set your own mp3 as a ringtone, and Samsung provides the program that edits the music (you need to convert it to 3gp, move it to memory card from computer, then copy to phone, then set as ringtone)- you can buy a bigger size Micro SD card and expand its memory- nice crisp color display- easy to slide, good appearanceThings I do not like:- it does not have any "hanger" for a hand/neck strap (think how cool it would be if you can hang this on your neck and listen to mp3)- limited selection of the  original ringtones that come with the pnone- setting mp3 as a ringtone takes an annoyingly lot of steps and is not described in the manual- the buttons are a little bit too small (and I'm a female)I don't use bluetooth, text messaging, t-moble web etc so I can't comment on that to summerize I like its slick design, camera, and mp3 capabilities.Bottom line: get this phone if you are a new subscriber and is getting from Amazon for so little money.  I was already with t-mo and had to pay $$ to get this...

can someone suggest me which and where should i get an extra battery? oem or not? what are the pros and cons of both kinds of battery? thank u

I've owned several phones over the years, including sony ericsson, nokia, etc. Overall this is a good phone. Screen is amazing 320x240, better than a treo 700w. decent camera at 1.3 MP. Decent video at different sizes.This phone pretty much has all the features I wanted. A few I couldn't find first but eventually found. Note - to play an MP3 as a ringtone just change the extension to .3gp, no DRM issues. It's very simple.As for battery life, here's the deal: it's good, BUT the screen sucks so much juice, and probably the MP3 player too, that if you are playing with it a lot it will drain quickly. If you have it on standby and just make calls, its as good as any other phone battery. I'm over 30 hours with all 3 bars still. So that should sort that out. If you use this as your ipod or psp, expect short life. If you use it as a phone, its good.The phone is quite thin so its difficult to feel it vibrate. Also Samsung apparently doesn't do vibe and ring simultaneously, the closest it vibe then ring.The earpiece is off center so you have to adjust accordingly. No big deal.Note that at this time you cannot use java applications that need to access the internet. For example no Google maps, no Opera mini browser. I believe this is a Tmobile issue, and I think you can avoid the problem with the $20 a month full internet plan.There are 3 alarm choices and for each of them you can adjust which days of the week it will go off. Great if you use it as your alarm clock. The first alarm you can snooze with which is nice for snoozers like me.Note it comes with a 32 meg transflash card. I bought a 512 card for mp3 storage etc on newegg for $25. You can get them up to 2 gig though, which would be like a nano.All in all, easy to use and good features. Good size and weight although a little wide for my taste. but you get a bigger screen for it.[...]

Excellent phone !Pros: Easy to use, great camera, expandable memory, voice clarity, good signal for any network, nice features for the music lover !Cons: I had initially thought that the sliding might be a problem but now after using it I find it flawless. Came across dropped calls due to the phone and had to change it since their was some inherent problem in the earlier model. Samsung customer service sucked ! Managed to resolve the issue with Tmobile !Overall worth buying if you get it free !P.S: During winter, If you are wearing gloves it is difficult to handle the phone.

I upgraded from a Nokia 6600 (which I loved but it wasn't the hottest looking phone) and have also had the Motorola A630.  This phone is nice, dainty, and has a great display, but it ends there:*) The speaker isn't loud enough, so you're always pressing the phone to your ear so incredibly hard and still can't hear too well - I called T-Mobile, they acknowledged the problem and sent instructions to the phone to increase the speaker volume to no avail.*) The slider is hard to get to quickly - if you try sliding the phone open, many times you will actually reject a call.*) Using call waiting isn't too bad - when you go to call waiting it is easy, but retrieving a call is painful*) Text messages - this is the worst ever - first, slide the phone open, create a message, hit the enter key, then recent log, then select your recipients, then next then enter then the message sends.  On the nokia it was create the message, hit the green button, enter your destination, hit the green button.*) deleting messages is worse!  select the message, hit options, hit delete (sometimes it's 4, sometimes 6), "are you sure", hit yes, done.  On the nokia, select the message and hit "c" and you were instantly done.*) bluetooth - it's supposed to be convenient, but NO, you are always asked if you want to connect - there is no such thing as auto-connect!  every time I get in my car I have to get the phone out of my pocket and unlock the phone, then hit yes, or I'll be nagged every few seconds by a noise.  Oh, and if I hit NO (when someone else is in the car and I don't want calls going to the car) it'll ask me again in about 5 seconds.  ARRRGH!This baby is going back!  I'm now gonna try out the Blackberry 8700.

Size was my primary focus and then current features such as mega pix camera and mp3. Have been less then wowed with some of the functionality, but would make the same purchase again. Did I mention that almost everyone makes comment and it's a great way to open conversations with people. Well, they usually initiate. Seems as if all anyone cares about these days is the size of ones equipment and how nice it looks. It feels good in the hand and people can tell how enjoyable it is to communicate with by the smile.

I bought this phone for its big luminous display and compactness, and am very pleased.There are some drawbacks nicely detailed in the extensive review immediately below, so I won't go into them here, except to mention the slider difficulty (next paragraph).  But overall, if you want an attractive phone that is compact and light but with a big, friendly display, you aren't likely to be disappointed.I find the slider infinitely more easy that a flip phone, and tossed my moto V3 flip phone in favor of this one.  But the slider is difficult to use, and you'll have to develop a technique to open it that suits you.  Quite simply, there is more resistance to the slider than one expects.I've seen people use two hands, which is a bit ridiculous (but of course, many people use two hands for flip phones).  Personally, I plant my thumb right on the screen, pinch the phone, and make a snapping motion like snapping your fingers.  That works well, but takes practice.  I don't mean to turn you off to the phone, but DO be aware that it takes getting used to.Very important to me is this phone's compactness.  I'm a guy, so it's got to fit easily in my pocket and not weigh me down, and this phone fits the bill nicely, even better than the moto V3.That's my two cents!

I owned this phone for 2 months already. It's my 4th Samsung phone and I never had any problems.The computer chip of this phone is much faster than any other previous model. The menus are easy to use. the LCD quality is phenomenal. It has a huge memory capability, with the option of adding an extra memory card (micro SD). You can store all of your media and address book entry in the memory card if you wish.PROS: picture quality, easy to use, mp3 player, 2 stereo speakers, bluetooth (OBEX), very light and durable.CONS: keys are too small, battery life, it doesn't come w/ car charger, price

This is the greatest GSM phone on US market by far....way better than V3 and others.Someone said it's slimsy, but I've proven this is no right on the second day of my ownership:). I have dropped it from my 2-ft high desk to the concrete floor once today and it got nothing damaged, not even a dent or mark.But there are couple of bad designs as well (or maybe I'm just too picky :-).1. No voice dialing function, which is the most needed function when make calls while driving;2. The camera is only 1.3 Megapixle resolution, so it's fine when viewing your photo just on the phone screen, but when you put it onto your computer, it turns into unacceptable;3. It does record videos, but only for couple of seconds, which means this function basically is useless in daily life;4. The most bad design is the earphone. It's so loose in my ears so when I turn my head a little bit, it will fall off. I had to pick it up when it fell or use a finger to hold it while I was driving and calling, and you know you have to keep on turning your head around when driving!5. You can't pick up phone calls by just pressing on the button on the earphone wire.In all, I still recommend this one

This is the worst cell phone I ever bought, I only bought about 3 months ago, battery does not even last 1 day, has no way to switch to vibrate, or mute only on or off, does not work well and only feature that works well is the camera.  I need a phone to last more than 8 hours.  I am buy another phone but it will not be Samsung.

I absolutely love this phone.  I've had it for almost 2 months now and its awesome.  I haven't encountered dust in my phone like some people have and the trick to prolonging battery life is to not charge it all night or past the time it stops charging.  I charge mine in the morning while I get ready for the day or if I charge it at night I make sure I don't have it plugged past the point of the battery being charged.  The only thing I can complain about is not YET being able to make mp3's ringtones but I'm working on that ;-).  AWESOME PHONE.

The screen is amazing , w/out question the best of any phone. The menus are easy to figure out adding pics and ring tones to contacts is made very easy. A great phone , Nextel needs to come off their high prices and purchase better phone ( they should buy from samsung )

Pros:Awesome video displaygreat soundeasy to use... kindaAwesome camera and mini camcorder for short clipswill take a 1 gig trans flash card 0easy menucool look,designCons:drops calls a lotshort battery lifenot reliable as a phonespecial earbud you can only get thru samsung therefore there is no variety and the only earbud they offer is not comfortable.Cant charge the phone and use the earbud at the same time cuz they use the same portquirky as to wether a video will work or not and zero support from samsung on that issue.too many special tricks needed that are required to get many features to work that only can be found by spending many hours in forums about this phone.Bill[...]

I previously had the samsug e315- which I liked, but it was getting a little outdated. So after much research, I decided to go with this phone. I really like it so far.Cons:-I purchased an unlocked phone off ebay and i popped in my SIM card and the first thing I noticed was that all my contacts numbers showed up as a mobile number, regardless of what i had set it as previously. I know you can change the icons to indicate home, work, mobile, etc through the Samsung software, however, those changes will only show up if you move the numbers to your phone and it can be tedious. I prefer to keep my numbers on my SIM anyway, so i just left it and ended up changing the actual names to reflect what the number actually was.-the SMS/MMS tones suck really bad and I can't figure out a way to change it. But whatever, that is just a personal dislike, nothing against the phone.-sliding mechanism isnt as smooth as I would like, but, it's not terrible.-my older phone had better battery life, but I charge every night, so it is not a major problem for me.-phone shows that i have no bars, however, I get calls regardless. Kinda misleading.Pros:- set mp3s as ringtone using the microsd card- very simple once i figured out how to actually do it.- sleek look- unique from most phones out there.- cute little sounds!- speaker phone is great-- crisp and loud. this goes for the mp3 player as well. I do not have headphones for this phone, so the mp3s play on the speakerphone and it sounds like fine.I recommend this phone.

Last year I upgraded the firmwire in my T809 to D820 firmware. Difference is night and day. D820 is better than T809 in almost everything. D820 has superior usability. I even downloaded third-party java software such as Google Maps and Opera Mini, with no extra cost. I no longer use the crappy browser that came with T809. Opera Mini is da browser.T809 with T809 firmware: 3.5 stars.T809 with D820 firmware: 5 stars.Just upgrade to D820 firmware, you wont regret it.

I've had this phone fro a few months now. It replaced my Sony Ericcson which I loved. This phone, however, has several features that are better than the Sony. The screen is bright, big, and very colorful. The resolution is amazing. I personally don't like flip phones, so the slider function is great. There are a few drawbacks though. The battery life is about 1/3 as good as my Sony. I have to charge it every night and I don't talk on the phone all that much. The speakerphone is great, but for caller ID ringtones the sound is aweful. I love the picture caller ID, but it was a pain in the butt to get my computer to sync up with the phone. Also, the keys are rather hard to push which makes text messaging a bit of a pain. Even with these complaints I wouldn't trade this phone for another one and highly recommend it.

Cons:1. DROP CALLS A LOT2. phone book takes a long time to initiate after the phone was turned back on3. keypad awkward to use - too crammed together4. You cannot have ringtone and vibrate at the same time, it is either or.5. Excesssive useless botton and features such as repeated "my music/ my photos / T-zone," etc.6. Samsung doesn't offer loaner phone while your phone is sent into for repairPro:1. Quality of screen is great - color and definition excellent2. Small and light-weight3. looks fancy

I just wanted to give a quick review of the T809 that I recently purchased.the Pros:* very sleek, professional looking case and keypad* the best and brightest display I've seen on a phone yet* slider function makes using one hand easier* overal craftsmanship is very good (sliding feels very solid)* menu software is fairly intuitive* Bluetooth enabled* speakerphone* decent camera and video* good max memory* T-Mobile is a better overall service provider than the others I've tried to date: Cingular, Sprint & AT&T.;the Cons:* reception isn't bad but isn't terrific* max volume is too low and is affected when reception is poor* no Voice-Activated Dialing* difficult to get a good case for it (shouldn't every phone manufacturer produce a class A version for each model?)The phone is a little smaller than it appeared online, but the backplate I bought (search for T809 back case) gives it a little more weight.  You'll still need screen protectors, though, and there's no "front plate" to protect it, but I don't like the pouches, so what can I do?  A backplate with a single bar across the top could protect it; not sure why there isn't one made yet.In summation, I really like the T809 and if it had Voice-Activated Dialing or better sound, I'd have given it 5 stars.  It's a far better phone than any I've owned previously, though, so I'd definitely recommend it.

My new Razr went on the fritz, and T-Mobile amazingly gave me the option of exchanging it for the t809, which was $150 after rebates instead of $90 for the Razr. I took the Samsung. I like it a lot more than the Razr and better than my last Nokia.Overall it's a good phone, with a great screen and some decent aspects to the interface. Every phone I've head, cheap or expensive, has been full of irritations and poor design aspects. So the big picture is that I enjoy a lot of things about this phone.Here are the negatives:1. Can't customize rings. I paid $1.50 to T-Mobile just to get a ring sound that wouldn't embarrass me (there may be a way to download your own mp3's to use as rings).2. No instructions for using SD adapter for mini-memory card.3. Address book imports phone #s and email but not photos, addresses, or notes. And there's no space for street addresses or notes.4. Cheap earphones and they are stereo, which is not what I want for a phone conversation. Proprietary adapter for the headphones, and I have not yet found online where to buy an adapter (and why should I need one to use my own headphones).5. Small keys, easy to miskey.6. Can't customize the phone buttons as you would on a Motorola or Nokia. No customization of buttons at all is available.7. Flimsy coverings on ports (which may not keep out dirt from the screen anyway, from what I've read). To use the headphones or to recharge the phone each day, you need to unsnap and then later reattach the port cover. It feels like it'll eventually fall off anyway.I'm a Mac user, and Samsung phones are well known for not being supported by iSync. Here's what WILL work with Mac OS X:1. Bluetooth file exchange works to send files, but can't read them. For that you'd have to take out the memory card and see if you could read that with an adapter.2. Address book: you can "Send this card" successfully (address card photos don't transmit)3. Dialing from the Mac Address Book isn't supported, even though the phone shows up as an option. It's greyed out.4. iSync, as mentioned, won't work.5. You can't back up all the numbers you send over by Bluetooth from the Mac.

After reading all the reviews about this phone, I thought I'd take the plunge and try it out. For those of you thinking this phone will sync to your PC and to Microsoft Outlook...FORGET IT!!! Samsung FLATLY LIES about this phone being able to sync to Outlook and they don't even care that their lying about it can cause the end-user many hours of frustration and aggravation trying to get the phone to do something they claim it does, but has absolutely no ability to do!!!When I got the phone, I eagerly went into the Samsung PC Suite supplied with the phone and tried to connect to my PC's USB port. After a dozen or so failed attempts at synching the phone to my Dell PC running Windows XP Professional, I called T-Mobile and wasted at least 1 1/2 hours talking to "techs" who had NO IDEA of how to make the phone connect and sync to my PC. I finally got one tech who admitted that he had no idea and told me to contact Samsung directly to fix the problem.So I called Samsung's mobile phone tech support section and was again handed from one unknowledgeable tech to another unknowledgeable tech...a total waste of my time!!! I was finally switched to Samsung's "highest" level of tech support and without batting an eyelash, the senior tech told me to stop trying to sync the phone to my PC because it was IMPOSSIBLE...the phone is NOT CAPABLE of synching to a PC!!!This totally infuriated me , but I asked politely why Samsung advertises that the phone can sync and supplies software that has radio buttons that show the phone SHOULD sync to my PC when it is a known fact by Samsung that the phone is INCAPABLE of synching to a PC!. I was told by the senior tech that Samsung had "anticipated" the phone being able to sync to a PC running Windows 2000 or XP, but it was decided by them NOT to make it synchable with Windows PC's. They actively made a decision not to have this phone sync to a PC but failed to remove any of their literature and advertising that the phone synchs to a PC when it is totally impossible for it to do so!!!I am so upset with Samsung for PURPOSELY LYING about this product that I will NEVER by another Samsung product again. If I can't trust a company to tell me the TRUTH about how their product operates, then why would I believe them when they tell me what they think is good about their product!SHAME ON YOU, SAMSUNG!!!

I bought this phone free after rebate from amazon.  amazon duplicated my order so I end up buying two phones and two contracts.  i still need to cancel one of the order. hope it's not too messy to do.this phone has the best screen on the market. qvga resolution, it's supper smooth, and it's very bright. viewable out in the bright sunny day.  camera quality is ok to play with but not for prints. get a camera if you want take good photos, phone is a phone.  mp3 player is nice, with the trans flash memory slot, you can decide how many songs to store.  currently the largest trans flash memeory is 512mb, but this will change over time.  ear buds are non standard jack, i dont like this.  this is my 1st phone with external speakers, it's very usefull when you want other ppl to hear it or put the phone down instead of holding next to your head.video play back quality is very good, thanks to the qvga hi-res screen. i only tried the demo mtv video came with the phone.  one thing to notice is the phone gets warm when playing video/audio.keys are kinda small and without ridges so maybe hard to press blindly.bluetooth works fine. but when pairing, you must press yes button to accept.  my older sony t630 automaticlly pairs without having to press any buttons if the device was previously setup with the phone. also, turning bluetooth on and off also reqires going into the setup menu instead of a easy short cut button.  my acura tl works with it but doesn't show battery and signal status.  my t630 worked with all features.no phone is perfect, this is one of the best out one the market right now.  hold one in your hand, you will be attracted by the screen.

hello my name is shelsee and ive had dis fone for lyk bout 9 months and still have sum questions bout it so if anyone who has A LOT of experience can u plz contact my aim is PORKY7545 thank u it will mean so much

I got this phone because it's super-thin, and it's a slider. The form factor and screen are fabulous, as everyone else has noted, and it's great to watch peoples' eyes pop when they see me slide it open.However, in use I've found a few things that prevent me from really loving the phone. Battery life is average- battery lasts for a few days, which is not great compared to many other phones these days. The organizer has some cool functions, like a timer, calendar, todo list, etc., but their usefulness is limited by the fact that they're buried under 3 levels of menus. There are no customizable menus/shortcuts that I've found either. For some reason, there is no "normal" ring tone included on the phone. I suspect this is part of T-Mobile's scheme to make you download one from T-Zones, which is probably the most annoying thing about this phone. The center button in the directional pad takes you straight to T-zones, and there are several other places in the phone (like the menu after taking a picture) that take you to T-Zones without really making it clear that's what's going to happen. Basically, I never ever want to use T-Zones, because I don't want to pay extra, but the phone is constantly trying to "trick" me into going to T-zones. I just hope I'm not charged anything for the 20-30 times I've inadvertantly started up T-zones.Also- one real oddity- the phone works with some Samsung software called PC Sync, but for some reason, you can't sync your Outlook with the phone, even though the phone has a calendar, todo list, etc. The button in PC Sync is just mysteriously grayed out.

It is a great phone loaded with lots of good-to-have features. But it fails on the very basic must-have use of a phone...connecting. I have a Nokia 6010 & this one, both active with T-Mobile. The reception of Samsung t809 is far inferior to the Nokia one. In the same place, I can see 5 bars on my Nokia against one on Samsung. And this is consistent. As if that wasnt enough...if you try to connect with anything less than 3 bars, the phone just goes blank and does not connect at all. In a nutshell, you can use it for everything but making calls and receiving calls.So, overall, I would not recommend this phone to anyone, except if you are more interested in using it more as a camera or digital diary.

I've had Nokia, Sony-Ericsson, and Motorola phones - and each has had features that I found to be incredibly useful. I've heard a lot about Samsung phones in the international community and I was excited when I saw that T-Mobile began offering this phone. I was hoping it would be a combination of all that I ever wanted in a phone - but I was disappointed.To begin with, this phone looks great. Well-built, sturdy, and with a high-gloss finish that screams class it received many compliments every time I brought it out. The screen is bright and delivers detailed images and video. By far, this is the nicest screen I've seen on any portable product - including the iPod Video. It slides open and closes smoothly, and the keypad it reveals is backlit and easy to see in the dark. As an MP3 player, it delivers crisper sound than I heard from my Nokia 6600. The Bluetooth worked flawlessly and instanly hooked up with my other phones and my laptop. The camera is as good as any other cell phone camera that promises 1.3MP. In short, what this phone promised ... it delivered.However, I was disappointed mainly because it appeared that the user interface was not as cleverly designed as the physical package. The phonebook only allows three phone entries per name. Looking up names, you can only search by typing the first letters of the last name. For example, suppose you have an entry for "John Smith" - if you use the search feature and type in "Jo" it will NOT list all the Johns. You have to search for "Sm..". Why? Sure you can sort the phone by either the first or last name, but you can only search using one or the other. Not both. My Nokia and Ericsson could do both. Another phonebook problem - suppose you've just called someone's home and now you want to call their cell. You have to start the search over. It doesn't remember your last search.Headset works fine. But if you have the headset on and the phone rings, you don't hear the ring through the earpiece. The phone rings normally and you activate the call by pressing the button on the headset. That sort of negates the purpose. You can listen to MP3s using the headset, but since the headset uses a proprietary connector, you can't use your "good" headphones. Maybe when the phone becomes more popular, adapters to standard headphones will be made.The keys under the screen aren't soft - meaning they cannot be reassigned. The left button opens the menu and the right buttom opens the phonebook. My Nokia let me reassign these keys - so, because I use SMS a lot, I could assign one key to open up the message center.Speaking of keys - the entire keypad is nearly flat. This makes it hard to "feel" for a key (while driving for example). I don't have particularly large fingers, but I found myself making a lot of mistakes.Another irritating problem - each menu option has a submenu but the submenus have no relation to one another. (This is a hard one to explain). For example, you are going through your list of audio files. You want to delete one. You click "Options" and you get a submenu of seven items. #6 is "Delete". You can scroll down, but it is faster to just type in the number 6 as a shortcut. So far so good. Now, you are going through your text messages. You want to delete one. The submenu shows the delete as #7. You want to delete a phonebook entry, the delete is #4 in the submenu. No consistency makes it very hard to use shortcuts. All my prior phones had a dedicated "Clear" button that can be used anywhere - but if the people at Samsung don't want to "waste" a button, they should've at least made the submenus more consistent.By the way, everytime you delete something it asks you if you want to delete "All or Selected" - this is an unnecessary step.You can listen to MP3s, but you can't use them as ringtones unless they are converted to 3gp. This is as easy as changing the extention from .mp3 to .3gp on your computer before uploading the song (via bluetooth or USB). Why the extra step?Battery life is terrible. As expected, using the MP3/video player causes a serious drain on your power. One thing I found weird - after listening to MP3s on the phone during a 1-hour flight, the phone became quite warm. I'm not sure if this will affect the phone's general life-span.The beautiful case looks shiny and great - but it smudges really easily. If you aren't using a headset and you have to press this phone to your ear, be prepared for major smudgeness - especially after a long phone call.Another weird thing - you can only use the supplied charger to charge this phone. Even if you have another Samsung phone, you can't use another phone's charger. All my Nokia phones used the same charger.I ended up returning the phone on the last day of my 14-day trial period. It just didn't deliver what I needed, and the annoyances were just too much for me. I am still waiting for the perfect phone - one that combines the best features of all the other phones. I want the appearance of this Samsung (I love the way it looks and feels), but I want the features in all the other phones. I also want it to use standard plugs.

Hi,I had this phone for around a year. What I hated in this phone is that the dust gets accumulated beneath the LCD screen. The dust comes in via a small hole in the rotating camera. i checked this in many forums and almost everyone owning a t809 has this problem.i had to perform a mini-surgery (take out the lcd screen with a knife, clean it and stick it back).In the process, I did the following damages...a. a small scratch in the main screen beneath it.b. There are 4 stickers to hold the outer screen. in the process of cleaning one of them was damaged.Wondering how long that will hold, meanwhile my search for next phone is on...hope this helps.Thanks,Gopi

I am just coming off a v-6oo (I also used the razr for a while) and I was looking for a new phone. I went to my friends house and he had just gotten this one. I loved the look, the feel, and the overall interface from just playing with it for a few min. After some more research I decided that this  was the phone I wanted. I have had it for about a week and i absolutly love it!!!!!Pros1. Great look and design. The slide works great and the materials are high quality and impact resistant plastics. The black is mostly a satin finish that doesn't show fingerprints.2. The display is huge and bright. It provides easy viewing even in the sun.3.The mp3 player and storage options are great. A micro sd card (512) can be had for about 40 bucks if you find a good deal.4.The sound is excellent and queing up songs as the ringtones is sweet. (The only trick is that songs that you want to use as ringtones must have the .3gp file extension if they are protected).5.The camera and video recorder work great and the lens folds over to avoid being scratched.6.I was initally worried that over time the slider may wear down or break, but just about everthing I do with the phone does not require me to open the phone. You can acess your phone book, menus, mp3s, and pictures without ever having to open the slider. The only time you need to open the phone is to text message, dial a number you don't have saved, or take a picture. Plus the keys lock quickly so you don't jump on the internet my accident.Cons1.With the v-600 I could apply different sounds to the all the ringers, voice mail, text message, and others. With this phone I can only select presets for the message and voice mail alert. (not a huge deal but I am running low on cons so I thought I soule mention it)2.I am wary of the covers for the ports as they look like in time they may break, But now that I think of it it probably would be orderable from samsung or something.3.Battery life could be better. You can blow through the battery if you are media heavy, so be careful.None of these however take away a star from the rating. Samsung has done a great job with this phone. It is by far the best phone I have ever owned. It looks great, sounds great, and gets good/better than good reception. I am very happy with the purchase and can say that there is no better phone for overall size and function.P.S. The one thing I would reccommend for every single person that gets this phone is a screen cover. There are some very good covers that you can get for around $10 that fit perfectly and take very little away from the screen. I cut up one I had for my psp until the one for the phone arrives and it works great. The reason is because the screen is a whore for fingerprints and face oil. You will be constantly wiping down your phone without a cover. Plus it does a great job of protecting against scratches. When you get a fitted one you will never know it is there.

The only phone with the following features:-1.3 Mega Pixel Camera-Mp3 Player-External Stereo Speakers-Removable Memory Micro SD-Video-BluetoothThe only other phone that compares with this on the market is the Sony Ericson w800i, but is much more expensive and I have not had good experience with Sony Ericson phones. I have used Samsung for the last two years, I love the user interface and they are very durable. I even went into a spa with one and it still worked after drying out!4 things I would like to mention:1. Not all songs on your computer can be played on the phone they have to be in mp3 format, often you can convert music files and your cd's with free software such as Freerip which will enable you to convert them to mp3 format. After this is done you can change the extensions to .3gp and play them or set them as ringtones.2. Purchase a case! Samsung sells a very nice one made for the T809. The screen on this phone will scratch.3. This phone does not feel cheap as I have heard a few complain about. It is not made with metal because metal does not absorb shock.4. Purchase Insurance for your phone through T-Mobile. In order to replace the phone without insurance is pricy (Retail $380).This is the Razr Killer!!

Samsung t809 Phone is better than sony and moto.Excellent service fast delievery.

This phone works good.Mp3 is really good. But only problems is the bluetooth.I had a sony ericson phone which the bluetooth was perfect with no static. samsung t809 is really bad in bluetooth.The looks of the phone is not that great. It does not have a voice dialling.

i bought this phone for less than 2 months then the screen stopped working-blank screen, nothing would appear, however the phone still work. Had it sent in to fix but was not cover under warranty and it would cost me about $120 to fix it. I do not recommend this product because of this and its lousy warranty. My friend who has the same cell phone is also having the same problem.

The past 5 phones I've had were all Nokia phones, so I was a bit concerned about buying a Samsung phone. Upon first use of the T809,  I was pleasantly surprised that it was very easy to use. First of all, the screen is fantastic! Even on the lowest brightness setting, it was still brighter than many of the other phones I looked at. Also, It has a wealth of features such as the built in MP3 player, and I can convert videos or movies into 3GP and put on the memory card to watch on the phone. You can also capture video from the built in camera. What I thought was a cool feature was the fact that you can set captured video as a caller ID as well as pictures. I noticed that the software on the T809 is relatively fast compared to my previous Nokia phones. The included AIM software was great to use since I didn't have to wait for it to load everytime I wanted to see the buddy list.The form of the T809 is svelte and sexy, and I have received numerous comments. The first thing people ask is... "How do I open it?" I would then point out the thumb ridge that helps open and close the slider phone in a smooth motion. "Oooh"...I've noticed that the battery drains a bit quickly, and since this is relatively a new phone, there aren't that many accessories on the market for it. Also, I've heard of a dust issue with this phone, however, I have not had any problems so far.Overall, this is a great phone with many features in a sexy, slim package.

Ive always stayed away from the flip/slider phones because Im good at breaking things...Ive had this one for almost six months and its still going strong.  The mini sd port is awesome.

This phone dropped LITERALLY every call I made.  I had to call 611 at least a dozen times during the 4 days that I owned this phone.The organizer and contact features are years behind in usability compared to SonyEricsson or Nokia.  This phone might be "pretty", and small - but for the advanced phone user - you're going to be very disappointed.I couldn't have returned the phone soon enough.

After owning and enjoying a Nokia 3650 with many of the same features, I decided it was time to retire the giant formfactor of the 3650 and step up to a sleek, sexy little thing.  I've had the T809 since the first week it was available in stores (12/05) and I can offer my impressions:- Looks awesome, turns heads, makes people want it.  In this way it's a "Razr-killer."- The screen is incredible - vivid, bright, and very high-resolution.  It's tough to see in direct sunlight - don't get this phone if you spend a lot of time outside - but for nocturnal types or barhoppers it's unbeatable.- Interfacing with your PC is really easy thanks to the software they provide.- It has a ton of features for such an easy-to-carry package.- Did I mention it's easy to carry?  And tough, too - I've dropped it on concrete about 8 times from a distance of 4-5 feet and it still works perfectly.However...- The text messaging implementation is awful.  I don't want to upset myself by going into detail - and it seems some other reviews have mentioned this in more detail - but it's terrible.  Basically, the software is incredibly poorly thought out in terms of usability.  If you enjoy text messaging, I'd advise that you run from this phone.- The camera is high-res - 1.3 megapixel - but it's super hard to get a shot that's not blurred in some way.  I wish they had put some steadicam technology into the software.- I have heard the opposite on forums, etc., but in my experience the reception this phone gets is not so hot.  That said, I've never dropped a call that started with more than zero bars (when not in a car, etc.).- The "slide" functionality seems to just emulate the "end" button when closing it during an operation - you can't, for example, do something that requires the keypad and then slide the phone closed before the operation is complete.  Sending text messages?  Gotta wait until the message is fully sent before sliding the phone closed.  It's annoying that they didn't spend more time on how this sliding feature could be more useful or convenient.- I couldn't figure out why it wouldn't play a lot of my MP3s... I think it had something to do with the encoding - bitrate, or something like that.  At this point in the lifecycle of MP3 technology, I don't want to mess with MP3s that work on my computer and iPod in order to get them on my phone... it should "just work."  Skip this phone if you want a good MP3 player.- Getting videos on this thing is almost as hard as getting them onto the PSP.  Skip this feature altogether.- There's no way to get the phone to vibrate and ring at the same time.  The only option is to have it vibrate a couple rings, then play your ringtone, which is really inconvenient - I set it down at home, walk into the other room, and once I hear it ring it's too late to get to it in time.  Worse, changing the ring type is nowhere near as easy as the one-touch profile swap on my old Nokia - you have to navigate through a ton of ridiculous menus to change the ringing options, which (for me) negates the functionality.- The volume is not loud enough at its highest setting to compensate for imperfect circumstances (friend using headset, etc.).Overall I'd say that this phone is crippled by poor execution on the user interface side - too many engineers, not enough designers.  It's too bad because fundamentally it seems pretty solid - as a phone, it works well, and it looks sexy as hell.  Despite those strengths, every time I use it for text messaging, I want to throw it against the wall.

Upon receiving this product, it worked fine for the first week and a half!!!  After that wonderful week and half... it would not turn on for longer than 15 secs before shutting off by itself.  After taking the phone into a local T-Mobile store, they too determined that there was a problem with the phone.  Samsung has this amazing policy... where if you a purchase an item and it breaks within two weeks, all you have to do is PAY to send it in for a repair!  Samsung also has the worst customer service available.  Their employees are very unenthusiastic about their work and do not try and offer reasonable solutions.  They often speak in a very condescending manner, as if you purposely destroyed your phone within the first two weeks for the hell of it.Now to the phone itself:PROS: Very nice screenNice featuresVery appealing to the eyeUser friendlyCONS:The shortest battery life I have had the pleasure of dealing with.Number pad is too small and poorly designedFlimsy covering to the various phone ports (ie. charging port, memory slot)Camera is overrated, mediocre at best

I had this phone for about a month now, and I absolutely LOVE it.

I owned Samsung T809 months ago and I was very frustrated because the bluetooth doesn't work well, sometimes it has connection (bluetooth) but most of the time it doesn't work.Yeah! it's a good looking cellphone but not a friendly user one.

First when the T809 came out for t-mobile I was impressed by it's slimness and vibrant screen. First off the battery is HORRIBLE. You have to charge it every day and if you are using a blutooth headset, you have to charge it every two hours. Now listen to this. I slid the phone up and started dialing, and the screen broke. I was extremely disappointed because for the amount of money i spent on the phone I did not expect the screen to break. I made the made the mistake of calling t-mobile which were very rude and said that since the screen cracks it is physical damage. Thank god the phone was under the manufacturer warranty samsung realized the problem with this model and I sent it in a couple days ago. I would not consider this phone to anyone all it is, is a huge headache that you have to recharge.

A NEW battery does not last even 4 hours on standby with this phone.Yes, I completely discharge my battery before recharging. Yes I charge for at least 4 hours every time.  Yes, I take good care of my phones.  My last phone lasted 6 years.2 yr contract on a phone that does not last 9 months.  And T-mobile charges me $15 shipping for a replacement phone.  A "new or like new" phone that now only comes with a 90 day warranty.  Not much of a warranty.  When this phone expires in 90 days I am sending it back along with cancelling my contract.  Afterall I can't use a services without a working phone now can I.Steer clear of this phone - it gets super hot and cooks your ear (probably is what cooks the battery.)My friends frequently complain about the sound quality even when I am in a quiet room with a good signal.  We switch over to skype every time.Steer clear of T-mobile - the service is horrific.  The people are nice on the phone but tied by a broken bureaucratic process created by a dying monolith.Yes I had to do a 1 hour phone call on someone else's phone so that they could "troubleshoot" it then they would send a replacement.ugh why can't I just use skype all the time.  Why can't free wireless be ubiquitous?learn from this early adopter... get a different phone. please - I'd probably get a crackberry at this point.  They seem to last.Hey amazon why can't I give it no stars... bad phone no gold star for you!  and no gold star for t-mobile either!

It's a grrreat phone guys!  Clear bright screen.  It's sooo easy to navigate.  Expensive material.  It's a beauty!

This phone is a real VFM. Great looks and cool features.Lots of pluses the only negative aspect being its battery life. compared to my previous nokia phones, t809 battery life is far less. However, with the wide no. of features like mp3 player  and a big color screen, you would expect that. I would give it a 4 star

I got this phone basically for free, but even taking that into account, I'm pretty disappointed with the phone. This is my first Samsung and, I'm pretty sure, my last one! I owned a Nokia before and I regret that I "betrayed" it. From now I wouldn't get anything besides Nokia and in the worst case maybe Sony-Ericsson.So here is a short list of those "little things" that make your life, with this phone (and it's combination with T-Mobile), annoying:- the keys are not comfortable to use.- it's not really comfortable to open/close the slider and to make it easier you have to put your thumb on the screen which leaves is greasy all the time.- putting a comma, while writing a text message, capitalizes the next word - what is the logic in that?! (it annoys me because i do use text messages a lot)- you can't set the camera shutter to be silent...- you can only save 1 phone type for each category - what if the person has 2 business phones...- you cannot choose the e-mail address of a person from the contact list when you want to send a picture message to an e-mail address.And there is a lot more of those little illogical things that were just not thought through, like it would've been in a Nokia (even in a model 5 years old!)Oh yeah, and T-Mobile really "contributed" to the "greatness" of this phone, removing some of the features and limiting others, like setting your mp3 as a ringtone (although, there is an easy hack around it: just change the extension from .mp3 to .3gp)

updated 1/8/2010:here I am again on the samsung t809; actually, this is one of the better samsung's I've had.  After using another popular cell brand for the last 2yrs, I pulled my t809 out of the box again, and amazingly, it was still working fine; very bright screen and ease of taking photos/using camcorder.  what I've noticed is that when you use the browser feature to surf the internet, the back of the phone starts to feel warm to the touch after about 15-20min.  could be the battery needs replacement.  I understand the t809 is not being offered by tmobile, but a similar one samsung t819 can still be bought.Please read the full review below.I've been using Samsung phones for several yrs now. I've had the t809 now for a week and am quite impressed.  Like everything else, nothing is perfect but the t809 packs a punch.Pros:light weightamazingly bright screenpowerful speakerphone (it can raise the dead!)great camera and image editor & video camgood sound frm MP3playergood sound using headset listening to mp3playergreat when using Email feature (T-zones) allows you to read more text from larger screeneasy use when phone is not open "menu" "phonebook use"Bluetooth feature (which I haven't used)great feature Voice Notes (for 50 somethings and older)Cons:when phone is closed annoying "unlock" button, you have to unlock everytime or slide it openshort battery life (but maybe I'm overcharging it at nighttime, will try the previous recommendation, not to charge it past the time icon shows charged=manual recommends 200 minutes to full charge)no travel charger to use and charge from your carno available choice of purchasing other headset for use with music featuretiny plug-in at end of charging cord  and headset, it's so small that you can easily break or damage-use caution when handling itcalendar use is not simple, you have to go to multiple steps to schedule an event & alarm reminder; on my samsung X495, scheduling is simple and user friendlysoftware samsung PC suite is not user friendlychanging mp3 to 3pg has no simple instructions anywhere, I'm not too concerned with that but will work to find a simple solutionNo voice dialingsince I've only had the phone for a week, I haven't come across dust on the screen issues, I store it in a leather case to protect the screen and from lint, dust, smudges, etcOverall, I've been impressed with this little phone and what it can do.  It is attractive and has bright beautiful skins for your MP3 player if you use it.  I did find out that the more media features you use, the quicker the battery charge will go. I'd still recommend it as an upgrade phone for anyone.  T-Mobile will give you discount if you've been a faithful customer with them.

Overall this is a very "pretty" phone; however it is missing a few key items.1. There is NO voice recognition feature!!! All of my phones for the past 6 years have had a voice dialing feature, and they were the free after rebate type models. I just assumed that a top-of-the-line phone would have this obvious convenience.2. Try sliding the phone open when its cold out or your hands are dry. The back of this phone is very slippery and the front only has a small ridge to catch your finger on. If the back were rubberized it would be much easier.3. They number keys are very small. If it slid open a few more millimeters, the keypad would be much more useable. I knew the keypad was small before I bought the phone but I thought I'd be using the voice dial feature (which doesn't exist on this phone).Other than that, the voice quality with and without the speakerphone is excellent, reception is very good, the screen is beautiful, the battery life is decent, the MP3 player is acceptable, and the camera is not that great. To use Samsung's PC Studio software to connect it to your computer you'll have to change the "USB setting" to "modem," otherwise it just shows up as a USB drive. Took me a while to figure out that one.

I'm pretty critical about phones so here are the cons first:1. Low battery life even when you turn display levels down2. Earphone is off center and does make it difficult to hold in left hand.3. No FM radio4. Flimsy cover for media slot and USB.5. Not compatible with any previous Samsung plugs of any kind.6. Does not Vibrate and Ring at the same time.  This is the biggest downside of this phone.7. Does feel a bit flimsy.  Don't drop this phone.8. Bluetooth was better on my sony.9. You need some computer skils to get the mp3 ringtones10. Not the best reception.Other than that, this phone is well worth it.  The display even on the lowest setting is still extremely bright.  The display is huge and beautiful.  The camera works pretty darn great.  The slide function is good and doesn't open accidentally in the pocket.  The expansion slot for mp3's is great, they have 1gb miniSD cards for about 50 bucks.  Volume is great.  I put a screen protector on it right after i bought it.  Great speakerphone, my friends had no problems hearing me on the other end. Really, its everything that the razr should have been.  Its cool cool cool.  Does everything a phone should plus....1.3meg camera, speakerphone, mp3 player with expansion slot plus the memory already on the phone, games are good (but i don't play games on my phone), comes with great sounding headphones, voice notes with only one button turn on (the sony, you had to go through a whole menu and seriously, you'll forget by the time you navigate that).  I use this as my alarm since I can wake up to my favorite song.

Has to be the worst phone I have ever had to pay for.  Between the missing features (no voice dial on a $200 phone?!) crippled features (I have to buy ringtones, use their t-zone for the WAP when I have the unlimited internet service already?) and poor reception and terrible battery life it has almost made me want to pay the early cancellation fee and find another carrier.  Anyone who would charge some much for this POS really doesn't deserve my business.

Does anyone know how to change mp3s to 3gps?  I just purchased the phone but when I try to change the extension to 3gp on my PC it isn't an option.  Do I need to convert the file?  If anyone has any tips please email me.  gr8grl8515@yahoo.com THANKS!!!

Read many reviewers have plenty of music or functions. My focus on this phone is to carry movie on the go from my movie libries. Got this phone last month last than a month. Tried so many program to convert mpg file to either mp4 or 3gp. after 2 weeks day and night test and error. wala, I finailly find the answer. A free tiny program from Japan is the best and the only program can convert movie to watch on the phone. It's called 3GP_Converter034. it convert average 1.4gb mpg file to only 150mb 3gp or 350mb mp4. all available to watch on phone. Now I am very happy about that. Bought 1GB memory card and watch movie while I am on the train commute. Screen is great to watch, from the point of my view. I feel its quality is better than ipod video. The reason give it only 4 stars, yeah mp3 player si no good at all. One trick I got. Convert mp3 to mp4 file. size is lots of smaller and quality is great too.

I'm reading all this the bad reviews I'm thinking to myself I must've gotten the good phone. I have no problem with my T 809. battery life is long for normal use if I charge it Monday I don't have to charge it again till Friday, blue tooth works fine even in distance, MP3 works great , the navigation is as easy as can be well at least to me . I have no problem using the key pads . And best of all this phone have the best reception than my last phone which is a RAZR V3 I use it in my elevator at work reception still strong.  The only missing feature on this phone is voice dialer other than that this phone is Perfect!!!!This is just a great phone I love this phone and since I am a nice guy I will tell you a secret for you T809 owners to teach you how to convert your MP3 file to a ringer without converting to 3gp file since everyone clueless and complain a lot about it. All I ask in return is vote for my review so everyone can have the fun too.Here's how I got my MP3 as a ringtone:-Open Samsung PC Studio.-Click on Manage Files.-On the bottom pane, navigate to your MP3 file.-Drag it onto the the Music directory on your phone.-On your phone, select Menu/Settings/Sound Settings/Incoming Call.-Scroll down to Ring Tone.-Press the middle navigation button thingie.-Navigate to the MP3 file you uploaded. It should be grayed out.-Press Back, then immediately press Save. This tricks the phone into accepting the MP3 as a ring tone. You may have to try this a few times before it takes.Thank me later enjoy your MP3 as a ringtone on your cool samsung T809You Go Dave!!!

The phone is great. You can check all the specs online and in other posts. You'll see that they're awesome.From my experience...Pros:- lots of features- Slick phone... I do care about how my gadgets look like.- camera resolution is pretty good.Cons:- hard to find a good case. I'm still looking for a good one. The one I got, my phone will slip out of it once in a while.- If you have a BMW and want to bluetooth with it, fugget'boutit.... Althought it's not really the phone's fault, but BMW's (as I've read on other msg boards), it was quite frustrating for me when I tried to hook up my new phone to my new BMW...

Hi. I purchased the phone abt 3-4 weeks ago. I was a previous customer of US Cellular. Their service in our area sucks. I dont know if its good elsewhere. But switching to T-mobile was a whole different experience. A good experience of course. Their reception on my phone at my place is very good. The best part is for $10, this phone is a steal.May be some of u have complaints abt T-mobile may be b/c the reception might be poor in ur area. But my advice to people who r comparing wireless services, first thing i would say is find out which provider is good overall, u know by value, reception, customer service and stuff like that, by reading reviews and doing some research on some websites that offer wireless services like amazon.com, wirefly.com and letstalk.com. Then second thing to do is to check how good is the reception in the area that u live. Ask some people abt the reception of the service provider u like and choose accordingly. The next place to check for reception would be the places that u visit the most like work, school, college etc. The third thing to do is check the reputation of the service provider that passed the first two test and usually it will be good. A good place would be JD Powers & Associates. According to which T-mobile is one of the best companies. The next thing would be selection of phones and other options such as wireless internet features, which might not be a big deal for a few. But for phones, u always have an option to buy it unlocked online. Of course if u have the money and r willing to spend it. Otherwise usually service providers have pretty good selection of phones, plus u get a discount if u r a new customer. And there r always new ones coming out. The next thing to do is "GO FOR IT". Although u might have to give up a thing or two which shouldnt matter much. One most important thing is u have to have good credit in order to buy service or u will have to make a deposit. I myself have lived here in US for abt a couple years, so i dont have enough credit. But what u can do is buy it under someone else's name who has good credit. And DONT FORGET TO PAY BILLS ON TIME, or else u might end up messing that following persons credit. That's all i can think of right now abt choosing service providers.One more thing i would like to say is, Dont believe in every review u read. Some people have lower experience and understanding than others. Some may be lying or joking just for fun or benefit. RESEARCH on everything u buy. Read reviews, comparisons and toppers lists. Use the resources u have to the full. A few good places to look for would be amazon.com reviews, cnet.com, newegg.com reviews, for pc related stuff, anandtech.com, tomshardware.com, xbitlabs.com, theinquirer.net. Do a search or two on yahoo or google, and search for reviews abt the specific product or its category on blogs or FORUMS.Now going back to the phone. I absolutely love it. From color to style to finish, everything is great. Some of u may opt for razrs but everybody has a razr and its inferior to samsung, in a few areas which i will explain later. Go for something new, better and different than what others have.Here r my pros and cons for the phone.Pros:1. The ability to get or catch reception is good. Now i cant say that without comparing to something else. But i did compare it with razr which one of my friends own and its the same. And i havent come across a complaint for razr reception from him or anyone else, so they r both good in that area.2. The phone has plenty of storage. It comes with i believe 64-70 Mb of memory which is a lot for pictures, games and ringtones. Compare that to 5 Mb for so far released models of razr.3. The phone has 1.3 MP camera which takes great pictures and short video clips. Comparing the picture quality of samsung and motorola razr, the samsung is by far the best. There was a picture that my friend send via bluetooth which he took on his phone and he saw it on my phine and he was absolutely amazed by the picture quality of my samsung. I remember his exact words were, "Damn, your phone is bad*?s". And 1.3 MP is standard on phones. If u want more, buy a camera or wait for some time for phones with better cameras.4. Abt Mp3 ringtones and mp3 player on phone. The phone has a good mp3 player with equalizer and visualizations. The sound quality is not as good as ipod or zen, but its decent for a phone. The stereo speakers are not bad but again not great either. A lot of people have been struggling to set mp3s as ringtones. I will write detailed explaination on how to set mp3s as ringtones at the end.5. The phone has a micro SD slot which can store and additional up to 1 Gb of data. The phone initially comes with 32Mb one, but for me that wasnt enough, so i bought one with 512 Mb from amazon.com. Make sure if u buy one, get the right one. The card also comes with an adapter which allows it to be used on memory card readers for pcs.6. The interface and menu is good too. The navigation as it turns out is an issue for some, even for me it was. But after like a week or two i got used to it and now i think thats not an issue anymore. Although i dont have big fingers, thumbs or long nails, so i cant really say abt anyone else's perspective. But if u try u will probably get used to it.7. The software that comes with it is very good too. Now again it also depends on the users level of experience and understanding. I could sit and complain all day if I dont really know how to use it. I havent used all the features of it yet but transferring, viewing, managing data, synchronizing they r all great. Make sure to set the USB Setting on the settings menu on the phone to MODEM mode. The phone even charges itself via USB. I dont know if its as good as the wall charger. It also allows u to edit mp3s. Manage phone book and sync data.8. It also comes with additional features such as world time and unit conversion. The unit conversion can be useful for people like me who go to college. But its not easy to access. U have to go to the menu then to apps, then to organizer. So i prefer manual calculations.There might be few other pros too but for now thats all i can think of.Cons:1. The battery life which specifications say 4.3 hours of talk time is pretty good but in reality its almost always less than that, not only for phones but for many other electronic devices. Comparing that to razr, its less than that of razr which boasts 6.67 hrs on current models. But for me i dont chat all day on the phone "like girls", no offense but u know its true, so its not really a con for me but i might be for most of u reading this.2. While charging the phone while its on, it does charge but theres no indicator if the phone has finished charging or not. But when u turn it off and then charge, it does indicate if its done charging. By the way it has cool animation for "charging" and "charge complete" when its off. Now again this is not a con for me b/c i usually charge for required time, mostly at nights so by the time i wake up its done charging. Also most people do that so no "charge complete" indication when the phone is ON should not be an issue for most of u.Thats all the cons i can think of. Although i havent gotten a chance to use all the feature so there might be more pros or cons. And also some of my pros could be cons for a few, but its just an opinion.And for the people complaining abt soft keys, large size, dust under screen, hard to open and bluetooth, i would say for soft keys, u cant always have things the way u like it. Give it some time, u should get used to it. May be some phone offer features to change the keys but i found it standard and convinient. Abt large size, the phone is lighter and as big as razr when closed. But still, if u want it smaller, the small keys if there were any on a smaller phone would be a con for a few. For dust under screen, it hasnt happened to me yet. Although i have an invisible shield but i dont know if that will help or not. I got it b/c with screen being exposed on the outside i thought it might be vulnerable to scratches when in my pocket with keys and stuff. Which didnt happen either before i bought it. For hard to open, i think it might be tough in the beginning, for people used to flip phones to get used to it. But again give it some time. For bluetooth, it works fine for me, but i only used it for phone to phone transfers and stuff. I dont know how it would work for bluetooth earpiece. There was also a complain abt phone getting warm after some time use. Yes its true. But hey most electronics do, including ipods. Looking at the bright side, it would help keep the hands warm in winter (esp. in Chicago, where i live).Now for the fun part.ABT USING MP3s AS RINGTONES1. Select a mp3 u want to use as ringtone.2. Make sure the phone is connected and if its not detected set it on "MODEM" under USB setting on the phone.3. To set the format as ".3gp" perform the following steps:Go to "CONTROL PANEL" under "START" menu on windows based pcs. On "CONTROL PANEL" open "FOLDER OPTIONS". In the new window that opens up, there are 4 tabs to the top left of the window. Amongst the tabs click on "VIEW". Now in view u should see a bunch of check boxes and selections. Uncheck the 8th "CHECK BOX" which says "Hide Extensions for known file types". So it should look like an empty box.Now go to the folder where u have the mp3 file. U should see the name and extension of the file as for example "Check on it.mp3". Right click on the mp3 song and click on rename. Change the last part from ".mp3" to ".3gp". Then click anywhere outside on the folder or desktop. So now after changing extension the example file should look like "Check on it.3gp".Now u r done changing the extension but thats not it. The transfering part comes now.Now the ".3gp" extension will not allow the transfer to the "MUSIC" or "SOUNDS" folder so perform the next few steps:4. Assuming the phone is connected to the pc and the phone has any micro SD card inside. Go to the phone and change the "USB SETTINGS" under "PHONE OPTIONS" under "SETTINGS" under "MENU" to "MASS STORAGE". I should have gone in the other order.This allows the phone to be used as an external storage device. Now go to "My Computer", whose shortcut should be on the desktop on the pc. There u should see an additional drive which says "REMOVABLE DISK :?". The "?" is the drive letter. If u have more than one it should be the last one or click on all untill u see 5 folders with names "IMAGES", "MUSIC", "OTHER FILES", "SOUNDS" and "VIDEOS".5. Now copy the ".3gp" file from ur folder to the "REMOVABLE DISK" in the "OTHER FILES" folder.6. Now after done copying the file, change the "USB SETTING" on the phone back to "MODEM".7. Go to the phone, go to "FUN & APPS" under the "MENU". Then go to "FILE MANAGER", then to "MEMORY CARD, then navigate down to "OTHER FILES" folder and click on the file. U should see your ".3gp" file there. Select the file, click on "OPTIONS", and then "SET AS--> RINGTONE". AND U R DONE.8. If it bothers u abt the extension on every file, check the "Hide extensions for known filetypes" in folder options in control panel. Then click apply and ok.9. Repeat for every transfer. U can transfer more than one at a time.THE PHONE ONLY PLAYS THE INITIAL 30 SECS OF THE SONG AND THEN IT LOOPS, SO U SHOULD EITHER LIKE THE BEGINNING OF THE SONG OR U SHOULD KNOW HOW TO EDIT IT VIA THE SOFTWARE SUPPLIED OR ANY OTHER LIKE "NERO WAVE EDITOR", "SONY ACID PRO", OR ANY SUCH SOFTWARE. EDITING IS NOT TOUGH AT ALL JUST EXPERIMENT AND GIVE IT A TRY. U WILL LEARN IN NO TIME.For all the people who made it till this point from the beginning, i hope this helps. I didnt go much in detail. I just wrote some general stuff, what an average user might expect.The phone and the service have been great so far.

I bought this phone almost about 1 or 2 weeks after it came out from a T-mobile dealer. I was originally intended to buy Samsung D600 phone, if it comes out to the United States through a T-mobile carrier, and I even sent out a letter to the T-mobile customer service to ask whether there is any possibility that D600 would be available to purchase. It is funny, because I then found that the Samsung T809 came out right after...My previous two phones were all from Samsung, and one of them was D415, another slider phone appeared to be out of production at the moment. One similarity is that both of these phones can take some hard damages without completely breaking apart. I am rather clumsy, so I happened to drop these phones quite often, but they only ended up having some scratches. Contrast to the my experience with the D415, however, this phone is really light.The one of best things about Samsung T809 is its multimedia capability. Ranging from the 1.3 mega-pixel cameras, to the mp3 players, and to the camcorder, I have no doubt that this will remembered as one of best multimedia able cell phone for a while. And like few people mentioned here, you can use any mp3 songs as ringtones once you change the extensions to .3gp from .mp3. The sound quality is fairly descent, though you might have little bit complaint with its default headset. However, the headset design is pretty fair looking and well built in terms of its endurance to the damage. Furthermore, it is always possible to purchase the headset from a place like Ebay at the price of about $10 U.S. if you get it lost or broken.The megapixel camera is pretty fair. In fact, when it comes to the features, this is one of strongest because of the range of options such as night vision, ISO control, frames, etc. I, however, think it would be better if Samsung could include a flash for the phone because the camera is virtually useless when you go to a dark place like karaoke or club. Secondly, it is not possible to take the picture without sliding the phone up, but that is not really a major concern. The good things is, though, it is possible to take the picture without making too much shutter noise by lowering the volume down.The camcorder is also at the descent level because its ability to support up to the 352x 288 resolution. And it is always possible to convert it to a desirable format with a proper software after you exported it to your computer.I really had no problem with the navigational display because you will get used to it after a while. However, I sometimes found it hard to press the navigational buttons (below the screen) when I tried to play the games or play the musics because the surfaces are rather smooth and tiny. Nevertheless, they are of minor problems, and you will be more often delighted by the high resolutions and brigthness of the display itself.Like many people mentioned in the previous reviews, the battery life is in fact terrible. But since you have two options to charge your cell phone, either through USB or through power cord, this problem is not that big problem either unless you simply have to turn on your phone for 4 hours or more to listen to the music. I really do not recommend you to use this phone for your primary MP3 player, however. Despite of its memory expandability by addition of SD memory card, you can shorten the battery life considerably due to the overheat when you use the mp3 player for a too long time.The one more important thing... The games. The original games included here are listed as follows:1. Full Version Games: Forgotten Warrior, Freekick, ArchAngel2. Demo Version: Tetris, Block Breaker DeluxeWhen you play these games, you have to simply admit that this is one of best phones out there for it. Of course, I am not including some of game-only phones like N-Gage. Even though, these games are truly played in a higher resolution qualities and very addictive. And when you get done with these games, it is always possible to download games like War of Worlds, Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, etc. I downloaded a game called "Tamagotchi," and I have no problem enjoying it.You can also browse the web and visit the place like Google if you subscribe to the webservice for a monthly price of 5.99. But I think this is rather expensive, and I am thinking about canceling it. However, you might be interested in subscribing it if you want to experience the full extension of this phone's capability.Lastly, the warranty service at the T-mobile is pretty fair. There was actually a damage done to the phone, and the phone would not be turned on if the headset is connected. And it was not possible to connect the battery charger. Later, after explaining the problem in a detail, the T-mobile ended up sending a new replacement for my old broken cell phone. So, hooray for the T-mobile customer service.

i can put mp3s as ringtones, take pictures, do video, play movies, share movies with other phones, send videos, use animated pictures for my background. omgahh! this is the must have phone. i use to own a sidekick til it broke. then i got this phone. at first i didnt really like it. but then i found out the hidden secrets the phone has to offer. the battery life for this phone is good. i believe it is truely easy to use. the bluetooth is very good. the phone offer so much its like a grand prize. a must have for the tech guy/girl

irecommend this phone to anybody who likes high teck things. this phone is great here are the pros: 1. nice cam and video recorder2.good look3. nice mp3 but needs better options4. good menus very easy to use sometimes.5. always good reception.6. almost everythings is great........Cons: 1.hard to open.2. gets dust on lcd3. not good bluetooth options.4.kinda big.5.Thats all!!!

I bought this phone about a month ago after getting sick of my old Sony PDA phone.This phone's battery sucks. It doesnt even last 5 hrs. When I called their customer support they told me to send the battery for them to test it. Since this is the only phone I have, I didnt want to send the battery. And the supervisor told me to use the public phones. He was very arrogant and mean over the phone.I will never buy Samsung again.

I purchased a brand new Samsung t809, and right out of the box the battery cover would not stay on the phone.  I went to a genuine T-Mobile retailer and after working on the phone for a good half-an-hour, they were still unable to get the battery cover to fit.  The sales rep had a t809 himself and was easily able to get his personal battery cover to fit.  Clearly, a manufactuering defect by Samsung.  I contacted Samsung for a replacement... after six weeks of hassling them over the issue, the end result was that "the t809 battery cover is not included in the warranty."  What?!  End result, I get to duct tape my battery in place.  Thanks.  If you're going to spend serious money on a high end phone... go with a brand name that actually stands behind their product.  Clearly not Samsung!

I got the phone for Make 25$ & its worth buying. Though there are few cons about this phone, it is worth buying. I would definitely suggest it to others for the price it is offered for. Great Deal.Pros:Like everyone mentioned...Cons:Battery Life is not that goodNetwork Signal reception is not that goodBut, overall its worth buying...

I actually ordered the Razr to replace my T315 thinking it was the coolest thing out there.  Got the RAZR and was disappointed at how clunky the thing was.  Looking around on the website, this phone caught my eye after buying the T365 for my kid.All I can say is WOW!!!  I agree that most of the complaints are simply because you don't understand the phone.  Not only can I load ANY music to it, I use my recorded voice clips and .mp3 as ring tones.It is a head tuner lots of folks wonder if its a MP3 player or a phone and the big screen is great.  It slides easily and love the fact that you can use it slider up or down.OT. my son's t365 is the first camera phone I've seen with an actual flash feature so they could have added that little extra to this one.

I've had many phones (over 20) and this is by far the best..It is alot thinner than most phones and is great to put in your pocket. It has a nice screen and is large. I can send pictures and mp3 files from my apple powerbook to my phone via bluetooth and it also connects great with windows xp computers..Comes with a tflash card or whatever for extra memory.. the mp3s play great and has good sound and volume for a phone. The camera is very clear but doesnt have flash. Phone gets better reception than my v180(tmobile) when right next to it. Very easy to use not complicated at all.

July 2007:Great form factor, mediocre features, weak Mac supportForm:As an exclusive candybar user (Nokia & Sony-Ericsson, both high end and mid range) I was trepidatious of using a slider. In lieu of a decent, nonflip, bluetooth/camera phone w/ Tmobile I went with this phone. Friends and strangers alike say: ooh how pretty. I say ...Pros:1. 1.3 Mp camera2. Bluetooth3. most vivid clear screen I've seen on a cell4. good form factor5. opens & closes very well well (1st edition I had was a little clunky, had a Samsung China sticker on the inside, 2nd edition I had (replaced due to bad mic) doesn't have a manufacturer's tag)6. far better reception inside buildings than my previous SE T610 (w/ Tmo)7. camera has great & funny options such as cartoon bubbles and image overlays which all my friends think are hilarious thereby enhancing the blackmail potential or storytelling function of my phone's camera - good times! This little feature is silly, but makes me smile so much; if all features of the phone made me smile like this, I would have kept this phone.Cons:1. lack of customizability- no "favorites/shortcuts"- soft keys cannot be changed- cannot use .3gp files or .mp3 files as ring tones (on 1st handset (which I had for 3 weeks but which Tmo replaced due to a microphone problem) I could, on 2nd handset, this functionality was gone! I understand Tmo locks this functionality so you have to buy ringtones from them, whatevs Tmo!)2. lack of functionality- menu inaccessable during calls (cannot text or surf during calls)- no airplane mode- no notes function- poor Mac supprt- - does not work with Mac iSync (although, you can send numbers to phone from Mac Address Book (Menu: Card > Send card) via Bluetooth, which is at least some convenience, but not the convenience of iSync)- - my Mac OS 10.2.8 and OS 10.4.6 computers are unable to use dial up networking via Bluetooth or USB cable (despite the EDGE functionality and the claims of the sweet T-mobile techies who I don't believe)- - Bluetooth (via my Mac) only browses the memory card as far as I can tell, eg, sees pics only in the memory card3. GUI isn't well thought out - menu navigation difficult, sending text message requires a number of button pushes once the text is done (sending a text to multiple people is a major chore), finding files is not intuitive, submenus with similar functions are dissimilar between different apps (compare to the "File" menu on all Windows programs, it's the same because it makes thins easier, Samsung hasn't figured this little design STANDARD out)4. 1.3 Mp camera makes 17-40 kb sized pics ... WTF?!?5. problem with microSD card staying firmly inserted, aftermarket purchased card (necessary for music or multiple pics) pops outI will not buy a Samsung phone again. My phone MUST sync immediately and completely with whatever computer I have whether Mac, Windows, or Linux; currently the one I have is a Mac. Hello: Mac, Samsung, communitcate!! My previous phone, the SE T610, synched its contact list flawlessly to my Mac. The Samsung t809 database file type is currently incompatible with iSync. Don't believe claims on this or other websites saying the t809 sync's with Macs.Every single Samsung product (phones, home entertainment, etc) I have bought in the past 3 years has looked pretty and been supposedly loaded with features. However, each was loaded with glitches. No more Samsung for me!Wish I had gotten a RAZR (free or nearly so with Tmo), held out for a Motorola Capri, or splurged and gotten a fabulous unlocked Nokia (every one I've had has been outstanding).UPDATE as of November 2006:The phone is not as sturdy as I had assumed. After having placed the intact phone in my cargo pants pocket, squatting down while painting and standing back up, the phone stopped playing the mp3 I was blaring with the nice loud speaker. I took the phone out of the pocket and HORRORS! the inside/backside screen was cracked (the one inside the casing I guess) which voided the warranty since the Tmo warranty doesn't apply to cracked screens. Tmo sent me a replacement, but I sent it back because they were going to charge another $150 for this irritation phone.

I have had this phone for over a year now and I still love it.  I did a lot of research on phones before I bought it.  I don't have a home phone so the t809 serves as my one and only and I couldn't be happier with it.  Every phone has its give and takes, but for the $150 I paid for it I think it is awesome.  I bought it because I get so annoyed by my ring tones that I have to change them all the time and I don't want to pay to download them.  This phone hooks right up to my computer with USB so I can use my own MP3's as rings.  The screen quality is amazing.  I put my own photographs as my background and the look gorgeous! I put a music video on my phone and showed it to someone with a Razr and they were impressed by the picture quality. It seems like T-mobile might not be selling this phone anymore and I can't understand why.  They are selling the Samsung t629 myFaves phone which my boyfriend bought because he liked my phone so much.  I am much less impressed with the t629.  Its screen is not anywhere as nice as the t809 and the t629 doesn't hook up to the computer. The t629 also seems flimsy which is why I have never wanted a Razr. I was not interested in this phone for taking photos.  I could care less if my phone takes photos, but I think the t809 takes decent ones.  It lets you zoom in and out and the lens flips around.  You can also edit the photos on the phone adding special effects and upping the contrast.  I used it to take photos at a concert and they came out pretty cool.There are a few things that Samsung could work on to make this phone perfect.  Number one is sound quality.  I have a hard time hearing people on the phone sometimes because the ear speaker is located to one side of the top and unless your ear is right on it it's difficult to hear.  I usually talk to everyone on speaker phone.  The speaker phone is great and I don't think the people I am talking to can hear any difference in my voice so it must not have that annoying speaker phone sound that I hear with other phones.  The other sound issue is the MP3s.  They are not MP3 quality sound so this phone does not replace your MP3 player.  I think the sound is decent, but it could be improved.  Lastly the battery life isn't great.  My phone is often on its last leg, but I got a free car charger with it and when I remember to plug it in before bed it will last me a few days without needing to be recharged.  Those are the only things I can see needing improvement and they don't bother me all that much.If MP3 quality sound and long battery life are important to you I would not recommend this phone. If you want a phone that you can fully customize with your own photos and mp3s that doesn't cost and arm and a leg than this is the phone for you.  I am so happy I got it and I haven't seen any phones come out in the last year that I think would be as perfect for me as this one is.

as shown in title, this phone is best of all cell phones!!!

Had the phone for about a week now, was free after rebates.I just need to get it clear that this phone DOES work with Mac OS X. I can browse my phone and push files using bluetooth with absolutely no problems. As far as what's on the CD who knows, I just need to push images and music to the memory card and my Intel iMac does it. So the other reviewers claims are completely false and they have no idea how to use their computer.Also another reviewer stated you cannot search the address book by first name and multiple letters. Again false. You can sort your phone book my first or last name and keep punching in letters to narrow your selection down. You can also have upto 4 numbers + a fax number.People need to learn how to use their gear before they post a review.Why I bought this phone:1. Screen...WOW, VGA graphics. Make my wife's Razr look like an Atari.2. Bluetooth3. Slider4. MP3 player and ringtones(naming the file to .3gp)5. Design; Slim, Small, Black, Dead Sexy. A very Matrix-like handset by Samsung6. User InterfaceA few things that bother me. Battery life is awful. As I write this review the phone is flashing low-batt...argh. A full charge lasts one day with using bluetooth and almost 2 days without. That's with moderate use too. Also where the heck is the CAR CHARGER?? I notice the phone does get warm, so I wouldn't suggest getting a non-oem battery just in case anything happens, you don't void the warranty. There are screen protectors available on the web, even a full phone skin too. I also don't like the fact that it doesn't have a standard headset jack to plug into for MP3 listening. Last thing, the phone is made to be used in the right had, not the left because of the offset speaker due to where the camera is located. Kinda annoying.This is T-mobile's top of the line phone and it shows. I get a lot of compliments on it. I haven't connected it to my laptop as a modem yet to use the data features. There isn't a perfect phone out there for everyone, but this one is very close, nice job Samsung.

Before I bought this phone I read lots of reviews.  A lot of the problems people mention have not been an issue to me.1) Dust in the screen has not happened as of yet, but my phone is in a case most of the time when not in use.2) Someone complained about having to go through a lot of steps to put the phone in silent mode.  All you have to do is press and hold down the "#" key and your phone is in silent mode, and you do the same to turn silent mode off.3) Not being able to set mp3's as ringtones... all you have to do is change the file extension on your computer to .3gp instead of .mp3.  Go to CNET.com's forums for more info on that.Overall it is a great phone.  I have GREAT reception.  Usually when talking to my couin on the way home from work, my phone would cut off when I went through the tunnel.  But now that I have Tmobile instead of Sprint, and THIS phone, I can talk to her the whole way through without any problem.  And I could hear her well the whole time, just as she could hear me well.

hey...i have owned this phone for about a month...i am preety happy with this phone..there is one thing that i cant do..that is to set my mp3s as ringtone..if you do know how to set that..then let me know..my email is desithug511@yahoo.com..thank you-sagar

I hated t-mobile's motorolla phones since the V600.  I needed a bluetooth, t-mobile supported phone, and dreaded the software issues related to the 600, Razr, and pebl.  The Samsung is very reliable and unstopable.  Thank you Samsung!

Just wanted to let everyone know that I just purchased the sandisk 1gb micro sd card off of ebay and I know alot of people wanted to know if it was compatible with the samsung t809. The answer is Yes! it does work with the samsung t809 I have thrown a bunch of tests at it such as transfering videos and music with absolutly no problems. The sandisk 1gb micro sd card is very rare and will not be available for a couple months thru retailers "I heard directly from sandisk themselves". I recommend if you want this card you get it from ebay there is many available now, well later all.

I got this phone over the Razor because everyone has a Razor. I've had this phone for a month and I am  very pleased with the phone. I love the sliding feature. You slide your phone down and it ends the call. I love the swivel camera and the fact that it's very simple to take the pictures that I took out. The pictures are very good quality for a camera. The screen is  clear and I've never had so many compliments from people about a phone before. The battery life is not great but if you get a car charger it's not so bad. I actually scratched the screen when I put it next to something with sharp metal wires but it didn't scratch when I dropped it twice. Once on concrete the next time on gravel. The phone does get greasy looking from talking but I noticed that my bf's Razor and other phones do the same thing now. Overall I love my phone and would recommend it.

Pros:As stated in some other reviews, the screen is absolutely gorgeousFunctionality and layout of menus is highly intuitive, unlike most motorolas I've ownedCons:The only negative I've discovered so far is the lack of an indicator light.  Other samsung phones have an indicator light that flashes rapidly when you have a text or VM message that you missed.  So you have to constantly slide the phone open or press a button to check if you've missed a call or text.  They could have at least left the top portion of the screen visible while the phone was closed.

You can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is.  But, if you want a bluetooth headset to go along with it, get the Plantronics Voyager 510. I've tried the Motorola HS850 and H500 & a Logitech BT headset and all of them had significant static.  I've searched google and found other people have the same problem with this phone and multiple other types of headsets.  Go with the Plantronics Voyager 510.  It has very very little static and I can leave the phone in one room and walk to another with only a slight (almost negligable) increase in static.  The only problem is that the "answer" button on headset will answer the phone but I won't automatically connect to the headset.  I must first answer the phone by pushing the green button on the phone and then press the "answer" button on the headset. . .afterwards, connection is seamless.  A minor inconvenience for the luxury of wireless BT that is virtually static-free.  Don't take my word for it. Buy a Voyager 510 from a local store where you can easily return it if you're not happy.MP3 RINGTONES!!!!this phone is great for making MP3 ringtones.  HOWEVER, you most change the file extension from ".mp3" to ".3gp". Transfering ".3gp" files to your phone is a sinch with the free USB cable and PC software.  And, if you want to edit your mp3 so that you play only the chorus of the song as the ringtone, Samsung gives you software for that too!!!! It's all included in the PC Studio Software that comes with the phone.  DON'T FORGET TO CHANGE THE EXTENSION TO ".3GP" .  The phone will allow you to play any mp3 songs (like an IPOD) but it won't allow you to make MP3 songs as ringtones unless you pay for it by downloading from some website like T-mobile. . . OR, by the method mentioned above.  Changing the extension to 3gp is also easy if you have a program that will show you the FULL NAME of a music file (i.e. check_up_on_it.mp3), like Nero Burning ROM.

I was hesitant to get this phone, as I have had only Nokia's and Motorola's in the past. This phone, however, is great! Speaker volume is great, pictures are great, Mp3 feature is great. Most everything is, you know. .. great!  I do have a problem hearing my alarm tone if it is in my purse, and I haven't yet figured out how to turn it on silent mode, but I love this phone.  I usually am a bit apprehensive the first few days I have a phone, wondering if it is the right one for me. But I have enjoyed this since day one! I didn't want to get a RAZR because everyone has one and I dont really like the way the buttons are so flat. So if you are looking to get the next big thing, I believe this phone will be it. Buy it buy it buy it.

Samsung got this phone right. I have had this phone for about 2 weeks and I can't put this down. By far the best phone I have owned. It is very light weight and packed with features. Voice quality when using bluetooth and speakerphone is excellent. Sound volume while not using bluetooth/speakerphone is sufficient but not very high. Nothing to take away a star though. The most distingishing thing about the phone is a crisp 240x320 screen and awesome multi-media features. Add the removable trans flash memory to this and you have expansion!Pros:* Looks great. It's a black beauty.* Large 240x320 screen. Want to watch videos in fullscreen? Just press 1 while playing a video to go in full landscape mode at 320x240.* Camcorder quality is great outdoors and even indoors with sufficient light. 1 minute of good quality video (320x240 resolution) translates to about 3MB per minute with sound. Duration is only limited by memory so with 512MB trans flash you can get over two hours of decent video.* Video player: This is super. Just watch the sample "Ai No Corrida" song that came with the phone and you will agree. I could easily convert other video formats to 3GP using Xilisoft 3GP Converter. Just play with the bitrate and sound settings and you can get a full movie in good resolution with stereo sound on a 512MB trans flash card.* MP3 player: Sounds great. Phone comes with stereo speakers that are loud enough. Supplied headphones make it sound much better. Just drag and drop songs to your trans flash with the supplied USB cable and arrange into playlists.* 1.3 Megapixel camera. I could take good quality 1280x1024 images outdoors. Indoor images are okay under good light. Photo feature comes with several frames for various occasions.* Removable trans flash (MicroSD) memory. I bought 512MB for $35 shipped and it's definitely worth it. You don't need a separate flash thumb drive if you can carry the USB cable around.Cons:* No voice activated dialing.* You have to take extra care of screen. It easily gets exposed to dirt and oils so you had better purchase a leather case or screen. I bought the Samsung t809 case so I can receive and make calls and even charge the phone without taking it off the case.NOTE: This phone is not for someone who drops it frequently.Now some TIPS on using the phone:* Put the phone in silent mode by pressing and holding #.* Watch video in full screen landscape mode by pressing 1. The toggle feature is cool.* Use USB setting of "Mass Storage" to drag and drop files on to phone. This option is much faster since it uses full USB capability. Change USB setting to "Modem" to use Samsung PC suite. Don't use this option to copy large files on to the phone. Use Mass Storage instead.* You can easily set MP3 ringtones by changing the extension of the file to .3GP and then copying to the phone.Find some tips for t809 power users at [...]

Having read the other reviews, I notice two points that should be addressed and corrected.1. The video camera feature of the t809 is outstanding- it is the main reason I went with this model. To begin, it has the highest video resolution available right now on a cell phone (352 x 288)- in fact it has nearly DOUBLE the resolution of Microsoft's SDA handset! In addition, videos are saved in Quicktime's mp4 format, which my experience has shown to be far superior to Windows' wma. With regard to the amount of video you can record, an earlier review suggested that only a few seconds of video could be saved. This is completely incorrect. The phone's built in 70MB memory can store approximately 30 MINUTES of continuous video, at the highest resolution. When you factor in the optional 512 MB transFlash expansion card, you are talking about a couple of HOURS worth of video. If that's not enough storage, then you should probably invest in an actual video camera... As far as the quality of the movies, the images are quite crisp and clear, and the sound is unusually rich, with nice bass tones and distinct highs. All in all, the t809 serves as a perfect solution for, say, recording your favorite band live in bar somewhere. Once you have your footage, simply dump it onto your computer via the included USB cable. Obviously you aren't going to get the same quality as a full-blown digital video camera, but as far as cell phone video capture goes, the t809 can't be beat.2. A previous reviewer stated that you have to use DRM mp3's downloaded from T-Mobile's website. This is also incorrect. Any MP3 file can be transferred to the phone and used as a ring tone- all you have to do is change the .mp3 extension to .3gp. That's it. No conversion software necessary, no fancy computer skills needed. Just change the extension, then transfer the file via USB. Finally, from the phone's file manager, simply navigate to the file you just transferred and select "set as ringtone," and you are done. Note, however, that in order to avoid wasting memory, it is probably a good idea to just clip 30 seconds of the song you want, because the ringer will only play for half a minute before looping the file anyway.My only complaint is that the battery life seems to be a bit lower than advertised. Plus, the huge, color screen, which is one of the main selling points, also seems to shorten the time between charges considerably, as does use of the MP3 player. However, I feel that the pros far, far outweigh the cons, and use of extra features always shortens battery life somewhat, so I am sticking with my 5-star assessment of this wonderful little piece of technology.

As everyone says, the display screen on this phone is awesome. The handset is very stylish.But that's where they stopped with quality.It doesn't get reception as well as other phones, even the old Samsung I had before it.My biggest complaint is that the one major thing you'd think was most important, the actual speaker, is of poor quality. The sound is so gritty/distorted that I have to turn up the volume to understand what people are saying, so much to the point that after just a few days my eardrums were sore from the bad sound and the high volume. It seems to emit an "airy" sound, like the static of a speaker turned up with no sound. And this air/static sound can be heard loudly when the volume is only at 3 of 5. (That's 60% volume.) What makes that even worse is that it's louder than the caller's voice. And if you turn up the volume to hear the person better, the air/static sound increases in volume as well. This is all true of the speakerphone feature as well.Like some of the other reviews said:This phone is good for everything except phone calls...And T-Mobile won't let me swap it for another phone, I'm very disappointed. I even consider downgrading to my old Samsung phone without all the fancy features. At least I could understand what people are saying. It just hurts to feel like I threw the money away.

I read all the reviews for this phone pre and post buying it. Personally, I think most of the complaints are from users who've not really read the manual i.e. many of the things folks say they can't do, are quite do-able and very easy. Check the manual!I'm stunned at how much of the phone's operations can easily, easily be managed with the slider closed. You can set the slider open/shut so as NOT to cut off any activity.If you use the phone's many media options, sure, the battery needs more frequent charging. Duh. Park it at night and let 'er charge up.I'm no techie whiz and I found this phone easy and intuitive. It's gorgeous, functional and I get great reception. As for those out there complaining about TMobile, I don't know what to say. I've been with 'em since '99 and have always had fabulous, responsive service. No regrets: bought the phone and signed up for two more years.Best advice: read all the reviews with a grain of salt and decide for yourself. Personally, I am thrilled with my T809.

I've seen almost all good reviews for this phone, so naturally I went into buying it with a very positive feeling.  I've only had this phone for 3 days, but it's a truely amazing phone so far.My favorite features:Amazingly bright and clear displayVery impressive 1.3MegaPixel cameraEasy user interfaceGreat lookDownside:Sometimes it's hard to slide the phone open if your fingers are a little bit slippery, but there's a little ridge to catch the edge of your finger, so I guess it's not so bad.  It definitely takes some getting used to, that's for sure.Bottom line, this is one awesome phone.  I mean, talk about top of the line technology.

read the reviews and the phone totally is everything it's cracked up to be.and despite what you read in the other reviews you can assign mp3's to your ring tone by simply changing the .mp3 to .3pg

I've had this phone for over a month now and it is a great phone. I  don't have the problems some ppl have, dust in screen, short battery life (my last a whole work day, I went over 1000 daytime mins last month).this phone need to have voice dailing. the charger and headset shares the same slot, so you can't charge the phone and use the headset at the same time.  i also wish mp3s can be used as caller id ringtones.

I've had this phone for two months now and LOOOOVE IT!  I've wanted a slider for a while, saw the T809, researched it and got it to replace my beloved Motorola V-300 which, after three years was startin' to act up.  The keys are flat and small and takes some gettin' used to.  At 1st, I thought I'd have to remove the phone from its case and slide open I wanted to do anything...and that got tired real fast.  Fortunately, this is not the case. You can answer the phone just by hitting the "dial/menu confirm" key on the outside of the phone.  To end the call, just hit the "power on/off/menu exit" key. You can go to slider options and program it so that it's convenient for you.  You can use the slider to answer and end calls or you can have the slider have no effect what so ever on calls.  You can do the same stuff with the slider down as you can with the slider up/open.  Difference is, it's much quicker with the slider open as you can use shortcuts.  When you close the slider, you'll have the option to "lock" it or not.  To unlock, just hit the left and right soft keys in that order.  Soon you'll be doin' it without any thought. There's a volume key on the side of the phone.  The volume's pretty loud both on and off speaker.  Sometimes, I even have to turn the phone volume down cos the caller comes through too loud!  Another thing about the sound, with my V-300, I could barely hear my mp3 ringtones.  Not so with the T809.  You can also adjust how you want your silent alert (vibrate or mute). To put T809 on silent, just press and hold the # key.  Unlike my Motorola V-300, I don't have to wait for the call to connect before I'm able to activate the speaker.The camera's 1.3 mega pixels, but that ain't the kicker.  It's what you can do with the pictures you take.  You can edit an image with the following options: None (leaves you with a regular lookin' photo), Black & White (self explanatory), Negative (looks like a negative), Sepia (classic lookin', brown tint), Blur (self explanatory), Sharp (s.e.), Sketch (looks like an artist sketched it with pencil), Posterize (I can't even explain this one.  Just gives it a slightly different look) & Solarize (this really looks artsy!).  There are even a variety of picture "frames" that you can use to decorate your photos.As for the video cam, you can get a good 20-30 seconds of footage.  Speakin' of videos, there's  a music video on this phone!  I just gotta find out how and where to get some more!  Lemme find out I could be watchin' Duran Duran on my cell phone, whaaaaat!  Anywho, I'm not interested in using it as an MP3 cos I have an MP3...that I use as an MP3.Also, I thought I could only get Yahoo.  Silly me.  I have several URL Favorites saved (Yahoo, MSN, BBC, GOOGLE, MAPQUEST, SUPERPAGES).  You can store up to 10 URL's.  I check my Yahoo and MSN mail easily (but I can't open attachments).  There seem to be more MP3 ringtones available to me with this phone.  As for games, I guess they're updating constantly.  Pac-Man wasn't available when I first got the phone, but it is now.  I'm just waiting for my Backgammon to be available on this phone.  I also like that you can turn the calendar "on" and have it display on your wallpaper.  Turn it "off" and you just have your wallpaper photo.  Yes, you can make your own photos your wallpaper too.  Yes, you can have different ringtones and photos for each caller.Okee doke, I think I've taken up enough time.  Just wanted to leave my $0.02 end ended up writing the sequel to "War & Peace".  Hope this helps anyone considering gettin' the Samsung T-809.  :)UPDATE!I've had my T809 for over a year now and I'd just like to add a little somethin'...While with all of its bells and whistles, the T809 is still very much wicked and relevant. Unfortunately, after the first few months the battery life began to decline (okay, nosedive is more like it!). A few months ago, I'd purchased a new battery and it has made no difference, so it must be the phone itself. I'm on the verge of purchasing a new phone as the battery life in my T809 only lasts about 4 hours on some days. As a result, I have to carry my charger everywhere. And I couldn't help but notice that T-Mobile doesn't even carry/offer this model anymore. Hmmm...Great phone, but what good are the myriad of features if the darn thing won't work when you need it? I'm trying to hold out until there's more feedback regarding the Motorola RIZR Z3. That's the next phone I've got my eye on. I'll miss Samsung's features and menu setup, but this phone with its declining battery life has left me very weary of Samsung.

It looks very sweet.  Awesome screen and speakers.  Some decent hacks for it on howardforums dot com!  It's battery life is almost pathetic though.  It's reception is poor.  The big exposed screen is also prone to scratching, and getting dust/dirt under it.  You also can't use mp3's for ringtones without hacking/cheating it.  Rename mp3 to 3gp, copy to micro-sd, then copy back to phone memory.What really killed the deal for me was the reception though.  Had a Nokia 3650, awsome, even worked ok in my basement, next a Moto V330, barely worked upstairs, just bought 2 of these T809's and they won't even recieve good enough to let me setup my voice mail in my livingroom.  Called T-Mobile support..  They are putting in a request to point an antenna towards my house.  I'm request #2.  I wish they just sold a decent Nokia.  Using the phone outside is going to get old once it starts snowing here in Michigan.Bottom line: If you just want a sweet looking phone this is it.  If you want a usable dependable phone look elsewhere.  This is like the RAZR's.  Form over function.  T-Mobile used to have lots of sweet Nokias, then they went to so-so Motorolas, now they are pushing Samdung and whatever is cheap.  Not a good thing.  -  Joe

I've owned my Samsung for 2 months now, and am in general very pleased. The screen is big, sharp, and very bright, and I've found the user interface to be at least adequate, though it's occasionally hard to find various operations because the categories, in some cases, are strangely named. I've had some trouble with the earpiece volume, but the ringer is nice and loud and the phone feels comfortable in the hand and is a good size. Reception has been excellent.But if you buy this phone, be VERY careful with the charger. It is poorly designed. My phone stopped charging last week, and after spending some time on the phone with customer service (T-Mobile's service for technical problems, if not billing, is very courteous and helpful) and getting a new charger, I was forced to take it into the store to have them check the battery. The battery and charger turned out to be fine when used with the store demo, and the phone didn't respond to a reset, so I am currently awaiting a replacement in the mail. The charger plug-in is hidden on the side and is apparently very susceptible to scratching on the inside, which you can't do anything about, so be forewarned! They really should design it differently.

when i was switching my service from verizon, i had to pick t-mobile just for this phone. the hardware is great with expandable memory and ultra thin design. the small buttons don't bother me as much since i have small hands. the build is great and the design never compromises the overall quality of the phone.

Experience.  My experience so far has been excellent. Amazon was quick (2-3 days using the free shipping option) in delivering the phone, [...]Customer Service.  T-Mobile customer service is EXCELLENT.  I enhanced the individual plan into a family plan, ported two numbers from Cxxx into T-Mobile and managed several options using the PC online customer account.  The number ports were done and activated within a few hours.  The T-Mobile customer service reps were excellent and very knowledgable in completing all my requests.Web Configuration.  T-Mobile's website has an automatic configurator to configure my cellphone's GPRS settings so I can access the web and emails, without me manually entering all the settings.T-Mobile Reception.  The reception of the phone is excellent.  In general, T-Mobile seems to have a better reception than Cxxx using the same phone in the lower Fairfield County, CT.  Highly recommended.Phone Features.  The phone is definitely full featured.  However, the feel of the phone is bit "cheap" versus some solid phones that I had with Sony Ericsson from past years.  But that is ok since you are trading the solidness with more features with the Samsung phone at $0 cost for a 1-year contract.  The battery is not yet a concern for me since I charge the phone once every 3 days.  The camera is good, but not great.In summary, this is a good buy with T-Mobile and Amazon.  Big Sam.

I can't believe that with technology as advanced as it is, Samsung could produce this giant POS. It's flashy, yes. But does it deliver?? No. I actually refused to pay the bill and let them shut my service off. I loved the clarity of the pictures, even though the 1 megapixel camera was pretty lousy, and I even liked the video feature. But the phone is only good IF YOU CAN USE IT!!! It's been years since I've had such lousy reception from a phone. I'm considering taking the dealer to court over this, since they pushed it on me and told me what a great phone it was. I want my money back!!!

I bought this phone and am returning it. The features are fine. It has a video and still camera, and mp3 player. the problem is the connectivity. I bought this bluetooth phone hoping it would sync with my mac. It does not. There is one program which supposedly bridges the gap, but after dropping $300 on a phone I didn't really want to spend and extra $50 to make it work right.Other complaints I had was the keypad is awkward to type on it is recessed and the lip on the top and bottomg got in the way of typing in numbers.Also T-zones doesn't work at all I guess this is and EDGE phone but T-mobile doesn't have their EDGE netwrok set up or something like that.Generally I liked the layout of the phone. I just wish I could sync it with my mac. to me the most important function of a phone is managing contacts and right now this does not work with the t809 and a mac

yes i do have this phone and it is very good everything you read in the other reviews is mostly true but i have a question for whom ever is reading this. i want to know how to put videos on the phone. an other reviewer said to contact him through amazon but i don't know how so im resorting to this. so if any one knows how to put videos on the phone contact me at punkrawker2000@hotmail.comthanks

Great phone with some problems. Here I am only describing the cons:1. Battery life is not as long as it claimed to be. If you listen to mp3 or watch video often, the power bar drops quickly.2. Dirt goes in between the face plate and LCD within hours if you put the phone in your pocket. Here are the solutions you can follow:a) pry open the face plate to remove the dirt, the faceplate is sticked to the phone body with some double side sticky tape, so doing so won't damage the phone, but dirt will go in again. However, this is the only way to get rid of the dirts that are already in. One tip, if you happened to scrap some of the black paint on the other side of the faceplate (which is unaviodable if you decide to open it up), you can use a black-ink pen to put the color back.b) long term solution to the dirt is to plug in all the holes on the phone. There is one big lacune under the rotating camera, you can see it by rotating the camera's eye facing toward the phone body. I used a piece of regular tap cut exactly the same width of the lacune and put in carefully with a small forcep. This prevents the diry that you will see from the top right corner. To stop dirt from going in from the top left corner, there are 3 holes you need to plug. One is the speaker (I lost some "hearability" but what can I do), one is the mysterious hole on the top left of the phone, and the last one is in the back when you slide the phone up, at the top of the right rail (it is hidden in the corner, you can see it in a complete dark room when the LCD is lit). I looked for some material that will match the color. Finally I found sth that is easily obtainable. Guess what? My mouse pad! I cut very small pieces of foam from the back of my mouse pad (some mouse pads use rubber but I think foam is much better). So I pluged all the holes and now my phone is now as good as new.This is all I can complain about the phone. Maybe plus the lack of language support. But since this phone is only released in USA, it is understandable that no Asian language firmware is available. It will need some refinement once you get it, but what the hell, I feel solving problems like this fun. Lots of others do reported having this dirt problem quite annoying. I take it as sth we usually experience. You want wear pretty high heels, you bear the agony, as simple as that.

It is very slim and has a wonderful display. I thought my Samsung D415 had an excellent display, but compared to T809, it's a no match.To be honest, I like the look of D415 than T809. Only if D415 was slimmer than T809, I would've kept my old phone.T809's navigation buttons aren't the greatest things in the world. I have big hands, so it's kinda hard to press the buttons. All the numbers are right next to each others with no gaps, so you have to really concentrate when making a call.The best thing about T809 is that you can create your own mp3 ringtones without havig to purchase any expensive tools or softwares. You can use the supplied software that comes with the phone.I would've given this phone a five stars, but the reception is very poor compared to my old phones. It always has one lesser signal bar than Samsung E715 and D415.Quit frankly, it is a great phone if the reception was little bit better. Isn't reception the most important thing for the cell phones? I guess someone at Samsung forgot that he/she was developing the cell phone, not the portable mp3 player.

Just got my T809 and love it.  It is a looker -- gave up a Razr for it. But have a few questions:  Has anyone tried a 1GB TransFlash Micro SD card with the phone -- will it work or is 512K the limit?  Is there anyway to put the phone in game or airplane mode so that I can listen to my MP3s without sending out a cellphone signal?

Some of the features are great. But it lacks a use friendly interface.

Frankly, the phone is next to useless if you use a Mac with OS XOther than that, its been ok.

i love my phone and have used only samsung phones for the last five years and finally they came out with a blue tooth. the only problem is that sometimes it's hard to connect to it and you have to shut of the phone and try different ways for it to connect. It gets frustrating but blue tooth really is awesome and since I go through over 4000 minutes a month on my phone (usually while driving) it's really the way to go.

I got this phone recently and was amazed at its nice looks. One thing i miss terribly is voice commands which the cingular version of this phone has. I would have appreciated voice commands over speaker phone anytime ... but thats just me.Anyways the worst thing about this phone is its battery life. The display sucks a lot of battery out, so make sure u keep it to its minimum light. Playing mp3's are a killer. They suck so much battery meaning if your planning to replace your ipod/mp3 player with this phone, forget it. Even though I hardly use my phone, I still have to charge it everyday as opposed to the mentioned 4 day standby time.Sound quality was nice but then I live in the Los Angeles area so that shouldnt influence your decision on buying this phone. I've had a lot of Samsung phones over the years and this one is definitely on the top when it comes to features and a very good  camera. Wish they would have spent some more time on getting the battery right.
