
I was having such issues with my Motorola RAZR.  I had to return it three times...twice for dust under the screen and once because the key pad broke.  Finally, I was allowed out of my RAZR contract and the Customer Service Rep at Cingular Recommended this phone.I'm used to a 'clam shell' design so I was a little iffy at first.  The pivoting open design of the 600i took a little getting used to at first.  It's hard to open the phone with one hand and I sort of miss that features, however, the many other positive attributes to this phone more than make up for it.First, the keypad is back-lit and easy to access.  The sound quality on the phone is awesome, and the MP3 player may not hold a ton of music, but it holds enough to get you through the day.  I currently have 30 songs uploaded onto my phone and the quality is great.  A lot of that sound quality comes from the head phones that are included with the phone.The headphones themselves are sort of delicate...so be careful how you store them.  I've had the phone for two months now and I'm still extremely careful with the head phones.  I just sense that it's only a matter of time until they break...but in the mean time the ear bud design is really very nice.  The headphone come with a microphone and flash button so you can connect and disconnect phone calls.  Another awesome feature is when you're listening to music and someone calls, you can answer and use your headphones as an earpice...STERO phone calls anyone?  Very cool.The camera on this phone is really very nice.  The best camera in a phone I've come across...and I did much research when looking for a new phone.  It has 1.3 pixels...certainly not up to some of the Digital camera's on the market, but enough to capture a quick picture in the heat of the moment.The phone also has digital video so you can 'tape' short movies.  Awesome.It's a little chunkier than my previous cell phones, but I attritube that to the 'swiss army' motiff...this phone has everything (including a flash light) except a cork screw.Love it.

The user interface of this phone is fantastic, but what's the use when it crashes ALL THE TIME. Flipping it open causes a crash 3 out of 4 times. Sometimes it just crashes for no reason at all......

W600i is a very nice phone to use. The user interface is easy to learn. It has all the nice features: Bluetooth, GPRS/EDGE, quad-band, etc. However, its battery life is really poor ... barely two days of standby power! I cannot even go the weekend without re-charging ... The other negative of the phone is its thickness. It is close to one inch thick!

Worth every cent. Do not overlook:The cool FM which you can play through the speakers as well.The sub woofer. Just lay it flat on the table.The cool noises it can make when you open it up.the video optioins.the camera options--panorama is excellent.Why has nobody mentioned the built in flash that doubles as a FLASHLIGHT? Very cool.I never thought I would use more than the phone, music, bluetooth and speakerphone. I am now addicted to al of the features. GET ONE!

Pros:Lots of features.Good speakers for music.Good battery life and can be recharged with USB cable which is provided. So no need to buy seperate charger for office.Cons:Interferrance with computer speakers. my previous phone dis not cause any interference even placed on top of the speakers. This one causes even if kept away 4 feet.256 MB is OK but not enough in most cases.Buttons get pressed by mistake. Starts webs without knowing. But it has a locking system which is quite easy to use, so should not be a big problem.Opening of the phone is weird, but you hardly need to open it.The headset provided is not good. But you can connect any other standard headset which is good.Little bulkier than others.

Has all the features you could want, mp3 and aac compatibility, great pc software inferface for moving pictures and music back and forth, the ability to set any music file you have as your ringtone, high resolution pictures, great video for a camera phone, great games (especially the ones specifically for the 600 that can be played sideways), the call quality is great, speakerphone is very loud and clear, handsfree interface works liek a charm, and you can replce the headset it comes with with any speaker headset you own and stil have it work with the handsfree microphone. The crashes mentioned in previous reviews are due to the 'smart chip' packaged with the phone. Cingular has announced that some chips that are being sent with the 600i did not meet manufacturing standards and they will replace them at no charge if you bring your phone in to a cingular store. My wife and I both have a 600i, we both eventually eperienced the 'crashing' issue, but replacing the smart chip fixed it instantly (and only took 5 minutes in the store); it is NOT a problem with the phone itself.

I got the phone on 31st July 06 and before I could even explore the features of the phone, with in 3 days, it crashed and did not recover ever.The worst thing is, I did not try doing anything fancy. I left the phone in the night at the table, and in morning when I picked it back, it was having the WHITE SCREEN. Power off etc did not work. Now, I am figuring out a way to exchange it.

Believe it or not.I bought this phone and after a perfectly valid operation with the USB cable, this phone competely went dead.The saving grace was the excellent customer service and the prompt replacement phone i got.Since I wanted to alter the ring tone to be able to differentiate this phone from the other similar phones around me, I tried using the USB cable again. The phone software just hung this time and now I only get a Sony Ericsson Logo on the screen.As a phone with all the bells and whistles, it is very nice only if the software that it uses was better programmed.I am not sure what kind of response I will get from the customer service this time but I do hope they remain ever courteous and do the needfulIn short, NOT RECOMMENDED FOR SERIOUS USE.

This phone has grown on me.  At first I wasn't sure I needed all this stuff, it felt a bit heavy, I was unsure of the swivel design, and I felt guilty for buying such an expensive phone.  But now I know I'd buy it again.  It's still a little heavy (compared to the Razr, which was my other choice) but the reception is great, it has lots of functions, and the interface is easy to navigate.  Best of all, the speaker phone function is one of the best I've ever heard.  It's loud and clear.

If you are looking for a phone which can meet all the basic requirements with some advanced features, then go for this one. It has 225MB memory to store audio and video files. I am very impressed with the MP3 player, awesone sound effects. The digital camera works great. Swivel design makes it much more attractive and compact. The speaker phone in the unit has excellent clarity, which avoids keeping your phone closer to your ears all the time. This phone can also be used to store files similar to a hard disk. This phone also has its own small flashlight for the camera which is good enough for low quality pictures in the dark.Overall this phone meets all your basic requirements as a cell phone with excellent reception. The built in MP3 player, FM radio & 1.3 Megapixel camera works great without any flaws.

This phone is an absolute workhorse. The start up is quick (not like Windows Smartphones) and menu browsing is FAST! The best part is the sharp call quality. It's crispy clear! Retains good amount of signal strength where I had hecuva lot of problem before, with a different phone. On top of the excellent call quality, the walkman is something that really works. Sound quality is more than I expected from the tiny speakers. And with supplied earplugs, it is even better.On the flipside, for some stupid reason, SE decided to use some weired design for charger/earplug/FM radio plugs. No standard USB ports available in this phone. Also I hate how Cingular charges for browsing when you hit the medianet button, which can not be disabled.

I have had my W660I for a little while, I love it.  The features are great and easy to use.The only thing I recommend is to prepare the music you want to load and restart computer before transfering. When you finish transfering files disconnect the USB connection(not the cable the USB communition) before unplugging USB cable from computer. (  If your resources are low and the computer locks up your phone may need to recover.  When I plugged the USB cable and selected transfer file I got a white screen.  To recover the phone I had to leave it like that for 30 min and it was ok, that worked for me.  All in all the phone was worth the time to pick it.  I would buy another one if something happen to it.  Aslo, love light feature.

I agree with S. Jarecki. Two days battery life, at least with the Cingular issued phones. Firmware is updated, battery replaced by Cingular. Sony Erickson can't explain the problem yet lots of us are experiencing this.

I have read all problems on the reviews and agree. Having problems with swivel head only had phone for 5 months. Get white screen, locks up only way out is to take out battery and re-boot. The only positive thing about this phone is the speaker and music storage, but hard to enjoy either when battery life is less than a day. THIS PHONE IS JUNK, CINGULAR KNOWS IT BECAUSE THEY DO NOT SELL IT NOR WILL THEY SEND THIS SAME PHONE OUT IF IT IS WARRANTIED, THEY ARE WARRANTING THIS PHONE WITH THE SAMSUNG D807. IF YOU ARE EXPIERENCING ANY OF THESE PROBLEMS WITH THIS PHONE, AND IF IT IS A CINGULAR BRANDED (LOCKED TO CINGULAR) AND YOU HAVE PURCHASED LESS THAN A YEAR AGO YOU CAN GET IT WARRANTIED WITH 15 MINUTES. CALL WARRANTY SERVICE 800-801-1101 AND GET THE SAMSUNG D807 STILL HAS THE 1.3MEGAPIXEL CAMERA, IT IS A VERTICAL SLIDE PHONE WITH A BIG SCREEN I LOVE THIS PHONE.

Mechanically: Fair.Software and User Interface: HORRIBLE.If you are going to use this phone for Business and/or text messaging you are going to HATE it.If you are a high school kid, wanting to play MP3's, you will probably think it is cool.CONS: Here are SOME of the poor things about the software interface:The phone only remembers the last 10 phone calls- This is APPALLING, with a phone with 256 MEG- It's just plain stupid. Being able to go through at least 100 of the last phone calls is one of the most used and important features.You can't scroll quickly through saved text messages: When viewing a text message, you have to (1) exit the message, (2)scroll down to the next message and then (3) select it for viewing. This is so slow and painful. The UI should have been designed so that you could load the next, or previous text message with a single button push- Like # for next, and * for previous.No control over the time that the back light stays on for the display.The phone does not come with a clean simple "Theme" or skin.When in sleep mode, you can only get it to display the TIME: The display is HUGE- it should have displayed the TIME and DATE as a minimum. The time that is displayed randomly moves around the display. I'm guessing that the moron Gen_Yer wanna be programmer had seen this on a screen saver and thought it was important- The dork probably doesn't even know what phosphor burn in is on a CRT... (That's why CRT screen savers don't always light the same area-- hence the name "SCREEN SAVER"). This has no relevance on a LCD display like the W600i has.The access to the built in Flash Light is so painful, it's almost impossible to use. When selecting it from the menu, if it's off, the menu highlights "Off". You have to scroll to the "On" option, and then select it. To turn if off, you have to go back through the menu system, then it starts by highlight "On", you have to then select "Off". Plain moronic.

sony ericsson W600 reviewupdated note: phone has been sent back to the manufacturer twice now for bluetooth problems. upon thinking about this phone some more, i'd say the software is buggy for a lot of people. please take this into consideration before buying.i bought this phone in early december for the oh-so-NOT-low price of $390 from letstalk.com. i was (am) only about seven months into my two-year contract, so yes, i paid full price. :eek:in my past, i've owned most of the major brands of phones (motorola, nokia, samsung, sony ericsson, sharp) and right before i got this phone, i was a happy motorola V551 owner. initially, i had wanted the sony ericsson W800, but without the 850mhz band and being a cingular customer, i wasn't going to risk it.in short, i love this phone. to date, it's the best phone i've owned. i don't think it's worth the $390 i paid for it, but that's really my fault. i'm impatient and wanted this phone reeeeeally bad and didn't want to wait until it dropped in price (if it ever will). i am going to cover a few of the major components to this phone and then list some pros and cons. mine is a cingular-branded phone, so keep that in mind when i talk about certain features.camera: i've had a few camera phones before this one. i'll preface this section by saying what 100s of others have said: it's a camera PHONE. it's not going to have the quality to make even a decent 4X6 print. what it IS good for are those moments where you're thinking, "oh! i wish i had a camera right now!". my last phone was a VGA camera and i thought by getting a phone with a 1.3 MP camera, it'd be a noticable difference. it isn't really. however, the cameras on phones are such a relative subject since once person can think the pic looks good and others think it looks like total doodie. i would urge you to look at samples of pics this phone has taken and judge for yourself. i wasn't too impressed, but that's not why i bought the phone. the camera has a lot of neat little options (special effects, white balance, shoot mode, night mode, self-timer, etc), but that's all kinda lost when the pictures aren't that great. it should be noted that the camera on this phone and the sony ericsson S710a (a phone very similar to the W600) are both 1.3MP, but the S710a has a CCD sensor, which results in better pics. the phone will also take little (albeit grainy) video clips. moving on...bluetooth: doesn't seem to be as easy to use as with my motorola, but i have some learning to do here. was what was cool was transferring ringtones from my friend's SE T616 to mine via bluetooth. free ringtones for me! i don't have bluetooth on any of my PCs, so i cannot comment on bluetooth connectivity in relation to that. i just like that the option (bluetooth) is there.walkman: holy crap, it's a MP3 player on my phone! the walkman is pretty easy to use and so is the software to transfer songs to your phone. it took me about 12 minutes to transfer 15 songs, so it's not incredibly fast, but it's a cool app, nonetheless. the phone can hold about 60-70 songs at 128bps (ripping at other bitrates is possible, allowing more/less songs to be stored on the phone), depending on what other stuff you have on your phone (pics, vids). the sound is pretty damn good. you can listen to MP3s from the speakers or via headphones. i was very impressed. the phone does NOT have a 3.5mm plug, but comes with an adapter, so all is well. i've even plugged this phone into my car's cassette adapter and played MP3s through the car's stereo speakers. MP3s can also be used as ringtones. all-in-all, no complaints here! well, except the 256MB limit.radio: nice little feature! you HAVE to have the headset plugged in to listen to the radio, as it acts as the antenna, but while it's plugged in, you can send the sound to come out of the speakers. radio is easy to use, channels are easy to store and radio sounds good. the radio (as well as the MP3 player), will pause if you get a call and resume when you're done. you can also use the radio and MP3 player while doing other things on the phone. headphones sound awesome.games: the phone came with six games: asphalt3D, blockbreaker, bruwnswick billiards, jewel quest, name that tune, tetris, and 3D extreme air snowboarding. all games are locked, so you can only play them for about a minute and then you are prompted to purchase them. they are $6-$8, roughly. total rip off. thanks cingular.ringtones: again, thanks to cingular, there are only six ringtones that come with this phone, and they are pretty crappy. there are free ones all over the place, so don't go spending your inheritance on buying them from cingular. or, do as i do and grab them off another SE phone via bluetooth. there is a little app including on the phone called musicDJ and you can actually make your own ringtones. kinda cool. i've made a few so far and they aren't bad. well, ok, my mom said they sounded horrible, but what does she know?syncing: this phone syncs with your contacts, tasks, notes and calendar, if you have those kinds of programs on your PC. i got my phone to sync with my outlook, which now means i'll sell my PDA. SE's PC suite works pretty well and transferring files is easy. however, it seems like every now and again, when i am connected via USB, it reboots my phone. don't know what that's about. i don't think any harm is being done.the phone feels pretty solid in your hand, weight-wise. i've never owned a slider/swivel phone in my life, and while it's not the most convenient to "flip" open, it's not bad. you can actually place and receive calls with the phone swivelled shut, too, which i liked.it seems like SE didn't leave anything out with this phone (except a memory slot) and i love it. they thought of everything on this phone: radio, little flash light, dedicated key lock button, infrared, calendar, music/video/picture DJ,stopwatch, timer, tasks, notes and the list goes on and on. the phone's styling (ie: orange cover) isn't for everyone, but i love it. my phone did come with a 2nd cover, in navy blue. it's styling and shape is great and i love the orange backlit keypad. it's definitely a head-turner.and, above all, reception and clarity of calls is great. i've had no complaints when i've used the phone, the headset, the bluetooth headset and speakerphone. it's really nice. this of course, can be dependent on your network. i live in the midwest in a fairly large area (260K people), so we have cell towers all over the place.pros:* nice size.* bluetooth, infrared and speakerphone.* radio and MP3s* clarity of calls is excellent. reception is great.* screen is nice and bright.* easy to get pics, vids, etc. on and off the phone.* phone comes with everything you need (except car charger)* this phone is loaded - nothing is left out!* sony ericsson's interface is great; apps like the address book are loaded with room for tons of info. menus are easy to use.cons:* no memory slot. on-board memory, while not bad, is limited to 256MB.* price (well, at full retail anyway).* camera is disappointing for a 1.3MP.* phone goes into standby (screen off) after 15 seconds. very annoying and to date, i've found no way to change that.* games are locked for only 1 minute of play. thanks cingular ;( not ONE free game is included.* keypad buttons are small, and close together. i have small hands, so the key size is not so bad, it's the fact that they are right next to each other.this is a great phone. its big disappointment is the fixed 256MB memory, but for a lot of people who just want to listen to a few songs and not 500, this phone will suit you just fine. i am hoping to keep this phone for more than six months (which is about how often i get a new cell phone) - it has everything i need and nothing i don't. kudos to sony ericsson for putting out a great phone! woo! ;)

AWESOME SOFTWARE ...1. The interface is the most beautiful I have ever seen on any computing device, it beats Mac OS X !INCREDIBLE SOUND ...2. Its tiny but it sounds like a boom box the way puts out sound, its load when the ear phones are not attached. I am using a Mac with OS X with it and I just figured out how to transfer my Pod-casts to it.First you should though away your existing pod-cast folder under your users names music folder.Then update your podcasts, now the PCs folder will only be new things that you have not listened to and it will be much smaller in terms of K.Now just before you copy that PCs to phone copy the PC folder to your desktop holding down the options key to duplicate it, this way if you can check the size and through things away if you need to without effect the original PCs.So copy the PC folder on your desktop to the phones drive.There are 2 places to access it on the phone, My Stuff, or from the Walkman interface, in the Walkman its the best because you can fast forward ahead in the recording if you want.REFINED OVER ALL ...3. It looks and feels great, and is high refined after years of SE phones. On the Mac you just use all the Mac software there does not seem to be anything from Sony, but all the Mac stuff seems to work good.Camera ...4. The camera is really cool it has a lot of fun features, I think people don't like it because its complex, but I like it and I am skeptical about the claims of poor color quality that I have read in reviews but I have not used it enough yet to judge that.COMPLAINTS ...I guess the USB could have been two, but if USB2 would have used more power then I with draw my complaint. There is this new wireless tech that I am not familiar with, maybe OS X will support that soon and make the USB irrelevant.As soon as my 2 year contract is up I will get a similar phone with a hard-drive and new battery tech, fuel cells, ultra-capacitors or BEST nuclear batteries that last 20 years, and basically the same features, that will be the ultimate phone.The cords are a bit strange in that they will almost plug in left or right but only one direction is correct, they work OK but you have to look at them to plug-in.All the buttons work great, I like the swivel, the battery latest forever, it charges from USB, the ear buds fit good.The blue/black covers are kind of ugly, I guess thats about it.I have just had it for 2 days, I will update if I find any complaints.Ooooh, the reception of the radio sucks so far.The reception of the phone looks low by the bars but I think its really no worse then other phones it just has potentially much BETTER receptions so that is why it appears lower at times. Because I made a call from a location where I previously used my old SE phone on T-mobile and the sound was pretty good and better by comparison but the bars show much lower most of the time.March 6, the radio is quite good but the reception is poor indoors, outside you set the channels and there is an autoset and then you can step through 20 channels if it finds that many, although indoors it does not receive much or you have to move the phone and cord around to get better reception.March 10, here is how the phone reception works. I think I remember another reviewer saying that the phone reception was poor, this is NOT true. The reception is quite good but when I am indoors with it the first time I try to call the call fails then I can see the go from almost nothing to 5 bars and the second time I dial the call goes through. I am sure this is why the battery last so long !Also there is another very interesting feature that shows how sophisticated the software is on this phone. When I load mp4s on to from iTunes Podcasts sometimes it can't play these. The first time I try it puts up an alert, "Can't play this file.", something like that BUT THE SECOND TIME I TRY TO PLAY IT, IT ACTUALLY TRYS TO PLAY IT AND THAT CAN CAUSE IT TO FREEZE !!!I did confirm this behavior, this is very sophisticated and robust, I like it, there is always the possibility that it could play a file it can not identify so on the second try its users choice -- ULTRA COOL !!!By the way I am in my 40s and I listen to news Podcasts when I exercise with the walkman features of the phone.I think some reviewers are confused about how USB support works on this phone. When you are done with a session the phone shuts down, this is automatic so you can switch modes, and probably also so the phone can recognize the new items that maybe stored -- THIS IS NOT A BUG OR THE WHITE SCREEN OF DEATH and it IS very convenient !!!3/27/06I just loaded 226 MB of music, 63 files, with Bluetooth. DANG, M4a files sound great on this thing !!!Be sure to turn on "Stereo Widening" in the WalkMan in the "More" button.I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about with the white screen of death. I have only gotten it to crash a couple of time by trying to play a file it initially told me was damaged, this is NOT a bug !I think other reviews have a damaged Walkman.And it does run very slowly only when trying to select a large sound file from recording the entire day, otherwise NO PROBLEMS AT ALL.The only thing I would change is add the ability to play audible book ".aa" files.THE SOUND IS MUCH BETTER THEN MY iPOD !!!4/11/06I have figured out what all the complaints about the white screens of death and crashing is about.If when you are down loading songs to this phone you should either run out of space or disconnect the USB cord while downloading then you MAY get a file that is incomplete. When you attempt to play this file/song the phone's software will warn you that it can not play the file but then when you choose another song/file it will often, but not always, CRASH !!!The reason I did NOT previously realize this is the problem other people are running into is because the problem is VERY EASILY recognized and FIXED by deleting the offending file, although I suppose if you had SEVERE short term memory problems then you would not realize what was going on and you would get the same crash over and over again !?!?!?!I do have an EXTREMELY GOOD short term memory especially for this sort of thing but a good memory is not required, the rule is if it tells you it can't play a song delete it immediately.5/10/06I have figured out why soo many people here complain of pure call sound quality. This is because if you leave the phone on for days at a time just like any computer the software start to fail. I started to have this problem a couple of weeks ago ...... so to fix it, I turn the phone off and immediately on again, Shut Down once a day, this way ALL INCOMING CALLS ARE CLEAR.

you cannot use napster with this phone. that really sucks

I needed a new phone because I absolutely hated the freebee they give when you sign up. I thought about getting the RAZR but since everyone and their dog has one, I wanted something different.This phone has the best reception I have had in a cell phone so far. It also has the ability to play music and games. The onboard memory is about 240MB so it can be limited to how many songs you can play. Keep in mind that ringtones and games will add to the memory usage.The phone comes with some weird headphones - I don't like them at all as the cord is too short on one side. The sound quality is OK but with better headphones quality is much improved.The included software is not very good. I just used the drivers on the CD and dragged and droped my MP3's using the standard explorer interface. The really cool thing about this phone (and others I am sure) is that you cna choose a whole song, any MP3, as the ringtone.The only downside to this phone is that it will not play the Mobile Battlefront game - it is not a choice for this phone.The phone is also smaller than I thought, which is cool. I also like the orange color, but there are grey "skins" included as well. My box came with headphones, charger, software and driver CD, battery (of course) and a grey skin pack.This phone is much more cooler than the RAZR in my opinion. Get one before everyone else does!

Ive had this phone for over a month now and so far I like it.  The reception is great, i have no trouble except for in my building at work. Ive never had a phone get great signal in here. I like the simple alarm/organizer. I had the Motorola i860 before and you had to go thru too many steps just to set the alarm. The rotating feature takes getting used to, but u really dont need to open it unless you have to manually dial a number. My least favorite thing about the phone is the ringtones. There are no plain jane ring tones. I dont like music ring tones but what did expect from a walman phone?  The good thing is that there is so much memory, i can download lots of standard type ringtones.  The voice dial does not work with the blue tooth headset and the camera sucks.Overall i give it 4 stars cuz of the great signal strength, great alarm, easy to navigate, plenty of memory, radio sounds fantastic and a nice big screen.

i have had this phone for less than 7 months now, but the camera is broken.  i have neither dropped the phone nor harmed it in any way.  the will take views but it will not actually take a picture. anybody experience this???

Wife loves this phone, this was her favorite all time.  Sound and quality were excellent, especially for audio, loud and clear.  Design and quality construction!

I love this phone.  More precisely, I love the look of the phone, but no more.  Why?I decide to write this review after returning the phone to Amazon for the second time.  The first time I returned it is because there were intermittent noise during the phone conversation, which was extremely annoying.  The second time I returned it is because of the White Screen of Death (WSOD).  Just google "WSOD and w600i", and you'll see how many people suffer from this.  Once you see the WSOD, the phone just die.I know beauty is skin deep, but I don't know it applies to mobile phones, too.

Overall I was impressed with the camera, with its video features.  The memory is rather limited for someone with a large music collection.  I found it really cool you can listen to FM radio on it.  The volume is very loud and clear.However, I have owned the phone since December 2005.  Since then, screws came loose in the swivel mechanism and the top half of the phone is about ready to fall off.  The phone NEVER went through excessive heat and was never dropped, just by using the swivel it became detatched.  It's hanging on by a single screw now.I also had problems with the phone telling me it had an "Inactive Smartchip" and would restart.  Sometimes it would restart without the keylock and I would take my phone out of my pocket and it would be blasting music and surfing MediaNet.  It made for real awkward situations, let me tell you.The battery faceplate is also very flimsy.  From taking it out of my pocket very often, the first one became loose and I lost it.My brother also has the exact same phone, and his when you dropped it from about a foot high would restart.So, at first the phone seems pretty impressive, but mine began to break down after only 6 months of use.  I would reccomend looking elsewhere.

The phone is good because of it's capability of holding large amounts of music, but there is the 'white screen of death' to worry about. It appeals to the younger population more than the older one because of the look of the phone and what the phone can do, such as: take pictures and video, download music, listen to the radio, etc.The battery to the phone doesn't last very long and the screen of the phone is very suseptible to scratches and can easily damage. The phone is a bit heavy and can't be carried in you pockets (unless they are very baggy). The phone is bulky, too.I didn't have my phone for more than two weeks when I got the dreaded screen. I noticed that my phone needed to be charged so I turned it off and hooked it on to the charger when I noticed that the 'charging' screen didn't come up but a white screen with the sony ericsson logo in the middle. After a while, I noticed it didn't charge so I took it off the charger and the screen stayed the same, white with the SE logo in the middle. I couldn't turn the phone off or doing anything. Basically, the 'White Screen of Death' will stay on until the phone dies and you can't do anything to it.I called customer service and they were completely clueless about what happened and didn't help much, so I returned the and got a new one from a different manufacuter. I don't recommend this phone, or any phones, from sony ericsson because many of their phones do have a defect or other that they aren't willing to claim. The 'White Screen of Death' has come up on a number of SE W600i phones and the company refuses to address the issue. Just be advised that 'the white screen of death' does come up on some phones and the only thing to do is return it, if possible, and exchange it.

Heard too much complaints Rzr too much I went for this phone last March 2006.Havent had an issue yet.Pros.1. Speaker is awesome.. Never use the headset since I love the speakers.2. MP3 player is awesome.3. Swivel. The amazing thing is I rarely use the swivel. Dont even have to open the phone to use it.4. Camera. 1.3 is more than enough for casual pictures. Amazing quality.5. Battery life is adequate.6. Calendar function. Use it well after assigning shortcuts.7. Shortcuts function. Made sure I use swivel very less.Cons.1. Key pad. Had tough time using the key pad without looking at it.2. Swivel. Doesnt go all the way round. If not careful might break it.3. Internet button. The button accidently gets pressed and I end up paying Cingular!!. Well it think it was a button to make money (Sure it has the cingular logo on it)4. The Walkman button. Again accidentally goes off and my cell starts singing at odd places.Overall... I would have loved to own 800i (Was available in Asia when I bought 600i. Guess we in US gets everything late)

I bought this phone for the FM radio and MP3 playback even though I don't really like the swivel movement.  The MP3 player works very well, although I really wish the phone had expandable memory.  The radio works well and it is nice to have RDS (lets you know the title of the song and the station name).  There is also a feature that you can use to control your PC via Bluetooth which is really cool, once I figured out how to use it.  The manual doesn't explain this (or any other feature) very well.  You must turn on HID profile in the Bluetooth setup menu in your PC's control panel (if you have Windows XP Service Pack 2).  Then it couldn't be easier.To the reviewer who couldn't get the voice commands to work, you have to put your ear to the phone to hear the tone.  It is a very quiet tone.  I had to call Sony Ericsson to find this out.

Let me start off saying that this phone kicks some serious tail.  Everything from the call quality, battery life, display, buttons, additional features, and ease of use is EXCELLENT. (Especially the flashlight, comes in handy.) I do not have one negative thing to say about the phones features; it is packed with everything anybody would want and more.But their is one major problem - durability.  As much as I love this phone, it will not survive even if you use extreme care.  I've had this phone since late January; never dropped it, never damaged it in anyway, but the swivel part of the phone is slowly coming apart.  I noticed that about 3 weeks ago the top of the phone would feel loose when opened, and I brought it into a cingular tech yesterday, and he said their was nothing that could be done.  Two screws were gone, one was almost gone, and it was only staying together by one faithful screw.  Very sad, when thinking about all the good things about this phone. But, since I had the phone for less than a year, I can have it replaced.  I knew that I was very careful with the phone and it still broke, so I couldn't in good conscience get the same phone, even though the phone is awesome.BOTTOM LINE -  The best phone I've ever had or seen when talking about the phones capabilities; blows the RAZR's out of the water.  It just won't stay together. If you do get this phone, you will love it, until it starts to break.  So be prepared to call Cingular to get it replaced; I just hope you're lucky enough to have it break within the 1 year warranty.

This is my third SE phone.  The first two being supposedly more advanced models (K750i and W800i).  The only two advantages that W800i has over this one are 1. 2 Megapixel camera and 2. Storage expansion.  Now what I epxerienced with W800i was not good. The songs would often not work out of the memory stick.  The phone used to report 'play back' failure.  The phone used to hang and all that.  None of those things have so far happend with this one.  Although the space is limited 256MB (as compared to W800i) but still it is big enough.  Plus the sound is really awesome.  Belive me I have used w800i, the sound on this phone is better than that. (even without the head phones).Other than the sound, I think one other edge that this one has is the swivel design.  Everyone says a lot about it.  But frankly the usual cam shell design is pretty boring.  My phone came with a blue face cover.  It is better than the usual orange and white face plate (w800i) did not have any face plate chage options. (atleast not that I know of)Finally, ofcourse the price!Over all I think this phone is a very good deal.  You get a decent enough camera (with good flash).  With enough space to store quite a number of songs.  I have about 50 MP3 stored with still 60MB free space.  Plust the phone's software is really good.  It has so far never hanged. (three months of intense use).  Excellent sound quality.  Good design. Very good battery life.  Seamless connectivity with PC.  Easy synchronization and file transfer options.A very good deal.  Go for it.

HiI got this phone primarily looking  for a good cell phone and nothing moreBut I was fancied by all the other items in this phone like fm radio, mp3 player, camera etc etcBut the call quality in this phone is no where close to my 3 year old lg-vx4400my old cell phone call quality is hundred times better than this oneI understand that the call quality depends on the signal strength which in turn depends upon the carrierI immediately returned this phone and got one nokia 6102lets see how does this nokia turn out to be?

Well with all the hype and looks, I'm sorry to say this phone lacks the most important feature - *** THE BATTERY ***. Within 3-4hr of full charge, you will see that battery goes to &lt; 50% (without making any call) Happened with 2 different phones. I think they are cheating us when they say -From cingular site -Talk Time: Up to 8 HrsStandby Time: Up to 15 DaysTHIS IS NOT TRUE.Ok I'm done with phone, will return it back.

I tried the Sony Erickson w600i  and really loved that little gem. Mp3 player works great and the built in speaker, while it isn't good for music, is great for audio book and podcasts without the bother of headphones or those irksome earplug things. Push the camera switch and it becomes a mini digital camera (not like taking pictures with a phone). And it interfaces with your computer easily. I didn't bother with the included software rumored to be buggy. It just shows as an external drive. The swivel design seemed OK. It's only needed when you use the keypad and that was less often than I would have thought. The problem was it's a lousey phone! People told me they couldn't hear me and frequently asked - What's all that noise? I ended up with a Razr V3 which works great as a phone and is has the best speakerphone I have used.  I do miss the W600i.  I  hope the next version will have a better phone and speakerphone as that is essential to me. I would dump the V3 in a minute if they would improve the phone side of the W600i

It is a nice phone.  Looks good, full featured, functional.  But there are a few problems.  Firstly the games/applications in it are all demos that you get to play for around 60 seconds before they lock you out.  Don't get the phone because it has cool games on it.  The MP3 player and radio are decent though, and even the camera isn't bad for a cell phone camera.And then it dies.  I had mine 20 days and it developed software problems.  Now I'm out 18 dollars for an RMA to Sony's facility in Florida and without a phone for a couple of weeks.  I spoke to a guy in the local cingular store who mentioned they were trying to steer people away from the phone as it has software issues.  I mentioned it to a friend who works in a cell phone store.  He laughed and said I should have asked him before getting one. Apparently the screens die very quickly. I'd checked online for negative reviews and the phone didn't seem to have many.  I guess I didn't look hard enough.So at the moment I don't regret getting the phone.  It is a good phone, the price is right, and I may have been unlucky.  For the comments I heard though I'm not sure I'd make the same choice if I was starting over.  Reliability is a big issue with phones and something that this one may be lacking.

i love this phone and all its features BUT, my phone has to be plugged in daily or my battery goes kerplunk on me. even when i am not using the walkman!

I bought this phone from Cingular after using Motorola V400 for a year. Like many others, I was disillusioned with V400 and decided to switch tio a better one. The sound on this phone is very clear and is very audible. Those who have used V400 can appreciate the difference. The memory of 256 MB is good enough for my usage. The battery consumption is minimal. It reduces by 20% every day. The disappearing keypad is awesome and I can't believe how useful it is. As always, we can get more if we pay more money. But I gues, this is good enough for most people who just intend to talk.The only flipside is it is a bit heavier than many other phones. But that is acceptable.

I bought this phone 2 weeks back and was a happy Nokia 6610 user.This is an amazing all in one gadget with:- MP3 player and loud enough speaker too- FM Radio- 1.3Mp Digital camera- Large screen- Highspeed internet (I measured the speed to 110Kbps) and you can use the internet for a Laptop with bluetooth- Games (excellent selection too)- Speaker phone- Great themesand much moreThings that could be better are:- Tiny buttons on the keypad- Keys on the front are not much programable, especially the two keys on the front top that are only for games.  I could not figure how to setup a 1-touch button for my home number without opening up the phone.It took some learning to get used to the SonyEricsson user interface (Back and Clear buttons are 1 button in most other phones).  Also, I am not so much of a swivel fan.Great all-in-one gadget!!!!

I got this phone to replace my S710a when it had reached the end of its very useful life, and I have to say I'm impressed. I was a little skeptical at first and took me a while to settle on this phone, but I'm glad I did.Call quality/Reception: I'd like to address this first, because I previously bought a Cingular 8125 and I had to return it because of the incredibly horrible call quality. This is probably the most important thing for me in deciding on a phone and this phone has amazing call quality. I'm not a huge fan of headsets and this phone has clear, perfect sound during calls. Not only that, but the reception is great. I almost always have full bars(something I hadn't previously experience with Cingular) and I haven't had one dropped call.Screen: I honestly thought I was going to think it was too small, as it's definitely a bit smaller than the screen on the s710a but so far I have no complaints. The text is big and easy to read, pictures are easy to view. No problems here.Bluetooth/infrared: I haven't done much with these feature aside from using a bluetooth headset, but I didn't experience any problems with it. It was just easy as on the s710a and any other phone with this feature that I've had before. The infrared is also pretty easy to set up and use.Mp3 Player/sound: Oh. My. God. I honestly thought to myself before buying this phone, "Do I really need an mp3 player on my phone?" Of course not, but who cares? It sounds great. The sound that comes out of this thing is amazing, granted it's not exactly a speaker system, but it does a better job of this than you'd expect from a cell phone. Not only that, but I set song clips for all my ringtones and when people hear them they say "Is that your phone!?" Yes, it sounds that good.Radio: What a neat feature! I didn't think I'd use it too much, and I don't really, but it's just a cool feature to have. The times I've used it, I've had no problems picking up my favorite stations. While a lot of people might not use it, again, it's just nice to have that option when most other cell phones don't.Camera/Video: Yes, it's a camera on a phone. Even understanding this, the camera quality is a little disappointing. The camera on my s710a was also 1.3 megapixels and the pictures were much clearer. For some reason, pictures on this phone come out kind of grainy and sometimes blurry. I do love having the option to take pics and video with my camera though, that alone is great.Design: Love, love, love it! Could this phone be any cuter? But seriously, the swivel design is a very attractive one. Aside from that, it's not a thin, flimsy little thing. I've never been a fan of thin phones and I like that when you hold this one you can actually feel it in your hand. It feels sturdy, like it's not going to break easily and if it's anything like the s710a, it won't. The keypad is a little weird to get used to, but the buttons on the outside are very nicely placed and easy to push when you're getting a call at 3 am and have to feel around for your phone or when your alarm goes off and you want to press snooze 5 times without looking at it.Memory: Unfortunately, as many others have said, there's no room for expansion. I don't foresee this being a problem for me, but if you want more than 256mb it might be something to consider before buying this phone. But really, if you have an mp3 player like I do, you don't need to load this up with music.Overall, as a phone it's great. All the features definitely add to it, the design is stylish and functional, and I'm recommend this phone. The only real cons I see are the somewhat grainy pics(if you've had a 1.3mp camera phone before you might be disappointed) and the lack of room for expansion of memory.

Great phone, great features. I got it from Cingular as an upgrade to my T616. I had issues with one phone, so returned it and got another piece. The phone is great if you don't experiment with it like a software developer. The best part is, it comes with all the main accessories that you will need except for car charger.The software to connect to PC is a little flaky, it reboots the phone and sometimes the phones hangs in the process.But in general, great phone with great features packed.

I bought this phone in mid-july 06 and it was a great phone. I used it for about a week.Then I went to Los Angeles for 2 weeks and on the way back in the airplane I turned off the power. Then when I arrived at Oakland I tried to turn it on. The phone started up normally then It froze at the Sony Ericcon logo. I went to the cingular store to replace it and the couldnt. Then i tried to get a new one but it was discontinued, so it was out of stock.Do not get this phone! If you want to risk it, go ahead. But try to avoid this phone. Right now I am looking to buy the w800-and by the looks of it it is a way better phone.

First, the White Screen of Death Issue.  I had 3 units til instead of returning tp Cingular.  I sent it back to SONY.  NO more problems.  They flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine.  The WOD will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer.  However, wait 20 seconds and the phone reboots.Pro: Loud and easy to hear from.Con:  Buttons and keypad is hard to get use to.Pro:  The camera is fine for a phone cam.Con: Battery drain is bad, when you play the MP3 player.

this is a pretty fun phone; ive had it for about a week and am still learning the features.  this is one of sony ericssons first Walkman phones.  sound quality is much better than my old cell, and reception is great in the area i live in.  no dropped calls yet, or static noises.in addition to being able to take pics and video (1.3 megapixel is fun to play with, but overall grainy), u can load ur own mp4 video clips and watch them.  this eats the battery up, but is a fun distraction.  for example, i loaded a short clip of Enter the Dragon, the part where Bruce Lee completely ANNIHILATES about 30 guys in the span of about four minutes.the mp3 function is pretty handy as well, and the volume is good, especially with headphones.  u can also take video clips, and drag them into a video clip editor and make mini movies with transitions.  a music and photo editor are also available.  surprising for such a small device.to the reviewer that stated that u can only add one number to each contact, u can actually add several, as well as their email addresses, websites, and other information.  just edit the contact info and click on "more".  u can also assign a ringtone (or one of your own mp3's) and a picture to a contact, so u know who's calling you.the swivel design is kind of unique, and u can talk on the phone with it open or closed.  to dial a number u must have it open.the games function is cool too.  depending on the game, the w600i can be used vertically or horizontally to play its games.  there are two buttons (when held horizontally) that are dedicated just for gaming.if i had any gripes, its that the filing system is a bit hard to get a hold of.  when u are dropping files into the phone from ur computer, its hard to know where to put them to be able to access them later.  a little trial and error is needed, but i had fun learning it all.  also, the battery life has been pretty good, but as i stated, watching video eats it up.  and there is also no room for expanded memory, u are stuck with the given 256 MB.  also, the supplied headphones are kind of booty.  i ended up using my ipod headphones.overall, a pretty good phone.  it makes calls very well and has some nice extra features.  its been out for several months, so the price has dropped alot.

Honestly, this has been one of the best phones I have ever owned.My previous phones have all been flip phones, so I was worried about the transition to a swivel phone.  It wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be, and honestly I really only find myself regularly opening the phone when I access my voicemail.  It fits comfortably in the hand, but it is a bit uncomfortable to hold against your ear for long periods of time (I solved this by purchasing a bluetooth headset).  Sony Ericsson and Cingular do not currently have a phone holster, just phone covers with clips attached.  However, I was able to find a holster on Ebay that fits beautifully.  The screen has been very resilient - no scratches in the three months that I have had it.Features include text messaging, internet browsing, ringtones, games, camera/video, and best of all, MP3 player.  I had a blast modifying MP3s to personalize ringtones for all the people who call me most frequently.The battery life is decent, but not as great as some of the lengths I've heard about from other w600i users.  I charge my phone every other night.  The nice thing is that even on particular busy days the phone doesn't die before my day is over which is an issue I have encountered with other phones.Call quality is good on the hearing end, but I have had complaints that I sometimes sound like I am on a speakerphone or that the background noise is too much for the person on the other end.A few quibbles.  Even though I quickly became accustomed to the swivel open design, I still feel I would have preferred a slider.  Also, the internet button cannot be disabled which can lead to unwanted charges if you aren't vigilant about using the lock function.

One week into this phone. Takes some getting used to. Overall, it seems to be a very good phone. Speakerphone works great. Speakers are LOUD, great for noisier environments. FM radio is a neat feature and works very well. Screen is large and very readable. One drawback to phone is the connector for everything is on the bottom of phone and FM radio only works with the handsfree microphone plugged in, as the cord works as the antenna. I am using a Motorola HS-815 BT earpiece and cannot get voice-dialing to work. Voice-dialing works perfectly with the wired microphone. Reading forums, voice-dialing with BT earsets seems to be an issue with the W600i, as you must record through the phone's microphone and apparently your voice commands "sound" different when going through the BT microphone/earpiece. So I am searching for a BT earset that actually works with this phone. If BT voice-dialing isn't important to you, don't worry about it. I've heard a lot of people complain about the Cingular web connection button on the phone, which is indeed easy to set off. It costs you 6 cents everytime you set it off (or so I've heard). It takes some getting used to, but you just have to get used to sliding the "lock" button to lock the phone before putting into your pocket or carry case. You cannot deactivate that button, but you can lock the phone to avoid accidental connections. You just have to hit that sliding lock button when you go to handle the phone again before you can do anything. Again, takes a little getting used to. I know that if I can get a BT earset to voice dial/answer properly, there won't be much need to handle the phone unless you really need to for accessing menus and features, etc... With lots of memory space (256MB) and USB/Bluetooth connectivity, it serves as a thumb drive and can hold lots of MP3s (with great sound) if you're into that. I think the phone is good, but I suspect that some people just aren't going to like its quirks.  Like when you twist the screen to access the keypad, the image on the screen gets upside down. the technology exists to automatically rotate the screen image so that it is always oriented properly. Surely Sony knows how to do that. It sure would have been nice on this phone, given the way you have to open it. It would have been better if they just made it a "slider" as opposed to a "rotater". These are some of the reasons why I say it's not for everybody. All I can say is that if you are considering this phone, play with it at the store extensively and make sure you can live with it. Make sure the features that are most important to you work the way you want or expect that they should, especially if you're not a new customer (getting it for cheap) and are paying upwards of $250 for it. The bluetooth voice-dialing issue has got me upset and if I can't get it resolved with the correct earpiece, I'm going to be upset. I'll probably dump the phone, despite the many features I love about it. So hopefully I'll find a forum where someone has found and verified a BT headset that works with it. Unfortunately, these are the kind of things you seldom find out before you buy. So it pays to search and search and read reviews and read forum discussion about any phone you are considering. Just offering food for thought. I hope this helps someone in their decision. Lots of great things about this phone. Just make sure you can live with the quirks. This style of phone just handles differently than the typical clamshell "flip" phone and takes getting used to. Do your homework and don't be too quick to buy anything until you are sure. Good luck.

Amidst the sea of silver camera phones, the W600i really separates itself with style and functionality.The speakers on the phone are really loud if you want them to be, so you can hear the music on the phone clearly.  The headphones and mic that were included are also high quality and sound great.  The screen is bright and clear.  It's small enough to fit in my pocket and not bother me too much.  The keypad buttons feel good and have a nice 'click' to them.The menu system is very intuitive so you don't feel like you need to read the manual to understand how to use all the features.  Sony has thought of the small things with this phone, like the ability to set recurring alarms for any day(s) of the week you choose.  The menus and graphics look beautiful on the screen.  I've already gotten a number of compliments on it.This is really a great all-around phone.  I'm glad I waited to purchase a phone that has a lot more than a low-quality camera and a slick silver case.

I just bought the Sony Ericsson W600i phone on June 8th.  I charged the phone last night (battery only last for 12-15 hours). I woke up this morning and went to turn on my phone and boom "The White Screen of Death".  I called Cingular and they gave me their warranty dept. number because there was nothing technical support could do. I have now been on hold with technical support for 15 minutes and plan on waiting so I can talk to someone.  From what I read the only thing to do when you have the "White Screen of Death" is to exchange it for a new one.

I only purchased this phone because Cingular did not carry the new RAZR with the MP3 player and 1.3 megapizel camera so I had to settle for this one.  The swivel to use the keypad is awful, no one can ever hear me when talking, (even when I use the Motorola H700 Bluetooth headset), photos taken on a regular megapixel camera phone are better than the 1.3 provided here, can't listen to MP3 thru bluetooth, photos stored on phone often become corrupted for no reason at all, all photos disappear occassionally and I have to turn phone off and back on, too bulky and heavy, battery at times drains after only an hour even without any use, reception very poor and often have to stand in wide open areas.  Overall, I am very disappointed with this phone and only wish my contract would allow me to trade it in.  I am a gadget junkie and the reviews on CNET led me to purchase this phone but I truly now regret it.  Go with the new Motorola RAZR with the 1.3 camera and the MP3 player, same features in a nice slim package.

I have a camera and an IPOD, but who wants to carry around everything all the time?  So I bought this phone to lighten my load and have been very happy with it for what it is.  My only complaint is the side buttons.  I often push one or the other by accident, or when I am twisting the phone to open it.  I have accidently connected to the internet several times.  And compared to the flip phone I used to have, or the push up one my son has, the twist style is harder to open one handed.  I got a good deal it on ebay, already had a cingular contract.  Saved a bundle and didn't have to sign up for two more years.

Was researching for a phone since last July and finaly settled for W600 in Nov2005.  I've still not seen a phone with an interface close to this one.  I just love it.  I used to carry my phone, MP3 player and blackberry.  Now its just my phone and blackberry (bb from work cannot integrate personal phone.  Yes it sucks).I used to hate the first sony erricson i owned about a few of years back.  The interface sucked big time.  And this one has come a long way and it beats anything I've seen so far.The most important thing I was looking in a phone was the MP3 integration and fm radio.  This phone does it very well.  When you are listening to MP3 or radio you can make or recieve calls without any hassle.  Just dial or pick up the call, the audio pauses, and when the call is disconnected it starts where it stopped automatically.  It has hard button play/pause and volume control on the side of the phone.  So you don't have to use the software interface all the time.Though the handsfree/stero headset comes with SE's own adapter, it splits at the microphone.  They have provided a standard interface at this point.  So I was able to pull the headphones out and stick a cassete adapter and use the MP3 player in my car.  And when I'm on a call, I can talk on the microphone and use my car speakers to listen.One other cool thing is the video.  I was able to convert the first season of Battle star galactica from DIVX to 3gp format and  i watched the full season on my w600, of course only 2 episode at a time.  It was about 70-80 MB for each episode.  The battery life even after watching about 2 hours of video was only less than 25% down.Though I'm not a big Gamer, I liked the few demo games that comes along.Then why 4 stars?  A few gripes:1. The video watching experience is not the same as listening to audio.  If a call interupts the video then you need to start from the beginning.  It would have been ok if the ff had helped.  This has only 1 speed ff, which roughly takes about 5 sec for 1 min.2. The space limitation of course.  I know the later model supports expandable memory, but it was not free.3. FM reception was ok.  You really need a strong signal.Other than that I love my phone, I strongly recommend.

I did a lot of research on phones before finally settling on the W600i phone. I really didn't need an MP3 player as I usually carry a PDA with me as well, but the features on this phone were just too good to pass up. I considered a Motorola RAZR but saw a lot of complaints about battery life. Well, no problems here! I've previously been using a SE T616 which had superb battery life, and this phone is equally as good. Which is certainly important if you do plan to use it as a music player.First things first...entering phone numbers. So tedious on most phones, and something I always dread. Thankfully, the W600i came with software to sync with Outlook. It took me a little while to figure out the syncing software. When you hook the phone up to USB, it can go into phone mode or file mode and for some reason the software always tells me it can't find the phone if it is in file mode. So to sync, I had to put it in phone mode. Turns out file mode was used only for transferring MP3s. Still tells me it can't find the phone, yet the transfer did work! Sometimes when I plug it in, my computer won't see it without rebooting, which cost me a lot of time and aggravation trying to figure out as well. So somewhat annoying implementation here, but such a time saver, and something I've never had before at all with a phone, so it's hard to gripe. I usually don't bother to put appointments and tasks on my cell phone, but since they just sync with Outlook, now that's easy to do as well. This may not be a SmartPhone, but it could replace a PDA for casual users.The MP3 player is decent enough. Sound quality was much better than I expected. Then I tried the built-in FM radio. Wow, awesome reception here! The cord acts as an antennae so you have to be sure to unwind it for best results, but considering how far from the stations I am, I was quite impressed with how nice it sounded. Some simple equalizer settings, nothing special. Only gripe would be the lack of an external memory card, there's certainly room for one so it should have been added. I guess Sony's proprietary Memory Stick would be large to squeeze in, so rather than add a SD slot, they just left it out completely. Booo to that.Phone data features worked great. I got even better reception on the W600i than my T616 and now also have Edge. Had no problems using Bluetooth to connect up to my PDA and laptop, and speeds were pretty nice. The Media Net services worked fast and there were some nice demo services included as well. Not sure I will pay for these but definitely worth considering.Camera is better than most cell phone cameras I have used, but still nothing great. The pseudo-flash is at least an attempt to improve indoor shots but any real camera still beats the pants off it. You can even use the little flash-light as an SOS beacon if you get lost. ;-) Even better is the image import included with the PC software. Was nice to easily copy over GOOD photos to use for my contacts.To use the keypad, you have to swivel the back of the camera down. It makes a cool little sound and lights up, but it's not the easiest motion to do one-handed and will also make getting a decent playthrough case a lot harder than other phones. The buttons are easy to press though, an improvement over my old T616. There are also a couple buttons at the top of the screen that confused me as to their function (of course, I don't bother with manuals!) I did figure out that they were used when playing games in landscape mode. Neat idea. There were a couple bugs in the OS as well. When using voice dial, an misrecognized command results in a really weird and annoying sound coming from the phone. And the voice command symbols in the address book are very buggy...appearing and disappearing from the contacts that don't have them. Hopefully a phone firmware upgrade will fix these.This is the first cell phone I've had with a real speakerphone. You really can use it without having to hold it up to your ear...assuming you are someplace it won't disturb other users. You can play music through the speaker as well, and use those MP3s as alarms and phone sounds, so lots of things to play with here. For some reason a lot of the phone tones you can buy through Cingular are not available for this phone yet, but hopefully they will get those working soon. I also had trouble downloading a couple games I purchased.Some users have reported issues with using bluetooth headsets, particularly with voice control. I'm not a fan of having another device I have to charge all the time, so I prefer using a regular handfree. And this phone actually comes with one for free! The headphones double as a handsfree headset in addition to the FM antennae, so it's well worth carrying and using over a bluetooth headset, IMO.I was able to get both my PDA and my laptop to pair up with it and use it as a modem for internet connection, although my laptop was a bit flaky and did require a bluetooth upgrade and reboot to get it working. Great speed difference with the Edge network! According to Windows, I was getting 400Kbps, with my old phone it was usually around 100Kbps. The phone has a nice "E" symbol that tells you when you are on Edge, and "G" for regular GPRS. Even in my house out here in the country I am able to get Edge, which was a pleasant surprise. I haven't traveled much yet, but it looks like they already have pretty good coverage, and metro areas in particular shouldn't be an issue.So, this may not be the smallest, lightest phone out there. There are definitely some issues like the weird swivel design, voice dial bugs and lack of memory card support that may be cause for complaint. But if your priorities are a phone with great battery life, excellent reception, Edge and bluetooth, and easy to use, this one should definitely be at the top of your list. If you don't already have  a portable MP3/FM player, I don't see how you could even consider anything else! I've yet to find the perfect phone, but this one comes so close to it and is so much better than the other phones I've had, I have to give it 5 stars.

I have this phone for 2 months and I never had any problem. Only issue was hitting internet button accidentally and getting connected without even noticing. I figured I am not going to use it so I called Cingular and asked them to disable this feature for me. Now the problem is gone.

I rate this phone 4 out of 5.  It has good resolution on the screen and the camera is very good for a phone (1.3 Mpix).  There is a 2 and 4 power zoom but you have to have the image set to small on the screen to use it.  The zoom (I suspect) is a digital zoom and on 4X it is difficult to hold the camera still enough to get a clear picture.  The camera funtion has other good options like night setting, flash, burst (4 pictures taken in quick succession), panorama, frames, timer, digital effects like sepia and solarize, date and time stamp and others I have not yet played with.  It will also shoot video which is fairly good quality.  The Internet funtions are good with shopping sites, Instant messaging, and downloadable games.  while some might think the file management makes it cumbersome to get from one funtion to the next I have found the programable shotcut keys make it very streamlined.  I have seen reviews say that the twisting action used to open the keypad is inconvinient because it makes the keypad upside down when opened.  My emediate reaction when I got my phone was to twist the back instead of the front putting the keypad in the right postion every time.  One more function I really likes was the walkman.  It is easy to load MP3's and play them, however there is not a lot of memory and no place for a memory stick ect.SO I liked the phone alot and the features on it are really good.  I would just like to see an optical zoom if possible and more or expandable memory.  Other than that this is an excellent phone and will please the gamer/shutterbug/internet junkie/ musical freak in you or your loved one.

Perhaps Sony Ericsson (SE) wanted to tread the middle groundwith this phone in terms of features but still ended up makingthe W600i an excellent product.It is an all too common strategy with consumer electronics.Companies clearly don't want to impact sales of higher endmodels and yet offer something firmly above the "value" or"entry level" segments.For example, more expensive phones have expandable storage-the W600i doesn't- you get only around 222 MB of user accessiblefixed storage. The SE K750i gives you 2 MP (mega pixels)and autofocus. The W600i has 1.3 MP and a fixed focus. Thenthere are phones that try to have either clever form factorsor flashy packaging. The W600i certainly looks cool and hasa swivelling keypad but it probably won't win any awards forits looks.Whats really exceptional is that SE managed to pack so manygood features into this phone. The combination of its musicfeatures, a regular digicam form factor camera, even a FMradio and excellent connectivity via Bluetooth, IR, USB2.0 and Quad Band GSM are features rarely seen together atthis price point. (Price refers to the unlocked version.)Whats not so great : Definately the keypad. It takes somegetting used to for anyone but if you happen to have bigfingers its nearly impossible to use. It doesn't help thatthe buttons are awkwardly placed and are close to each other.And thats assuming you don't mind the unique swivellingaccess to the keypad in the first place.Everything considered- an excellent all-in-one phone and Ihave no hesitation in giving it 5 stars.

I bought W600i a month ago based on the technical specs and online reviews. I was excited about having the same device that would serve as my phone, MP3 player and organizer. After trying it out, I  regretably had to return it and settle for RAZR phone and headphones with built-in MP3 player. Here is a list of pros and cons:PROS- Combines MP3 player and cell phone- Nice stereo quality and more memory then most other models- Good battary life- Cool design and multiple face covers- Easy to navigate powerful softwareCONS- Larger and heavier then most other modern phones- Voice recognition is exremely poor to the point of not being usable; defeats the purpose of bluetooth and not having to use the dial pad- Swivel design makes it hard to open and close with one hand and to dial numbers- Large external display is fragile and can break- Not enough memory to be a real MP3 player and it's not extendable- FM radio could not tune into any stations (maybe unless you are standing right under the antenna)- Included headphones are uncomfortable and do not stay in the ears- You can not use your own headphones because the phone doesn't have a stanard 3-mm headphone jack- Camera produces poor grainy imagesI hope to try the next model of this phone or another phone that will combine the features I'm looking for with small size and extensibility.

The walkman is good better than expected, i have already downloaded song to the phone.  Saved money by not purchasing a separate mp3 player.  Speakerphone sounds good, I dont have to hold up to mouth like other phones i have had.  The only setback is the exposed 24/7 screen but i can deal with that.

It is a rather nice phone, but after 6 months, the screws holding the faceplate to the swivel arm have come out.  I don't want a phone that I need to rubberband to keep together.

My experience w/ Amazon has been good. I order from their website got my purchase in 3 days.I just got this phone 2 days ago and I don't know why people are complaining about. This phone is perfect they must not know how to read directions on how to use this phone. All this about white screen,turning off, small keypad is STUPID.  People like to complain to much. Ever single aspect of the phone is great I really recommend this phone if you like to have FUN!!!! It has neat features in the picture mode.Great sound and speakerphone I am truly happy....

I got this phone about a week ago and it is awesome.  The internal memory is just enough to hold a good amount of music and still take plenty of pictures and video clips.  I just upgraded from a Motorola v551 and the SonyEricsson is superior to the Motorola in any category.  This phone gets better reception, has a louder ring, better and more sharp display, double the pixels in the camera, great mp3 player with incredibly LOUD stereo speakers built into the phone.  Some other nice touches on the phone are the interchangable faceplates, the built in radio, included USB cable for file transfers, very easy to use computer interface, and just a great sleak design.  I've had a lot of cell phones over the iyears but this one is by far the nicest.  Even nicer than my sister's RAZR.  If you can spring for the pricetag I would highly recommend the phone.  Takes awesome pictures.

Stylish phone with lot of features. Sound quality is good, the music player is great too. Long lasting battery.. much better than what i had got with Razr (which was eventually replaced by w600). I would say its a good buy.

I've had this phone for a little over a year and it has been great. I did have a little problem when I first got it: when it would ring on vibrate it would continue even after I answered. The vibrating wouldn't stop until I would restart it. Exchanged it and this one has been working great.I have dropped the phone a billion times and now is starting to physically deteriorate but the functions are still fine.The speakers are great for both talking on and off speaker and listening to music.This phone holds so much memory it's amazing. I've had up to 90 songs and 70 pictures at the same time and I still had space without the need of a bigger memory card. The MP3 is great I just couldn't figure out if it is was possible to label the disc to phone songs, once on the phone.None of the pics have ever gone corrupted on my phone. I don't know what's going on with that other person. probably virus from downloading online music and other media. As for the person who said the music would go on because of the walkman button being pressed, there is a lock switch on the side which takes a while to figure out but will solve that.Also, it comes with all the cables necessary for the MP3 player usage: USB and multi use headset. Other MP3 player phones don't come with these as a company scam to make more money off the customer.May not be flat like the razor but it does much more and opens up like no other phone.Overall great phone, I love it. I'm getting sad because I may need to upgrade soon (physical damage, droped it while riding my bike and a million other times just being clumsy...oops). I'm not sure if true, but the insurance company for cingular told me it was discontinued.

I have had a hard time finding a phone that I really like, but with the w600 I have actually succeeded.  As a previous reviewer said, it comes loaded with features, and for the most part they're very functional and easy to use.One of the major functions for this walkman phone is obviously music.  It comes with a cd which lets you load transfer software onto your computer (I've got a pc, so I don't know how/if it works for macs) and then very simply transfer music files.  It is slightly annoying that it can't just sync with one of the more common music programs out there, like iTunes or WinMP, but the interface is simple and fairly fast.  Once your music is on the phone, you can arrange it into playlists or play it by artist or by album, all of which is simple to do.  The major irritant with the music functionality is the limited memory.  The phone has 256k of memory included, which serves for music, pictures AND video.  so you can't put too many songs onto it if you have any intention of taking pictures or video with the onboard camera, and there is no way to upgrade the memory- i've got 36 songs on there, leaving 100k free.  I am consistently confused as to why cell phones that are designed to play music, like this and the ROKR, have such limited memory, it seems like a major design flaw.  (there is a memory card in sony ericsson's similar walkman model, the w800, but you can only buy that unlocked at the moment)The camera is similarly simple and easy to use, and has really nice picture quality for a phone.  not only can you change the picture quality and zoom (but only in the lower two picture quality settings), you can also set it to take pictures in several different styles (including black and white, negative, and sepia toned), as well as setting it to take a burst of several pictures rapidly or to join several pictures into a panorama shot, and changing the white balance to accommodate for several different lighting conditions.  The camera is obviously only 1.3 mega-pixel, which is well below the top of the line in digital cameras, but is much better than most other camera phones.  and I love that it has a little mirror below the lens so you can figure out where your head is in relation to the lens while taking a self-portrait- every camera should have this!The video is also easy to use, just one simple change in the camera settings and off you go.  This can also be done in two quality levels, and the top level is very nice for a phone.  I read somewhere that you can only record for a minute at a time, but I've gone over that, so I think the only limit is the (admittedly small) memory.I'm not much of a gamer, so I haven't really explored that area, but in my brief look I did notice that you have to unlock the games in some way, which appears to be buying the 'complete version'- this seems kind of cheap to me, that they couldn't even put a simple game of tetris on the phone to begin with, but as I say, I haven't really explored so I could be mistaken.The phone features are also well put together- it's not intuitive to assign individual ringtones and pictures to your contacts, but it's not too difficult to figure out either- it just requires a quick look in the manual.  Similarly, programming speed dial and voice dialing is easy to do once you've checked the manual.  On the whole, the menu system is not very intuitively organized, so it can be difficult to deal with at first, but once you've figured out how it works it's easy to deal with.  There are almost no ringtones that come with, but they are easy to get these days, and it is also very simple to set the songs from the music player as ringtones.  The calendar doesn't have a feature to make repeated events easy to schedule, but since it can be synched with outlook that's probably not a big deal unless you don't use outlook (like me!).  There is a functionality to transfer all of your contacts either to or from your sim card, which means you don't have to type them twice (yay!), and the phone address book allows up to four numbers per contact entry (although you do have to name them 'mobile', 'home', 'work', and 'other', which doesn't always align with reality).The sound quality, both during phone calls and when playing music, is really incredible- and the included earphones are great!  it is also nice that you can switch the included earphones for any others you want by plugging it in to the hands free speaker, making any headphones into a handsfree set.  as another reviewer mentioned, it is annoying that you can't listen on the headphones and charge at the same time, and the little rubber plug cover does get in the way when you're plugging things in, but it is nice to know that dust isn't going to be interfering with your charging later on.  I like the swivel open system, although I do wonder what will happen if it gets dropped while open, because there's no simple way to close like for flip phones- while the mechanism is pretty sturdy, it seems like it would be a little easier to break than some other designs.  I also like the loop antenna, because it gets better reception than the internal antennas I've had in the past, without the danger of breaking off of the normal antennas, AND with the ability to hang it from something if you want to.  It's a little heavier than other phones because of the higher quality camera stuff, but I think it's completely worth it.  It's also nice that the cover can be changed so it doesn't HAVE to be orange- it comes with a black face-plate too.So overall, I love this phone- it works great for me as a phone with great extras.  It will never replace your mp3 player without more memory (and WHY they haven't started using larger flash drives in phones is, again, a mystery to me), and it won't replace your digital camera quite yet, but it's really great for those times when you want a little music but you only have your phone, or when you just HAVE to take a picture but don't have your camera.pros:*really high quality camera for a phone*easy music system*again, really high quality video for a phone*easy to connect with computer for music or to sync data*works well as a phone--good reception (in a place where most phones don't)-good volume level (and ability to change it)-simple to make and receive calls and messages-easy to customize different contactscons:*memory is not upgradeable so music play, camera and video recording limited*doesn't appear to come with ANY free games fully loaded*included software for transfer is a little annoying- it would be much better just to be able to use stuff we already have.

So far, after 4 days with it, I like it very much. This is a very good phone. It also tries to do many other things, and is fairly successful at some. My primary needs were: reception, battery life, and reliability/build quality. My secondary "wants" were Organizer, FM radio, and camera. The rest of the features the w600 has fit into the "That's nice" category.As a Phone -- RECEPTION: compared to my call-dropping Motorola T720, the W600 has great reception in and out of the house in Madison, WI. I haven't been out of the city to test it though. BATTERY LIFE: So far, even with heavy play (Bluetooth transfers, FM radio and mp3 play) the battery life is impressive. RELIABILITY: The build quality seems good. I'm concerned about the swivel design, the exposed screen, and the charge/data/headphone plug since I had such horrible experience with Motorola's similar design. Why doesn't Sony use a USB jack? Or a standard headphone jack? It seems to me that those are both well-proven designs. RINGTONES: The included ringtones are not to my liking (they suck), but I love making ringtones in GarageBand. I wish it had a "Vibe then Ring" option so I could feel it ring, but hear it if I didn't feel it. I worked around it by making a ring in GarageBand that begins with 10 seconds of silence though.  MEDIANET: Many complain about the MediaNet button getting pressed accidently. I wish it were customizable. I ended up disabling it by removing services. If I ever do choose to enable services and cannot disable that button, I will probably super glue it up so I don't press it accidently. However, you can also use the lock slider to lock it from connecting, or set the keys to lock automatically in 10 seconds. MISC: I like the ability to customize with themes, but wish there were more information (and customizable) on the screen besides the time.ORGANIZER: It syncs smoothly with my Mac with Bluetooth and USB (thanks to the iSync plugin that some wonderful person made). Bravo! It is easy and intuitive to set a one-time or recurrent alarm, and the Alarms are loud. Adding entries is not difficult -- except that the swivel design puts the keypad at a lower level than the screen, which makes it hard for me to use. And I agree with others that the recessed design of number keys make them hard to use without a lot of attention to the task. FM RADIO: I was worried about the reception of the radio. I like to listen to NPR more than mp3s, so I've been looking for a good radio radio rather than an iPod. The reception is great -- better than many other radios I've tried. The interface is very well designed and intuitive. My only complaint is the connection/plug -- why oh why not a standard headphone jack? I understand that it's needed for an antenna, and am fine with the little extension bit (also a mic for the voice recorder?), but it adds unneeded bulk. And I'd like to use BT headpiece for FM listening -- can I do that if I have the antenna part in? Haven't tried it yet. CAMERA: 1.3 MP is not bad. The video is fair enough (for a phone), and sound is adequate. Controls are a bit strange still -- maybe I'll get used to them.OTHER: An unexpected bonus is the LED flashlight. I wish it were easier to quickly use though, in fact I wish it were easier to move between all the functions: phone/camera/radio/mp3/flashlight. I ended up setting it up as a shortcut, but shortcut keys are rare and precious. I'd love a hack to make the MediaNet key a momentary light switch. WALKMAN: The mp3s are fairly easy to transfer (but not from iTunes), although the Sony software isn't Mac compatible. I haven't figured out how to get the Artist/Album/etc. tags to work right, but haven't spent any time trying to do so.DESIGN/FEEL: I think I'd like the w800, or a flip-phone version of this. I like the orange and the texture of the case. The loop antenna is kind of cool to me. The speakers are loud and clear -- maybe too clear, as it sometimes sounds like static (is voice communication sound controlled by the mp3 player's equalizer? If so, maybe I can adjust that). The volume button toggle switch doesn't respond tactile-ly enough, and I hit it accidently when I squeeze to press the radio button on the other side. The voice dial is *very* difficult to figure out, and tells me to "say the name after the tone" but never gives me a tone unless I have the headphones on. Even with the headphones, it took many tries to get the voice names entered in.OVERALL: It's a good device. I like it. I hope SE refines it, and makes a flip version to better protect the screen, and offer easier access to the keypad.

Simply put, this is one of those phones that will cause a few "ooohs" and "ahhhs" when people see it. Firstly, the overall design is most impressive. The phone, though a bit thick, is probably smaller than you would imagine (this is definitely a good thing, though the screen size is probably smaller than you would have initially thought as well). The phone feels very solid and the swivel function, though somewhat annoying to operate one handedly, allows for the overall look of the device to be very flashy. The screen is bright and very easy to read, and the front of the phone is VERY intuitively designed; if you wanted to, you would only have to open the phone to put in a number or text someone, everything else can be done through the buttons on the face (made MUCH easier by designating up to four shortcuts).You do not have to open the phone to answer or make calls, and the buttons on the side aid in the walkman function. Dedicated volume buttons on one side (which, when held, also skips to the next track- very nice), and one button on the other side to begin playback at any point; you do not have to go through menus to begin playing music. I have found the radio to be decent, but I receive poor reception, especially when walking (you also MUST have the headphone jacked plugged in to listen to the radio as it acts as an antenna). Music can be played at any point, even while playing a game, and the external speakers are VERY L O U D; very cool. Reception is good, and the speaker phone is great, though oddly enough I have found it to be a bit low; perhaps it's just me. The included headphones are actually very good, and this is great because included with them is a handsfree, so you can be listening to music, get a call, answer by touching the single button on the handsfree, then hang up with the same button, and music will pick up where it left off when the call was received, and this is awesome.Battery life is supposedly fantastic, though it has not been so great for me; I think this is due to receiving poor reception in my home, so the phone constantly searches for a signal, draining the battery faster. If you have large hands like me, the keypad will not be your best friend as it is rather tiny, though manageable. Do not buy this phone for the camera as it is not a good camera; remember that the camera function is secondary (1.3 mega pixels after all). That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well. The lack of expandable memory really does hurt, but this is acceptable as 256 megs is a decent size, especially if you encode mp3s at a lower bitrate (anything less than 96kbps is very poor though). Volume with headphones is low; if you want to jack it up, manually adjust the equalizer to max settings and you will get a significant volume boost.Overall, a FANTASTIC phone, highly recommended, 4  stars. (sorry for the length)

I've had this phone for about 3 months and so far it's been great. The phone functionality is great! I get good reception in areas where I had spotty reception on my old phone. The only caveat is that you can block the reception with your hand accidentally. The speakerphone is LOUD if you want it to be.The camera is okay, but still nowhere near the quality of a dedicated digital camera. There's quite a bit of noise in anything other than sunlight conditions.The MP3 player is great, but there is a slight background hiss, which I probably would not have noticed if the earbuds weren't so good. The call handling while listening to music works well, pausing the player and letting you answer the call via the included headset mic.There were a few bugs when I first got it. Voice commands didn't always work and the address book showed that most entries had voice commands recorded when they didn't. That was all corrected by an update from Sony Ericsson to the newest firmware. Just look up Sony Ericsson Update Service on the net and follow the instructions. I've heard this also helps avoid the dreaded White Screen of Death problem.Pros:- Great call quality- Neat extras- Speakerphone is niceCons:- Camera a bit grainy.- Slight MP3 hiss.- No expansion slot.Overall it's made me very happy.

CRAP BATTERYLike others have said here, battery life on my phone is about 2 days on standby or 2 hours if I talk on the phone.  So, camera, radio, mp3 player - none of that matters because you'll never have enough juice to run the thing more than a half hour. NEVER TAKE THE W600i ON VACATION because no one will be able to get in touch with you if you're out and about.Additionally, the power cord socket for this phone is really strange so you'll never find a universal adapter that fits to power it up from multiple locations like your car or office.  You'll have to take the flimsy power cord with you everywhere and keep the phone plugged in all the time.OBNOXIOUS BUTTONSThe phone makers were obviously instructed to put some money-maker buttons on this phone.  One connects you to the Internet on accident all the time, racking up fees . . . the other turns on the Walkman MP3 player and its awful auto-load music at all the wrong times.  You can disable the Internet button but you can't disable the Walkman thing.  It always comes on.HUGE PHONEThe phone is too big. Can't fit it in your pocket.  You're expected to put it on a lanyard and wear it around your neck because you're an adventure hippy and you climb mountains every day.SWIVEL ACTIONIt's pretty awkward.  I'd go with clamshell, slider, or candybar over this any day.BONUSESEverything else is fine!  Hahaha!

This phone is great!, the top best parts are:1.Theres a flash for the camera!2.it plays music and radio!3.looks cool4.good games(not really my thing)5.excellent calling qualitybad parts:1. a little bigI suggest you go to cingular and get a plan becuase then this phone is only 100$.

I recieved my w600i about 2.5 weeks ago.  Here are my first impressions.  In general, the phone has worked very well.  When I was looking for a phone, I wanted good reception and something that has fm radio, so all other features were only "icing on the cake".  My two requirements were fulfilled.Pros:*Great reception/volume*Clear/vivid screen*Nice button layout, large enough to press easily*FM radio works beautifully*Very customizable and fairly intuitive operation*Successfully installed new games (although they are quite boring, but that's not the fault of the phone)Cons:*Games provided are only demos*256 mb is not much space, especially when considering the cost of flash these days*Poorly situated "media net" button forces you to lock the phone so you don't accidentally hit this button and waste money*When operating camera, phone must be in "closed" position*Cannot recieve calls when loading the phone w/ game/data/songs*Reading cases of software issues online has made me cautious of doing some things on phone (e.g., loading themes), so I haven't been able to mess around with the phone as much as I'd like to.Update: Another week has passed, I've added a few themes and I have no issues so far.  I'm not sure exactly what the cause of the software issue is (if particular themes/games are causing people trouble or what).  I have heard rumour that it may be related to the provided software cd, so I've just been using the phone as a drive (just hook it up and windows will recognize it as an external drive).  Hope that helps.

So much has been said by the other reviewers that I risk duplicating all the good stuff. I haven't had any problems whatsoever and belive that this phone rocks! The buttons are easy to use and user interface is awesome. Great camera, speaker phone, and video. I love the on-board Walkman and the fact that you can use any song as a ringtone, or any picture as wallpaper/screensaver. Great battery life also.

I bought this cell with cingular service.... the phone with vibrant orange  also comes with extra style cover (Universal blue) . if you dont like the orange you can change it. I think it is perfectly a walkman phone with good sound quality. It has got very good speakers  the sound is very loud, compared with samsung model which has almost same features. the photo quality is also good( when you think interms of a cellphone).It has got good radio too. The  drawbacks of this phone are it doesn't have extended memory slot , and also the numbers keypad is very small it is not convenient if your fingers are little big ;-)Overall I think it is a good phone if you are getting for free.

i love this phone... i do agree it is fully loaded but i have complaints... the camera blows big time... and for some reason i can only hold upto 30 songs... anyone know how to expand this memory if u do.. please help me... overall its a damn good phone...

I've owned quite a few cell phones and used quite a few cells of other peoples, too. I can say, without a doubt, this is the best designed phone of its day, in my opinion. It has a certain balance that flip phones don't, as well as the proper angle to tuck it under the head when talking and doing something else. I have now owned four of them, they seem to be pretty reliable.That being said, the way the phones saves and retrieves numbers from the SIM card seems to change from version of software to version of software, creating serious problems like redundant creation and deletion of certain names. If you don't have to rely on the SIM chip for number storage and retrieval, this won't be an issue. Other than that, the software, the menus, the speed of response is all excellent. Sony Ericsson has improved dramatically.Oh, Sony-Ericsson, please bring the rotators back! We promise not to try and close them the wrong way and break them!

This is a very cool phone.  I upgraded from a pathetic old Motorola phone with just the basics so I was thrilled at the idea of getting a new phone with lots of bells and whistles.....which this has For Sure.My review can only be based on a short period so I qualify all my comments with the fact that I have not yet fully had the opportunity to give this phone a chance......Yet.I did lots of research on this phone before buying it...as I suggest you do as well.  A lot of it was Very positive with just a few minor negatives that I could live with considering all that it did and how much I liked the design.  I stopped dead in my tracks however when I read of "The White Screen of Death" or WSD.  Now granted, all new products have their glitches and only a very very small portion of the reviews I read even contained the dreaded WSD reference.  The few that did were daunting though.  Knowing the possibility of encountering the WSD, I still went ahead and ordered the phone thru Cingular.  It arrived and was beautiful and I immediately began using it.  The usual, transferring all phone numbers, settings, this, that, the other....... I was LOVING my new phone and showing it to all my friends who were envious.My phone arrived on a Tuesday and I spent a few days setting it up and enjoying the different features, most of which I never got to touch.  I installed the software on my computer and connected the phone as instructed (ALWAYS read instructions to the T!!) and things were working fine.  That was Saturday night.  I plugged the phone it to recharge overnight and on Sunday morning I woke up, turned on the phone, watched it turn on as normal...................then FREEZE.  I thought, Ok, this is just a matter of powering down and restarting, etc.  I went back online to read my reviews I had bookmarked about the WSD and to my horror, read that this was the beginning stages....like cancer.  I then went to my phone to continue to shut it down to reboot and BAM!!, THE WHITE SCREEN OF DEATH.  I had the phone less than 96 hours and it was completely useless.  I tried Everything.  Once you see the WSD.....pls take my word for it and don't waste your precious time trying.  It's dead.  DEAD.Now I have been having problems with Cingular for quite a while.  My last Motorola phone had to be replaced after a few months because the camera broke.  I called and they said they would send me out a new phone.  Great.  I then realized I lost all the settings, photos, data, etc...except for address book.  My solution was to send all my photos to my laptop and then email them back to my new phone once I switched over.  It was Incredibly time consuming, not to mention expensive. To Cingular's credit, I did call them and make them aware of all the data costs that I was incurring due to having to manually do all this transferring and when I suggested they credit my account they were happy to do so.  Aside from losing hours of my precious time, I thankfully incurred no financial loss.So, fearing the worst, I called Cingular on Sunday when the WSD appeared.  Bad idea.  Cingular customer service is open only Monday thru Friday for specific hours and closed on the weekends!!  What company in the year 2006 does not have 24 hour customer service???  That is ABSOLUTELY ABSURD.  I found a local Cingular store that was open on Sunday's and went there.  They, of course, could do nothing for me since I purchased the phone "online" and that they were a retail store so couldn't do anything for me.  Now, correct if I am wrong.  We are talking about the same company, right?  Same entity, same commercials, same shareholders, same B.O.D, etc?  Of course they couldn't help me......how silly of me to think that the company I bought the phone from could assist me.....silly silly me.Fast forward to today.  I got CS at Cingular and told them my problem (actually, their problem), my incovenience.  They were very pleasant and helpful and suggested I send the phone back and they would replace it free of charge....how nice of them.  I asked when I would receive my new phone and they said...."as soon as we receive the old phone, we will process your order for a replacement".  Process?  Receive my old phone?  I lost it.After a very brief, but VERY persuasive discussion with them where legal liability was concerned, I was assured my new phone would be shipped the next day and would be fed-exed to me overnight.  I should have it in 1-2 business days.  I did conceed to the stipulation that they would put a charge on my Cingular bill for the retail price of $399.00 until the old phone was returned and then the charge would be removed.  I felt this was a perfectly reasonable request.  To my surprise, within 2 days, my new phone arrived, I have only had it for 1 day and hoping NEVER to see the WSD again.  I am terrified to link it to my computer but that is what you have to do in order to access most of the phones features.I love the look and feel of this phone.  The swivel design is cool.  The keypad is recessed and made for the hands of a 10 yr old girl so texting is Quite a challenge.  There are external hot bottons, one to get you to the web on the outside where you can easily tap it and be online for hours being charged without even knowing it.  There is no way to disable this feature either.  Now that I think about it all..........Go with the Razr or the Slvr unless you are a high risk thrill taker.....if you are, then beware the "The White Screen of Death" and its vengance................I will review again in about a month to update on any good or bad things I may have mentioned in this review.

If ever I had wanted a phone that is both flashy, stylish, functional, easy to use, and absolutely chock full of features then I hit the jackpot when I found this phone. It is the kind of phone that will inflict responses of awe when others see the phone and what it can do. It is fully customizable from the easy to change Style Up faceplate covers to the plethora of themes and wallpapers that you can dowload on the phone from Sony Ericsson or other websites. I'm sure that if you're reading this review then you probably already know of all the great features such as the FM tuner, mp3 player, 1.3MP camera, etc, etc. However, even though this phone is indeed my dream phone and I love it to death, after less than two weeks I am going to have to go to Cingular to get a new one because mine no longer works(Thank goodness for insurance, which I would HIGHLY recommend you have on this phone or any phone that costs this much money for that matter; it's $3.99 a month added onto your statement, but the peace of mind you get is worth it, especially if you purchased this phone at full retail, like me).There seems to be a problem with the software/firmware on all of SE's new walkman phones, which include the W550, W600i, W800i, and w900. I'm not a techie so I'm not sure what causes it to happen but after doing some extensive research of this phone on the internet and in forums that discuss the phone, I have learned that the problem I have is not an isolated issue. The software on these new models is seemingly very buggy and causes the phones to cease function when turned on sometimes and flash between a plain white screen(which is being called the "white screen of death") and nothing at all. This also happens during and after file transfers and in my case it happened to me after attempting to change the theme on my phone. The first time it happened the screen just went white and the keypad locked up and I couldn't do anything to even get it to turn off. I amended this the first time by simply taking the battery out and putting it back in, which ressurected the phone without losing any data. Then the same thing happened a few days later only this time I am unable to ressurect it at all, not even when reinserting the SIM card and trying to power up the phone via the charger.Now I know what you're probably thinking--that I must be one of those ignorant people who doesn't know how to properly disconnect the USB cable safely after file transfer or that I'm a phone abuser who is constantly tinkering with it and loads up the internal memory to full capacity--Not the case. I have only used file transfer mode about 4 times and have added a total of 6 mp3's @ 128kbs, a few java games, and about 8 themes. All for a total usage of about 56kb of the 256kb of available memory on the phone. I always follow the instructions and exit the software first(which it tells you to do on the phone) and even make sure to locate my phone in the 'Safely remove Hardware' utility on my PC to ensure that it is safe to disconnect everything. And no, I do NOT yank out the USB cable either. I am a 21 year-old experienced cell phone/PC hardware user and had to sell my ipod to afford this phone(No, I wouldn't recommend selling your ipod. With only 256kb of memory that is non-expandable, this is no ipod replacement, but this just goes to show just how much I wanted this phone and why I would certainly not abuse such an investment and take good care of it).From what I have gathered from the research I have done on this problem, this sort of unstability problem tends to be common on the first batches of new SE phones that have complicated software/firmware and is usually worked out over time. Since this phone has been out for less than 2 months as of 12/05, I am willing to accept that, as it does make sense to me. Despite the inconvenience of having to return this phone, go back to my old LG, and wait for a replacement, I believe that for this phone it is worth it and I will do the same again if something goes wrong with the next phone I receive. THAT's how much I would recommend this phone and how much I adore it. And who knows? Perhaps the theme file that I attempted to install on the phone was corrupt and that's why the phone malfunctioned and reacted so badly( beware of a theme called Techno.thm--which was the culprit that killed my phone when I attempted to use it--twice). Either way, I thought that I should at least let you know that there ARE problems in existance with this phone right now and that nothing is perfect. However, if you have insurance on your plan or purchase some when you buy this phone(just in case) then I would not let this dissuade you from getting this phone. This problem is not widespread and might even have been dealt with by the time you receive your phone. But really, despite the hassles I've had thus far, this phone is truly amazing.

I purchased this phone from Cingular.  My review will focus on battery life (or lack thereof).  Yes, phone is wonderful.  A little bulky but feature packed and great sound quality.  Battery life is another issue.  SE states "up to" 15 days of standy.  Aparently, Cingular branded phones with the new firmware get 2-3 days MAX on standby.  Don't expect anywhere near 15 days.

I bought this phone from cingular and I am surprised to see the quality of features that it offers.Built-in radio and walkman works like a charm. Sound quality is excellent. I have never seen a phone so loud ever. It has 3 speakers. 1 for calls and 2 for music. When I play music on them people cannot tell if I am playing music on my laptop or my phone.Connect to PC and transfer data without any glitches. Synchronize s with Windows Address book. I have loaded it with about 60 MP3s (about 200 MBs). I also downloaded lots of games, themes & applications. The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great. It has one downside that it is wired and you cannot use the bluetooth handsfree for listening to radio. But the quality of headphones is very good.Basically it does all, that it offers and does it best. It has lots of features for a decent priced phone. Its not N90 of course. But then there's no comparison between the 2.The softwares running the phone are very stable.I am one happy customer.

I will not go into any detail about the phone as it has been covered by previous reviews.  I have owned several samsung phones and have had verizon service for the past 2 years.  I really liked the service and the samsung phones that I have owned, but one of the issues was customiztion.  You really can't customize many phones with verizon without hacking them and verizon cripples the bluetooth capabilities, which I didn't like at all.  Also you can browse the internet with a browser that actually displays html and not your standard wap browser, that most cellphones come with.  I really just like the ability to make the phone my own and customize it with my own ringtones and themes.  I must say that the external speakers are loud and sound very good considering how small they are.  The only con that I can come up with is no expandable memory, but I also see some pros because of this; I don't have to buy any more memory cards.  I don't want this to be my main mp3 player, that is what an ipod is for, I just like having 35-40 songs to listen to when I don't have my ipod.  256 mb is plenty for what I need to store on there.  I have about 40 songs, 6 home videos and about 30 photos and still have about 50 Mb left.  If you need or want a new phone I highly recommend it.!!!!!

BEWARE THE WHITE SCREEN OF DEATH.Besides that, this *is* the best phone.  Pretty dang cool too.

This phone is a major upgrade from my Motorola V551. I've had it for a month and LOVE it. The key layout takes a little getting used to but once you get it down you will appreciate it. Here are some of the negatives I've heard: "White Screen Of Death" - Not here. "Bad, glitchy software" - I've file swapped gigs of music, video, games, applications, MP3s, etc and as long you make sure the USB is really disconnected it's safe (the phone actually says when it is safe to disconnect so come on people) Also, the best way to file transfer is to connect the phone to your computer with supplied USB cord, then open "My Computer" then open "Drive E" and just drag and drop like anything else on Windows. When finished click "Eject Drive" and your phone will say" It is now safe to disconnect your USB cable from your phone". "Swivel is cheap or breaks" - Mine feels sturdy. I actually hardly ever open it. If you have an extensive phone book you won't need to. Just for texting. "The buttons are small" - I'm a 200lb male with average hands and I've had no problem. "The camera is weak" - It's a 1.3 megapixel and the photos are great for a cell phone. In case you don't know: There is tons of FREE photo enhancing software out there. I use Picasa from Google and my daytime pics (post enhancing) look like they were taken from my old Canon 3.2megapixel. The flash is a little light that reaches 6 feet tops at night but it works. I've taken a few impressive night time shots. Well that's about it. I highly recommend this phone.p.s. The MP3 players super loud volume and quality are superb.

I bought two of these phones (600i)about 60 days ago.  I was interested in the MP3, Bluetooth, voice dialing, downloading from Outlook, photos and video.  It does all these things but only if you have tons of patience.  To begin with, it takes two hands to open the slide to reach the number pad.  It's buttons on the closed phone are easily pressed by mistake when in your pocket. Sometimes you get music or internet unintentionally.  It took me three days to get the sync to work with Outlook and  I had to call support three times because the manual was so vague. I haven't even tried loading MP3's yet.  When I finally got my contacts loaded from Outlook, I was challenged to program voice command.  It took sometimes as many as 15-20 tries to get it to accept a voice command, repeatedly giving messages "please wait for the tone" (which there was none) or "find a more quiet place to record" (there was absolutely no background noise when I recorded). The voice quality is ok and handsfree works ok in a quiet environment.  It is rather awkward to use text messaging.  Bottom line.. it's a cute color and has a nice big screen (hard to see in daylight)but it's a pain to set up, difficult to use and at times very irritating. I'd swap it in a heartbeat. I can't wait to try the bluetooth and other stuff (right!).

Great Phone

Hey guys,If you get the WSOD like alot of people do on this phone there is a way to fix it...at least its worked for me and a few others that have this phone.Go to the link below and follow the instructions for downloaded updates...it actually rescued my phone from the WSOD....pay attention to the instructions to make it work as it will take about 20 minutes to do.[.....]Good Luck

First off, the phone is very quiet.  Even when I have it on speakerphone, its hard to hear and I am a young person with great hearing.  Don't even try talking on this cell phone while driving on a highway, you won't hear anything, which might be a plus since you shouldn't be talking on your cell phone while driving.  The camera is sub-par, texting is decent, the MP3 player works pretty good.Now for the REAL issues.  After owning the phone for about a year, it would start to turn off randomly, and this was not a battery issue.  It would be fully charged and turn off by itself as I watch.  Sometimes when I flipped the phone open to answer a call, it would turn off.And most importantly to all of you out there looking to buy this phone.  It completely died on me after owning it for 20 months.  This may seem like a decent lifetime, but not for someone like me who would like to save money and use a cell phone for the longest time possible.Overall its an ok phone at best, but after a year, I would start looking for another since it will start giving you problems and headaches until it eventually dies within two years.  Isn't it great how Cingular/AT&T; require two year contracts, when the phones don't even last that long?  Oh, and another thing to mention, my phone died and I barely used it.  I texted a total of 20 times and I talked on the phone for maybe 30 minutes a week, so I can't imagine if I used the cell phone as much as most people, it might not have even lasted 6 months.

I have had this phone since about Jan of 06.  It has worked great for me.  NO white screen of death...nothing.  I have taken good care of it.  Never dropped it.  I only got a couple minor scratches on the screen so far....nothing big.  But now its broken.  And something broke that I was worried about when I first got it.  That stupid swivel thing!!!  One day I noticed that it would not open all the way to the full open position.  I looked between the two parts of the phone and what appeared to be a tiny screw was keeping it from turning into position.  I didn't panic and managed to get the screw out of the way.  And the phone clicked into position....but I noticed that it was a little looser then before.  So a couple weeks go by and another screw comes out.  To make a long story short..4 screws came out and the phone is now being held together by cords and the screen doesn't come on anymore.  Thank God I have insurance.  I loved this phone before, and I will get another one.  But I am wondering if I am in for the same fate....

I've been researching on the SE w600 phone for a while now; now I finally got it, I strongly recommend it to anyone who is in need of a cool cellphone and does not want to pay much.I was definitely looking for a fun machine. In addition to the  cellphone feature, 3D gaming, stereo music-listening, camera, and video watching are also jammed into this orange box. (There are also many other surprisingly useful features, maybe unnecessary, you can explore them by reading the user's manual from sonyericsson.com)Oh my god, the gaming, it practically replaced my gameboy since it is one with better graphic. (cingular only offers demo plays) Go search on google for .jar/.jad based mobile games, there are plenty from those foreign sites.I'm not that much of a music listener, but the sound quality is amazingly good. I listened to the same song on the phone and on my ipod, there was an enormous differnce. Maybe that's because the earbuds actually go deeper in your ears. The mega bass is deafening to me, it sorta hurts my eardrum when I listen to techno music. (It would be an enjoyment for those loud-volume-listeners.) Also, why buy ringtones from cingular, you can use your own mp3 as ringtones. The three speakers on the phones are incredibly loud and crystal clear.Although the camera is not so impressive, it is 1.3 mp alright. You can't compare it to the new SE phone with 3.2 mp since you get it for free on Amazon.) You could only take a quality picture under sufficient light. Pictures go all grainy and sandy if you shoot indoor under room light. There are nice, yet again unnecessary features, that are similar to those on the sony cybershot cameras. The "frame" feature, which I don't find on my sony camera, is a nice little treat. I put my friend's face into a monkey drumer. The flash is practically no help to increase the picture quality. But it works nicely as a flashlight when you are in a movie theater.The video is pretty cool, too. I'm not too interested in the video-shooting part of the camera, it seems mediocre. I do love the video-playing part, though I just found out many phones now have that ability. I use a software to convert my own videos into 3gp or mp4 and transfer it onto the phone. (The quality is not very good, but it's watchable, and it doesn't take much memory.) Take a look at mobile9.com, there have many compatible downloads for w600.Beside all the cool features, I will start talking about the little inconveience I've experienced so far. The swivel design is stylish alright, my friends' eyes flash when I open the phone. But the upper level only turns 180 degree, not 360 degrees. You have to close it to the direction that you opened it. I always have to carefully try out both directions since I don't want the hinge to go loose. I've heard about the "crashing" problem, the little pixelated and sandy screen kinda scares me everytime when I turn it on. So far the phone is working perfectly, but I'm expecting it to crash sometime later so I can go get a functional smart chip from cingular. The other thing is the internet botton on the front palete. It's really easy to click on it without notice. Then it takes you to the internet screen and cingular charges you for $.01 for each kb loaded. So far this month I've been charged for about $2. Oh yeah, the biggest con for this phone is that there is no memory slot. Everybody mentioned it before, and I will mention it again. There are only about 240 mb usuable space. If you are a intense music listener, go get a ipod or something instead. It can only fit about 50 songs at 128bit with nothing else on the phone. In finding the remedy for the memory insufficiency problem, I also looked at the samsung phone (the black one with sliding keypad). Although it has a memory slot and all other features, but the problem is that its battery doesn't seem to last very long. I was gaming on the w600 phone nonstop for about 5 hrs yesterday, and the status says there was 55% battery left. So only for gaming the battery should last about 10 hrs. That's pretty impressive for me.Despite all the "inconveiences", I find the phone actually very convenient. The more option contains all additional shortcuts you could possibly want.Okay, end of the review, hope this helps you guys on finding the phone of your dream and your price range.

I have owned 2 phone since December 2005. Since then, screws came loose in the swivel mechanism and the top half of the phone is about ready to fall off. The phone NEVER went through excessive heat and was never dropped, just by using the swivel it became detatched. It's hanging on by a single screw now.Sony fixed the screws on the first phone, and broke the light, and when they fixed the light the phone was not able to get any signals.I'm buying a nokia phones to replace my 2 phones.

Absolutely, positively, do NOT get this phone.  I have had 2 so far in the last 8 months.  Both started acting weird, then shut off and NEVER came back on again.  Cingular admitted to having many problms reported on this phone.  Sony is supposed to be coming out with a new model - the 700 - but I doubt I will even bother with that.  No matter how much you want the included MP3 player and/or FM radio- it will save you a bunch of potential trouble if you don't even get this phone.

Everything works fine, but it can only sustain less than two days for very lightweight use (most of the time in standby status)I ordered two sony ericsson w600i from wirefly, they are bundled with cingular family share plan. Both phone are locked to cingular.Talked with sony ericsson support service, sony doubted it may be the problem of battery or phone and both of them.Talked with wirefly, they decided to exchange.

This phone turns off when you don't want it to (like about 3-4 times per day), the buttons don't work well, the service is very slow, and poor (with this phone as opposed to cingular with my old phone), and the storage capacity for songs is very low--approximately one album at a time.  Go for something better, at this price!

This cell phone does everything you want it to.  First of all, it is a quality phone.  It has a nice camera, it is fully customizable, the mp3 player is sweet- though some complain about its limited song capacity.  I can't complain about song capacity because when you think about it, this is a device that you already carry with you everywhere you go, and you can use it as your walkman too!  I mean if you want a device thats sole purpose is to play mp3s, buy an ipod with a 20 gig hard drive.  But having a walkman with 256 mb of song capacity in a device that is already in your pocket at all times is pretty convenient to me.  It also serves as a flash drive; you can store word documents, etc. on it (you have to bring the USB cable with you though).  The FM radio is cool, although you need the headphones plugged in to use it (they serve as antenna).  Oveall, the W600i is a great phone that's easy to use and fun to play with.

great phone, unfortunately amazon does not allow porting your old numbers. buy.com lets my friend port his old number to the new provider and still get all his rebates.

This phone is absolutely a great purchase.  My husband and I each bought one and they have surprassed our expectations!

Hi.The good:- Love that walkman have built a competitor to Apple. Rock solid sound; Good interface; blue tooth connection is superb; 3 speakers are superb. Great to relaxing in the tub :) Good pc connection software.The bad:- Got annoyed with the swivel aspect. Hard to do with one hand and heck, the novalty wore off quick.- Main issue, it powered off without warning. Think it is the power connection in the swivel joint. Sad mechanical error.

I went to the extent of switching my carrier to get this phone. To access the keypad, you need to rotate the top of the phone by 180 degrees, so the screen is flipped. Within no time you will get around it,but is the only issue I can say.The speakers are awesome and On my recent trip I used the phone as my Camera and the photo quality is more than enough for general closeup pictures.More than everything else, I work in a basement and this phone is the only one that works there. There are other Cingular phones but only this one works.

It is a great phone. I am concerning about rebate, how come no one comment about it? Please share your view.

phone sounds great, but...newer phones seem to have issues, checkout cingular.coms forum for a whole thread on this issue. When ordering, let the sales rep know that you have heard about this issue:very poor battery life. Phone purchased in NYC, US from Cingular Store on 5/22/06; battery does not last more than 30 hours, even in standby/non-use. Phone has: R7CA017 firmware, backlight is turned down lowest, I do not use the walkman feature,do not use IM, Web or other gprs svcs. avg 1 or 2 calls/day. Phone was charged for 12 hours before using, do not use bluetooth accessories. do not use camera much (1 picture every other day),Please advise. Can you provide a new battery or advise a long life battery? Can you provide new firmware?

great phoen i have no probmes ..........except for the keypad....which twisted creative director came up with this ingenious idea???..the good news is u dont have u open the phone to receive calls. l  LOVE the music player.

This phone is incredible.  Music can be played aloud with no headphones, making it a good way to let your buddy hear a song without having to share earphones.  Music sound is excellent, reception is great (SF), radio is awesome.  My wife picked up a RAZR and wishes she had gotten the W600 now.  You can switch from the ugly orange plates to a classier, dark blue/grey.For me it is the perfect phone - I hardly ever even open up the swivel and the interface is so much easier to use and intuitive than the Motorola.  Very very pleased with this phone.

Unique swivel design cell phone, MP3 player, FM radio, 3-D games and so much more! What else could a guy ask for? How about reliability. About two weeks into getting this cool phone I had to get it exchanged by Cingular... which was not a big deal even when I had bought it on-line, they exchanged it at one of their locally owned stores. It froze up on me while downloading an MP3... but it wasn't the so-called White Screen of Death. My phone froze during the Sony Ericson logo screen. So far I haven't had this problem with the second phone and I've had this one about three weeks. To be fair, I read on-line you had to be 100% sure the phone's MP3's downloading software was complely turned off on your computer before disconnecting. I later discovered that the software can still reside 'on' in your PC's lower bottom menu screen even when you closed the main software window on the desktop. This might have been the issue with the first phone... though who knows. Ok, lets talk about the phone in general. My old Nokia basic phone got better and more realiable reception than this one. Plus, my friends and family have commented that they could hear me better with my older phone as well. The ohter weird thing is that I'll be talking on the phone and the call drops... EVEN THOUGH the reception bars on the phone are high. Other times even with the reception bars high I won't be able to make a call. Lately this has been a bit more stable and I'm hoping its a network thing more than a hardware issue. Because let me tell you, inspite of this I still love my phone. The MP3 player ROCKS! How could it not? Its got Sony's "Mega Bass" sound feature that maxes out the bass in songs. The earphones that come with it are also awsome! My cousin had a iPod Shuffle and I couldn't believe how crappy and flat the MP3's sounded compared to my amazing w600i! By the way, you can also podcast with this baby and I run three times a week 2.5 miles each time and man, that; along with its awsome built in FM radio reciever, makes running soooo much less boring and less to look foward to. The phone also plays 3-D games and my favorite is the billard one, awsome! Of coarse, you got the usual other stuff like calendar and task reminder and so on. Here's my take on it. If you use your phone to call a lot and reliability is a must then I'd probably steer clear away from this one. But if your looking into getting a very good MP3 player that has an FM reciever and 3-D game player then by all means get this one.

this is by far the best phone i have ever owned.  i've owned almost every motorola, nokia and sony phone, and so far this one has been the best.  easy to use, no dropped calls, and a solid frame!  everything everyone else has written bad or good is right on.

Almost a month since I have been a proud owner of this phone. I think it's a mix of style and good sound quality. I bought this phone for around $350 (coz mine is a unlocked version). Talking about Pros and cons. I love the design. I think it's pretty different and compact. The battery back up is amazing, even with the Walkman Switched On (It allows me to play music for 10 hours of music play with regular phone usage = 2 days battery). You don't have to open the phone again and again to access various functions. All functions can be accessed through the buttons on the main face itself. Voice clarity on a call is superb and so is the display (clear and sharp). The flash/torch light is powerful enough to help you replace your car's tire on a highway, still compact enough to fit in our pocket. Walkman gives amazing sound clarity even at full volume and full BASS (it gonna blow your ears). It has the following EQ Presets:1. Normal,2. Bass,3. Mega Bass,4. Voice,5. Treble boost6. Manual (5 Bands).It has Stereo Widening (effective if u using high quality Mp3). Backlight is Orange. It has detachable faces so that you can change it as per your mood (Orange, White and Blue) Locking and unlocking the keypad is very easy. It has a dedicated switch like key on its left for the same. Profiles can be changed as per the environment pressing the shutdown button (located at top left) or you can put the phone directly on Silent Mode using the # key (which enables the vibration automatically - also available in the shutdown menu). All the profiles are appropriate to the environment. Default Profiles: Normal, Meeting, In Car, Outdoor, Handsfree, Home and Office (An icon would display on top left of the screen for every profile you activate). A dedicated volume control on the right, using which you change tracks as well. You might take a week's time to get use to the interface. A dedicated button to switch-on the Walkman (on the main interface itself - bottom right) also a dedicated button for internet access - bottom left. The phone has a few more features like:1. On call sound recording (.amr format)2. Voice recording (.amr format)3. Code Memo (For safe storage of personal info)4. Picture phonebook (for displaying caller's pic)5. Supports animated wallpapers6. EDGE (W550i is not EDGE Enabled)It allows you to download and install JAVA software and games. Here's a link for downloading JAVA based applications[...]The CameraIt has a dedicated button for camera (on the right side), but the swivel must be closed . It has following Image Sizes available:160 x 120 -> 4X Digital Zoom;640 x 480 -> 2X Digital Zoom;1280 x 1024 -> No Zoom.It also has an option to increase or decrease the gamma levels. You can shoot pictures on the following modes: Normal; Panorama; Frames; Burst. (Please don't expect me to explain all this... Please). You can choose from 4 click sounds when a picture is clicked.Video has 2 sizes ->128 x 96 with a variable digital zoom of 4X,176 x 144 with a variable digital zoom of 4X.It has night mode with flash light. THE CAMERA S**Ks BIGTIME. THE PICTURES CLICKED USING THE PHONE ARE FULL OF NOISE, SPECAILLY THE ONES CLICKED AT NIGHT, (even with flash and night mode on). I compared the pics I clicked using my phone with the pics clicked using Nokia 6600. I THINK 6600 ROCKS. (If you wanna see the results do lemme know I'll email 'em to you)You can have animated or static wallpapers. The in-built themes are pretty cool. It has 3 in-built games:1. Extreme Air Snowboarding 3D;2. Gauntlet;3. Worms Fort 3D.(Oh BTW if you buying it on Cingular, the games you get would be trail version with a time limit)While gaming, the screen can be switched to landscape/portrait mode. It has 2 dedicated buttons for gaming (top). I got 46 JAVA based games, in case if you want it lemme know, I'll email 'em to you. It has a few software like Video DJ (Video Editor.. add text, shapes etc to a video), Music DJ (Create your own music), Photo DJ (Edit photos, add frames etc). It has 2 in-built applications:1. World Clock and2. News Reader.It has a memory capacity of around 225MB (usable) = around 64 songs @ 96 kbps or 48 songs @ 128 -> assuming the average length of a song to be minimum of 5 minutes (the memory is not extendable hence i think they should have provided with at least 512MB as the default memory). The download/upload speed using Bluetooth = 40/20 Kilobytes Per Second respectively. That's all i have time for right now, if you have any extra queries bout the phone you can email me (check profile for email address). I'll ensure that I reply. Hope the article helps you make a choice if this is your 1st Sony Ericsson phone (like me). Also you can request me for the games and other stuff on this email address. I'll try and post a few detailed pics of the phone over the net soon. You may request for the same on the above mentioned email address. BTW one last thing, the phone comes in with a DATA cable around 1.5 m long (USB) to transfer data from PC to phone and vice versa. Hence you can use the phone as a pen drive as well. For e.g. you can transfer zipped files over the Bluetooth unlike most other brand phone. I find the sound quality to be better than an ipod.LaterSigning off

I just got mine in the mail last week thanks to Amazon.com. Megapixel Photos, MP3 player, MP4 player, 3D games, Speakerphone, Bluetooth, Infrared, and an FM tuner to boot.Really after the Rebates come in (which mine have not) the price of FREE with a new service contract is amazing for a device with this much capability. An iPod killer it is not but an iPod companion it sure is. I have an Apple and using the included USB cable I can access the devices built in 240 megs of storage. Drag and drop EVERYTHING forget crappy interface software or DRM heavy copy protection a seies of folders is what you are presented with and thats where the Data goes. Music and Ringers in "AUDIO" photos in "IMAGES" and video in, you guessed it the "VIDEO" folder.I have yet to get a Bluetooth adapter for my Mac Mini or iBook but the ease of use that the included USB cable provides may make the wireless feature somewhat redundant except of course for sending and receiving between other phones. FM radio only works with the included funky headphone adapter but the audio quality is top notch! I got the phone just in time to hear Howard Sterns last FM broadcast. I wonder if SIRIUS service in a cell phone is too far off?Complaints: Easy to accidently hit the "Internet" button on the lower left of the phone so the slide-lock on the side is welcome but I have yet to find the "Auto-Lock" feature for when the phone is not in use. I have actually "Crashed" the phone a few times with it randomly shutting off when i flip through features a little too quickly. 8 hours talk! 7+ days on standby 30 hours of audio playback! WOAH! the only thing keeping it from being an absolutely perfect phone in my mind is the lack of removable memory other than that, I love it!

I purchased this phone for my 21 year old son for this past Christmas.  He can't stop saying how great it is.  We both had SE T616 before and this phone has better reception and many more features.  (I went for a Treo 650 for other reasons; email, etc).  The camera with the flash takes great pictures except in really low light.  The various themes are fun to play with and the video is good too.The best feature is the Walkman function.  It is amazing how loud you can crack the internal speakers of the Walkman function.  My son will have it on only half volume lying on the seat of his car while he is washing or working on his car.  I first though he had the car stereo was playing and then I saw were all the sound was coming.  It was the W600i.The phone mounts to the desktop of his iMac with no problem using the included the special USB cable.  It was very easy to just copy from iTunes window to the folder for music on the W600i.  You are limited to the non-protected mp3 files since it will not play the protected ACC files from the iTunes Store.  Not a big issue since you can easily convert those files to mp3 format by just burning a audio CD in iTunes and then ripping the new CD back in as mp3 files.  The phone only has 256MB for music, photos, video, etc. with no expansion like other Sony models.  This has not been an issue for how he uses it to fill in the day while at college.  If he wants more he has his 1GB Apple Shuffle anyway.  You can also use any mp3 song as a ring tone too and not have to pay Cingular.Cingular does have you over the barrel when it comes to games.  They are all only demos.  We have tried to download new one, but have had problems with the Cingular network and they admit there has been a problem recently.  I will be getting a refund on some data usage that is for sure.The swivel phone is different, but my son only swivels it part way for the few times he actually uses the numeric pad.  He has all of his numbers in the address book and is not into text messaging.  We had no trouble syncing with his iMac using iSync and just transferred the information that he had already synced with .Mac from his SE T616.  Much better than using the SIM card since it supports more than one number per name.We can not say enough about this phone.  All of us college friends are trying to figure out how to upgrade to this phone.  We did not give it 5 stars because of the demo only games and the camera low light performance.  Other than that it is a another great phone from SE.

I bought this phone off of ebay after researching it and reading all the reviews here on Amazon.com.  This phone is a remarkable little gadget.  I absolutely love it!!!  The speakers are amazing...the headphone with the answer button is amazing...the call quality is amazing...navigation features are very easy to use.Now about the White screen of Death.  I have not experienced it.  The phone does warn you to NOT to disconnect it while you are trying to download music until you close the software on your computer...duh!  I also use Windows XP and the hardware removal safety feature as well and have never had any problem.  I have downloaded and deleted a vast assortment of music.  I think maybe people are downloading things...free things from websites and such and might be getting viruses on their phones...???  I just know I have followed all instructions and haven't had a bit of trouble.  Also the disc2phone software is very user friendly.  It makes downloading music to your phone a snap!The games are okay...I downloaded a couple from Cingular...I am just NOT a video game person.The only thing I wish was different is that the battery would hold a charge longer...but I really use my phone a lot so what can I really expect??  I am going to try and find a second battery...but charging my phone isn't that difficult and it recharges with even the USB cable.All in all this is a fabulous phone.I do have to mention something about Cingular...as I stated earlier I bought this phone unlocked from someone through Ebay.  The phone was indeed unlocked...however, the previous user had T-mobile and I couldn't access all the web browser, messaging and such because my provider is Cingular.  I called Cingular and they talked me through changing the settings on my phone to be hooked up with them and they did it all for free!!!!!!  I am so completely satisfied with Cingular and my Sony Ericsson W600i!!!  If you are looking to purchase a phone such as this...go for it with confidence!

I ordered this cell phone 3 months ago via a promotion that promised a $150 rebate from Amazon.  The catch is that I was forced to accept a 2-year contract through Cingular.  However, two weeks ago, I was informed by Amazon that I am not eligible for the rebate due to "invalid wireless."  WHAT IS THIS?  I e-mailed the rebate center, but never heard back from them.  THIS IS A BREACH OF CONTRACT, and I want my $150 back.

I was in the market for a new phone and I wanted something on the high-end, something with all the bells and whistles : camera, bluetooth, music player, and everything in between.  So I went and looked around for the best phone that suites my needs.  I looked at everything from the ROKR to RAZR.  My heart was set on a RAZR, just because it was very popular, but at the last minute I saw the w600i and got it.  It was perfect.  After a few day with it this is my verdict.Pros:  Features, Features, Features!!!!!!!!!  Loaded with many features.  First look at it, it comes in an orange outer shell, and also comes with a blue shell, so you can change style of the phone.  Even better you can make your own covers and change it whenever you want.  Sony really wanted you to change the cover seemlessly, so they made it very easy to change.  Second the screen is big, and very clear.  Pictures will stand out with this phone.  When folded, it feels and looks like a regular digital camera.  It also has MEGA BASS speakers which will make any noise coming from this phone sound like a small stereo speaker.  Third the design is a swivel action, which can be "swiveled" in both direction, but cannot swivel a complete 360 degree, which I understand.  The phone can be used for calls without opening the keypad.  The only time you need the keypad is text messaging or contacts being inputed into the phone.  Upon turning on the phone, there are many things to do, for example the phone comes with an antennea and ear buds, so you could listen to the radio.  The ear buds even have different size foam tip to fit everybody's ear size.  The ear buds, which sounds very good, can be used to listen to the radio or your mp3s, which you could download into the w600i, so it is also a walkman, and don't worry about storage space, it has a built in 256mb memory which is enough to carry your favorite 20 songs, and have room for all the other stuff like pictures and games. I have another portable mp3 player with thousands of songs, but I put my favorite 20 or so on this phone.  I don't need 500 songs on this.  No memory cards to buy, which is I hate changing.  And last there are many preloaded stuff, like ringtones and themes, music DJ, mutimedia text, photo templates, video recorder, voice recorder, stop watch, calendar, and comes with a USB cable so it could be hooked up to your computer to transfer images and songs to the phone.Cons:  There are not that many, and these things are minor, for example, this phone is on the bulky side, a little thick but I could live with it.  The area where the charger goes has a cover to protect it from dust, which does get in the way when charging the phone or hooking up the ear bud and antennea.  The radio cannot come out of the speakers, only through the ear buds.  The camera has no zoom. The number keypads feel fragile.  No full games, just a bunch of demos, it should at least have a full version of Tetris.  But I'm not a big gamer anyways.Overall excellent and fun phone, all the things you need in one little package, and I am very pleased with it.  If you want something different from the usual flip phones I recommend this one.  Plus it is just the coolest looking phone, from what my friends said.

Not all phone are perfect, but i absolutely love this phone. My friends constantly comment on how cool my phone is. It is pretty eye catching in the sea of motorola RAZRs.Pros:-It has a great call quality. Every call was crisp and clear (unless it was the fault of the other person). I never had that annoying echo while you're on the phone-When you're playing the games, you can turn the phone on its sides and play it that way and it's pretty cool. The two clear keys at the top are only used while you're playing a game. They don't do anything else.-It's a walkman phone with good sound quality. It also has a decent amoung of setting for the bass and equalizer. It also helps when you are given some nice headphones-This is very durable. After a year of wear and tear, the phone has just two minor scratches on it's display and the self-portrait mirror and the wim of the camera is a little banged up. Even after multiple drops of the floor, it still works fine.A little of each:- I am a flip phone person, but Sony Erisson isn't really find of making flip phones that fit my taste. This is the only phone i've seen with a swivel feature. It gets a little annoying when you want that ear-to-mouth distance while you're on the phone.-256 MB of internal memory. Really good for a phone. Usually, its anywhere from 10-20 MB.Cons:-No expandable memory. This makes me sad. I have the absolutely wonderful luck of losing both by iPod video and iPod shuffle, which leaves me with this phone as my sole source of portable media devices.-I'm not a big fan of the size of the phone. It's too big for me to comfortably carry it around in my pocket (unless i'm wearing a heavy winter jacket).-Software is a little buggy. SOmetimes, the computer doesn't even recognize that the phone is connected to the computer via USB cable (which is gratefully provided).-Sony Erisson needs to work on their keypad design. The number are diffcult to press. They are greatly recessed and separated in three vertical rows. Not helpful when you want to text message at a decent speed.

I recently purchased this phone through Cingular and am very happy with it.  It has a nice small size, bright display, and for the price I paid (free with a service plan) it has all the features I want.  I would have preferred the same features in a flip-phone, but I can live with this one.PROS:Lots of nice features in one compact phone.1.3 megapixel camera - among the best you'll see in a cell phone. If you want better, buy a digital camera!  This is more than sufficient for the occasional photo without the need to lug around another piece of electronic equipment.256MB of storage - some have complained this is not enough.  I find it more than sufficient for the casual music listener.  If you want more, get an iPod!  Like the camera, the convenience of having this in a device you already carry with you is worth the "smaller" size.music player - it plays almost all (unlocked) formats.  If you're an iTunes buyer you can't directly move your songs to your phone but if you use available utilities like jHymn you can convert to mp3 and it works great.  You can even use your mp3s/wavs/midi /etc. files for your ring tones, saving you from paying again for songs you already own.Thumb Drive/Software - I had no problems installing the software to connect my phone to my computer via USB.  Moving MP3s around is as easy as dragging-and-dropping in windows, since the phone simply becomes a "removable drive".  You can also use it as a thumb drive to carry around those important business presentations, or backup files, etc.  And 256MB should be enough for most of that.FM radio - yes it works, but you're required to use the headphones as an antenna.  I tested it, but really don't care much about this feature.Instant Messenger clients built in - but you'll need to be a typing pro to keep up!Comes with a nice black faceplate to replace the orange one for those of us who need a more professional look.Nice long battery life.  Full charge lasts over 100 hours with occasional use.Good reception.  More bars than other cell phones in the same location.CONS:First and foremost, the pesky "internet" button on the front that is easy to hit and (without any confirmation) connect to MediaNet and rack up charges.  The charges are small (about 6 cents every time you accidentally hit the button) but still annoying. There appears to be no way to disable this feature or reprogram the button.Second, and related to the above, when you select the "menu" the default choice is also to connect to the internet.  I'm contemplating signing up for the MEdia Net (which looks neat, by the way) package just so I don't have to worry about it.  That's probably Cingular's goal! If you're a mobile-internet user, this and the one-button internet are probably nice features.  If you're a budget-conscious buyer, they are annoying.Compounding the above, the key lock is easy to engage/disengage with a little button on the side of the phone, but the phone can inexplicably unlock itself with the right (or wrong) magnetic field in the presence of the faceplate (making my holster with the magnetic clip useless).Synching with your computer isn't quite as easy as plug-and-play.  The phone requires an extra keypress to tell it if you want the "file mode", and the phone shuts itself off when you remove it and you have to remember to turn it back on.  This is okay for occasional use, but it's not as convenient as it could be.Summary:If you only casually listen to music and take photos, and are content with scaled-down capabilities for both in exchange for a scaled-down price, this phone is for you.  If you like custom ringtones and graphics, the phone will save you a few pennies there, but you'll likely spend some of them with a few accidental connections to the MEdia Net.

This by far is the best phone ever.  User friendly, I've had it about a year and I would not trade this WONDER for the world.  All of my friends are trying to get this phone.  Unfortunaqtly this phone is discontinued!!!Please give everyone this phone back!!!!  THIS IS THE BEST PHONE EVER!!!!!!

Most reviews you'll find of this phone online will be excellent.  Personally, I love this phone and all its features.  The speakers are superb as are the camera functions, etc. etc. etc.The main issue however is the battery.  Now, Sony Ericcson batteries are supposed to be long lasting, durable, and generally excellent batteries.  To exemplify this, my girlfriend has an SE z250 which has a battery that lasts over a week in standby, as it is rated.  Unfortunately, the Cingular-branded w600i phones (those bought from Cingular) seem to have an issue with draining fully charged batteries within two or three days, even in standby mode.  This apparently is only an issue with Cingular customers and it has been speculated that this is due to Cingular's modified version of the phone's software/firmware.  To test this, some people have operated the phone in "Walkman only" mode and have experienced more normal battery lives, indicating that it probably has something to do with the way the phone connects to Cingular's networks.This is an issue which has affected apparently quite a large number of Cingular customers.  Simply go to forums.cingular.com > Cingular Customer Forums > Phone & Device Support > Sony Ericsson to see.Currently, neither Cingular or Sony Ericsson are willing to acknowledge this issue or provide a fix for it, at least to the best of my knowledge.  The bottom line is, if you buy this phone direct from Cingular or a Cingular representative, you WILL have to recharge the battery at least every 48 hours, possibly more often.  I can easily see a drop in battery levels of 40% or more over the course of the day under normal use (about 10 mins talking, no games, no text, no music/radio).  Otherwise, it is a great phone to have.

I was looking for a while and I have to say, this is so far the best mp3 sound out there period. To be honest, this phone sounds better than my iPod mini !!It has 256MB which is OK for my everyday podcasts (phone shows up as additional drive under Win2k and thus any podcast client directly saves into it).now the bad things...If you open/close the phone 200times, you can loose one screw as i did... grrrrr  Cingular said it is common.the headset connector to the phone is big and bulky (why the hell they don't use normal connector) and I think it will break very very sooon.Other thing (and it is nothing personal), all my friends call it [...] PHONE .... I love orange and I don't give a [...] but maybe you do....

First off--I am all about convenience and ease-of-use. Even if there is a feature I really need/want but it is difficult to use or get to, what's the point of having it?With all the great reviews I was wondering if I got the same phone as some of the other reviewers. It is a decent phone and is packed with a ton of stuff--some useful and others not so much. But, almost all of them are inconvenient to use. The swivel, hereafter referred to as the "swivel of sorrow", or SOS, is awful!! I doubt I can get used to it and will probably trade it out for something else. For example, if you want to use your quick dial (up to 9 numbers and you have to remember which number is which) you have to open the phone (the swivel!!) or navigate thru 4-5 steps to reach your now, "not so quick" list. Also, the screen is plenty big but the text is small. If you have ANY type of theme or background, you'll be squinting to see which number you need.Then if you want to use the phonebook, you can start navigating with the phone closed and scroll thru ALL your contacts, but to enter a letter you must SOS. Or, let's say you call someone and you get their voicemail, all of a sudden you have to SOS quickly, usually takes 2 hands, then press the appropriate button. I have probably slightly larger then average hands and I find the keypad very difficult to navigate and the text is so small while you are dialing it's not easy to dial a number. Because if you are looking at the screen, if you swivel the phone open, the screen is in your palm and the keypad is on the top--the opposite of what you need (and upside down). So, then you have to turn the whole phone around after you have opened it. Also, doing the SOS one-handed is not easy. Then there is the dreaded WEB BUTTON!! There is one on the outside of the phone which can easily be hit by mistake. But what is MORE puzzling is that when you press the main menu button, that, by default, does the same thing as the button on the outside. Would be much more helpful if that was, say, your list of nine numbers you call most often. Or, really, ANYTHING else. So, I know it's confusing, but there are 2 buttons that do the same thing like 1 centimeter apart. Other picky things--the plug for recharging is bulky and not easy to connect/disconnect, cam is average at best, you have to have the bulky earphones WITH you when you want to listen to the radio. There's more but that's all I can think of right now.So, to sum up--I can't emphasize how MUCH I hate the swivel and anything related to that is a pain. Also, I have only had the phone for about a week so I have not even had time to try downloads, Bluetooth, etc.I won't list the pros as MANY have done that already.

With all the cell phones out there I HAD to write a review stating that this one lives up to the hype.  My last phone was going out after 2 years so when I was trying to find one reasonably priced this one fit the bill.The camera is top notch, the fact that you can download music to it is worth the money you pay for it, and on top of that it has a built in radio.  This really helps when I am waiting in the doctor's office or for my car at the shop & forgot my book.Lastly but MOST important is the reception.  For some reason in our house we get the worst reception, but with this phone that is not a problem.The only other comment I have is the color, if you don't like the orange it's removable. There's a dark blue cover that comes with the phone if you'd like to change it out.All in all, I would definitely suggest this phone to anyone who wants a good quality, no hassle phone.

1 album at a time??? if you choose the highest bitrate available perhaps - most users will find even the lower settings more than satisfactory (making each song between 1-2mb - making the phone hold more than 200 songs... far more than 1 album). The coverage is great; it shows only 1 or 2 bars when i'm in my house but the quality of the signal is still superb. The camera leaves a little something to be desired, I haven't yet mastered taking many quality pictures with it but the pictures I have taken look alright. You don't have to open the phone to accept a call which is a nice plus. It has all the features of every other phone worth buying and then some, plus it looks different and it's a sturdy design. I'm really happy I got this phone

Wow, I was impressed as soon as started trying out the features.  The sound on the mp3 player is excellent, full range of bass that is deep and crisp highs.  The earphones are very impressive as well. They are the plug type so when you put them in you can't hear anything around you even if you don't have the mp3 player playing.  The radio worked better than expected, especially after reading the reviews about it not working very well.  I live in Indianapolis and can pick up most of the major stations while at work, at home, or on my bicycle.  The whole way home from the Cingular store I was transfixed with all of the little gadgets the phone had, the digital camera, the video capture, the radio, the mp3 player, the media net, the samples from MobiTV, and on and on. I couldn't wait to get home and start transferring music to the phone.Installed the software which was easy enough, hooked up the USB connection (which also acts as charger) transferred about 5 songs tested them out to see how they worked, no problem.So decided to transfer some more songs and then .........BAM!!!!!! The "WHITE SCREEN OF DEATH".  For those of you who don't know what that is, it happens when the hone locks up and nothing can be done to fix it.  There is no hard reset or soft reset for the phone (I already checked with SonyEriccson technical support).  At this point your phone is useless (yes, there are some people out there who have gotten lucky and got their phone to unlock, but it is just that luck, not a proven method to fix this problem).After searching all of the support forms, it seems that this is a known problem caused by some bad firmware that to this point SonyErricson has been unwilling to address. So I then called SonyEriccson technical support.  Explained what happened and they only had me check of couple of things and then had not problem offering to exchange the product, only stipulation were that you first have to send your phone to them, you pay the shipping, you pay the insurance, and pray that nothing happens to it, then 6 to 10 days later they will "SHIP" not deliver your replacement phone.  For those of you who want to see their letter of what to do look below my review.Next course of action, I went to my local Cingular dealer and told them what the problem was and that I wanted to exchange it for the same model of phone.  They were very friendly and exchanged my phone, even though I had purchased the phone out of state.  To this point my phone has been working for about 2 weeks with no issues, however I have not hooked the USB cable back to the phone again for fear of the same thing happening.PROS::::MP3 Player: Won't replace your IPOD in all situations, but then again you can use your IPOD to call anyone either.  Sound is great and easy to find songs and add playlists.RADIO: Good reception for a portable radio, the controls are easy to use and the radio has the ability to display song/station/artists names from radio stations that broadcast these items. You need to have the headphones plugged in order to use the radio.HEAD PHONES:  These are not cheap head phones at all and deliver good quality.  They work well when using the phone as well.  Most of the people I talk to have no idea that I am using the headset as opposed to the phone itself (You can hook standard 3.5mm headphones you wan to the phone as long as you use the adapter that comes with the phone)BLUETOOTH MODEM: This is feature that a lot of people probably overlook, but with this phone you can hook it up to a laptop and surf the internet using your cell phone as a modem.  The speed is not great, actually it is pretty poor for most websites, but, "SLOW INTERNET" is better than "NO INTERNET".MEDIA NET: This is much better than the RAZR. I am not sure how small the type font is for this phone, but you can see so much more on this phone as opposed to what you can see on the RAZR while surfing the web.MEDIA NET - keying:  I like this feature a lot, the phone is smart enough to known (most of the time) whether you are going to enter an email address, phone number, or url, so it generally provides the most common keys used in the correct order. For instance if you are typing an email, the "@" comes before the "/" sign. If you are typing [...]  the ":" and "//" come up right way.EMAIL:  If you know what you are doing and know who to search the web for the correct settings for your email provider, then POP, IMAP, and [...] setup is a breeze on this phone.SPEAKERS-MUSIC: The speakers on this phone are surprisingly loud. (Be warned that this a good way to drain your batter).SPEAKER PHONE: The speaker phone is loud, but not near as loud as when being used by the MP3 player. Most people I have spoken to report that the sound quality they hear when I am on the speaker phone is very good.INFRARED: Pretty easy to setup and use.CONS:::::::WHITE SCREEN DEATH:  Completely unaccepted for this to happen and no hard reset button to fix it.  This phone has been out for awhile and there have not been any firmware updates to address this. Shame on SonyEriccson!!!MEDIA NET BUTTON: Is on the outside of the phone and is too easy to touch when in your pocket, purse, or wherever and it connects to media net racking up charges.SONY PHONE TO DISC: Software can be used to transfer via the USB connection (see aproblem here, your USB connection could cause your phone to lock up for good and become 100% useless) It will not work over a BlueTooth Connection.FILE TRANSERS USING BLUETOOTH:  You can only transfer 1 file at time over blue tooth, meaning that you cannot select 10 songs from your pc library and then transfer them to your phone, your phone will only take on at a time by dragging and dropping them Needless to say that this is a slow a tedious process given how slowly Bluetooth transfers large files. In order to transfer more than one file at a time you need to select the files you want to transfer and select the copy command then go to the desired location of the phone and select past.BLUETOOT SYNCHRONIZATION:  You better know how a computer works inside and out before you attempt this, you need to know about serial ports, how to enable and disable them and how to pick the free ones.  You also need to know how Bluetooth adapters work. Don't think that you can just install the software for your Bluetooth adapter on your computer, enter in your passcode and everything will work, not quite that simple.CAMERA: The pictures are OK, but not great. It is a 1.3 Mega Pixel, which is a step from the 640X480.  A CAMERA IS BETTER THAN NO CAMERA I guessFor sample pictures and videos that I have take with this phone take a look at my website:*****  [...] ******NOTE--You will need to have QuickTime installed in order look at the videos.  If you buy the phone and run the software setup QuickTime is automatically installed.OVERALL RECOMMENDATION::::(Reviewer background: 32 yr male, graduate degree, 7 years IT)If you are tech savvy, have good eye sight to read the smaller fonts on the screen, understand Bluetooth and computers, are willing to tinker long enough to learn some of this phone's idiosyncrasies, need an occasional mp3 player, a radio, a phone that supports TV broadcasts, speaker phone, and surfing the internet, then this phone will probably work great for you.If you are not into MP3s, don't need the radio, don't want to use the phone a wireless modem for your laptop or PDA, don't know your way around a computer and adding devices to a computer, have poor eyesight, or little patience when it comes to technology, then you should probably look somewhere else.If you are 16 years old, you will probably be the envy of your friends with this phone. (You probably will spend all of your hard earned money on the phone + service plan)If you are 26 years old, you probably already have phone from work that supports most of these features, but maybe not all of them. (You probably are making enough money that the data plan is not a major concern, your friends at the gym will still probably think it's a cool phone)If you are 36 years old, you might be getting close to where you don't care too much about MP3 players, Bluetooth, an cameras.  (You can probably afford it, but your friends either won't be impressed or don't have any idea what Bluetooth is, the cool factor is probably not there for you.If you are 46 years old, you are probably won't care too much about this phone.

I've had a few other SE phones, T68i, T226, Z520a, and now this one the W600i.  My service provider is Cingular which carried over from AT&T; Wireless.  The following is my experience with this phone over the last few months in my area in Honolulu.LOOKS: I think the phone is very stylish; I always get a curious look whenever I take it out.  Its a twister type phone that hides it's keypad behind the top portion.  One reason I chose this phone was that it's antennae was unique, the antennae is the looped portion of the phone thus avoiding the stub type that is usually found on most phones.  The phone is a bit thick, about 2 - 2 1/2 times thicker than the RAZR.  When I got it from Cingular it came with an additional black faceplate besides the orange one that's already on the phone.  The display is bright and appropriately sized for this phone, smudges and fingerprints are unavoidable with this phone; it will collect body oil (from your face, fingers) so you will be constantly wiping the display. All the buttons are really made for small fingers, if you have fat fingers you are SOL. The keypad itself I use my fingernails to press the buttons - its kind of flat, I wished it was more pronounced so you can actually feel the buttons.FUNCTIONS/FEATURES/PERFORMANCE: The W600i is really full featured with lots of connectivity options - Bluetooth, infrared, USB, GPRS or EDGE. It has limited synchronization with MS Outlook, multiple phone numbers per name, calendar, and some others. The software sync bundle works but has space for lots of improvements; sync-ing is slow on both Bluetooth and USB.MUSIC FUNCTIONS: Lets face it - the primary attractive feature of this phone is it's Walkman capability. Memory is a paltry 256MB shared (no memory slot whatsoever!) Some built in screen savers/games/pictures share the same memory space. Wish I could delete everything I don't care for like the stupid built in pictures (locked by Cingular or SE). Music can be transferred by SE's Disc2Phone software which does limited format conversions or you can drag and drop your files via USB when the phone is in File transfer mode. With the limited memory space, you can't load it up as much as you want so if you have large MP3 files - pick & choose or re-encode to another format that the phone supports. I re-encoded some of my MP3s to the M4A format so I could fit a decent amount, converting 5 MB MP3's to M4A got me a little over 2.1 MB per file though some quality took a hit. Music playback is pretty good, menu navigation is not like the iPods so don't compare. Headphones are hooked up via SE's proprietary connector, but it allows you to hookup your favorite headphones to it so I caution you about the extended wire length. You can use your files as ring/alarm tones too - very cool! Radio mode requires the use of the headphones, disappointing but I really don't use the radio portion anyway. Battery runtime will vary depending on which mode you set the phone to, MP3 player only will last quite a while.CAMERA: 1.3mp camera takes decent pictures in strong light even in a room with fluorescent lighting, the auto brightness/contrast does a good job. Limited zoom capability. Night shots - forget about it, unless you have the flash module (extra). It does have a light feature but does not act like a flash and its very weak. Another feature is to record video too but why bother it'll just eat up precious memory space.SPEAKERPHONE: Another feature I like about this phone - very loud, I can get away without using a car kit or hands free headphones. The party on the other end hasn't complained about not hearing me yet. Oh and yes the voice dialing is good, but I wish the beep to let you know when to say the name was louder, even when not in speaker mode you can hardly hear it at all.RECEPTION: Quad band GSM goodness and the unique antennae give this phone excellent reception...well in my area anyway.SUMMARY: A phone worth recommending especially when the price is coming down. My requirements when I purchased this phone: converge my MP3 player and phone into one, sync with Outlook, speakerphone with voice dial, Bluetooth, decent camera, and costs. I can charge the phone via wall, car, or USB port - very flexible and fast too! This phone is continuing to serve me well, but the upcoming W810 is looking pretty good. On a few occasion I had experienced some strange lock ups with the phone but it was very few perhaps the firmware needs an update. My only major complaint is the small memory size and no expansion slot. C'mon SE, 256 MB is a laughable amount especially one that can play music! 512 MB would have been a better size for this phone. I was looking at the RAZR too but the W600 beats it by a long margin in features, so what if the RAZR is flat? Well this was my opinion, I hope my review has been helpful. Quad band ROCKS! One other thing...good luck in finding any good accessories like carrying case & face plates...very scarce...

We have had the phones for two months-ish and all ready had to send one back under warranty. The boyfriend took it out of his pocket and the screen was cracked, very strange. Had it replaced and had to send the the replacement back as it would lock up on any command. Now, when his phone in the closed position it does not quite meet up right. its only a millimeter off, but it is off, and that would drive me nuts if it was mine.it does have software issues and I have to shut it down (if it will shut down) remove the battery and power back up every couple of days. the camera takes the worst pictures in low light, but I guess all the extra effects make up for that. it is a kick ass phone, and seems to do everything but one touch dialing.  you can dial into your voice mail by holding down the 1 key, but you can't program the other keys. thats odd too. I love the walkman, but sometimes the button takes a couple of jabs to make it go.Still its one of the best phones we have ever had.

The phone is quite good but I still penalize it 2 stars for following 3 reasons:1. Sony Ericcsson is playing a trick on the customers.. they have a 256 Mb card storage this model, however you can not insert and remove memory stick as you could do in a digital camera.. it is very possible to do so (see Nokia and Samsung phones). However, Sony Ericsson decided not to give us that feature and force us to upgrade in near future.2. The File Managing and Disc2Phone software that come with this phone are filled with bugs. I have tried the program from their CD and from their support site. I have win XP home edition. I am able to connect to phone copy files but when I exit their programs and disconnect USB, Windows XP crashes giving a blue screen and saying No more IRP stack locations. Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling, it doesnt work for me.3. The phone has a hot key (cingular icon) that connects you immediately to Internet. This is located on outer keypad and if pressed does not ask for any password or second confirmation. I use my mobile phone as alarm clock too. When I am trying to turn off the alarm in my sleep, I have hit this button few times by mistake causing some unnecessary internet billing.I have no other problems with the phone. Signal, battery, volume are all good.

I have had problem after problem with this phone.  I've to send it back three times now because it keeps crashing and going into a blank white screen from which there is no return.

This is a comment for Amazon as much as for Sony-Ericsson and Cingular.Amazon: product description today says, and I quote "FM radio and advanced digital music player" However there does not appear to be an FM radio accessible from the software. Maybe this is the Cingular version of the firmware, which prevents it.Amazon: can't leave a comment for seller if seller is Amazon. Amazon: can't find a way to contact you folksSony-Ericsson/Cingular: Why is the default when you pick the "menu" sitting at the web/data access? Pressing the centre button by mistake starts a data session and bingo - you are getting charged for data access, for someone not paying attention, this is costing you money. A customizable menu would have been nice. The FM radio is probably in the original Sony menu, not in the cingular version of the phone, I am guessing.

This phone has so much stuff on it and its amazing. Awesome  headphones, awesome features, awesome tones, awesome everything, however the speakerphone can use a little work and transferring songs is confusing...i still dont know how to...But otherwise BUY THIS PHONE!!!

This phone is packed with features...the mp3 player and FM radio are great, and you can adjust the equalizer. Comes with nice headphones that you can answer calls on. Excellent batery life. I have owned it for 1 month and have a bunch of problems however. I cracked the screen (its on the outside), I lost the cover to the input jack, if you forget to push the lock it will often sign on the internet..and charge you...and the phone likes to unlock itself...really easy to do. Good delicate phone.

I had previously given this phone a great review but have to chosen to delete it. I want to warn you against getting this phone.This could have been one of the greatest phones I've ever had. But the software is so buggy that the first phone died within a day. The second has been dying a "slow death" for the last two months.The phone randomly turns itself off, even in the middle of conversations. It started as an occasional problem; yesterday the phone turned itself off 14 times. It turns off when you swivel it open, it turns off when you make a call, it turns off when you look at it the wrong way.It also has a curious issue where it decides that you have "no access to network" even though you have five bars and are in the same place you've made calls hundreds of times.What is really disconcerting is the technical support on the Sony Ericsson website gives some of the most disingenous troubleshooting I have ever encountered.For the random shut off problem, a known issue that you can easily find complaints about here on Amazon and all across the web, Sony Ericsson offers this plum answer: "If your phone turns itself off when being transported, it is likely that an object on your pocket or bag has activated the on/off button."Of course, if you've encountered this problem you've watched the phone turn itself right in front of you for no reason at least several hundred times, this after a lengthy period of questioning your own sanity wondering: "Wasn't this phone JUST on?" Finally you get wise and begin to notice that the phone just shuts itself off for a variety of reasons: swiveling it open, putting it on your desk, making a phone call, breathing on it...Then there is the rapid beeping problem when you try to make calls and/or the "no network problem." Sony Ericsson also tries to encourage you to think that this isn't a problem with their phone, but... it is.Overall, all the great features on this phone are rendered moot by tremendous software defects. I'm off to call Amazon...

This phone is one of the best phones I have ever used.  The battery is excellent.  After 2 days of heavy use (5-6 hours usage of various functions each day) I still had 75% battery power.  The camera is the best you can find on a cell phone.  The built in light is very convienient.  The internal speakers are very loud and high quality.  The form factor takes a little getting-used-too, but after you are comfortable with it, you will find that it was very well designed.  Perhaps the only flaw is the lag in the user interface when first starting up.  When the phone is displaying "Searching...", DONT TOUCH ANYTHING.  Go get a glass of water or something while you are waiting so you are not tempted.  Otherwise, I highly recommend this phone to anyone.

when i first baught my phone it look just ordinary but after foolin around with it a bit i grew to understand any the great function and features the phone has. It realy works good, it the best music system i ever baught since ipod i love listin to music so if u r a music fan get urself hooked up with this phone soonPS you could store and listen to so much sounds & music that u would'nt beleive it

I just got two W600i for me and my wife from Cingular. This is a phone with all-around performance and features. The best feature is, of course, the Walkman from Sony. Although it is limited to 220mb of internal memory, it is large and its performance, good enough for casual use. Disc2Phone program lets you down-sample your mp3 so it doesn't have to occupy too much space. By the way, you can use this as a storage device for you files as well. It is recognized as a external disk drive in "transfer mode." External speaker is loud. Included headset functions both as headphones and hands-free headsets. You can connect your favorite headphones to its hands-free. (try those noise isolating ones... I don't have one)Headsets quality is on par with $30 Sony music headsets with in-ear buds. BTW, radio only works when connected to the headset (antenna is in there)but it has poor reception.Conversation quality is as good as other phones. Address book holds not only the phone numbers but also email addresses and all the addresses. It is synchronizable with Outlook or Outlook Express with the software that comes with the phone. The phone supports voice calling and answering. Phone has calendar, tasks, and notes functions, synchronizable with Outlook. All the other bells and whistles in other phones are included too.Camera is 1.3mega pixels with fixed focal. Don't expect the same quality with a dedicated camera but certainly it is better than other phone cameras. It has a light hole (not flash) that helps indoors shoots a little.What else... Infra-red(check), bluetooth(check), dedicated lock button(check), internet capability(check), two different color faceplates(check, orange and deep blue), usb connectivity(check), on and on and on...My only complaint is that only the center direction buttons are configurable to phone functions. Cingular button that connects you to the internet and the Walkman button on the right are not changeable. Oh... one other thing... Yes... It is annoying and very cumbersome to rotate the phone to access keypads but once you put in all your contacts, you don't really have to open the phone at all. Use the voice dialing and the phone doesn't have to be opened to make conversations.My wish-I wish that the phone would've been little slimmer. It's not bulky but still comparing to Razr, it's a weapon. Also it has no small hole to put those little accessories. ^_^
