
I got two of these phones for my wife and I based on all of the features that come in this new model.  I have to say that the contact synchronization and full featured Bluetooth features are awesome.  It's also nice to have an infrared port, and a speakerphone all packaged in such a small form-factor.  However!  Yes, there is a however, all these features don't mean a thing if the phone doesn't work correctly.  First and foremost this is a phone and it should act like one!Right off the bat, we had problems with both phones where without warning, they would cease to ring and would only vibrate.  Just out the blue the ringer would get turned off and no amount of fiddling with the settings could make the ringer come back.  The only solution was to remove the battery and reboot the phone.  Not good!We also experienced problems with the "Theme" setting.  The color-scheme and wallpaper would randomly go back to the default blue.  Again, the only way to remedy that was to remove the battery.One of the phones had a faulty outside LCD screen.  The top area of the screen was so washed out, that it was impossible to see the Voicemail or Message icons as well as the battery status icon.  Changing the screen's brightness made no difference at all.  The other phone made a high pitched noise when charging.  This was so bad that we could only charge the phone in another room at nights, so as to not hear the buzzing it made.  Not good again!Lastly, and probably the most disappointing problem with this phone is that during some calls, we could hear a pattern of clicks every 2 seconds or so.  During the clicks (very faint), the transmission would be interrupted and neither you nor the other person on the line could be hear.  The effect of this is that in sounded like the call was being dropped or like we had bad reception.  We determined that this was not caused by network issues because a person standing next to us (also with a full signal) was able to make and receive crystal clear calls while we experienced these interruptions in the conversation.The saddest part of this is that in my opinion the phone is perfectly fine and the problems ALL stem from Cingular's firmware (software) on the phone.  A good friend of mine has the European version of this phone (z520 - no "a") and he does not experience ANY of these problems even though he too has Cingular's service.Given all of this, it's hard to rate the phone so poorly knowing that the software is the problem, but unless Cingular fixes it soon, this phone is not worth the trouble.  You can find similar experiences all over blogs and review boards.  I hope this helps you in your decision.

this was my first time using anything other than a Motorola..I really wish I'd stuck with them. I've had my Sony Ericsson Z520a phone since early Dec and have noticed that, when it's closed, it feels like it is loose; if I 'wiggle' the top & bottom, there is definitely some kind of loose movement going on, almost like there's a screw loose somewhere. That's something I've never had happen with the Motorolas I've used (V600, V180).As for the camera: first of all, the side button is irritating as heck! I don't know how many times I've accidentally taken a picture of the inside of my holster (case) when removing it! (And as far as I know, I can't reassign the thing!)  Pic quality is ok, nothing to write home about (now, my son has the Nokia 6102..he sent me some really GREAT pictures last week when he was in NY from that one). I do like the photo-assign feature (nothing new there, I had it with the V600) and being able to assign different ring tones to callers in my address book (ditto the V600) Video feature..fuzzy at best.Ringtones -- I don't even use the ones that came with the phone. I paid a charge of just under $8 over at freeringers.net & get unlimited ringtones, wallpaper, etc...it comes with a nifty converter that lets you make/rip any song on your computer - or a cd - into a ringtone -- not bad for a one-time charge of, again I say...under 8 bucks. When I change the phone -- and trust me, I will as soon as I decide which Motorola to go with --all I have to do is change the phone type I currently have to the new phone type. It's the first time I've found a 'free' ringtone service that means what they say! They offer 4 slots so you can share the service with your friends/family. The only downside is that if you screw up a number, you can't delete it, so definitely be careful with that! They also don't bug you with annoying emails, etc. (one service I tried keeps sending me text msgs reminding me of my login info! They were supposed to be 'free for life' at $29.95 but changed hands..guess what..the new folks are not honoring that free for life motto!)okay, back to my review: Bluetooth - any camera I own now must have Bluetooth technology. Setting up the Z520a to use w/my headset was relatively easy. No upside/downside to that..

Ok, I am going to make this really short.  I have dropped this phone out of my pocket 20 feet onto a wood deck.  Still worked.  I have left it outside in the snow for a few hours in Indiana during a January winter, and it worked.  I recently had this phone go through a Washer, and 90 minute Dryer cycle (forgot it was in my pants pocket)  I took the battery off, put the battery back on, and presto.. It WORKED!  I hate cell phones, and I can't say much for the customer service a few carriers give to you, but as far as this phone goes... I am going to give it five stars. I can't seem to kill it.  I wonder if it is bulletproof?  If it is, I will write another review.  BUY THIS PHONE!

i thought this phone was amazing at first... all the extra features are nice with 16 mb of memory and a nice camera but there are some gltches  this phone has good potential but i do not think it is ready for market yet my screen came loose and it shuts off sometimes at random.  the phone turns off if to close to another phone.  i returned this phone and got the razr instead. although it doesnt have as much memory it is more dependable

I got the Sony Ericsson phone yesterday and it 100% better than the Motorola RAZR, which I am returning today and would never recommend to anyone.RAZR only offers 3 ring tones (stingy!), the speaker volume is low, the handset volume is also low, even when I tune the volume to max.Sony has lots of ring tones, speaker and handset volume are much louder, can take picture with phone closed, AND it can take videos too.Also, Sony's phone is much easier to user, consider that my father who doesn't know English couldn't memorize the basic functions in RAZR but easily learned the same features in the Sony.Cingular now offers the Sony phone for cheap, so anyone spending a lot of money on the RAZR is just throwing $$ in the trash.  RAZR is full of hot air with some style and zero substance.Sony phone is smaller & cuter (the thickness is just a little more than the thickness of my Samsung phone), easier to handle, overall design is more user friendly, and offers more features.I haven't tried the bluetooth yet, but I'm sure it'll be just fine.

We upgraded our phones right after Christmas and bought 2 RAZR's and 2 SE z520a's.  My sons love their phones.  My daughter and I loved ours, too, for about 2 weeks!As much as we hate to, we've boxed them up to send back to Cingular.  They are great phones as long as long as they are working.  My daughter first noticed she was missing calls.  She said the phone would vibrate without ringing and when she tried to answer it she could not hear nor be heard.  Since it only happened a couple of times and this phone had good reviews, I didn't worry about it.  Then I noticed there were times I would be talking to someone and then couldn't hear them, although the call timer was still running.  I wanted to believe that Cingular was having some service problems and then it happened.  I noticed my phone with it's cool lights dancing and realized that I didn't hear a ring.  I popped it open to answer and got dead air.  Isn't it funny how it's always worse when it happens to you?  Well, this was serious.I immediately went to the Cingular forums and found lots of frustrated people wanting help with these phones, most having the same problems with them.  Those complaints weren't there when I ordered our phones.  I saw today that Cingular has pulled the z520a from their sales site.Some people believe that a memory leak is the cause.  They have suggested powering down the phones each day.  That didn't work for us.  We put the call into Cingular, boxed up our really cute phones and are now waiting for the labels to ship them back.  The new sim cards work great in our old phones.  They will just have to do until Cingular puts an improved version of the Z520a or something equally cool up for sale.  Something that will match the functions of the RAZR without the blocky width and it needs lights that help you find it in the bottom of a purse.  I miss my defective phone!

Overall, the phone is good. The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone. The speaker is pretty audible, ringtones understandable.But, one of the disadvantages of it is the Camera/Video button on the left side of the phone. On my phone, the SLIGHTEST touch, will enable the phone's camera, and it will take pictures. My phone has taken well over 120 photos of my pocket, my fingers, blurred scenes and random unintended places. When you answer a call or dial a call, your finger naturally lands near the vicinity of the Camera/Video button. The camera can be enabled DURING a phone conversation, thus it will take pictures after repeated accidental presses on the button.Basically, I would be walking around the house, with the phone in my pocket, and I would hear this shutter noise. Then another, then another, then another. I take out the phone from my pocket, and see the camera enabled. But it was just in my pocket! Solution? Don't touch the button. As far as I know, there is no way to disable, or lock the Camera/Video button on the side of the phone, which, to me, is the main Con factor of this phone.

i got this phone for christmas and for the first month it seemed fine, then it started to freeze and  not work. i got it replaced and the new one worked for only a little too.  last night the speaker in the back was humming and no sounds would be heard on the phone. im exchanging it for a motorola today..dont buy

I like the phone, but don't like the service plan through AT&T. I would say that you should try to unlock the phone, so you can use it with any carrier.

We have THREE of these phones from Cingular.  COmpared it side by side against the Razr.After about 2 weeks of intensive use, we like this phone better than the Razr in everything area except for two things: reception sensitivity and screen size.Pros:Lighter, smaller, slightly more tactile key, and most importantly - more analog sound both in the earpiece and transmitting than the Razr. It simply sounds more natural.  Also, having a synthetic body (some kind of plastic) along with its lightweight, should be more durable than the Razr.  GREAT talk time compared to the razr etc.  Bluetooth with plantronics works just fine. Zero problems there.  Finally, the speaker phone is quite usable and noticeably better on both the transmitting and receiving end compared to the Razr.  Also, very consistent quality - all three of our phones work identically in reception strength and sound quality.  Kudos there.Cons:Razr has better reception. This is a big one.  Our home is in the fringe area of reception in the mountains. Decending to the 'basement', we have very very fringe reception.  Barely 1 bar at times.  Razr takes the call no problem and maintains rock solid connection. The Sony would make the call maybe once out of five times, and then drop it repeatedly after seconds.  Basically not usable in this very fringe environment.  We continue to drop calls with CIngular often even with 3 bars in different environments.  Not sure if it is the phone or Cingular.Also, Razr does have a bigger screen that is just more of a pleasure to see.  This is minor for us.Currently, we are keeping the Z520 but the weaker reception than the Razr and dropped calls on all three Z520 is driving us a bit 'nuts'.  We have 30 days to decide whether to keep it and are still evaluating.Hope this helps.Addendum after 3 weeks:I would not give it 1 or 2 stars if I could.  Called Cingular multiple times to resolve our problems to no avail and received some erroneous information.  With all three phones, we would regularly drop calls even with 3 or 4 bars showing.  Further, just sitting on our desk, the phone would bounce from 1 to 4 bar and back in seconds.  Something is wrong with the internal algorithm.  It is possible that the phone is searching for alternate bands?  Can't set the band manually.  VERY frustrating and poor performance after extensive testing with 3 phones.Final update:We traded all 3 for Razrs and the difference is remarkable.  The Razr exhibited NONE of the problems of the Z520 with the many dropped calls.  Simply blows the Z520 away.  We tried our best to  like the Z520 but am very happy with the Razr.  Also, we racked up a bunch of unintentional charges with the Z520 as you can push many additional $$ services inadvertantly with just ONE button.  THis happened on ALL three Z520s and was very irritating.  We never saw this coming until the bill showed up.  Cingular charge $20 for games which we never intentionally loaded.  They did reverse charges though when we challenged it. In all, one star phone.

Wow, these are the same problems I've been having~~!! My friend got the same phone and he is experiencing the same problems as well! OYE!! One time my sister called me and when I picked up, I got this Hispanic lady speaking to me in spanish. I think we were both shocked....she hanged up first. Every couple of days (if I don't turn my phone off) my phone would flash with no ringtone....the problem is fixed when I restart the phone. I do not plan to return my phone at the moment, but IF the phone should start missing calls, I will definitely return it!!@

The phone is good but connecting it to the computer is another matter. The software from Sony is too Buggy and their helpdesk is totally helpless. Poor guys its not their fault.Just my 2 cents

I've had this phone for only two days now, but I have really notice a lot great features about this phone that you do not get from other brands in this price range. Everything advertised about this phone has been true so far.

I am totally in love with this phone. This is the first phone that I could use without worrying if the signal is going to drop. It is so much more reliable and lighter than z500. Plus it's when you change faceplates, you don't have to worry about all the dust and faceplate slipping off. Sure it has a *VERY* sensitive camera button but I find it entertaining to see what pictures I have taken by accident. That's just me but oh well. You can't have your cake and eat it too

Well, I learned my lesson.  I have been and always will be a motorola fan although I thought I would try something new and there in lies my mistake.  Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with the phone other than the fact that it did not fit me at all.  After one days use, I went home, put it in the box, called cingular to tell them I was returning it and haven't regreted it since.  I kept hitting the camera button, it did not feel comfortable on my face when I was talking on the phone and the 'new age' antenna is a load of you know what.  After I got it in the mail, I realized how ugly of a phone it was and the technology aspect never really won me over.  Sony needs to reconsider how they make phones for this one was more a pain in the rear to use than anything else.  I have ordered what I originally wanted which was the motorola v557 and can't wait to get it for I truly miss my moto!

I bought 3 Sony Ericson 520a phones from amazon and had them for 2 days. In 2 days I had enough problems with them that I had to return.I had lot of connectivity problems with the phone...The phone rings and I see the phone number of the caller but I cant talk or hear nothing, only silence on both ends (even though call reamains connected).It happened 5 times in a single day, even though the phone was showing  good signal strength. It was the same with all the phones.The camera button cant be deactivated and it turns on with out your knowledge even when it is in a purse or a pocket or even while you are talking to some one. At one point it shot and stored 15 photos while it was in my pocket. I was hearing faint sound of camera clicking, but i dint realize it was my phones camera.And added to all this there is little flexibility or choice it offers. Not many ring tones, most of the buttons have fixed functions and little room to change or set things to our preference.

Pros: Great reception, nice flashing lights, decent menu's, good bluetooth, great battery life.Cons: Flimsy lid, terrible camera quality compared to most other new phones. I don't care for the sync software. Most importantly ... There is an extra camera button on the left top side of the phone as your looking at it. This is right where I and my wife hold the phone to open or talk, guess what?...You end up with the memory full of pictures of the inside of your car, the floor, the ceiling and everything else. I emailed Sony and they said to get their generic phone case which should cover the button. but their is no way to deactive it. I think I'm going to put a drop of gel superglue and fix it myself..lol.I would not rate this as an excellent phone, I should have returned it. I use the Nokia 6682 and it replace my Motorola MPX200 Smartphone (MPX200 microsoft as usual, very buggy with lots of reboots). Hands down the Nokia is way superior in every way. Some say the camera on the Nokia is terrible indoors. This is true if you have low light. With enough light and outdoor pictures I can actually use the picture on my laptop. The 520 however looks like crud. Only useable on the little screen on the phone itself. Hopefully this review helps you.

Okay, so I purchased 15 of these Sony flip phones for my business and gave them to 15 different workers.  The phone is very nice size with plenty of good features and very good reception.However, after the first week of use EVERY single person complained about the same thing.  There are two side buttons, one for the camera and one for the volume, and these buttons cannot be deactivated!!!  It is nearly impossible to open the phone, or use the phone without hitting these buttons consistently.  It is highly annoying and I must now exchange all of these phones for something else.  My professional employees would not use them because of this.Now, all of you who are stuck with these phones must do their best to get Sony Ericcson to fix this problem.  (...) Do not settle with the bottom level of support, ask for their supervisors, etc.  They admit this problem and say there is no plans to fix it!  Can you believe that Sony would do this?!?!?  Now I ask you, if Sony puts their name on this phone and doesn't catch this in their QC department aren't you skeptical of all of their products???  I am, and opted to buy an HDTV other than Sony.  Do yourself a favor, do not get this phone unless you want to experience this problem....or if you are stuck with this phone lodge your complaint and maybe some engineer will put a fix on their web site.  All we need a downloadable patch to deactivate these two side buttons.  Is this that hard?!?!?!??!?!  After spending 15 hours on the phone with Cingular to get these phones (as anyone who had to migrate from the At&T; side with Cingular will be verbally raped by their service, but this is another story) I now have to return all of these phones and again deal with their dehumanizing support.  Wohhh, is me, and thanks for nothing Sony :(  (...) I tried to pluck the side camera button off with a screwdriver but that did not seem to work :(  Please, someone out there give me a hack to solve this heck of a problem!!!Sincerely,Mr. HIGHLY-ANNOYED

I haven't had any of the issues other users have reported, and I've used the phone extensively for a month.  If I do run into some the problems reported I will simply have the firmware upgraded by Cingular or will exchange it for a phone with the upgrade already installed.  The features that this phone has simply cannot be beat by any other phone in its class/price-range.  My wife also has a z520a and has had the same positive experiences so far.

I bought this phone in April and I must say don't buy a phone on looks alone. Though I love the phone the most annoying thing is I get almost to no signal anywhere inside buildings and sometimes outside the phone will just cut out due to no signal.Besides the signal problem this phone is great - mine came with a free bluetooth headset and 2 free face plates, one of which is furry to touch. You can buy faceplates separately, which is a nice change to only Nokia phones getting them.The phone itself has many settings and allows you to go on the Internet and download songs, sounds, themes, music, games, videos and much more.Some things that are special to this phone include changing how the light glow around the phone, a MusicDJ, a VideoDJ, PhotoDJ, world clock, remote control, media player, camera and infrared port.You have other average settings like calendar, alarms, scheduler, themes, master reset, sound recorder, tasks, notes, synchronization, timer, stopwatch, calculator, code memo, profiles, language, shortcuts, speed dial, silent mode, key sound, wallpaper (internal & external), screensaver and brightness.Overall it's a great little phone and I'd recommend it to my friends.

I bought 5 of these phones this past week for my family plan. The phone has everything we wanted, quad band, blue tooth and a camera. My biggest problem is the continual inactive smart chip errors that occur. I need to reboot the phone several times a day. Neither Cingular nor Sony knows what is going on. My second problem, which others have noted, is the poor location of the camra button. The software needs to be changed, so that the camera can only work after activation through the menu. (This is an easy firmware fix for Sony, if enough people complain about it. )

I've had this phone since about two months before its market debut. It has been plagued with problems since the beginning. Pictures have dissapeared, the speaker has gone dead, and the phone has randomly shut down. Hopefully these problems were just because i had a pre-production version of this phone, but if not i would not recommend this phone for anyoned.

Phone is good... Doesn't have a great camera or music support, but it does it's job, and that's communication. Have no problems with it, and it's easy to use. It also feels much more solid than my v551 I previously had.

I needed a phone with a long battery life and bluetooth. I use it 99% as a phone, so games, text messages, etc was not really a consideration. After about 1/2 year, I can say I am very very happy. Reception is great (SF Bay area, that is a big deal), battery life is amazing, and bluetooth works great. It turned out I love MP3 ring tones - I can use sone nice music now. I had no problems with contact synchronization on bot Windows and a Mac.

as other people have stated, there have been problems with the z520a in the memmory allocation department, causing the phone to not ring. people, THIS IS SOLVED BY SIMPLY SHUTTING THE PHONE OFF AND TURNING IT ON AGAIN EVERY 1-2 DAYS.this is not a gigantic hassle. this phone has been recalled, but as i am aware, cingular will replace all phones sold with this problem... with a brand new, reflashed phone.ok, moving on to phone features. its a cute, quirky phone, which is not for everyone. lack of dedicated send and end buttons can cause problems for some. the buttons really are slightly difficult to get used to but beoyond that, this phone is packed with features. bluetooth, decent camera, great reception, and the nifty light patterns. its a good, midgrade phone, for not a ton of money. i do highly sugjest it, and i would have given it a 5 dispite the lack of send and end buttons.

I am using Debian Linux Sid with kernel 2.6.16, and the SE Z520a works fine with it over Bluetooth using a generic USB adaptor. The phone supports OBEX file transfer, allowing me to copy pictures and videos to and from the phone, and to delete them, also, using Kbluetooth and the Konqueror file manager. Using the following ffmpeg command [ffmpeg -i videoname.mov -s qcif -r 15 -b 64 -vcodec mpeg4 -ac 1 -ar 8000 -ab 12 -acodec aac -pass 1 videoname.3gp] I was able to convert videos into a format that can be played on the phone to entertain the kids. They can only be a half an hour at the most, however due to the 16mb file size limit. I have not tried to use the phone as a modem as I do not have any internet or data on my account at the moment. That will probably have to wait for the future as I do not yet have a computer that needs such services. Using OBEX SyncML to transfer the address book over Bluetooth does not yet work in Linux, but it is being worked on, and will hopefully work in the future. Otherwise, the other reviews covered all the other aspects of the phone. **Update** Ich have now used it as a modem with Linux and it works fine.

This phone is excellent.  The best I've had as far as reliability and signal - may be partly because of Cingular, too.  The buttons are a little hard to get used to, but it doesn't take long.  The screen is clear and easy to read, the battery stays charged for a good amount of time (especially if you don't use it to call anyone), and it's just an overall good phone.  I totally recommend it.

The z520a is by far, the best mobile I have ever owned.  Originally, I believed the 16 MB would not be enough, but it turns out to be plenty as long as you upload your pictures and movies every once in awhile onto your computer via bluetooth or IR.The second screen is not only an excellent way to take pictures of yourself (it acts as a "mirror" of sorts), but is also a great way to save battery life if you happen to be an impulsive cell phone checker (checking the external screen saves more battery life than opening and closing the phone), as you can check the time and date, as well as checking if you have missed calls, messages, or voice-mail.The outward antenna isn't an issue at all, but if you're a stickler for looks, it honestly looks fine.  The speaker on the back can handle much abuse as I have mp3 ringtones that use much bass, and the speaker doesn't have any issue playing them.A+ for an excellent phone, and likely the best phone I'll ever own for its price!

Even if you're careful, you might occasionally drop your phone. My previous phones were able to survive a few drops. I dropped this one ONCE, and the screen died. Before that, it worked fine.

Overall, the concept of this phone is very nice. There are nice features that are fun to use and handy when they work right. Both my husband and myself have these phones and they both have different quirks that should not happen on a phone we paid this much money for.First of all, the phone fails to ring DAILY. I've read that you have to shut down and restart the phone every day or two to prevent this. This is ridiculous to have to do. No, it's not hard, but when you pay a lot for a cell phone, you shouldn't have to be inconvenienced like that. I don't use my phone as much as a lot of people I know. I forget about it in my purse, often to find out hours or a day or two later that I missed a call.As others have said, the camera button is in a bad place and is too sensitive. One review suggested to buy a case, but as I keep my phone in my purse and will not use a belt clip (maternity clothes don't really have any good places for a clip), I would miss just as many calls trying to get to my phone and get it out of the case as I do when it fails to ring. It would be nice if they had an option to turn the button off completely and manually turn it on when needed. I've lost count of how many pictures have been taken of the inside of my purse or my husband's pocket.The other problems I've had were having the pictures I took show up blank in the pictures folder until I restarted the phone. I deleted several I shouldn't have because I thought they were random shots of the inside of my purse... completely black. Also, every now and then the phone completely freezes and the only button that ends up working is the power button. Everything seems to work ok after it restarts, but it happens even when the battery's fully charged. Once again, it's silly to have to do this over and over again to keep the phone in good working order.My husband's phone has a problem with the battery coming loose every now and then and, of course, the phone won't even start until he tightens the battery. I haven't read this being a vast problem with the phone, so it might be because he carries his around in his pocket... I'm not sure.I have a feeling we will be returning these phones soon to make sure we have the upgraded ones. I like the overall concept and mainly if I could get the phone to work without having to restart, I'd love to keep it. That's my main problem with it. We've never had problems with our past phones... all Nokia, if I remember correctly.

I had purchased two Z520a phones, one of which was defective upon receipt.I shipped the phone for warranty repairs.  However, I was without a cell phone for a month because of their lack of response.There seemed to be little to no communication between the warranty repair center and the customer service support.  It was difficult to get any repair information, and the phone was returned to me unrepaired with the statement that the repairs were not under the warranty coverage.Obviously, one less Sony Ericsson customer here.........

My wife and I both own this phone. Needless to say we are both disappointed with the poor quality. The main problems we encountered are:1) The phones will go into a weird state at random; The phone appears to be working but will not receive calls or make calls. The only way to get the phone to work again is to physically remove the battery and then replace it. When the phone reboots it will work.2) The camera quality is poor and the images are compressed too much. Plus, because of where the camera button is located, it is fairly easy to unknowingly take dozens of pictures of the inside of your pocket or purse.3) One of the phones died after 11 months. The inside screen was toast.I am surprised that some people actually like this phone. Our experience has been that these phones are junk.

The first test that I gave this phone was to take it to work with me to the bakery department in the supermarket, {where I work} and inside the walkin freezer with the door closed, I had no problem getting my voice mail. I called a friend {no problem } who also called me back. Great reception and a great little phone by Sony.Very easy setup, and easy activation by Cingular. The keypad has a great feel to it and it is nicely backlighted in a deep blue color I think this phone is just super . Go for it!

My wife and I did some online checking before we bought our Sony Ericsson Z520a phones from Cingular. It turns out that we were lucky when we bought them, because we received the phones with the latest firmware upgrade. If you buy this phone and have problems, you need to contact customer service. They will replace your phone.The biggest negative is the camera button. It is very sensitive. A lot of people have complained about it. Apparently there's either a new version, or an international version, that has a spring inside the button that requires a harder press. A firmware upgrade could fix this (require the case to be open, for instance). I'm hoping for this. It doesn't help that the button is positioned so my thumb always wants to push it.On the positive side, it's a light phone with good quality sound. It's sensitive to the direction you point it. I talked to my wife yesterday and the phone cut out a couple of times. On the other hand, the signal quality in our apartment is good, whereas our old Nokia's would cut out entirely. So sometimes the sound cuts out, but in general you have better reception. It plays polyphonic ringtones and MP3s as ringtones. You can get quite a lot of volume out of the ringtones, which is good as our old phones were too quiet (often couldn't hear them ring in another room).The battery life is excellent; the batteries are not. If you use it just as a phone, you should get something close to 10 days on standby. I'm not sure how much time, maximum, you get from talking. The literature says 5 hours, and some reviews have suggested that it's closer to the truth than most companies' marketing information. Unfortunately, the batteries aren't well made. We've had ours replaced twice, each, in two years.The sync cable doesn't come with the device, and it's pretty pricey at $24.95. The software for syncing the phone is free online. I downloaded it, installed it, and within half an hour I was putting MP3s on my phone to use as ringtones without haveing to connect to the internet! When I bought a new laptop with Bluetooth I didn't need the cable anymore.Sony Ericsson also gives you free software for creating your own themes. It takes a little getting used to and lots of trial and error, but in a couple of nights I put together a pretty decent little "Invader Zim" theme on the phone. I have little graphics from the show for everyone on my contacts list.The menu system is easy to use. You can define hotkeys for the four directions of the "browser ring", which is nice.The phones were okay for what we paid, but I'm less than happy with the batteries. Recently my phone has been powering down for no reason, and I can't start it back up until I pull the battery. I suspect that the battery is dying again. I'd get it replaced, but it's no longer under warranty, so I'm going to find a replacement phone.I originally rated the phone as a 4, but I'd now rate it as 3.

I love the looks, the form factor, the great reception (more bars showing than any of my previous phones), the MP3 ringtones, and its many other features. It works with the Google Maps for Mobile client, and with the GMail client (these are cool Java apps that you download onto the phone from Google).I had one problem where it would connect to my Prius over Bluetooth when I turned the car on, and then about a minute later, the phone would beep and drop the Bluetooth connection. I eventually worked out the fix - go into the phone's Bluetooth menu and turn on the "Powersave" option, which makes it only accept one Bluetooth connection at a time. Now it works with my car's handsfree mode perfectly.The Bluetooth connection to my Mac works really well, and it was not hard to sync my address book, or transfer MP3s to the phone over Bluetooth.

first and foremost, i'm a gadget geek so i REALLY researched phones before deciding on one. i bought this phone about a week ago and have been testing out every feature on it. i really spent a lot of time reading reviews on various phones - read all the various reviews on amazon and cnet as well as other gadget sites. the 520a was cheap, had bluetooth, was a flip phone, and didn't have one of those annoying antennas which stick out. i also have a powerbook and this phone syncs beautifully if you have a bluetooth enabled mac.pros --i really like the look and feel of the phone.-i like "sexy" gadgets and this definitely meets my standards-can't beat all the features i got for only 39 bux from cingular-it's sturdy and just the right weight so that i don't drop it.-i don't like the hinge to be too easy to open because sometimes i like to hook the phone on my jeans pocket for easy access.-bluetooth worked great to sync up the calendar, tasks and contacts on my powerbook.-features were relatively easy to learn after being a nokia user for 6 years.-large number of ring tones.-able to have mp3 ringtones and customize ringtones for certain callers.-shortcuts allowed me to do some customization for features I use more often.-great camera features - panoramic pics, video-quadband allows for better reception in my house (all my friends have problems with reception in my house - it must be all the lead in the walls =P  )-love, love, love being able to check the % battery life and my day's appointments on the external screen with the touch of a button.cons --sensitive camera button (like you've seen on every review)-my old phone had digital and analog. so before i had worse reception, but i had warning when it was going to cut out since i would start hearing static. now i get no warning when my call will be dropped. however overall reception is still 80% better. I used to not be able to pick up  my phone at all on the first floor. now i have no problem.-i was used to a candy bar phone before so i'm getting used to the whole flip phone thing.-vibrate isn't as loud as my old phone (i used to be able to hear my old phone rattle in my backback or my purse. can't hear this phone)-battery life is not as long as they advertise, but it's longer than my old phone. i lasted 4 days on my last charge with heavy use. i talk at least an hour a day and i was learning the phone so i was playing with all the features.overall, great phone. haven't had any technical problems with the phone. i had one of the boxes with the little yellow dot so that means the firmware was upgraded. very happy with my purchase! the only other phones i would rather have cost hundreds more. i'll be upgrading in 2007 when i can afford to pay more (i'm in grad school right now). in 2007 they will be much smaller (less # parts) and have many more features.

I too was getting a lot of pictures of the inside of my pocket.  I just loaded the phone up with songs (about 9 LOL) and now there is no room for anything, much less a picture.  :)

Good lightwight phone for less money!!- Good speakerphone (but needs phone open)- Good camera- lightweight- not problems with reception so far- great connectivity with computer via infrared and bluetooth- Smaller as compared to RAZR or z500

This Is A Perfect Phone For Anyone Who Wants A Good Camera Phone At A Good Price, It Has A Lot of Options To Customize Your Phone In Any Way ! Add Pictues To Your Contacts, Ringtones ( the two i use the most )And Much More... Buy This Phone And See For Yourself !

My frustrations with this phone have prompted me to write my very first review on amazon.  I have had three different versions of this phone in the last 3 months including one with the new hardware update- but it consistently drops calls and the display don't work.  I was unable to place or make calls for two days although the phone thought I was "connected"= so I have been a cell phone user for >10 years and have never had so many problems with one phone- I had to write something to save someone else from my frustration-

I was looking for a phone to make decent phone calls.  That's all I wanted.  I didn't need to watch tv or use the internet or any of that fancy stuff.  I just wanted a sturdy phone with good quality sound and good reception.This phone is it!  The buttons are large enough that I don't have to use my fingernail to press the buttons, EVERYTHING is customizable.  For every contact, you can add a picture, seperate ringtone AND a different light effect!  You can also customize the ouside/inside/startup screens & a screensaver.The camera is good and the reception is great for my area ((central PA)).  The call volume is loud and clear ... and so are the ringtones!!  The phone is also very lightweight.  So far, my battery life is excellent too.I must say, I am very impressed with this phone.  I traded it in after dealing with a crappy LG7200 for a month.  I'm glad I did.

After reading the reviews here on Amazon I had mixed feelings on whether to get this phone or not.  There are some very positive reviews and some strongly negative ones.  I went ahead and got it and I LOVE THIS PHONE.  Its just pefect. Small and light and easy to use and lots of features.  Excellent reception and voice quality and a good user interface.  I havent had any problems with the camera taking pictures ont its own.  Not once have I had to delete any inadvertent pictures.You do have to use the sony headset or one compatible with the Sony Ericsson models.  You cant just use a generic pair of headphones.  Buy a set on e-bay if you want some wired headphones to use with it.I am glad I got this model and would choose it again.

This phone works great and sounds clear. I have family with Nokia's and they have issues getting a good signal but my Ericson Z520a gets 4 to 5 bars. When I am on the phone you do not get the typical cutting in and out as you do on many cell phones. Even in the car on the freeway my wife can hear me clear without any breaking up or distortion.My wife also has the Ericson Z520a and does not have a problem using the phone and likes the extra ring tones. It is great with both IR and Bluetooth available. Options for getting extra personal ring tones is great.The camera button is not that big just in a place where most people grab the phone if it is in a bag or pocket. It is easy to get out of the camera mode with one click of the back button and you can go from there. I would rather hit a camera button then an internet button or other paid feature on accident like you can on some other cell phones. You do have the option of telling the phone to answer the call when you open the phone so you do not have to worry about missing any calls.The battery life is great, I can talk a lot and do not need to charge it every night. So if you are traveling, you can survive without living next to a cell charger.It comes with some demo games already installed but they are only demo games. Full version of the games can be bought for under $7.The button size is not bad at all. I have big hands and have no problems hitting the correct buttons on the phone. This phone has good size buttons for a small cell phone.

I bought the unlocked version of this phone for using it outside the US and I've been using it for more than a month now and up to now I'm glad with the purchase. Being a Motorola user for the past 2 years, I preferred this phone over the Motorola V3 black since now everybody has the V3. At every corner you see someone using it, whereas the Z520a is not even being sold here in my country... that, and a 60$ difference when I bought it. Also, the fact that the Z520a came with over 17 MB of internal memory and the V3 only has like 6 MB.Now, the Pros: Nice design, sturdy construction, its small, better user interface than Motorolas, 17 MB memory for storing lots of pics, vids, themes, games, and of course, mp3 ringtones. Useful external screen, the battery last almost a week without charging. I like the file manager, it sorts files by type and gives access to the entire flash memory and the address book is very accesible, displays useful information and it's neatly organized. The external speaker plays mp3s loud and clear enough. The option for taking self portraits with the help of the external LCD is great. And the side lights are a nice add-on to show to your friends (look: shiny lights!!).The Cons: Well, first, I would have given 5 stars to this phone if it came with any type of slot for additional storage (My kingdom for a transflash slot!)... second, both LCD screens are hard to see on a sunny day. It's difficult to open the phone with one hand (something I could do easily with my old V-551). The speakerphone is not so loud when you are in a conversation even if the volume is all the way up. Finally, I have a Motorola HS-820 bluetooth headset that I used with my last phone, but it seems the Z520a doesn't likes this headset. I cannot voice dial and if you make a call using the phone's keypad you have to keep the phone open, or it will hang the call, which is not very pleasant. Maybe its a configuration setting I'm not making but who knows. On the other hand, the wired hands-free that comes with the phone is very nice. It has great sound and you can use it as a one-ear headphone for mp3's since it has better sound than a lot of other cheap headphones.In the overall, I think its a great phone except for those problems I mentioned. I recommend it.

It works fine. good battery. Ok reception.looks great and enough function. Bluetooth works great with our GPS.However it broke twice in a year. and the camera button was way to sensitive. many blank shoots in the bag.

If you travel overseas, you want a quad band phone. However, until recently that pretty much restricted you to Motorola. I've had three Motorola phones, and they all fell apart within a year, so I wasn't about to buy another one. In addition, I find the current Motorola user interface (on the RAZR) ugly and hard to use.So, I was delighted when Sony Ericsson finally released a quad band phone in the USA, and Cingular picked it up. The Z520a is a phone for people who want a phone. It's small, robustly built, and has all the features you could reasonably want for telephony. The flashing lights are a gimmick, but a gimmick that can be useful in noisy environments.If you want to use high speed data services, this phone is not for you, as it lacks EDGE support. If you want to browse the web, this phone is probably not for you--it has a web browser, but the screen is small. If you want to listen to music, get an iPod--this phone only has 17MB free when you get it, and there's no headphone jack. If you want to take 4x6 photos, again, this isn't the phone you want--the 640x480 resolution is good for e-mailing fun web snapshots, but that's about it.But as I say, it's a phone. It's small enough to fit in the pocket of your jeans. It'll pair with a Toyota Prius via Bluetooth for hands free use. It'll pair with a Mac and sync your contacts and calendars via iSync. It'll play your choice of MIDI files or MP3s sent from your computer as ringtones, so you don't have to pay for overpriced downloads. For my phone at least, Cingular didn't lock down the Bluetooth or otherwise cripple the phone's functionality.I had a Sony Ericsson T68i, which was incredibly slow. I'm happy to report that this phone is lightning fast by comparison--no noticable lag in the user interface. Java applications take a while to start up, but run fine once they're up.Why not 5 stars? Well, the inner screen is absurdly easy to scratch--you'll want a screen protector. Also, the arrow keys are a bit fiddly to press; a scroll wheel or joystick would have been very welcome.

My brother got this phone for me from cingular. ive had many phones, but compared to this one they all STINK! The antenna is alot cooler than an ugly pull up one, and there are two screens, one on the inside and one on the outside. you can even customise you phone with pop off frames, witch is really cool. this phone can do EVERYTHING that any other phone can do and MORE! There just isnt that EDGE thing or whatever that is, but that doesnt matter. It has Light FX on the outside, and it can play MP3. The keys light up blue, and it is the best. if you want to have a phone that looks cool, and can do it all, GET IT!

I'm having a problem with my Z520a and I was wondering if anyone else has seen this.Every few days or so, I will notice the GUI gets distorted on the phone. The animated wallpaper will turn into a solid color, menu buttons don't look right, and there is a black box behind any highlighted item in the Settings screen.Once I notice this, I can't talk on any calls I receive or make. Only silence on both ends. My ringtone doesn't active either, when I receive a call. The phone just vibrates.The only solution to this is to reboot the phone, which is a real pain.I love this phone, but this problem is really annoying. Does anyone have any insight?

First, I'd like to start off by saying that up until about 3 weeks ago, the Z520a had flawed software on it, which is probably the cause of most users' problems. If you take your phone to Cingular they can update the phones with the older software to the newest version.Now, with that said, I have been pleased with the Z520a. It is built solidly, has some good features (Bluetooth, dual color displays, camera) for a very pleasing price. I got the Z520a as kind of a second phone (my main phone is the Nokia 8801) but I have played around with the Z520a for about 2 weeks just to get an impression of it.First, this phone has great reception! Previous Sony Ericssons have had pretty average to poor reception; this one however, even beats out my Nokia! That's very impressive. Call quality is also very good, both using the earpiece and the speakerphone, which has a very large speaker for a cell phone, and that keeps calls (and ring tones) very clear even at maximum volume; there is no distortion.The user interface is among the best I have used, and it's very stable. I will never buy or recommend a Motorola again until they have released their new operating system for phones, as their current OS is terrible and buggy. The Z520a, from Sony Ericsson, however, does not suffer from this, and is very solid and easy to navigate. The internal screen is also easy to read and fairly bright and sharp. It's not the best screen, but it is perfectly acceptable for the price of the phone, and it is an active matrix display, which helps keep it from washing out as much. The external display, though a passive matrix type display, is pretty good and serves its purpose well.Battery life is pretty good, and when you press the up key on the side of the phone, in the run down of details about your phone, it has a battery life percentage as well, so instead of having 1 2 or 3 blocks for judging battery life, you also have an actual percentage, which is nice.Bluetooth works very well, it is easy to use and pair with other devices, and it a fairly advanced implementation, especially for this class of phone, even offering remote control of a computer (when paired to do so). It is also possible to synchronize with Microsoft Outlook on a computer without any special software, just using the standard Bluetooth synch system.Pictures from the built in camera are decent for a camera phone, but overall, they are still pretty poor (as pretty much any camera phone pictures are outside of Asia).There is only one notable fault I could find with the phone, and that is the camera button located on the side of the phone. It is very easy to accidentally press. You do have to press and hold in order to activate it, however, if it's in a pocket or something, that's not necessarily hard to do, so you end up snapping pictures of the black abyss of the inside of your jeans.Otherwise, for the average cell phone user, whose main intent is to make calls, this Z520a is a perfectly wonderful device.

This phone is almost perfect. When we upgraded our Cell one contract to GSM, I went with a RAZR, my wife went with a SE Z500. The error of my ways became apparent within the first day.We live in rural MN, I could give a plugged nickel about my phone functioning as a camera or MP3 player. I have the appropiate toys for these purposes. I do however, want my phone to work well as a phone.. there's a concept.The first day, my wife and I are playing with the new phones and she has great signal anywhere in the house. Meanwhile, me an my RAZR are hugging the windows, looking at the deer and trying to make a call.Two (2) RAZRs later... I could only recieve and make calls if I had a full 5 bars of signal. 4 or less equals "Call Failed". Yes, my wife is calling everyone on her Z500 like its a damn landline. Now, if you live in rural MN, you already know that the only time you are going to get five full bar signal strength is when you strike the cell tower with your car.So...I've had it. I go to my dealer, he tells me about the Z520. I buy it and it is so apparent the this phone rocks. My RAZR sits there with "Emergency Only" on the screen while I use my Z520 and it sounds like a landline. Hello Moto?... you suck dirty socks.Now the con... and it seems so silly that it just has to be an oversight given how well the Z520 functions. Yes, it is the damn camera button that everyone is talking about. At first, I thought these people were placing the clamshell phone in their pocket in the open position. Then reality strikes, if the external shutter button is pressed long enough, it will indeed take a picture of your pocket... like over and over again. How can this be?I still love the reception of this phone for my service area. But the camera thing can and needs to be fixed in a firmware update by Sony Ericsson. If you own this phone, email SE and insist that the make this phone the perfect phone it could be.... Thank you for your support.

i received this phone as a christmas present, since i saw it i was fascinated with it, so finally on the 25th i owned it! awesome!, its was the white one, so it wans t month yet and i started with issues, like the playnow, sometimes didnt work, the camera sound that should never be off, suddenly stopped, and twice, i received a call and the screnn shut off, as well the lights and the sound kept on, there was no way no make it react unless taking off the battery, and the infrared port falied 3 or 4 times, so i turned it back, and when i went back for it, they told me there was no way my phone could be repaired, since i bought it was wrong, so all my sounds, music, ringtones, videos, pics, etc......i lost them! all of them!!, just because sony ericsson cant work well, and be a professional company i lost important pictures, and stuff they told me that if i wanted they could give me another one, but they just had them on gray, and after what happend, i chose not to take the chance again, so i payed a difference of 20 and received a panasonic vs2 with a built in camera with 1.3 mp and 32mb of built in memory!.......what a hencesonyericsson has the heapest and latest phones, but ive known lots of people that find them with defects, or between 6 months to 1 yr of use starts to develop failures, and taking more time to open features and stuff, the camera sucks, the worst definition ever, and ive owned, nokia, motorola and now panasonic, so thhis phone really is a waste of money, besides its 16mb of memory sucks to!, i had just 2 songs, about 20 extraringtones, and 52 pictures ans memory was full..:s...oh yeah and 2 or 3 videoclips, about 12 seconds on each, so it really sucks, if you like it wait until their price lows it a lot of money thrown.

After owning this phone for two weeks, I returned it today and am so happy.  This phone sucked.  It looks good but the design has a fatal flaw.  The camera button is located at such a spot that when you pick up the phone and open up the flip, you will touch it.  You will touch it even when you are on the phone talking.  My husband once used my phone to make a call and took more than 10 photos when holding the phone talking.  His hand is too big for this phone to avoid touching the phone.  It became very annoying.Also, I had dropped calls often with this phone, but I was not sure it was the phone's problem or the service problem.  By the way, Cingular's customer service sucks too.  They close on Sundays and also close after 9pm on weekdays.  On Saturdays they are on a shortened schedule.  It was very inconvenient when you had a problem and needed help.

I got two of these phones.  One for me and one for my wife.  My wife had problems from the start.  Her phone didn't get good reception, but mine did.It was hard to find accessories for this phone.My daughter is teething and she got hold of the phone and slobbered on it.  The phone immediately started acting up.  The microphone stopped working, the top three buttons no longer work, lights stay lit when they aren't supposed to.I sent it in to Ericssons to have it repaired and it was returned to me unrepaired because the water damage voided the warranty.I've always had motorolas in the past.  This is the first ericssons.  I'll never get an ericssons again.

Pros:1.  Real music ringtones.2.  Bluetooth3.  Small form factorCons:1.  The phone tends to cut out based on the direction you are facing or if you put your hand over the antenna loop.2.  The placement of the button that activates the camera.  It is on the side of the phone, and just carrying it in your pocket is enough to activate the camera.  I'll be walking along, and all of a sudden I hear the camera snapping photos of the inside of my pocket.  Also, when you pick the phone up, you have to actually try to NOT activate the camera.  The button is right where you grab the phone when you pick it up.Conclusions:  While I love the bluetooth connectivity and the real music ringtones, there are other, better phones out there that have both.  If I had it to do over again, I would not buy this phone.

I'm a Cingular customer, and I've just exchanged this for something else.  I'm really bummed out that this phone isn't what it's all cracked up to be.  It's really really cool...but it doesn't work.The first thing you should do if you want this phone is to visit the Cingular forums and read all the posts about this phone - you'll be glad you did.  I thought initially that my problems might only be with my specific phone...looks like my problems are wide spread, and several other users had the same issues:The phone turns itself off unexpectedlyThe screen/wallpaper goes blackYou need to remove and replace the battery sometimes after the unit has crashed/frozen upMISSED CALLS, MISSED CALLS, MISSED CALLSPhone is not ready for prime time.  I'd stay away at all costs.  yes, it's a really neat little phone but for me, I'd rather have something dependable.

After migrating from former AT&T; Wireless to Cingular with hassles on 12/4/2005, I got the new Sony Ericsson Z520a, which is really beautiful and well-designed, then noticed there were some cut-outs that randomly made a few letters or words "blurred" and not understandable when listening to the Cingular Statements in dealer office. The next morning I tried in my cubicle, where Z520a had 4 signal bars! (My old Nokia only said 1 bar so I had to walk to the window side.) But there always were those annoying cut-outs that made me randomly ask my friends repeat their words. :(  Then tried listening to some computer-generated voice message systems, sometimes "customer" became "chi-stomer", "technology" became "tech-piu-gy", or phone number "1234567890" became "1234-kee-67890", I could't even go through a menu because a few menu items were "pronounced" to be not understandable! That's really unacceptable.Then in the evening of 12/5/2005 I visited the dealer office and showed them the cut-outs. In their office I tried another Z520a, to my surprise, the 2nd one was even worse with much more cut-outs, more than that, it could't even end a call maybe because its software/firmware was hanging somewhere and refused to respond. :(Well, I had to say bye-bye to the beautiful and cute Z520a although it's quad-band. I picked the tri-band Nokia 6102 due to Nokia's solid reception (it says also 3-4 bars in my cubicle) and clear voice quality without any confused voice. The most basic function I need from a cell phone is to call, listen, understand, and talk.

I have been using this phone for past 20 days. I have no complains to record. It is a small phone loaded with tons of features.

I actually got this phone at the Cingular store. It has been the worst phone I've ever owned in my life. I read  somewhere that the software that runs this phone has memory leak issues, and I am here to say IT DOES. After the phone has been on for a day or so without being shut off and turned back on, the ring tone starts to skip like a record with a scratch in it, then when I go to my menu of items, black squares appear where the icons should be, the games won't load up and there have been many times when I couldn't hear the caller, etc.Please buy another phone. I still trust the Sony name, but I am weary of their phones after this experience.  Can't wait to get another phone. The Nokias and Motorolas I had in the past never had issues like this piece of s**t.

Most things have already been said about this phone.  It's a good one for the price/class.For all the people complaining about the camera button, buy a bodyglove case for you phone.  Since I did this, I have not had one issue - not one - with the camera button.  The thin edge of the case adds just enough thickness to the side of the phone that the camera button is no longer too easy to accidentally press.

I recently purchased this phone and have only had it for a couple of weeks but am already thinking about exchanging it.  I was attracted by the quad band technology and outstanding talk and standby times.  I'm not the type who's swayed by Bluetooth, downloadble sounds and all that.  At the end of the day a cellular phone is still a phone, first and foremost.  While I sort of like the overall design, this phone has some nagging problems which should never have slipped through Sony Ericsson's design team.  For one, the keypad is too cramped and navigating through menus and icons requires too much attention.  You think you're pressing an arrow key and you end up making a phone call.  The buttons are too small.  There's no room on this phone for someone with large hands/fingers, and forget using this phone if you're elderly or unfamiliar with technology in general.  But... the MOST nagging problem of all is the large, sensitive camera button.  It is almost impossible to hold this phone without taking a picture accidentally.  My son-in-law has the Z500a and though it's really close in design, that phone is larger, has more room for fingers, and a much less sensitive phone button.  You'll be holding the phone, thinking you're checking your voicemail, or making a call, and suddenly you hear the shudder click!  It's absolutely maddening, and there's no way to disable the camera!  I'll try it for another week and then I may return it.  Until then, I can not in good conscience recommend this phone.  Thanks.

after reading some of the reviews on this item. i had to do it. i work in n out of freezers all day. i still get 4 bars in a freezer that is -35 degrees below. ok ok the ringtones occasionally slide around but its an easy fix. just change it back. but the ringtones that i set to certain callers remains the same. the bluetooth functions are great, and easy to use. the pictures i take are good, and clear. yes the camera button on the outside of the phone will take pictures of my pocket, but it takes 2 seconds to delete those pictures.

I've been looking for a Bluetooth phone for over two years now. I've never bought one before because they were always high-end phones with more features than I would ever care about using. I'd been following the Sony-Ericsson phones, but they were always expensive when new and followed the same pattern of featuritis.I just found this phone last week, and I bought it on the spot. It is exactly what I have been looking for -- a good phone with some very useful features, plus a few gimmicks for the young and hip (or young at heart and hipless). Among the more important features for me, mainly from a practicality / safety standpoint:- Voice-activated dialing (super-easy to set up, and it even recognizes partial commands -- I'd set up my home number as "Call home", but it worked just fine when I only said "Home")- Speakerphone function (a little fuzzy, but serviceable as long as you're not in a moving car)- (Brightly!) Backlit, reasonably large keys- Lightweight- Small, but not too small to hold comfortably (I'm 6' 3" with large hands, and I have no problems holding or dialing)- Caller-specific ring tones to spare me from reading the display (my wedding song's playing? Must be my wife calling)- Very good signal reception (I generally get 4 or 5 bars in my home, where I used to get 1 or 2 with my old Nokia [both on Cingular])- Good sound quality, almost as good as a land lineBut for me, the most important feature in a cell phone has long been Bluetooth. I really think this is the best technology to come to mobile phones, and Cingular (unlike some other cell service providers ::cough::VERIZON::cough::) doesn't cripple or limit what it can do. Without reading the manual, I quickly navigated to the phone's Connectivity menu, turned on Bluetooth, and told it to find local devices. My Apple PowerBook was right there and turned on, and the phone found it almost instantly. It paired up without any hassle (the PowerBook notified me right away when I needed to enter the passcode for a permanent pairing), and a few seconds later I was using iSync to send over my contacts, saving me a good hour of time vs having to manually key them all in. iSync recognized the phone with no issues and configuration of sync options was a breeze.I was also able to send an MP3 file from iTunes via Bluetooth (after first pulling out the bit I wanted to use as the ring tone through QuickTime). The phone took the file without any additional software -- I just used the Bluetooth File Transfer utility that came bundled with the PowerBook. The phone automatically recognized it as a sound file, put in the right place, and made it immediately available as a ring tone.I plan on purchasing the S-E Bluetooth car kit (HCB-700) and possibly the advanced music mute to route the sound through my car's speakers instead of using the kit's speaker. Then I'll have a perfect wireless hands-free setup!

I received my z520a phone about a week ago, and I have no complaints.  It's nice and small, and my favorite part is that it doesn't have an antenna that will jab you if the phone is in your pocket.  I use a Mac and Entourage, and I'm able to sync with my Entourage address book using a third party program called MobileSync.  Made by Salling Software.  I was also able to use it with a Motorolla bluetooth headset that I already owned. Pairing the two devices was extremely painless.I've had to call Cingular a few times for small things and found their customer service to be very good.  I have also yet to have any reception problems or dropped calls at all.I think that this is a great little handset with a ton of features, and the price is certainly right.

Combine a phone that is under silent recall with a Cingular customer support organization which is more bent on transferring you to another department than helping you ... and you get a terrible product with terrible service.Phone drops between towers ... known memory problemPhones (some) will take pictures without any buttons being pushedPhones have problems chargingBatteries go badPictures and video not kept ... memory problemsThe issues are quite long and are documented via Sony if you can trace through all the barriers they have erected to keep you from knowing that they have a terrible product that is being replaced like water over a waterfallBetween me and others in my family who have these phones ... we are now on our 12th (4 of the same phones on the plan) ... Cingular's site related to this phone has thousands of postings about this phone and it's problems ... to see 3 stars out of 5 on Amazon is a bit of a shock ... I guess some actually have workable phones

I got this phone and several of the buttons did not work properly after one day. I went back to the store and they gave me a new one, which works much better. When you first flip open the phone, the screen blips for a second but is okay. The backgrounds that work for the main screen and outside screen are nice, and the antenna is much cooler than the original ones. It has nice features and pretty good in the menu category, although some of the features are hard to find in the menus. The battery life is wonderful and the changeable plates are nice, too! All in all, a pretty good phone.

Pros:- Interface is well done- Easy to transfer themes, MP3 ringtones, contacts, etc. via Bluetooth- Sony software makes it easy to create your own themes with their software- Was very simple to configure as a modem for my iBookCons:- Early version had a software bug that required the phone be restarted every couple of days (fixed February of '06)- Camera button cannot be locked, and often goes off in pocket (until the memory is full, then it's no longer a problem)

I have had this phone since December of 2005 and have had to have it replaced four times!  This first phone kept locking up due to the firmware version, the 2nd one worked fine for a week and then lost the network, (my SIM card worked fine in any other phone), the 3rd phone barely held a signal and would drop calls, the phone I have now doesn't seem too bad, but the reception isn't as strong as the first one I had...  When this phone works it has great features, but for the price it's not worth the hastle!

I just got this phone from Cingular yesterday and I absolutely love it! I ordered it as a replacement for my Motorola V551. I especially enjoy the Music DJ and also how the contacts in the phone book are organized.I've noticed that others complain about the side buttons. I have not had the problems others are describing. I have accidentally pressed them a couple of times, especially the camera button, but nothing has happened. In fact, if you just press the camera button, it doesn't do anything. In order to use the camera button, you must press and hold it. The volume button don't seem to get in the way. Of course, my Motorola phone had side buttons as well, so perhaps I'm just use to it.Signal on this phone is great. It stays at full strength in areas where the Motorola V551 would go up and down. Voice quality is excellent. I am able to hear people great and vice versa. The speaker phone is exceptional. I can switch to the speaker phone in the middle of the conversation, and the person I'm talking to hardly notices. It's much better than the speaker phone on the Motorola V551.I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a good camera phone with bluetooth capabilities.

well first off, this is a wonderful phone.  i rele like it and i think it is probably worth your money on these conditions:(cons)if you don't have like huge hands because this thing is super small!!!  in comparison to others at least...also...your fingers can accidentally push the HYPER SENSITITVE camera button if you don't hold it correctly or there will be hundreds of shots of the inside of your purse, pant pocket, backpack, etc.long charge times!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!if you don't need the camera, video, voice recorder then you probably don't need this.  although they are nifty little features, if you don't use them you might as well get a different phone...now for the plus side of things.cool gamesneat camera...takes good photos.video feature is neat!voice recording is also cool...all of the last two are perfect for that concert you wanted to catch for your friend who couldn't make it, or that perfect shot of mick jagger running across your side of the stage.  ;]cool interchangeable cover plates...sleek innovative design.mesmerising light effects.you can create neato movies too...overall, the phone is great...i think it is perfect for me and i really enjoy it and hope you do too!

This phone was freezing daily. I called support and they had the following to say:There have been some occurrences of a phenomenon known as memory leakon the Sony Ericsson Z520a cellular handset.  It is extremely importantto note that this phenomenon is rare in its occurrence and is totallydependant upon the simultaneous existence of multiple networkconditions.These conditions appear to be typically associated with highlypopulated, central urban settings.Even in these network environments, memory leak will only beexperienced if the mobile does not complete at least one power cycle in a periodof approximately four days. A power cycle occurs when you turn off andturn on the phone, remove and reinsert the battery or the battery goesdead and complete a recharge and power on.What a crock. I told them it was not rare that it froze, it was daily.  Plus the phone has taken lots of pictures on it's own of the inside of my purse.  I am very disapointed.  Guess I got spoiled by my Nokia phone, wish I would have not left them. :(

This phone has serious bugs in it. I can't believe it even made it out of the lab.The features are great and all work OK for a while, but before long (8-24 hours) it croaks. So far we've seen 3 things happen:- It stops ringing (it knows there's an incoming call and the lights flash, but it makes no sound),- The mic shuts off (you can make a call, but the person on the other end can't hear anything), or- It just locks up.Each time, it starts working again if you power-cycle it, just to have one of the same problems happen again after a while.Check the various online problem-discussion forums and you'll see that mine is not an isolated case by any means.

This phone is reliable, easy-to-use, and has never failed. I have owned one of these phones since 2006.I use it daily in my work.

Same problem happened to me -- mic cuts out. I hoped it was just the phone. I returned it and got a new one (probably refurbished). I wish I had done some research before I got it. Oh well.

Great reception. Works where no previous phones have worked before.Probably because it can use 4 frequency bands.Camera button is poorly located.Battery lasts 4 to 5 days in standby which is excellent.

i chose this cute little phone because it had alot of extras BUT this phone just couldn't keep a strong signal. I would be sitting in my living room and the singal strenght would jump all over the place without me even moving around. that was a big pain! Plus the screen is really small, smaller than a normal flip phone. this phone is more for a teenage girl. alot of the wallpaper that comes with the phone is tagreted for someone 14-18.  it's got little cartoons and girly pink themes. so i gave my little cute phone up for the moto back razor which is a better phone all around. it keeps a stong signal in the small town that i live. im glad i gave the sony Z520a up i don't think i could have lived 2yrs with it good grief!

I've always been a big fan of the Japanese phones. They got cool designs and better functionality over other brands (including nokia). I ordered a SE W600 along with a Z520a in mid April. This phone appears pale when compared with the W600. The first thing I noticed is the screen resolution. It's not very sharp, which reminds me of my old nokia 6820. Images are kinda pixelated. The camera is a typical vga with 4x digital zoom. You can't expect much from this mediocre phone. But the camera is packed with many cool features. I enjoy the "frame feature", pretty funny. I like the external screen a lot, you can even change its wall paper. The menu interfaces are very user-friendly -- another amenity of sony ericsson. There are plenty of shortcuts in the "more" menu, so you don't have to exit to the menu and re-access whatever.I find some little flaws on the design. For my phone, it takes me both hands to open the clamshell. I cannot just use my thumb to flip it open like I did with my samsung phone. When you entirely flip it open, there is a click sound. Also, PROTECT THE INTERNAL SCREEN. Use some kind of screen protector or simply plastic foils to cover the screen up. Of course it wouldn't matter for those people who don't care about the phone's appearance. I wonder what they made the screen with, it's absolutely unavoidable to scratch its surface. (BTW, I heard you can make the scratches disappear if you rub it with toothpaste) Also, the screen is hard to see under outdoor light. You have to turn the screen brightness to max to get a good view. The external screen is more durable than the internal one. I haven't found a single scratch on it yet. There is also no cover at all for the outside camera. So dirt and residue can easily build up. I've gotta nothing to say about the loop antenna. It doesn't bother me, kinda stylish actually, though some said it's bulky. I don't know if this design actually boosts the reception, but I used a different phone on cingular a year ago, and it had 4 bars. Now there are 5 bars on this phone with cingular.There are plenty of features on this phone; many unnecessary ones, but still nice to have them. You can use infrared port and blue tooth to connect with other devices. The phone book contains slots for many information of your contacts. Beside adding personal picture and ringtone, you can also add a different light effect. The edges of phone light up by different sequences. The entertainment department is overloaded with many unnecessary applications -- video, music, and photo DJ. I don't even use them on my w600, what can you do when the z520a only has 14 usable memory? (But 16mb internal memory is pretty large among the same rank phones) The games on the phone are very enjoyable. However, everything gets cutback when they are all demo version. A courtesy to Cingular. But that doesn't really bother me, I can find any game I want on google. (You MIGHT wonder how I transfer the games onto the phone. Well, I'm not rich enough to pay for the unlimited internet subscription, so I just downloaded the games onto the computer and transfer it onto my w600 and then onto the z520a through bluetooth.) The phone does play videos and mp3. But once again, what can you do with 14mb memory anyway? The internet button is very accessible, almost too accessible. You can accidentally press it and waste some data usage. For cingular, it's $0.01/kb. There are three IM softwares installed: AIM, Yahoo!, and ICQ. I don't ever use them, so I don't care. The organizer is packed with many tools: alarms, world clock, calendar, tasks, notes, synchronization, timer, stopwatch, calculator, and code demo.Comparing with Nokia 6102, this phone far exceeds its competitor functionality and price. But I don't know about the durability. Though Nokia phones are known for its durability, but my previous 6280's keypad stop functioning after a year.Another to mention is regarding the health issue. I consider the SAR value of z520a to be very high. "The highest SAR value as reported to the authorities for this phone model when tested for use by the ear is 1.47W/kg, and when worn on the body is 0.695W/kg. In Canada and the US, the SAR limit for mobile phones used by the public is 1.6w/kg." I suggest turning on the speaker or use a handfree/bluetooth to get the phone away from your body as far as possible.Okay, that's all I could think of right now. Overall, this is a very satisfactory phone with a very low price tag. Consider getting this if you are on a low budget.

I chose this phone with my wireless service upgrade and returned it the next day.  Very poor design, weird antenna style, menus hard to navigate, not practical at all.  The phone opens up with an effort and it takes more than 3 seconds to see the screen.  It tends to lock up.

I opted for this phone over the Razr in May of 2006, because I thought the Razr was over-hyped.  To my dismay, I wish I would have gotten a razr.I am extremely careful with my phones and I've never dropped it until a couple weeks ago.  Regardless, this phone started giving me trouble after having it for only 2 months.  I live in an AT&T; coverare area, yet it frequently drops calls or I couldn't connect to the person I was calling.  The biggest problem I had was that it would constantly freeze and I'd have to take out the battery to reset the phone.  Additionally, for those concerned with pictures, the quality of pictures on this phone are terrible.I did, however, like the bluetooth capabilities with the phone, as well as the arm support that the intenna provided.All in all, I would not recommend this phone to anyone at all - the Razr, although over-hyped, is much better quality.

This phone is a brick..sure it may be lightweight, but this sucker is huge.

i thing i made a biggest mistake by purchasing this phone for rebate. it has already been more that three months and i havent got anything from these peoples and in customor service too i get the differnt reply each time i called them and they dont know how system of rebate work, its rediculous!.the phone is ok but i am using my old phone instead.

The phone works great.  I've been getting service in places that my old cell phone has been unable to.  The menu is very easy to understand and simple to navigate -- it's very well laid out and even the novice user can pick up how to use it easily.There are only two things that I found at fault with the phone:- As everyone else has stated, the camera button is extremely sensitive and gets turned on all of the time by accident.- While the neat looped antenna looks aesthetically pleasing, it's slightly annoying because it leans backwards slighty towards the back of the phone.  When you lay the phone flat on its back, it cannot lay flat because the antenna is leaned back so much.  This is no big deal when it's just laying on the table, but when I have it in the pocket of my pants, especially when I'm wearing tight fitting pants, the looped antenna is sticking out the backside of the phone, which makes carrying it in my pocket rather uncomfortable.But aside from those two things, it's a nice phone that works great and gets great reception.

don't fall for the rebate trap - I did everything they asked in the timeframe they asked and my rebate request was refused for no apparent reason. I was told that they were going to put it thru anyway, sure. I bought the phone 6 months ago - still no rebate check. What a rip-off.

It was a really great for like a month! Then it started to not have network conections and you can't make phone calls.  Then we tried a new "smartchip".  It wasn't that smart.  It was horrible!  We the n sent out for a new phone and they sent us the same phone and 2 months later i broke!  We were so mad.  We talked to them and they gave me a Motorola v557!  I would not try his phone at all!!  It was so bad.  You'll regret it later.

My wife and I have owned this phone for just over a year. The phone worked well at first then we started having problems once we entered the 13th month of ownership. The screen would go blank, we were unable to make or receive calls, the graphics (background themes, button displays, etc) change from day to day. I am able to make a phone call but am unable to hear anything unless I use the speaker option.  My wife's phone has had the same problems.  I have gone through master reset a couple of time trying to fix the problem, it works for a while and then starts to haywire again. This will be the last Sony Ericsson phone we will ever purchase.

Bought the phone from Cingular and with the exception of the dumb camera button it's a very good phone.  I had just switched from a Nokia, and while I think the Nokia OS is more intuitive, you get used to the SonyEricsson very quickly.I have only one "must have" requirement for a cell phone and that is Synch capability with MS Outlook. This phone has a InfraRed and the set up and synch process is very easy.  It would be nice to have a log of the synch activity like Nokia offer but at least the Sony doesnt delete contacts randomly like the Nokia used to.Camera button.....well, just how dumb was the designer who thought this up, and forgot the software switch to turn it off.I did have to return my first Z520 when the screen went, but the new phone has a much stiffer button and doesn't turn on the camera or take photos as easily. Much better. I did buy the SE hip holster for this phone and since I did...no more camera problems.Best things about the phone....voice dialing (when paired with a Bluetooth Headset), calendar/contacts synch and the solid feel when it "snaps" open and closed. My wife has the Nokia 6201 and it feels mushy in the open position. The Sony feels nice and secure.Things I wish were better....Camera button, and the Operating System being a little more intuitive.Overall, I love the phone, and with the belt holster, I can live with the camera button.

This phone has been nothing but trouble since I purchased it. Straight out of the box it looks like a nice enough phone. The major problem for me is in the camera button. It is located on the side of the phone which isn't a problem if it weren't so sensitive.Walking with this phone in your pocket is not an option. If it gets the slightest brush against the camera button, it goes into camera mode. Sometimes it even gets stuck in camera mode where pushing the RETURN TO MENU button just keeps taking more photos. It is extremely annoying having to delete 20 random pictures that your phone took throughout the day.I called Sony-Ericsson support number and they said there was no fix to this problem and no camera lock. This is a HUGE oversight on the part of Sony-Ericsson.In addition, the signal on this phone is sketchy. You cannot seem to lock into a signal and calls end up dropping out. It's really annoying.I am returning the phone tonight and getting something else.This is the worst phone I have ever owned.

I was very surprised at how well of reviews this phone has.  The reason I purchased my sony is because I saw all good reviews, then, after I got it, the screen went out just from a minor drop on our carpet.  Cingular exchanged it but it cost me and I could only get the same phone.  The new one I got flipped out on me and kept going off and wouldn't come back on.  When it did come on it would flip out and flash and act crazy.  It also would call me and have someones name that wasn't even calling me!!!  Cingular exchanged this one for free because I didn't drop it and this time the phone I got flipped out again.  It did the same thing as the second one only not as bad.  I owned a Nokia 6010 for 2 years and sold it and it was still in good condition and NEVER had a problem with it.  Heck, before I had Cingular I had a tracfone and my Nokia worked no problem, no complaints.  Cingular, again after talking to a million supervisors sent me a new phone and I have yet to get it but I wouldn't order or upgrade to this phone again if I had to choose between it and chop suey!  Get a Nokia you will get a better deal and quality.

I was considering Motorola Razr or this phone, and finally I got this phone from Cingular.  It has so many nice features that I just wonder why I waited so long to get this phone.  The three most useful features:1. Sync with Mac through bluetooth:  I could transfer my contact info and meeting onto the phone automatically.  I don't need a PDA for that anymore.2. I could forward all my emails to the phone, and it could display much more than my previous Nokia 3185.  If I want, I could also email out of the phone, but typing is no fun on the phone keypad.3.  The bluetooth link with Prius is great: The whole phone book could be tranferred to Prius with one click.  The built-in BT in the car link with z520a seamlessly.Only two minor complains about this phone: it's so small and slippery that I dropped the phone a couple times already.  The camera button location is not ideal, could be triggerred by mistake.Overall, a great tiny quad-band phone, and the price is just great.

I definitely love this phone!!! It has cool lights and you can get great ringtones too! It also takes good pics.!!!  I've had mine since St. Patricks Day (2006)and it works like a charm!!! I'm glad I got it and I hope your thinking about getting one too!!!

I LOVE this phone. Who cares about what EDGE is?I bought the bluetooth headset, as well as the Bluetooth dongle for the PC. I can drag & drop ANY mp3 from my machine directly to the phone for a ringer. I can also drag & drop ANY image to the phone for a background image on the inside or outside of the phone. My favorite part is that I can record my phone conversations, and drag them to the PC, and listen to them with RealPlayer (A cruddy program, but the recordings are GREAT!)

I loved my T616 for years and was looking forward to the upgrade, but the Z520a is not the phone to get.  The problem is the stupid camera button the left side near the hinge is just to easy to activate (pressed for more than a second) with the phone open or closed.  I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift, but I will be returning it for a RAZR.  At least the RAZR opens much easier and the buttons are on the side of the screen and not the keypad so you don't haved to worry about where your fingers are while opening the phone or during the call.  You also can't change the menu layout on the Z520a so all the Cingular pay services are only one click away ($'s).  The RAZR at least lets you view menu in list form and change the order so useful and free items are first like calendar and contacts.  Like on the S/E W600i, Cingular only gives you useless demo games.  Signing up for a 2yr contact is not good enogh for a free game I guess from Cingular.

The phone crashes a lot.  Sometimes I get calls and though I can hit 'answer', I can't hear anything.  Nor can the person on the other end hear me.Sometimes the screen turns into garbage.Power-cycling fixes the problem.  I have these problems every 2-3 days regardless of whether I use the phone a lot or not at all.I plan to return the phone.

This phone stinks!  It was great for a month or so and I loved all the features (color screen, camera, etc).  Then I found that it does take pics all the time.  AND I have found that it changes ringtones arbitrarily, won't show the person's picture who is calling (just a black box), won't let me answer calls, vibrates instead of rings, the picture quality is HORRIBLE.  I am going to go back to the much favored Nokia or Motorola phones that have been so wonderful in the past.  Do not buy this phone if you don't want the headache that goes along with it.

I just got this phone as an upgrade through cingular. The first thing I loved was the bigger buttons, making it so much easier to dial than my old lg10. It is a little larger too, than my old lg10 and it is easier to grab and hold and talk on. This is one case where size does matter, smaller phones are incredibly difficult to use. I also love the external screen for a quick take on what time it is. Games are fun and easy to download. I like the features that allow you to see calls missed, messages etc. It's all very intuitive and easy to get the hang of. I always read through every manual when I purchase new items. The phone manual was fairly easy to use and helpful, but not actually necessary to read. I also got on ebay and bought a usb cable to connect my phone to my computer (apparently the upgrade phones don't come with cables, extra software etc. just the phone and a battery). So now I can update my calendar, to-do list and contacts straight from Microsoft Outlook. This is very cool, as now I really don't need to carry my Dell Axim around anymore. When I have an upcoming appointment (usually its a reminder to take my daughter to ballet or pick someone up someplace) my phone makes an entertaining little noise and flashes a reminder at me. As a home-schooling mother of 4 children, a store owner and a writer, I need all the help I can get keeping my schedule straight. The only issue I have with this phone is that the screen turns itself off too quickly and there doesn't seem to be any way of resetting it. I think Sony should have left that up to the user. I don't mind having to charge my phone a little more often, but I want the screen to stay on during my calls and not go off until I flip it shut! This is annoying and I hope Sony will update the software on this phone and allow the users to download a patch or something so we can have control over our own screens. Overall, however, I'm happy with the phone, the internet, the camera, the ring tones, and especially the connectivity with my pc. I'm going to wait another two years to get a new phone. I want the next one to play music like an ipod, have features similar to a pda, and do my nails (jusk kidding).

This phone has great battery life.  Call quality is ok.  I had lots of dropped calls, buzzing, etc. then got Cingular to replace it for me.  It's been fine since then.The camera quality isn't that great, photos are grainy and don't look good anywhere but on the camera (and even then they aren't perfect).  The camera button is on the outside of the phone and frequently gets pressed when the phone is in a pocket, bag, etc., resulting in lots of black photos that need to be deleted.I get really good reception with this phone, I live in a mid-sized city and use Cingular.

For a relatively basic flip, this phone has been an absolute disaster. Call quality is great, yet for some reason at around 20 minutes, it loses its connection to the towers, the bars drop to zero, and I get disconnected. Every time.It will often display 5 bars of coverage, drop to zero the moment you dial out and not connect, and then go back to 5 bars.Basically the phone is useless on Cingular unless you have perfect coverage. Perhaps I have older firmware or something, but it is not like I should have to worry about that.

This phone is great. I got it from Cingular. I love all the features, and I've had no problems with it. I love MEdia net from Cingular, because I learned how to create my own ringtones from an mp3. It holds a lot of data. When I got it, it had 17,000+ kb. One disadvantage is the clamshell design, because it's hard to open and it clicks when you open and close it.

---I was exited about buying this phone. But was a little disappointed to see that the camera is useless, pictures have such poor quality, I am not even sure why manufacturer would bother building camera in this phone. On the top of it takes pictures on its own while I carry it in my pocket or in my purse. Not sure about quality either. The phone broke after a little more than three month.+++Design and navigation through menu is quite nice and simple, also it has good collection of ring tones and wallpapers.

I got the Sony Ericsson Z520a because I really loved the sleek design and it had all of the features of a top of the line modern phone.  Although it does pack a lot of features into a nice design the phone is not as polished as some of its competitors like the Motorola V551.  It is not as customizable as the V551 nor is it as straightforward to use.Plus Points of the Z520a include:- Sleek design with a the antenna made to look like a little handle on top.  It is also far lighter and more compact than the Motorla v551- True quadband phone so it will work anywhere in the world (once you unlock it)- External color display that can be used to view picture caller ID or as a viewfinder for the camera.  It can also display appointment information or phone information.- Bluetooth is easy to use and setup- Cool looking glowing lights around the keypad that light up in different ways when you receive a call.- It has great battery life (far better than the V551) and the charger is a lot more straightforward to use (the v551 requires jiggling and finessing to get it to work).- Some nice game demos are included although they are VERY short and the full version will cost you $7 bucks extra!!**** Negative Points of the z520a include  ****- The external screen has poor resolution (it is not a TFT screen so it is not really usable in direct light or at different angles).- Also the font on the external screen is very small so it is hard to read without concentrating on it.  And the external clock is TOTALLY useless because you cannot read the small font when it is not backlit- The camera button on the side of the phone is EXTREMELY sensitive so you will accidentally push it all the time.  This means that you will have a lot of accidental pictures.- The internal screen is nice but is not as large or as crisp as the screen on the V551 and it has lower resolution than the v551.- The camera is not very straightforward to use.  You have to use the 5 way pad to zoom and the side conrols to adjust brightness.  Plus there are all kinds of other controls like Night mode etc. that are accessed by pushing various numbers on the keypad.  Not very easy to remember at all.- The camera makes a very loud shutter noise when you take a picture and unlike the V551 you cannot turn off this noise or change it.- There are NO dedicated buttons to send or receive (answer or hang up) a call.  You do this by using the multifunction buttons when the option comes up on the screen over the corresponding button.  Also the keypad buttons are all backlit with the same blue color so it is hard to distinguish buttons in a hurry without concentrating on the phone.- There is no way to lock out some of the features you do not use.  For example you cannot lock out the internet or ringtone/game shopping features so if you accidentally push the wrong buttons you will be charged!!  The Motorola gives you full customizability on what features you want to lock out as well as full control over the interface.- The construction seems like it has a bit too much plastic so it might not hold up very well to abuse.- occasionally the phone software gets buggy and the screen blanks out for a few secondsOverall this is not a bad phone but if you really want a phone you can customize to your needs then this is not for you.  It seems like it is geared more for the college age and teenage crowd who value the cool factor over true functionality. I thought I would use this to replace my 7 month old Motorola V551 but instead I am going continue using the old phone and give this to a 20 something sibling who will be more impressed by the flashing lights and less irritated by the ergonomic flaws!!

I've heard about the software/firmware problems with this phone.  Actually didn't know about it until after I upgraded at the Cingular store.  Fortunately my box had the yellow dot to show it that this phone had the upgraded software.  I've had no problems with this phone.  I think this is a great phone as long as you have the updated firmware.I upgraded from an ancient Motorola Timeport P8097 that I was using as a car phone.  I did a lot of research and visited all the major cell providers' stores before deciding on this one.  I've been very happy with this phone.I wanted a camera phone but I find I haven't been using the camera (or the media) features very much.  The camera is not very good.  It's only .3 megapixel.  It's OK to take simple pictures of stationary objects, but pictures are very blurry if there is any movement at all.The PIM features are excellent, and there is 16 Meg of memory.  It's not a lot compared to a smart phone but it's still large enough for all my information.  I wanted a phone that could replace my old Palm Vx and work as a basic PIM.  Many of the phones I saw had contacts and calendar, but not many had a separate To Do list feature, which I wanted.The only major complaint is that I can't get it to sync with Yahoo's Contacts Backup service.  This is a relatively new feature that allows you to backup your contacts, calendar, etc to SyncML phones.  I've gotten different information about whether this should work.  Some of Yahoo's pages say that the Z500 is supported.  The Z520a is a newer version of Z500 that should be supported, but I can't get synch to work.  This syncs just fine with Outlook except that long notes fields on contacts get truncated.PROS:* Very light weight, easy to fit in pocket* Has bluetooth and infrared* Has contacts, to-do list, calendar, etc.  Allowed me to replace my Palm Vx.* Great menu system which is easy to useCONS:* Uses a special headphone connector instead of standard 1/8" jack* Signal sometimes cuts out and I get static or interference on some calls (but still relatively good)* Camera button is too easy to activate!!!* No high speed EDGE, just slower GPRS* USB charge/sync cable is extra* Sync software doesn't allow you to map fields or exclude fields.  All you can choose is whether or not to sync Contacts, Calendar, To-do list, and Notes* Long notes fields on Contacts get truncated after about 40 characters, even when there is free memoryAll things considered, this phone has been better than I hoped for.  I used to hate carrying my old cell phone around, and friends could never call me.  Now I carry this Z520a around all the time and I actually like using it.

First Review : December 13,2005 I bought this phone for my wife only 2 weeks ago and she is having problems with this Z520a.All of a sudden, this phone locks up. The animated wallpaper will turn into still solid weared screen. After it locks up, it does not ring for incoming calls. She cannot make calls either. The only option is to turn off the phone, but it does not turn back on until she removes the battery which is really a pain.I have contacted Cingular but so far dissapointed with customer service as the person answers the phone takes all the information and then promises a call back. I missed call back and now I am running in circle.Update: 12-19-2005 Finally Cingular sent her a new phone. Let's see how it goes with this new replacement phone.

I was nervous about purchasing a less than mainstream phone after using Nokia for years but glad I tried the Sony. The features list is impressive there are very few phones with as many features anywhere near this price. Navigation is slightly odd and I have heard others complain of the camera performance but since I dont use it I can't comment. Battery is good for three days of heavy use, reception is also good..no real complaints!

I've had this phone for about a week now.  Previously I've had the Audiovox SMT5600 phone which was lost or stolen.  I evaluated my real need from a cellphone and determined I needed:1. Good reliable phone service2. The ability to have complete street addresses listed with contacts3. That the phone can synch up with my computer contacts (Outlook)This phone accomplishes all this and a bit more.  I set up a bluetooth dongle on my computer and synch wireless with my computer.  Both incoming and outgoing voice quality is very good.  I get consistant good reception as I have moved around in Colorado Springs and Denver.  I have been able to easily setup my own MP3 ringtone and setup voice dialing.  The OS is quick and easy to learn and navigation is very user friendly.  Although I would have liked the newest smartphone out (Cingular 2125) I wanted a clamshell design and really found that I don't need all the bells and whistles of a smartphone, plus I didn't have an extra $300.00 laying around to spend on a phone but instead I got the Z520a for free with the rebate.  My only complaint is that by incorporating a Mini SD Memory chip would have been a nice feature to have had.  I recommend that this phone is worth comparing to other phones and depending on your needs and expectations...this phone is worth considering and buying depending on ...your needs and expectations.
