
I got this phone from Cingular about 15 months ago. It's a decent phone in terms of features, etc., and I've always preferred the Sony UI to the others. Just like the last Sony phone I owned, however, the contacts with the power adapter started failing soon after I got the phone. Whether the phone charges or not is pretty temperamental, and to get the phone to even connect to the charger in the first place requires a lot of connector-wiggling and wishful thinking. I'm browsing unlocked phones on Amazon now because several of the buttons on my phone have stopped working. I can still navigate through my call lists, etc., but the main selection button on the left hand side, the numbers one through three, and the power button have all stopped working. It's been this way for more than a week, and restarting the phone (which requires battery removal, since the power button won't respond when the phone is on) doesn't do anything. Cell phones should be made to last more than a single year, and both Sony phones I've had have failed in about that timeframe. After this second problem phone from Sony Ericsson, I'm going to be trying out a different brand.

I have had this phone for about a year, for better or worse and have had the full experience of the horrible firmware that it has.  Random restarts, muted  calls, failing rendering of the menus, etc. Don't buy this phone unless your sure or more likely a masochist.Feature wise it a very strong phone, the bluetooth working correctly, syncing, reception, etc.  But, killed by buggy software making the phone unusable, just plain bad.

We bought 3 of these  sony ericsson cell phones in June 2007.  2 of the 3 have white screened. One has been replaced by warranty so far. They send the same phone as a replacement so who knows how long that will last.  They were  not abused phones only  routine handling.  When we bought them the ATT salesperson recommended them over another we were looking at. No one mentioned this had been a problem.

I bought this phone from Amazon.  I like the unlocked ones so I can keep my current plan.  Now talking about the phone. You will find a lot of infomation on other website.  I just want to clarify something:The recieption is good.  My old Nokia phone performs poorly at my home, but this one seams really good.  Finally I could walk from my bedroom to living room, to kitchen without someone tell me 'I can't hear you'.The external camera button is a little bit loose, but still need to push it for a while to active the function. I saw some reviews saying camera always got turned on by accident.  I don't think it's happening to me.  You really need to push and hold to turn it on.The picture quality is less than what I expected, at least doesn't look good on the phone.  But I wasn't planing on using it for anything serious.The screen shuts off fairly quick.  Majority of the time you are talking with a black screen.  I guess we just has to get use to it.One last thing, this package don't have data (USB) cable.  But I hae bluetooth on my computer, so it doesn't matter to me.I am looking forward to use it in other countries to test out the quad band. Also looking forward to get additional covers so it stands out among other blue/sliver phones.

I bought this phone in February of this year. . . after pretty typical use, it was non-functional by August.

When I first got this phone I was pretty excited to have all the features I wanted and I did enough research to think this was a good buy.  I was happy with the phone for a few months but then its shortcomings became blatantly obvious.Right away I noticed the lack of decent ringtones and software but whatever.  It is impossible to carry this phone without taking about 30 pictures of your pocket a day.  The outside camera button cannot be disabled and I am constantly hearing snapshots being taken from my pockets.  Next to this button are volume buttons that also act as silencing of incoming calls and call decline.  These are also almost impossible to avoid when either taking the phone out when receiving a call or when you are trying to flip it open.  I always end up unintentionally declining calls.The WORST of it started about 6 months after I got the phone when the outside screen started getting lines through it, making it impossible to read and it started to not properly dial out and receive calls.  about 8 times out of ten when dialing out all I get is a series of clicks and the call won't go through until you shut it off and restart it.  Then you get to make one or two more calls before having to restart again.  I tried my sim card in several other brands of phones to make sure it wasnt the network and they all worked fine.  When it is in this crapped out mode you also cannot receive calls but you don't know its happening.  Once in a while I get tones indicating I have 3 or more messages where the phone never even rang.I RMA-ed the phone to Sony and they promptly sent it back with a fixed screen but the phone still does not dial or receive calls properly.  Now the sound crackles when I am on a call as well.  Sony tells me to send it back again.  You have to send it with delivery confirmation and it costs about $20 a shot.  Also you have to go without a phone for 2 weeks.  My wife got the same phone and it is starting to do this as well.  I argued with Sony that they must be aware of the problem if two phones in the same house are doing this in less than 6 months.  They refuse to give me a new or different phone.  Good luck with this $200 paperweight.

Pros:call quality, customizable ringtones, external screen, bluetooth, "calls" list accessible from main screen, out-of-the-way internet button--prevents you from accidentally connecting to costly servicesCons:no send/end buttons, no way to change timeout on internal display, speaker on back side, battery cover difficult to removeI was a bit worried about making the switch from Samsung to Sony Ericsson, but I have had the z520a for a few days and I have been quite pleased with this new phone.Most important to me is the call volume and quality. Calls are clear and I don't have to isolate myself just to hear what the other person is saying. Sometimes I even turn down the volume because it is so loud.Unfortunately, there are no send/end buttons, which are common on most other phones. That has taken a bit of getting used to. Also, when using speed dial, you have to hit the number of the speed dial entry and then select "call" --whereas I am used to being able to hold down the number on my Samsung and after it is depressed for a second or two, it will automatically dial that contact.Many others have commented on the external camera button as being quite a problem. Many fail to mention that it must be held down for 2 seconds in order to activate the camera. So, I have not had any problems with that--no pictures of the interior of my pocket or unsuspecting victims watching while I talk. In my opinion, it as not as much of a nuisance as others make it out to be.The bluetooth feature is nice because I can edit mp3s and .jpegs on my computer and send them to my phone and assign different ringtones and photos to my contacts.The speaker (for speakerphone and ringer) is on the backside of the phone. So if the phone is laying on my bed, it will muffle the ringtone quite a bit. This just means that I need to set my phone face down if I'm going to lay it on a surface that would absorb sound. But, overall, the ringer is very loud.The battery life is very good, so far. But, I realize that it will take a few weeks to get a real feel for the true power of the battery. Also, I found the battery cover a bit difficult to remove. There is no button release. It must be slid down, and I had quite a struggle with it when I had to put in a new sim card. Fortunately, the battery cover isn't something that has to be dealt with frequently, so that's not really a big deal.I have been a bit disappointed at how quickly the internal display shuts off. And there is no way to change this setting--at least none that I have found.The external display will always display the time--if you so choose. But it is rather small and hard to see. However, pressing the side volume button will turn the external display on and will show the date, time, and wallpaper of your choice.The toggle button can be customized with shortcuts. And from the main screen, you can access your recent calls list. I appreciate this feature since I am used to being able to press the 'send' button on my Samsung to get a list of all recent calls.There are loads of options to take advantage of for contacts. I only make use of being able to add cell, home, and office numbers for a single contact, and customizing a picture and ringtone.Bottom line: this is a great little phone that gets the job done as a phone (which is precisely what i'm interested in). Aaaaand, it has some fun little extras that make it even better.

The only issue is I have had 2 screens go bad, but I pick up used models on Ebay and such change my card and I am on my way

So far great phone. I haven't experienced any of the issues claimed by other users.

I only had the phone for a couple of weeks and the screen went black on me. I am returning phone to Amazon for refund but reordered phone again. For the 2-weeks or so that it did work i liked it.  It is easy to access the internet & e-mail by following instructions on Sony's website. I really like all the different features i.e.-programming your own music tones.  Hopefully will have better sucess with replacement.

I wanted to buy this but i didnt coz my cellphone was still in good condition until well something happened and I had to get a new one, I am glad i bought this one coz this cell is great regardless of what the other reviews might say, it is a great cellphone

Based on what the other reviews have said, I guess I got a non-lemon phone. I've been dropping it (and putting it back together) for about 2 years now. This last drop, though, broke something inside its tiny and already slightly addled brain; now it doesn't have much reception to speak of. The design of the phone, while cute aesthetically, is pretty much crap when it comes to usability.The stuff I'm happy with:1. The battery life is terrific. I only need to charge it every few days and it charges fast2. I've dropped this thing on all sorts of surfaces and it's survived3. Super easy to make my own ringtones - I browse through the phone's file structure from my computer and drag-n-drop the mp3 I want as a ringtone into the music folder. Then, on the phone, I select that file as my ringtoneMy biggest peeves with the phone:1. I never have enough room to store my text messages before it makes unhappy noises2. The bluetooth ability is limited - no easy file transfers between the phone and your computer. Pairing to other devices and syncing contacts work fine, though. I can also use this as a remote for my Mac, which, while cool, is not very useful3. The UI is irritating to learn and I had to customize buttons etc before the phone was really useful

I've had my cell phone for 18 months, and it has been torture. I have to wait 3 months to get a new one...so I bide my time. It turns off all the time now, with no reason at all. I get cutoff on almost every call over 5 min, and it doesn't respond sometimes so I have to power it off and reset.  The ATT store just stares blankly at it when it does this and they try to sell me a $399 Iphone.  Sad thing is it is better than the previous Motorola I had that died and I lost all my contacts!

I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for someone, so can't leave any feedback yetOne thing I was trying to learn before ordering, is if this phone is UNBRANDED, but Amazon staff was not at any help.YES this phone is unlocked and unbranded, it does comes with two face covers (blue and gray) with the wall charger and hendsfree earbud.

I have had this phone for about six months.  After a month, I got the white lines thru the outside screen so I can't see who is calling unless I open the phone.  Last week, the down and left arrows just stopped working and I can only navigate thru menus by going up or right!It's a piece of junk and way overpriced.  Please buy a different cell phone.  I am careful with my things and there's no way I damaged this phone.  It just doesn't work properly.

OK, I admit I have had a love hate relationship with SonyEricsson for ages. I love their latest gear but seldom have they got it right the first time.This time they DID, and on a pretty inexpensive unlocked phone. Setting was a breeze, signal quality killer. Only catch is that if you want to get the auto settings from SE this phone Z520A (A stands for American) is nowhere to be found in the SE site. In fact they tell you the phone doesn't exist! But bouncing around at some point I fell onto a page that proclaimed, click here for more phones and I picked the Z520i ( i=International :) )(sorry should've jotted down the URL)  and voila my wife was MMS, SMS and Browsing in 5 minutes flat.Only gripes I have is that the phone does not come with the 5 covers it seems to imply from their advert on the SE site and it does not come with the proprietary USB cable. I used the one I have from my P990i and the phone  was immediately recognized as a USB device by windows XP SP 2 !The software to manage the phone is free at the SE site so all around This is a great little jewel. And the light show is just "gorgeous" (my wife's comment) I just called it cool !) Since the light show can be set for individual callers, we tried that but you can not tell one flash pattern from another, I doubt anyone can! Perhaps next version will have different colors, now THAT will be GORGEOUS!Oh and the Amazon price and delivery just blew us away!

I have had alot of cell phones and this is the worst I have ever had.The buttons on the side are in an bad place. I take lots and lots of pictures of my pocket because of them.  It turns off by itself. The screen blanks out. It has two of the worst games ever included with it. It is not a user frienldy phone at all.  Dont' waste your money on this phone.

This is the second phone i'm returning to Cingular with screen problems. The first phone's screen turned completely white. Second phone has white lines obscuring 1/2 the screen. Cingular rep denies any inherent problems. I hate it when you know companies are FOS and they won't fess up.

when i got the phone i didn't like the screen resolution and i returned it the same day. this was on february 17, 2009 and i asked for refund. up to now i have not hear anything from the vendot. i raised a complain to amazon customer service as well as the store. and again i have not hear anything yet!

I had this phone for over 8 months, and I like the features but after 3 mothns the inside screen stoped working well after a single drop from my belt holder, my other Motorola had a lot of drops and way harder. The service people from Sony informed me that I had bumped it, and the cost to repair it was USD 100, so I decide not to do it.  The screen works half of it, and the other half does not work, after talking to other user seems that screen problem is suffered for many users.The other problem is that the phone freeze a lot of times, or sometimes just goes off without a reason, and to re start first I have to reset it taking off the battery.I really do not advice to by this phone

I got this sony ericsson Z520a phone a year back and already had 3 changes with cingular. It freezes all the time & we had the most dropped calls ever (Cingular sucks). We had previously had two phones with the screen losing half of the pixels with white bars and got exchanged. Even now one of my phones has lost the pixels but Sony won't do anything, their customer service sucks!I agree with all other reviewers that this is the worst phone ever !

I really love the features of this phone.  Everything everyone says that it has - it has.  Mine came with up to 7 hours of talk time, which in real talk time is about 3-4 hours which is excellent.  It also came with 16 mb of memory which is awesome because no other phone had it.  Here's the but ....  My husband's screen went out on 2 of them!  I thought, unlucky break.  We both came eligible for upgrades in January 2008, but I decided to keep my phone because it is sooo good!  My husband was using an old phone we had in storage because his screens had gone out way ahead of upgrade time - so of course he upgraded.  About a week after he upgraded, I noticed my screen didn't come up with the call - it was very slow.  Before I could take the time to get upgraded and have a new phone on the way - my screens blanked out.  First the inside screen - now the outside too.  Yes, I can answer it if it rings.  No, I cannot tell who is calling unless I specified a ringtone for them, thankfully, I did for my family.  No, I cannot tell if I missed a call, or have messages waiting, and obviously, I cannot check text messages and there is no access to my address book.  It's a powerful phone ... but .. the screen...is not reliable.  I had my phone less than 1.5 years (AT&T lets you upgrade early - thankfully!)  My husband had his about 1 year and it went out.  Anyone else have the screen problem?

I ORDERED THRU AMAZON, CELL TEL CAME FROM ?????IT STOPPED WORKING AFTER ABOUT 8 WEEKS,I CALLED ?????THEY SAID MORE THAN 30 DAYS THEY CAN'T DO ANYTHING ANDI SHOULD CALL SONY, I CALLED SONY AFTER A COUPLE CALLSOF BULL THEY SAID THEY COULD NOT DO ANYTHING SO MAILIT TO THEM IN A FEW WEEKS THEY WILL TRY TO FIX IT, IF THEY CAN THEY WILL MAIL IT BACK. WHAT A JOKE OF ANEXPERIENCE !!!!!!!!!!!!! I WENT TO AT&T; AND BOUGHT A NEW DIFFERENT CELL PHONE.

This phone is whack (no good).  I've had to return it twice because off malfunctions.  The first i returned it because it would shut off by it self (even if it was fully charged). Then the second time i had to return it because the screen went blank.  They were brand new, and not dropped or anything. I suggest getting some other type of phone!

I Purchased a Sony Ericsson z520asome time late last year,suddenly the screen just went blankand it never came back onI wrote amazon who told me that they would replace it for meif i could ship it back which i did and a replacement was`sent.But the screen of the replacement keeps on going blank and coming backon each time.I never bothered to write them backI only no that i will never buy a Sony ericsson z250 again

I Got This phone for Easter and I absolutly ADORE it! It is so cute and trendy and i love the handel antenna. The only bad things are the phone is very slippery. I have dropped it twice. IT SURVIVED THOUGH! it is still in perfect condition. Another is that it is hard to open with one hand. It also CLIKs when you open it. The buttons on the side are also very easy to hit. The camera button is on the side and it was hard to find at first. But the phone has very many cute features. Like you can choose your background colore and the pictures are very unique!!! OVER ALL IT IS SOOOOO WONDERFUL!!! :)

I have had this phone for three months and like it a lot.  Good build quality, long battery life from a charge, and picks up and holds a signal very well.  It is small and fairly light and fits in the pocket well.  It does occassionally take a picture inadvertently but that doesnt happen too often and I periodically go na delete all those pics.  Volume when wearing headphones is far too low and it doesnt have the standard headphone jack.  You need to buy one compatible with SE cellphones.  You cannot delete the ringtones that came with the phone but you can add more of your own.  I like this phone and would recommend it.

I agree with the other reviews in the fact that the camera isn't great but everything else about this phone has worked out perfectly.

Got this phone with a contract in April 2007. By Nov. it white screened.  No problem, it was under warranty and att sent a replacement.  That one white screened after about 6 weeks.  They sent one more telling me they had a "three strikes" clause and that if this one broke under warranty, they would send me a different phone altogether.  Guess what? The third didn't even last a week before it white screened.  They weren't dropped or otherwise abused. They're just lousy phones.  ATT sent an LG to replace the third failure.

I really like my Sony phone. I needed a new phone but did not want another contract and Amazon had one of the best deals I found.

We originally purchased 4 of these phones. The had problems from the start. There was a silent recall, tons of memory problems and makes the commercial of least drop calls a standing joke in our family.Due to all the problems and warranty returns we have had 12 of the phones now and most likely counting.For all those that put up with such a bad phone from Sony/Cingular it is just that they make it so hard to replace them. We just suffer through the process ... Cingular finally changed out 2 of the Sony z520s with different models ... but two of us still have to suffer.Good luck if you like this phone ... either you are one of the very lucky ones to not get a defective phone (as there are literally thousands of postings from thousands of people on the Sony and Cingular sites) or your expectation of quality is not very high.

This telephone is quite featureful. I've managed to do things like download MP3 ringtones from the web with it with little hassle. If you don't want to use the fancy features so much, then the interface is much more cluttered than you wanted, but overall it's not so bad.Two things I hate about it, though. One is that the position of the antenna is such that when talking to someone I sometimes curl my fingers around it and reception becomes awful. I hadn't realised what use a sticking-up antenna actually is. The other is that having tiny buttons on the side really doesn't work for me. I keep activating displays about my appointments and whatever that I don't care about. When the phone bumps other things in my pocket it takes pictures of the inside of my pocket; every so often I spend a few merry minutes deleting them all again one-by-one. If I pick the phone up wrong I hit a side button that seems to drop the call.  Altogether, it's far too easy to press the side buttons, and annoying when it happens. I'd certainly not buy another of these phones for those reasons.Also, if you leave the phone on too long it crashes or the screen stays blank or whatever, so I try not to leave it turned on continuously for more than a day or so without 'rebooting' it.When I first got the phone, I found the user interface not very intuitive, but reading the manual carefully solved a lot of those issues, so if you also find it more awkward at first than it should be then check the manual for handy shortcuts and suchlike.

I have very much enjoyed using my T610 for years (via T-Mobile US), but I wanted to upgrade to better PIM support. After a great deal of searching and review reading, I picked this phone for features and value. I use the bluetooth every day (the IR only occasionally), and I've been able to retire my shaky T3 (sorry Palm) entirely. I had only a small hiccup setting this up for T-Mobile (unsupported), and the ease of use is FANTASTIC. Not the phone for everyone, but if you want your phone to take over PIM duties, offer good WAN browsing, news, email, and messaging (as well as very decent still and video cameras), this is an EXCELLENT value. As for the phone calls, the speaker is very good, and I get clear reception. If you really want to listen to music on your phone and not your iPod, this isn't the phone for you (no storage expansion). If you just want to make phone calls, this may be too much phone for you (too many goodies). In comparison to the T610 in the same usage area, there is slightly more tendency to get drop outs, and that's why this review is 4/5 stars.Pros: Near-PIM usabilityExcellent voice and data (sorry, no EDGE - only drawback)Very handsome form factor (the grey stone cover beats the PEBL any day)Great UI softwareCons: VGA camera (still good, though) & can't turn off shutter soundCan't adjust backlight timer (on/off only)Antenna may not be as good as previous models.

I am on round 3 of this phone and Cingular (ahem... AT&T) seems to think it's okay to keep sending me a broken one.  Phone #1 would just turn off all the time.  It didn't matter if the battery was fully charged or not, it would just turn off and cause me to miss all sorts of calls.  Phone #2?  Same problem.  Phone #3?  Same problem PLUS it now only displays a white screen and I have to guess when I'm calling people.  I'm getting a new phone from Cingular in the next few days... but DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!

My fiancee and I bought a pair of these at the same time, about a year ago. Within the last month, both of them developed the same problem - the video screen stopped working. So I can't navigate through the menus, I can't tell who is calling me, and I can't look up people's numbers. What a piece of junk.

I'm on my third z520a in the six months I've owned it.  The only reason I haven't gone through more is that I've accepted this phone is a lemon.  The phone freezes and can't be shut off, requiring removal of the battery to reset, frequently drops calls, doesn't always let me place calls, and just plain does weird things that result in an unreliable and frustrating call experience.  What is even more annoying is that I purchased expensive, model-specific accessories that will become useless paperweights when I replace this with a new phone - a phone I will be out additional hundreds on, not to mention the cost of accessories.  I'll never buy another Sony Ericsson product.

Basically, what I need in a cell phone is the ability to make calls to people I want to speak with, and to receive calls from people who need to speak with me.  That's it!Of course, any old phone will do that, but there's my image to look out for, so I also want it to look expensive and sleek, to be able to pick up signals even in office blocks, have long battery life, and have tons of cool features to talk about, even if I never use them.  The ability to withstand sudden impacts and the occasional passing shower is also an asset.So far, this phone has met all my needs as follows:(1) It makes calls just great(2) It receives calls clearly(3) It looks trendy with its cute little handle-shaped antenna, which is very useful as a handle when pulling it from your bag(4) It's not the most expensive, but it looks like a million bucks(5) It picks up signals in office buildings (and elsewhere)(6) Excellent battery life(7) It fell and survived  (JAN 16 - EDIT: IT FELL AGAIN AND THE INTERIOR DISPLAY IS DAMAGED. THE PHONE HOWEVER STILL WORKS)(8) It got drizzled on and survivedFeature wise:(1) It has a camera and can take video recordings(2) You can set up speed dialing fairly easily(3) It has flashing lights when it rings, and you can change the light shows (or turn the darn thing off already)(4) Lots of memory for lots of numbers, e-mail addresses, birthdays and so on(5) You can set different lights and ring tones for each one of your friends(6) You can show a different photo on the display outside to the one inside.(7) It has a stopwatch and calculator(8) It has a loud speaker! (All the better for us all to hear you my dear)(9) Media player, and use can use a headphone (sold separately)(10) Voice activated commands (Answer and Busy, or you choose)(11) Changeable covers to meet your mood (Always gray, thank you)(12) Big numbers and letters for easy dialing and text messages (if you're the texting kind)(13) It can vibrate!!!!!!!! (Call me back! Call me back!)(14) I had somebody send me Crazy Frog as a ring tone, so I can REALLY annoy my favorite people.  (It's got Bluetooth and infra-red for transferring data - but don't ask me how to use them - I just like saying that I have it)(15) Lots of shortcut keys to get to things quickly(16) Internet services (I can't use these yet, because my provider doesn't offer it)(17) it has a very nice alarm clock featureThings not so great about it:(1) The position of the camera button is bad for me.  I use a Body Glove case, and when I pull out the phone, I sometimes inadvertently take a picture on the way out.  Similarly when trying to open it in a hurry.(2) The picture quality isn't the best(3) It's not easy to open with one hand(4) While the volume buttons are conveniently placed on the side, I sometimes hit them when answering a call.(5) The sound is kinda tinny(6) Not enough cool ring tones (yeah, I can get more, but using Bluetooth means I have to read the manual)(7) You have to remember to use the arrow keys to get to other tabs in the menus to see all the features(8) Speed dialing needs two buttons (I'm accustomed to holding down one button)(9) The lights go out really quickly before you can finish deciding what you're looking forOverall, a great phone for the price, and it looks good too.Amanda Richards, January 10, 2006

My family and I received 3 of the Sony Handsets when we migrated over from AT&T; to Cingular.  Initially, we were quite pleased with the Sony phones; they were fun, cute, and had lots of unique features.  However, our pleasure soon turned to pain.  Approximately 3 months after receiving our phones, strange things began to happen.  Below is a partial list:1) Phones power off in the middle of a conversation2) Phones take photographs even when they are not being handled!3) Phones "lock up" and the battery must be removed to restore function4) When the battery is removed to restore functionality, a "please insert SIM card" message is displayed even when the card is inserted properly.These items listed are the main annoyances; there are a plethora of others I did not take the time to mention.I contacted Cingular's warranty department and their faith in these phones is so jaded, they are replacing them with Motorola phones despite the fact that the warranty only provides for replacement of original equipment with the same equipment.  Maybe that should be food for thought. . .

I bought this phone for the sole purpose of making calls and because of the bluetooth feature. I have handsfree bluetooth link in my car, and it has been a great help in allowing me to focus on driving and not holding a phone. I had a Motorola Razr V3 that was given to me when I signed up for my plan, like most products built now days the stupid thing died just out of warranty period, and don't ever expect a helping hand from Motorola, and much less T mobile they both could care less. When I received this phone I installed the SIM card and started to use it, I have had it for a few weeks now and the reception is better than the Motorola, plus I was able to install a few games and apps. on this phone that make it just what I was looking for and then some. The best part of this is that I did'nt have to lock in under another contract with T-mobile and when the contract is up so will my business to them. I think its a great phone for the money, packed with features, and especially the bluetooth integrates really well with the handsfree in my car.

I have had the phone for 2 years. I complained to Cingular about all the dropped calls. I have another phone with Cingular that works fine in the same house. Cingular or should I say AT&T said it was not the phone but the area i live in(BULL).

I loved this phone for a little more than a year since I've had it - very cool features. I have video-recorded with it, taken pictures, used a blue-tooth headset, customized it to my needs, and loved it. The antenna's great, never had any connection/signal problems. The battery is very good. Looks very cool, is sleek and light....everything nice except one fine day it lost its signal reception inside the house. I took it to Cingular to check the SIM, etc. It seems the antenna has developed some problems and picks or doesn't pick a signal at it's own will! As luck would have it, it's just out of the 1-year warranty period; can't afford a repair. Not reliable any more, so I am living off a borrowed old phone, looking sadly at my sleek Z520a and wishing it was working as before. I'd say it's rather fragile, so you need to weigh the pros and cons before buying it.Update on Jan 10,07: I took it to a repairshop, and they told me it was a very common problem with the Z520 or 525s: Screen going blank, poor reception or "No Network Coverage" on the phone where all the other brands with the same services are working fine! After that I researched more and saw it on forums.cingular.com and other such sites. I was foolish to not have researched before I bought that phone. Please don't commit the same mistake!

I have read the other reviews and I seem to have the same problems with this phone.  Within a month of buying this phone brand-new, it started shutting itself off.  This a major problem since this is my only phone.  It also freezes a lot and you have to take out the battery to re-start it.  I drop calls all the time and have a funny noise that sounds sort of like an atomic bomb in the background of most conversations.  I also hear myself a lot through this phone.  The weird antenna thing has started to seperate and very recently, within the last month, my screen has gone out so I can't see what I am dialing.  I have only owned this phone for a year, this combined with the fact that these problems are consistent between owners of the phone is the reason why I gave it one star.Now, people ask me why I didn't get a new one since the problems started within a few weeks of buying it.  I called Cingular and they admitted that it sounded like I bought a phone with a 'software problem.'  You think?  Then they told me that they were going to mail me a refurbished one in place of the one I bought.  I paid FULL PRICE for a brand-new phone that turned out to be a broken piece of crap and the only thing they offered is to send me a refurbished phone, a.k.a. someone else's broken piece of crap.  Way to keep your customers guys, I have been with Cingular for three years.  Needless to say, I am getting a new phone soon and I am shopping for a new wireless carrier and doing a lot of research before I buy a phone.

I hate this phone!!!  Every person I have ever met that has this phone also hates it.I don't do any advanced operations.  I just want a phone that works as a phone... simple.This one is cheap and flimsy.  Somehow the chip inside often comes dislodged shutting the phone off.  And the worst feature is a camera button on the side that can not be disabled.  If you keep the camera in your pocket as you walk it will continually take pictures.Stay away from this... you will be disappointed.

January 2006:  I got this phone last week to replace a multiband (GSM and TDMA) S-E phone after Cingular discontinued the multiband service &lt;grump>.  I was worried that with GSM only I would not get the coverage I got previously, but I was wrong.  I get really much better coverage with this phone.  In fact, I would say that this phone is the best I have ever had for picking up signals.The problems:  What I have seen reported here and in other reviews are generally true.  It's just a matter of how much they bother you.  In particular: (1) the light turns off quickly and when it is off you can see nothing at all.  (2) The outside buttons (volume and camera) are pretty easy to press by accident.  OTOH, they generally don't do any harm, and they do light the light.  (3) Nav key is pretty small; I can see someone with big fingers might have trouble (I don't).The positives:  (1) Seems very good at picking up signals.  (2)Supports MIDI ring tones which are lots smaller than MP3.  (3) Voice dialing seems to work smoothly.  (4) Easy to turn ringer to silent when in a meeting or whatever.  (5) Several ways to get to contacts quickly.  E.g. voice dial; shortcut from Nav Key to contacts; hit a dial key to get to contacts starting with those letters.And one final point:  Go to the S-E web site to do the setup you need.  They have a set of web pages to configure the phone; they ask you your carrier, phone number, etc etc and then SMS the right info to the phone to set up all the web stuff you need (except the SMS-to-email gateway, strangely. )Overall, I am very happy with this phone; it is probably the best I have had.  A few nits, but they really don't bother me much.============================After a few weeks of use, I am adding the following:I'm still very happy.  Another thing that works very well is the Infrared.  I snagged some music from the internet (mostly free MIDI stuff or samples of recordings) and uploaded it to the phone with IR.  It was effortless and required little figuring out.  I think there was an easy-to-find place on the phone to turn IR on and my computer just pinged and asked me what I wanted to do with my new-found IR partner.One other small disadvantage:  The -beep- prompting you to speak the voice dial is quite faint.  I missed it a couple times and just sat there waiting to speak the callee's name.  Also, the vibrate is pretty weak.  I had it in my pocket and did not even notice an incoming email.  Maybe a call would be more noticable since it lasts longer.And I agree that the camera is not too useful, at least so far. But hey, that is not why I bought it.I'm still happy with it, and my rating of 4 stars is unchanged.=============================And now 6 months later:  Ok, ok, the camera button position stinks.  I tend to take pictures of the inside of my pockets since it that is where it somehow manages to get pushed.  But I did find that you can turn on the light by pushing the volume button twice.Another issue which is partly my own fault: I tend to miss calls because the ring tone is too soft.  That may be because the song I chose starts out too soft.  Use care!====================================10 months later:  I took the phone with me on a trip that took me through Heathrow airport and on to Bangalore India.  The multiband-edness of the phone was great...it worked well in all locations.  I sent and received an SMS message in LHR, and I actually bought a pre-paid SIM card in India to use in the phone (Air-Tel) and it worked wonderfully.  There are even some features that I have never seen before (immediate messages on the screen showing amount of time left for example) that worked fine.=======================================Probably my final edit on Sept 30, 2008:  Google "white screen of death" and z520.  You'll find a description of what happened.  Essentially, the phone still works, but the screen is all white.  Not very good for using the directory, but ok on bluetooth.  You can hold the cover in a certain position and get the screen to work again for a while, but I'm in the market for a new phone...I suppose it lasted longer than most phones gotten with a 2 year contract from a service provider, but I'm not terribly pleased.

Overall it works great.  I had a different phone that would always drop calls and never getting me my text messages.  This phone has no problems with that and I am able to hear better and also change my volumes more easily.

I have a locked version of this phone. I started out with it on a Cingular plan a few years ago. It transitioned to an AT&T; plan when AT&T; bought Cingular. Any issues I describe below were present both before, during, and after the transition from Cingular to AT&T;, so they seem to stem from the phone and not the service.My experience with this phone has been rather poor. From the very beginning, the camera feature has been a nuisance because of how easily activated it is from the phone's side button. The phone will be in my pocket and I'll be walking and out of nowhere I'll hear the "click" sound it makes when you take a photo. Every few months, I check my photos and I'll have accumulated dozens of new photos of the inside of my pocket. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any way to disable this button. The best I can do is turn off the volume so that I don't get startled by random snapshot sounds.Other than that, the phone was functional and useful for the first several months that I owned it. Reception seemed decent, though not perfect. I don't really use any features other than the basic phone, so I can't comment on them.After several months though, it started to act glitchy and that behavior has continued and worsened since. If I leave the phone on for too long, it'll get bugged so that it doesn't ring when new calls come in. Or it'll vibrate but won't give a ringer (even if the audio is one), but when I pick it up it just gives me dead air -- it won't let me actually answer. Or it'll randomly give me a garbled display and not even respond when I try to answer. Often, it'll get frozen and my only way of fixing it is to take the battery out -- at that point, the power button no longer even functions.At this point, I try to turn my phone off and on at least once every day. That seems to keep it working okay for the most part, but even with that it still bugs out sometimes. For example, I turned it off and on this morning. Several hours later, someone called and it didn't ring or anything. However, it did "ding" when the voicemail came through.I would recommend against this phone. It is unreliable and will become a source of frustration for you.

This is a solid flip-style cell phone, in my humble opinion.I bought the phone for one main reason:I wanted a flip phone with a voice recorder feature.  While Motorola phones to come equipped with a voice recorders, the amount of memory that one is allowed to use for voice records is very limited.  With this phone, I can compose many short notes to myself, such as what items to buy from the grocery store, whom to call, what the license plate number was of the person who hit my car, etc.The phone's camera is also adequate for my purposes.  However, I'm not a big photo taker.  I have used the phone to document damage to my car (after I had a broken car window, for example).The data cable and free software pack is that you can download from Sony's website allow you to transfer images and sounds to and from the computer with relative ease, free of charge.One annoying feature of the phone: it takes a non-standard headset, charger, and data connection cable.  So, you cannot use handsets equipped with standard 2.5 mm connectors. unfortunately, I have not found a very good Bluetooth headset that works well with the phone.  So, one's best bet is to use the standard headset that comes with the phone.as previous reviewers have commented, the phone's screen does blank from time-to-time.It is difficult to use the voice-activated dial feature.  Recognition is very poor with this phone.  Motorola phones, in general, have slightly more sophisticated voice-activated dial features.It is also fairly easy to record conversations using the voice-recorder feature.  So, let's say you're on the phone with someone in the car, you don't need to have pen and paper in hand to take down addresses or phone numbers.  You can simply record the needed information and playback.  I often use this feature when I'm calling restaurants or merchants for addresses, telephone numbers, or directions.I've found that battery time is generally quite good.As with all cell phones, make sure you determine what features you want in advance, do your research, and purchase a phone that has all the features you want.I, for instance, am most interested in the voice-recorder that this flip phone is equipped with. I can live with the phone's other deficits.I would suggest going in to one or more stores to make the purchase, if possible.  I realize that is not always possible, particularly with phones that are not very popular or with unlocked phones, as in this case.nevertheless, if you do your research somewhat carefully and thoroughly, you can generally find a phone that meets your needs.

I agree that this is one of the worst phones I've ever had. Sudden busy signals that then lock up the phone -- sometimes I can't turn it off to clear the problem -- dropped calls during non- impacted hours, etc.  I still have a year on my contract, so I'll wait to buy another phone, but based on this experience I would never buy another Sony Ericcson phone.

THIS IS A FAULTY MODEL! I got this phone last January. By April it completely shut off and refused to turn back on. I got it replaced no big deal. Then it started to randomly shut off and then the screen completely turned white. The phone is completely useless and the warranty expired 2 weeks ago. I have to buy a new phone. When the phone worked it worked great but expect to pay money for a new phone before your contract expires! Stay away from this phone!!!!

I've had this phone for 4 years and its been through everything with me. I've dropped it a few times and taken it everywhere with me and it still works great!

I had this phone for about three weeks.  I absolutely hated it.  The charger that came with it broke on the first use, so I got a $30 charger for it, and that too broke on the first use.  I sent it back.I also did not like the shell of this phone.  The cover is slightly recessed, and there isn't a good place to grip it to open it.  I lost a couple of incoming calls because the cover slipped back down when I tried to open it and thus ended my call before I even answered it.  I had to set the phone to answer the calls manually after I opened the shell to prevent me from losing the calls.The screen icons are also very tiny, and not overly intuitive.This was probably my fifth cell phone, and I liked it the least of any phone I've had.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

I've had this phone for 8 months, and it's been nothing but trouble. People have called me, I've opened up the phone to have found the phone to crash, and when I turn it back on, it doesn't show what was missed. The phone will randomly freeze, forcing you to take out the battery and turning it back on. The final straw was the white screen of death when I tried to access the calculator. The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.

I love this phone and everything about it! I love the open handle at the top/ I have been hanging this on my pocket book and pockets for years. Mine is over 10 years old and I love it! I love the special ring tones and personal pictures for each friend that calls. I love the camera . I have over a thousand pixs of my grandchildren taken from this phone. I love the easy picture main menu. I love the speaker phone as it is clearer than any phone I have used. I love the flip phone as I never have butt dialed anyone. I love the themes and the changeable covers. I cracked the glass middle and still use it because I cant find anything better I like.

I've been using this cell phone for more than a month now and up to now I'm glad with the purchase. Being a Motorola user for the past 2 years, I preferred this phone over the Motorola V3 black since now everybody has the V3. At every corner you see someone using it, whereas the Z520a is not even being sold here in my country... that, and a 60$ difference when I bought it. Also, the fact that the Z520a came with over 17 MB of internal memory and the V3 only has like 6 MB.Now, the Pros: Nice design, sturdy construction, its small, better user interface than Motorolas, 17 MB memory for storing lots of pics, vids, themes, games, and of course, mp3 ringtones. Useful external screen, the battery last almost a week without charging. I like the file manager, it sorts files by type and gives access to the entire flash memory and the address book is very accesible, displays useful information and it's neatly organized. The external speaker plays mp3s loud and clear enough. The option for taking self portraits with the help of the external LCD is great. And the side lights are a nice add-on to show to your friends (look: shiny lights!!).The Cons: Well, first, I would have given 5 stars to this phone if it came with any type of slot for additional storage (My kingdom for a transflash slot!)... second, both LCD screens are hard to see on a sunny day. It's difficult to open the phone with one hand (something I could do easily with my old V-551). The speakerphone is not so loud when you are in a conversation even if the volume is all the way up. Finally, I have a Motorola HS-820 bluetooth headset that I used with my last phone, but it seems the Z520a doesn't likes this headset. I cannot voice dial and if you make a call using the phone's keypad you have to keep the phone open, or it will hang the call, which is not very pleasant. Maybe its a configuration setting I'm not making but who knows. On the other hand, the wired hands-free that comes with the phone is very nice. It has great sound and you can use it as a one-ear headphone for mp3's since it has better sound than a lot of other cheap headphones.In the overall, I think its a great phone except for those problems I mentioned. I recommend it.

Amanda Richards hit the nail on the head, but she didn't get into how nice the Bluetooth is on this phone.  In addition to being a VERY SOLID (both in build and function) phone with a lot of features you wouldn't expect to find in something this low in price, you'll also get FULL Bluetooth 1.2 capability.What does this mean?Well, you can transfer mp3 ringtones to it, you can connect a headset to it, you can transfer themes and photos to and from it and you can even tether it to your laptop to use as a modem!If you want a fancy phone, you'll have to pay for it.  But, if you want a decent phone that has an awesome battery life, a sharp, colorful screen, Bluetooth that works and custom themes, then you can't do better than this!I like this phone and use it often as a backup phone.
