
whatever you do, do not get this phone.  I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?" its very annoying to whoever I'm talking to. if I could I would take it back and get anything else

This phone, and all the other versions of V3, stores the same contacts multiple times. i.e. same name with cell, home, work and email address would be stored as 4 different entries. So now if you have 100 contacts stored on your phone with four different numbers(cell,home,work,email etc), there will be 400 entries stored in your phone. and if you have to browse through then there are 400 entires to go through. Very very annoying feature.Did Motorola ever tested this phone before releasing. I guess not. What a waste of money. I am giving it 2 stars only because I am able to make phone calls with it!

--PROS--I bought this phone from Amazon about a year ago, and thanks to all the rebates it was free. This is the first cell phone I have ever owned, and I must say that I am very happy with my purchase. Obviously the phone is very thin and cool, which is what I wanted. I hate having bulky pockets, and this phone fits nicely into my pocket without making me feel weighed down. At first, I was concerned that is was so thin that it might fall out of my pocket when sitting or lying down, but I can't ever remember that happening. Also, I had some concern over its durabilty, but after dropping it several times due to my own clumsiness, I must say that it is incredibly durable. After a year of good hard use, it's still in excellent condition with only a few minor scratches on the back.Sound quality is good, but sometimes I wish it were a little louder (such as those times when there is alot going on aournd you), but all in all I can't complain. The ringer also seems loud enough and I rarely fail to hear it ring (again, only those times when there is alot of noise around you, but that is to be expected). Speaker phone is also very nice. Voice quality is crisp and clear. I get great reception with this phone everywhere I go. My Freshman year at college I was on the ground floor, so most people only had 1 or 2 bars at best, but I consistently got 2-3 bars, and sometimes even 4. Reception's never been a problem and this phone has a great antenna. Also, dropped calls are few and far between with Cingular.The phone also has Bluetooth which works wonderfully and you can use AIM and browse the web with it also. I don't use the phone much for it's internet capabilties, but if you plan to browse the internet etc with it, make sure you get a Media Package from Cingular because the kilobytes add up quickly. Text messaging with the phone is quick and easy and very intuitive (especially with the quick complete feature that greatly speeds typing time). Sending and recieving images is also a breeze.--CONS--I only have a few real complaints with this phone. First, the camera is pretty weak compared to some of the newer models out now (which sport 1.3 megapixel and up), and the zoom is passable. Don't get me wrong, the pictures the phone takes are great, but certainly not top of the line any more. Also, while the phone can play back video, you cannot take video with this phone (however, since some of my friends can take video with there Razr, I'm pretty sure you can fix this by hacking it). The keypad, while very sleek and stylish easily retains fingerprints, smudges, and oils from you hand and face (as does the screen). Also, since the keys are basically flush with the surface, dialing by feel can sometimes be tricky (like when you're driving). To me, these drawbacks are minor, however, and do not significantly detract from what is otherwise a great phone.--BOTTOM LINE--I can't recommned this phone enough, especially if you are looking for something that is both stylish and very good for making phone calls (at least with Cingular). Messaging is also great. If you want super high-quality pictures, however, I would suggest looking at some of the newer models (including the newer Razr models) which all have much higher resolutions.

When I purchased my Motorola RAZR V3 Black Phone with Cingular service plan last year, I wasn't sure how well the phone would perform; but I liked the fact that it has a slim design, the keypad and screen are protected when the phone is closed and the phone supports Bluetooth technology.  As I have used the phone for nearly a year, I can report that the Motorola RAZR V3 has a reasonable amount of battery life, as I have used it for several hours at a time without need for a recharge.  Also, it can usually maintain a connection during a phone call and the cellular service signal is weak (about 1 bar).  The sound quality is good and the built-in camera takes reasonably good photos.  As for roaming, I have driven as much as 30 miles and had no connectivity problems with the RAZR.  My only real complaint about the Motorola RAZR are the small buttons located on the outside of the phone.  Though intended to be convenient, when stored in a pants pocket, they can be accidentally & unintentionally pressed if there are other objects in close proximity.  Though I had frequent Bluetooth connectivity issues between the RAZR and a Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset that I purchased at the same time as the Motorola RAZR, when I replaced the H500 headset with a Jabra BT150 Bluetooth Headset, the connectivity issues disappeared.  Hence, I do not recommend using a Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset with the Motorola RAZR: use a different Bluetooth headset instead.As for Cingular's service, I am generally pleased with the quality of their service.  Though some reviewers have mentioned problems with Cingular's service, my only recommendation is that before you choose any cellular service provider, find out which provider has the best coverage and reputation within your area.Overall, my overall rating for the Motorola RAZR V3 Black Phone is 4 out of 5 stars.  Certainly there is room for improvement, but the Motorola RAZR has, in my opinion, a proven design for both aesthetic and practical reasons.

Again Amazon plays games not offering service in the Maine area. After checking with Cingular service is available but Amazon is not offering it. It was hinted that it has to do with the laws in Maine on time lines of the rebates. Bad Bad Bad

MOTOROLA RAZR V3 cell phone is awesome. I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best. It is better than me other Motorola phones. Unlike other phones this phone includes Speaker Phone, 4X Digital Camera, Bluetooth Technology, and MPEG4 Video Playback. This phone is the thinnest phone you ever had! It comes in two colors, Silver and Black. The black one looks really good.The regular price for the phone is four hundred dollars, but if you get a new plan for two years with Cingular this phone is for free. You had pay two hundred dollar right now, but you will get your money back by mail in rebate. You will have pay about hundred dollars with other service providers. It is always better to buy cell phone online, if you buy the cell phone from the store, it will be way too expensive.Senior Associate Editor of PC World Grace Aquino says that, "Like most Motorola phones, the V3 has a volume/ringer control and a phone-book button on the side. The unit is compatible with Bluetooth headsets for untethered calls. And like most recent cell phones, the V3 includes a 640-by-480 resolution camera with a 4X digital zoom. You switch to picture-taking mode by pressing the camera button on the side."Also, in the magazine Business Matthew Maier said, "The RAZR proves that form and function aren't mutually exclusive, even in the technically arcane world of high-end cell phones. Not since 1996's Startac had Motorola scored a killer design, so the company gave its industrial designers free rein to pursue the materials they coveted -- with few cost constraints. The result was the first phone made solely of demanding metal alloys that didn't sacrifice next-generation features such as Bluetooth technology and a high-resolution VGA digital camera. Taking its design cues (and name) from razor blades, the slim, lightweight phone has been a hit with both gear heads and the fashion-conscious, reestablishing Motorola as a design-minded brand. There's no way this is a one-hit wonder".Motorola RAZR V3 is the best phone of today, and it is too much in demand. Motorola has sold nearly 1 million of the $500 Razors since their launch in early November. So, it has to have something extra. This is the best phone to buy today.(...)

as the title said, I am interested in getting this cool phone but i would like to keep the same no. do anyone know if that's possible???Thanks!

Drops calls too frequently and my wife and I both had to return ours (within 9 months of purchase) for warranty exchange for having stuck buttons on the keypad.

Do your self a favor, and stay away from this phone. You can barely hear from this phone, and keep begging to speak louder. Extremely frustrated with the phone voice quality.

My wife and I recently upgraded to RAZR phones from Samsung P207's during Cingular's [...] deal [...].  The P207's we upgraded from were beautiful phones but they froze/locked up all the time and got poor reception - anyway, mine finally froze permanently so we both upgraded to RAZRs - I have the Black RAZR and my wife has the Pink RAZR!We have had them for a few weeks now and they are working great.  They are sleek and stylish, get fantastic reception and have a long battery life.  The camera and video camera functions work well and the RAZR is very easy to personalize with mp3 ringtones (etc) and configurable buttons.  Also, they are Bluetooth headset compatible which is very convenient when you are driving. (We got the Motorola H500 headsets on sale - I got silver, my wife got pink of course).  Finally, like someone else said you can charge the RAZR via a USB cable which is convenient if you are on the go and forgot your charger but not your laptop. :)The only weak feature about the phone is way the Phone Book works  - it's not difficult to use, but it does require you to save the phone numbers to your phone's memory vs. the SIM card if you want to have more than one phone number per contact.This is great in some ways because you can easily assign icons to your contacts alternate numbers and also switch between alternate numbers for your contacts very quickly by using the left and right keys (assuming you have set all your contacts up).However, you will also have multiple listings per person - unless you use the work around I listed below (ie. If you have one phone number for "Mom", she will be listed twice: once for the number on your SIM card and once for the number on your phone memory):The only workaround I have figured out is as follows:1. First, save all of your contact numbers from your SIM card to your phone's memory.2. Next, edit each individual contact to assign names and icons to each number (there are icons for cell, work, home, etc.)3. Now, put all of the numbers saved to your phone's memory in the  same category.  For example, you can put everyone from your phone's memory list in the "Personal" category.4. The last step is set your phone up to only view the "Personal" category.  Once you have done this it won't display multiple phone number/name listings per Contact.Although it seems like a pain to do it this way, it's much better to have a backup on your SIM card than it is to lose all of your numbers if your cell phone dies.Overall, this phone blows away every previous phone that I have used - especially for $49!  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the way the Phone Book works, but that doesn't stop my wife and I from enjoying our phones to the fullest!

There is a reason why the Motorola Razr V3 is the most popular cell phone around. The color is a magnificent black plus it is very stylish and cool. People are proud to be seen talking on these phones because they are a status symbol. Movie stars, celebrities, and regular folks all clamor for it. A Razr V3 is to cell phones what a Lexus or an Escalade is to automobiles. Before purchasing mine, I researched for weeks. I read dozens of reviews, both positive and negative.  The negative reviews stated the phone was flimsy. However, that is not the case. Yes, it is very thin. But, it is made of strong material and feels very sturdy. Also, there are a ton of features to keep a person busy for hours. I do not like to read the manual. It is a lot more fun to just explore the phone to discover its features. In the past the price of these phones was astronomical. However, the prices are now within reach of people with a budget. If you have a bluetooth headset (I have the motorola h700), you can program names to be voice dialed. That comes in handy while you are driving. A corded headset is included in the box. Give Motorola credit for including a headset instead of forcing you to buy one separately. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who is interested in having a cell phone that is built of the highest quality material and contains tons of advanced features.

I give 2 stars, 1 for the phone and 1/5 for Cingular. The Black Razor is hot, indeed, for the stylish design. Thin and flat, light weight and cool keypad. Beyond those, there is absolutely nothing new compare with other models of Motorola. Handsfree speaker is loud, but the ear speaker is noisy. If you turn on bluetooh and talk on the phone at the same time, there is wave sound interference and cause you headache. This never happen to Nokia, Samsung and Sony Ericsson phones. Camera is horrible, photos are not clear and sharp even when viewed at the phone. Battery life is still short and battery dead after just couple months regular used. This is a common problem of Motorola color phones and after several years, they still can't fix it. That's it. Functions ? read advertising, but believe me, nothing interesting.About Cingular: This is the worst carrier I've ever seen. They re-hire every impolite customer servicce representative from AT&T; to work for them to drive their customers crazy. They bill 2 minute for a call you make to a person in 1 minute. They try to find every smallest thing to charge you. They chain you in a 2 year contract and then ruin up your freedom. Very dissapointed.

Love it!!  Best phone I have had so far. The picture quality of the display is great, the camera and overall phone quality are also excellent.  I wish the volume of the earpiece was a little louder but overall a great phone. Cingular coverage in the phoenix area is sketchy and unpredictable at best...... previously I had Sprint wich had better coverage but I really wanted this phone so I switched.

I got mine off theelectronicrevolution.com, and I am very impressed.  It's a change not having a bulk in your pocket from your cell phone.  It's a great all in one phone.  The only thing is that for me, the keypad causes marks on the screen, but you can just wipe them off.  But I will urge anyone thinking about it to get it.

This phone sucks bigtime. First of all the usage is complicated. Its not user friendly. It shows a very good signal on the phone but the voice breaks up most of the time. Sometimes it disconnects just like that even if the reception is full!!. On the bottom right corner of the main screen you have AIM (AOL Instant messenger), I dont use AIM and i dont need it there. It doesnt make any sense, not everybody who buys this phone use AIM. It should have been more like a Address Book or something. If you want to store more than 1 phone number for the same person(e.g. home, mobile) it shows up as 1 entry for each in the address book making the phone list complicated. Dont buy this phone or you will have to repent.

First off, the phone design is excellent.I would also like to quickly dispell some of the negative comments in the reviews below.Multiple numbers CAN be added to individual contacts, and any serious buyer (as well as all those who claim the phone cannot do just this) should actually READ THE MANUAL (also available on Motorola's website) to see how it can be done EASILY.The low volume complaint is true, however, my previous phone (Sony Ericsson T610) had the same issue, so this was a moot point for me, as I was used to the lower volume of the earpiece.My phone can actually record VIDEO, granted it is a bit choppy, but the phone I received as of October had this feature enabled right out of the box.These seem to be the biggest reoccuring complaints, other than the slow interface, which I have found to be fine with a little trial and error, and again, reading the manual.Cingular Wireless has been good to work with, and even though I messed around with the phone a bit too much and locked the SIM card, they were really nice and provided me with the proper key to unlock it (but they are not under review here - the phone is).I highly encourage a bit of research, a bit of skepticism, and of course if you still buy and don't approve, it's very easy to return a phone before 30 days on most contracts.This is the best phone I've purchased yet, and for that I give 5 stars.UPDATE: AFTER 1 MONTH OF USE...I still love this phone.A few other realizations:There are a number of websites available showing how to improve your device (legally and without voiding any warranties). And if you like, there are methods of "flexing" the firmware of the phone to enable more features and gain more storage space (not sure about warranties after these though).I highly recommend getting a mini-USB cable (one should have been provided with the phone for the price) in order to help with transfering images etc. to and from the phone.MobilPhoneTools is a decent application for doing this as well as things like adding your own personal ringtones from your own mp3 library (without paying for them!), but you have to purchase this software through Motorola.I FINALLY DROPPED IT!!! - onto the hard concrete floor of a Food Lion during a session of holding too many things while shopping...and the phone is FINE! I found after a quick inspection what I thought were scratches on the exterior LCD that would not come off by polishing, but they came off with some effort from my fingernail (a technique used if you've ever owned a quartz watch). I have to say the build of this phone is excellent (and I may invest in a screen protector...just in case).There is a slight screen noise from the interior LCD when held up to the ear, but I find that it is lessened during calls and stops completely when the screen backlight turns off (after about 1 minute or less of talk time), so I wouldn't consider that such a rotten quirk.Overall, I've still to find an aspect of this phone that would make me not recommend it.Still 5 stars!

Like the previous Motorola phones that I've had, this one has the easy intutive system for navigating its numerous menus --- I'm sold on using Motorola for this reason,  compared to the Noxxxx, Motorola is great!PROS:Almost everythingAwesome designGSMI found the volume to be excellent compared to my last phone (motorola v60).Good antenna, extremely low rate of dropped signals --- also, since the antenna does not protrude, I anticipate it will not require replacement (I had to replace the antenna twice on my old v60 --- broke off from carrying in pocket and/or dropping)Excellent color screen.Good camera for a phone.Great size, easily fits in a shirt pocket.Great battery life (with Bluetooth off)Easily customizable but items that I never use (media mall, media net, etc.) remain in a prominent place and can not be put in some obscure location.CONS:The most significant negative feature is the screen --- it is extremely hard to see in sunlight.Display on front (when closed) is hard to read.Price (if you are upgrading your phone with Cingular --- they wanted $199) However, since I was changing from AT&T; to Cingular I was able to buy the phone at BestBuy for $70.The manual that comes with it should be better writen.Screen gets oily from normal use and must be wiped off frequently.Alarm Clock interface could be better.Date Book Alert is not very loud.Accessory support at Cingular Stores rather poor --- two Cingular Stores did not have the USB cable (had to buy one at Wal-Mart).Of the four or five phones that I have owned, this one is by far the best in all respects.  Even with these cons it is still eons ahead of other phones.EDIT: Change from 5 stars to 1 star...  I loved the features on the phone and the flip lid was great.  PROBLEM:  After about 3 months the screen would not light up --- took the phone back to AT&T; and they sent me a reconditioned phone which lasted about a month --- took that one back, they sent another reconditioned phone,  Long story > short:  I had 5 phones in one year, the 5th phone finally worked and kept working for a couple of years.  Because of my experience with this phone, I will not buy another Motorola.

Excellent phone.  Unique software architecture which is quite a departure from the style and format of Sprint PCS phones which was my previous carrier.  My only issue is that the various menu interfaces are not as intuitive as sprint phone software menue interfaces.  I have still much to learn and explore as far as phone functionality go but fortunately Cingular blesses you with a very detailed phone manual which Sprint was always negligent in providing such detail in their paperbound manuals.  There are many charts and quick-guide cheat sheets in the manual which make for easy hunt and peck assistance with phone functions another quality lacking in Sprint.By the way, though my previous phone was blue tooth I had never used a headset with the device.  It is truly wonderful to have both hands free and to even be a dozen feet away from your phone while making and answering calls.  I love bluetooth, get a headset and put it to use, you wont regret it, especially if you like to be fully functional with your hands while having on the go conversations.

this phone gets one star for the appearance. the sound quality on the earpiece is terrible and i don't think i've ever run into an operating system and menus that were less intuitive. don't be fooled by it's chic appeal.

I took a cingular plan with mortorola ROKR phone. uhh.. i just returned the phone after 3 days. Its sucks lot of battery, enough if you don't use MP3 player. I had to recharge my phone almost every day. If you talk continuously for 2 hours, the phone goes off. Returned ROKR picked RAZR black.Motorola  RAZR looks nice though.I was thrilled to have Razr blk . We had few of my friends who fancied for this phone. We just realised all the phones has a kinda noise.  Try this for yourself. Keep the phone close to your ears. Listen to it with little attention. huh.......you would definitely hear the transitor tuning kinda noise. I checked with few of other friends' phones .All gave the same irritating noise. Worst thing is when u make calls the person on the other side can hear the this noise.Careful : Watch out for this .If you are prepared to live with the noise , this phone is really cool.Pros :1) Nice lookingCons :1) Battery life is poor.2) Crappy Menu structure3) Noisy.

In case you were wondering, the ONLY differences between the black and silver RAZRs are:1. The Color2. The Price Tag (at some stores)There are NO new features in the black RAZR.  It has all the same specs (and bugs) as the silver model.In choosing a RAZR you should consider which color you like best, and whether or not you're willing to pay the price premium some stores are charging on the black one.You should also read the reviews for the silver model, since both phones are the same inside.A couple of other notes:-The keyboard on the black RAZR is silver.  Some people do not like this.-The RAZR (probably the silver one only) is rumored to be coming to another US carrier very soon (Hint: starts with "T", ends with "obile")-There will be a lot of new sharp looking phones with features superior to the RAZR coming out this fall.

I am a Cingular Blue customer, i.e. former AT&T; customer rolled into Cingular billing, but with my old AT&T; sim card.I bought this phone a couple weeks ago. The phone did not work out of the box with my AT&T; sim card, it kept booting to a screen that asked for a password. That was a bummer, as I really wanted to keep my great AT&T; calling plan. So, after a little research, I found a non-branded cell phone store (privately owned, not T-Mobile, Cingular, etc.) where they did instant unlocking for a very reasonable fee (around twenty bucks).That did it! After 5 minutes and pocket change, my phone was unlocked and worked with my AT&T; sim card. And, now I can put *any* sim card in the phone, not just Cingular/AT&T.; So, for example, any European or American pay-as-you-go sim will work. Very cool.As for the phone itself - I love it. I have been using cell phones since the early 90's, when minutes were measured in dollars, and this phone is the *best* phone I've had. Great size, great features, great reception. Bluetooth. Speakerphone. Highly customizable interface. MP3 ringtones. Compact. Huge, bright color screen inside, and nice color screen outside.One of the easiest to open foldable phones. For example, the seam between the two halves lets you slip a finger in to flip the phone open quite easily. I loved my old V60 years ago, but my main complaint about that was you *had* to use two hands to open it. When it was closed it was too smooth to flip open with one hand. The Razr allows one handed flip - very cool.Don't worry about the battery life warnings. My phone easily goes a couple days with regular use, and many days with just a little use. I mean, I suppose charging once every two weeks would be fun, but practically speaking just plugging it in every couple days without thinking about it works fine for me.My only real complaint is there is no headphone jack! The *only* port is a little mini-USB type B port, which is for charging, data transfer, and headphone plug. But no standard 2.5 mm plug. Of course, it has bluetooth, so any bluetooth headset will work. In fact, I use the Jabra 250v and love it. It works really well. But sometimes I like the simplicity of a *wired* headset, without having to worry about batteries, and that's the only area where the Razr stumbles. I have yet to find any way to adapt a standard 2.5 mm plug to the mini USB plug on the phone. And the only headset available with a mini USB plug built in is Motorola's, and they only offer one, which is the little dangley earpiece kind with a dongle on the wire for the mic. I really don't like those.CONCLUSION: Love the phone. Love the features. Love the reception. Would like a headphone plug.

Like a gullible American who watches too much television I was swayed by the razr's primetime commercial. Sadly, the only thing that was true about this phone was that it was the thinnest phone on the market. The razr did not meet my expectations of a $500 phone by any means...First off the phonebook is ridiculously slow. It takes you a long time to scroll through your list and you cant shortcut by pressing the first 2 letters of the persons name. Along the lines of a faulty contact you cannot store several numbers on a contacts name. For example if you wanted your "Aunt Debbie's cell, home, work, and fax number you would have 4 different entries instead of 1 and sub numbers to choose from. This is ridiculous!Another problem that I have with the razr is its reception and sound quality. With my Nokia 6820 I could roam all over my house and have at least 2 bars of reception. With my razr i get from 0-1 bar/s of reception and those calls eventually get dropped. The antenna on this thing does not work because even when I have full reception my calls are dropped. I could be driving and all of a sudden I can hear myself talk with a lot of reverb (echo). That is very annoying.The upside of this phone is the thinness, mp3 ringtones, and camera. All those things are awesome. The hardware is pretty much the same. Therefore you get the same features of a cheaper Motorola phone for about $200 more.Now isn't this phone just a steal of a deal?

Cingular used to have tolerable customer service, but I don't what it is, ever since the ATT merger, their CS had gone way down hill. Recent problems include: double charging my credit card; impossibly long waitng time when trying to talk to a CS live person; when actually able to get a hold of one of them, he/she sounded rude, cold, and like they don't care they just want to get your off the phone line as quickly as them can. Definitely not recommended Cingular until their services improve drastically.

I first want to say I was extremely skeptical about purchasing this phone. I had read so many reviews bashing the phones menu quality and durability, as well as numerous bugs reported in the software. Aside from the durability (I can't comment at this time on this) none of the problems have shown themselves. I am extremely pleased with this phone.Most of the time when you read feedback online you will have to realize that most of it will be negative... Because those of us having a great time with our product are busy using it, not writing reviews. This is why I really wanted to post my opinion.So how stylish is it?What really needs to be said that hasn't been already? We all have seen this phone and know it's probably one of, if not, the most stylish handset to date. Ultra thin is not the only "cool" factor this phone boasts. It's the overall craftsmanship of the handset that really sets it ten steps above the competition. It's truly a peace of modern art.Its looks cool but does it perform?The answer is yes and no. Yes to the crowd desiring a basic handset. This is a very good handset for those out there desiring a phone. If your looking for a PDA or Blackberry look elsewhere. Even though the phone is basic, it performs all of these functions flawlessly. The phone still has a camera (that does take video! Search the "My Stuff" menu to find the option), play games, text, multi-media, Bluetooth, internet, and a bunch of other cool features. I think it's truly amazing they packed as much as they did into such a small package. So if you're looking for a phone that performs the "basic cell phone" functions, you have found it. Need something to plan your business trip to New York? Buy a Blackberry! I wanted to address the "dim" screen reports. Yes the screen is dim in bright light. There is an option to turn the screen brightness up. In setting - initial settings - brightness, you can actually turn it up quite a bit making it almost too bright.Will it really break the first time I drop it?I have not tested the durability of this phone, but I can give you my best guess. After handling the phone it seems to be incredibly sturdy, but it is still thin. I would say if dropped in the closed position it would probably be fine. If open, you may crack it in half, depending on the fall distance and surface. My suggestion to you is to get full insurance from your carrier (cingular does provide it) and not worry about it.Overall, this is my favorite phone to date. I would definitely recommend this to someone looking for a phone that looks amazing and performs flawlessly. Those of you looking to schedule your lunch appointments with your laundry should look elsewhere.

the phone is only ok-gets smuggy easily. Cingular charged twice the price on my first months bill and said that because I brought it from a third party that there was nothing they could do. The activation fee is 36.00 not 18.00 as listed. And they start charging you time from when you order and not from when you get the phone. They say it is so you can start to use your phone time minutes(before you get the phone?) Cingular is on the bottom of customer service in Consumer Reports and now I know why.

Pros:Quality is really good. Huge screen, really solid, light, flat. Antenna is further from the ear/brain(?).Cons:Hardware:- buttons are too flat (cannot dial without looking), joystick is useless- absence of lights outside (to signal a missed call or voicemail)- absence of a standard headphone socketFirmware, software:- crippled usb (requirement to use drivers when just charging, so must use proprietary charger)- lenght limit on phone numbers- inability to work with calling cards- you cannot assign speed-dial to functions (only to address book entries)- absence of "both ring and vibrate" modeIt seems that some parts were designed by entirelly different teams.

This is a great, stylish phone which holds up a lot better than some people say.  However, it isn't very loud.  It's often hard to hear people talking when it's on the highest volume.  Speaker phone helps some, but that means everyone else can hear your conversation and no one wants to be like Dennis Franz on those Nextel commercials - annoying.

Although very nice looking, the V3 has some serious shortcomings that can range from merely frustrating to absolutely infuriating when you come from the Nokia / SonyEricsson world. Keeping it Brief:1- Address book is not consolidated. If you have several phone numbers for 1 contact, that contact will appear as many times as there are numbers in the contact list2- The interface does not allow you to 'hide' contacts stored on the SIM chip. All contacts are combined. So avoid backing up your contact list to the SIM chip, because you will end up with duplicates in the list3- No ability to bulk-delete contacts from the SIM chip (only from the phone). Get ready for some heavy-duty manual labor deleting every single entry by hand4- Contacts copied to the SIM chip will loose their attributes (e.g. home number vs. cell number vs. work number, etc) - The contacts will be reset with a generic attribute5- The clock can be either digital or analog, but does not allow you to switch to military/European format (e.g. 22:00 instead of 10:00pm)6- Cannot delete the default images in the gallery - unless you purchase additional connectivity hardware

After all the hype I had heard about this phone, I was disappointed when I got it.  It's overall ergonomics aren't that great.  Yes, it's thin, but it is also wide and tall.  It doesn't fit conveniently in my average-size hand, and one-handed dialing (holding it in your hand while using your thumb to dial) is difficult. The flip-up screen raises the center of gravity and makes the phone want to fall out of your hand.  Try dialing any phone number with a 7, 8, or 9 in it, or worse yet, try to use the * or # keys when checking voice mail, and you'll see what I mean.  The flat keypad looks great but doesn't give you any tactile feedback, so it's easy to mis-dial if you're not careful.The large, high resolution color screen is nice, except for the fact it gets easily smudged when holding it to your ear.  Makes it a little embarrasing if you want to hand it over to someone else to make a call--they look at the greasy screen and get turned off!  It also seems to easily attract dust that gets underneath the membrane and can't be cleaned off.As others have indicated, it can be difficult to hear on this phone.  When you are able to get the tiny speaker hole at the top middle of the phone exactly aligned with your ear it works fine, but if it is even slightly off, you can hardly hear anything.The software functionality seems reasonable, except for a curious thing the Motorla software engineers did.  If you like to pre-program keystroke sequences, for example to automatically enter the sequence of numbers to access your voice mail, you will discover quite a bit of variability in the duration of the automatically-transmitted tones.  Sometimes a tone will be sent for a short duration, other times the same tone is sent for several seconds.  Also, the shortest duration programmable pause is quite long.  I guess they wanted to simulate the kind of variability you might get by manually pressing keys, but the net result is an agonizingly slow dialing sequence compared to my previous Nokia phone.  This is a small inconvenience, though.  My complaints are really centered around the phone's ergonomics.Bottom line is that if style is more important to you than usability, this phone is the one to get.  No doubt that it is definitely the "in" phone to have right now.  If you care more about ease of use, look elsewhere.

I just switched from Nextel to Cingular and decided to take up the offer that amazon is putting out on the Razr phones. I didn't realize how much my Nextel SUCKED until I actually started using the Razr with Cingular. So far I have had service everywhere with little to none dropped calls. Also, Cingular's customer service has been awsome so far.As for the phone, WOW. EVERYONE is impressed by this phone, even though its well over 6 months old. I have to admit that I am a cell phone freak and I always have the latest and greatest, and this phone is satisfying my hunger GREATLY! It is just so thin, and still rare, that people just love to look at it. Bluetooth has been working pretty good, and the phone is pretty packed with features.The screen is awsome, it looks like its a mini plasma screen. However the camera is so-so, nothing to brag about, which kinda sucks since it has such a high-tech screen. The keypad is awsome, totally flat, but still easy to use.The only things I dont like about this phone is that the menu speed is a little slow, and the camera. But overall, its been an amazing phone that really turns heads. I love just wipping out my razr, and then letting it slide back into my pocket where its virtually invisable.

I'm not sure if this is a problem specific to my service area, but my razr phone interferes with many electronics--like my car stereo, television, etc. If I'm watching tv, i can tell when I'm about to get a call BEFORE the phone begins to ring because the tv gets this weird static...same goes for the car stereo. anyone else experience this? Also, when I flip the phone open (and no one is on the other line) you hear this high-pitched sound...happens when I'm on the phone as well and sounds almost like a teapot whistling in the background.

The phone feels sturdy yet conveniently thin and compact.  The display on the front is hard to read.  Difficult to hold against your shoulder if you need both hands and don't have a headset.  Everywhere you go, you'll see this phone so don't accidentally lay it down and get it mixed up with someone else's!

I am thinking about getting this phone with Cingular. I like the thiness and look of the phone. I read the fine print and noticed that they have a 79 cent/min charge for roaming on all of the plans offered through Amazon. I'm with T-Mobil now and don't have to pay for any US roaming. Under Cingular, if I roam more than a couple of hours a year, I might as well have paid $200 for the phone. Can anyone who has purchased this phone through Amazon with Cingular service tell me if the roaming charges are accurate?

I was really excited when I first purchased the phone, it looks great.  However within 1 month I started having issues.  It drops a lot of calls.  The keys started messing up and getting locked. If you charge it for too long it will shut down.  If you do not charge it long enough it breaks down and leaves a message that states "unable to charge".  This phone turned out to be a joke that was on me.  I returned it because they couldn't fix it and the second one that they sent me was worse than the first.  The man at the cingular store stated that a least 2-3 people a week return the phone for similiar problems. Take my advise do not buy this phone!!!!!

I purchased this phone because I really liked the design of the product and was happy with Motorola products in the past.  However, for the past 5 years, I have had only Samsung phones.  I'm sorry to say that the Razr is all design and very poor quality.  My phone constantly loses its ringtone setting.  Additionally, I often answer the phone only to realize that although I can hear the person on the other side, they cannot hear me.There are phones out there that are a better compromise between style and performance - i'm going back to Samsung.

The Good: Size, battery life, charge time, customization ability, big lcd screenThe Bad: Incredibly poor industrial design...the buttons on the side are easily pressed, and they will do things like change your ringer style, volume, etc without you knowing it. The buttons are absolutely stupid...designed for the hands of a japanese nymph with dwarfism. Even if you set up hot keys, you'll have to look at the godamned thing first....NOT a safe phone while on the road. It also likes to drop calls and do weird things, such as power off during calls, even when it's in use. The camera is practically useless....especially any video, oh look, some animated blobs.I really hate this piece of garbage. It's all style with very little substance. Avoid this trendy junk.

I bought my two Razr phones on sunday morning( 12/18/05) and received them both Wednesday night (12/21/05)at 5:30pm.They both work great and I havn't had any problems with them yet!Motorola phones are made well and I havn't had any problems with the last 4 motorola phones I have bought.Art

I like the phone but I'm still waiting for my rebate after a year.  Can't seem to get through the system..... I bought two and I'm out $300 bucks.... next time I buy from someone other than Amazon....

Wow!!! This is the best cell phone Cingular has on the market. The Motorola Razr V3 has it all. That is great reception, lots of features, it doesn't have that cheap phone look, and easy to use. I did a lot of research by surfing the web checking out consumer reports on various phones and this had the highest ratings.  Now I understand why. I've always been a fan of Nokia, but no longer. This phone is the best the market has right now!!!

Nice phone - Slim and fits beautifully in the pocket - don't know it is there, until it rings. It charges off a USB cable from a PC so no need to travel with a charger. Picture messaging is excellent when it works - technical ability of Congular is sub standard.The phone is excellent but it can only be as good as the service provider.  I haven't tried the over service providers but cingular is well below par.

The slim and attractive appearance is undisputed but the ease of use (menus) and reliability needed more attention.  They promptly replaced it, both times it didn't work, including a battery that wouldn't hold a charge after only 10 months of use however the replacement battery won't hold a charge near as long as the previous 6 to 8 phones I've had.  I might have understood if it were a cheap phone, but with a hefty price tag (I'm embarrassed to say how much I paid for it), I expected the best and got much less.

This phone is definately cool but beware. Unless you use it on speakerphone all the time like I do now, you'll get pretty bad headaches. Dunno why.

One person said in a review "While this phone is thin, it is too bulky to handle, and seems flimsy."I could not disagree more. It feels extremly sturdy, and while it is not a tiny phone, it is very thin. It weighs more then you would expect, but I don't mind because it feels a bit more well made.I had an off version of the Motorola V557 that I have had for well over a year now. I got it free, so I gave it up to a friend who needed a phone badly. I am a cingular customer. I was wanting a new phone anyways and it worked out well.I got the Nokia 6102 about one or two weeks ago. I have to say while it is a good deal for the price I just didn't like it at all. So I returned it and got the razr. I spent a bit more on the razr, but it was reasonable. (...).The razor is simple phone, a good phone. It comes in a very pretty case that will make you happy each and every time you open it! It has a good quality camera (it's NOT a digital camera, its more like good quality web cam) and I find it very easy to read, and dial because everything is so clear and spaced out nicley.I got the black version, and I nick named it KIT after the night rider car, it reminds me of it. Yeah I am a dork!I had read some complaints that this phone didn't come with enough stuff, well at it's launch price point I would say yeah it was overpriced. Now it has come down and it is a good deal in my book.I am very pleased with it so far! Pleased enough to come write a review!I also love all the cool accessories you can get, including vynle(sp?) skins in any color you want.

I have enjoyed everything about this phone, except for one major flaw, which some other reviewers have also mentioned.  The earpiece volume is extremely low.  If I am anywhere with any noise at all (in the car, outdoor event with noise, etc.), I cannot hear what the other person is saying to me.  It is so bad, that I am going to have to return this phone.  I was hoping that I just had a faulty unit, but some of the reviewerss mentioned that they have gotten their's replaced, and they are all the same.  I don't use an earpiece, so if you primarily do us one, this may not be a big issue for you.It is a wonderful phone, otherwise.  But, this is too major of a fault, to keep the phone.

If you read some of the reviews in this forum with *5 ratings then those all things are true. But I found few problems with this phone. I bought this phone 2 weeks back from Amazon.com with 2yr contract.I am getting very less volume when I am speaking to others over the phone. As I am hearing less volume, I am speaking on a high pitch. This is really irritating me. I donno did someone noticed this problem or not...When I open the phone and keep on my ears then I am hearing some continous distortion. To verify this problem, I went to shopping mall and I took the cingular wireless sales representatives phone and I heard more noise then on my phone. Strange part is.... I can hear this only on certain angle.... position of the phone on my ears.Please help me if this is the common problem with this phone.

Overall, I like this phone, for the reasons many other people have already stated.  So here are the annoying quirks.  Firstly, the ringer, even at the maximum volume level of 7, is rather difficult to hear in a modestly noisy environment (such as a crowded store).  It depends partly on which ringtone is used, but it's overall softer when contrasting with louder Nokia rings.Also, the startup time (the time from pressing the "ON" button until the wallpaper appears) is unusually long (at about 25 to 30 seconds).Secondly, the battery lid has bent on both sides of the rounded edge, after about two weeks of sitting in a pants pocket.  So both side views now reveal a widening gap where the lid joins with the back of the phone.Thirdly, although the phone is amazingly thin, the phone is rather wide (wide enough to cause some bulk discomfort in the pants pocket).  This also makes it arguably (slightly) more difficult to open with one hand than narrower flip phones.Fourthly, there are dedicated buttons for text messages and Web access.  Depending on which features you use heavily, this may actually be a blessing.  Perhaps Motorola has done some research proving that people use these two features heavily, but I think that a dedicated camera button (like the ones on some other Motorola models) would be more useful.  That way, one of the soft keys could be freed up for another shortcut.Fifthly, the Razr charges through a mini-USB port (which is an excellent idea), but it's different from what other Motorola models use (which isn't so nice).  This means that you'll need different chargers and car chargers between Razr and different Motorola models.Sixthly, the Razr uses Bluetooth Class 1 (as opposed to Class 2).  Class 1 means that it gets much more range, but it drains the battery faster than Class 2.  I've heard that Class 2 is more widespread in Bluetooth phones.And lastly, it's a little bit too easy to mistakenly press any of the three side buttons (volume control, voice record, and voice dialing) when it's sitting in a purse or pocket.  This can mean unpredictable volume adjustments and slightly faster battery draining since the backlight turns on whenever any of these keys are presssed.BUT...these are minor things that make this phone almost perfect instead of perfect.  It's a good phone.  Great battery life.  Lovely screen.  You'll likely enjoy the Razr.

This phone is really cool for sure. I ordered 2 and now have a black and a silver one. The talk quality is worse than Sprint (my last carrier) and you get charged for all of the extras (email, Web, text messages and picture messages). All in all I thought they gauge you on the extras. The nice thing is that the phone comes with a usb cord and I bought the Motorolla mobile phone tools at a discounted price directly form motorolla because I already had the cord. ($20). By the way - any small sony usb camera or mp3 cord will work with this phone (as long at it is the same shape).Now on to THE REBATE. You WILL NOT GET IT if you want to keep an old phone number. The prting of the phone number takes away the option to get the rebates. I lost out on $300 bucks with two of the phones! Sucks for me and you too.The shipping also took 10 days to even be sent. I was really dissapointed when it said "usually ships within 24 hours" then 10 days later the Amazon support team told me that it allways takes a long time because they have to approve your contract then contact the supplier of the phone to send it. (where did my "24 hours" go?) it took 3 weeks total to get the phones after order. hmmmm - kinda long. Then got jacked on the rebates (the origional reason to order form Amazon!)THE PHONE FUNCTIONALITY -The programming is really weak. You cannot give one person several different phone numbers. you have to have the name show up several times in the phone book to have multiple numbers for one person. I have some people that show up 5 times! Home, Cell, Fax, Pager, alternate! Yikes - You would think that I know five Marks! I have like 100 contacts in my phone book and only actually have like 40 people in there.The camera is so-so. for 1.3 megapixel I would expexct better. The phone also has a bummer ringing in the earpeice that is off-and0on noticible. (like the other reviews said).2 SAVING GRACES -The functionality to use Mobile phone tools (software purchased sepperately) to add outlook contacts and ringtones to the phone. Again you get 5 or more entries per person because each item in outlook like cell, fax, email are all creating a different phonebook entry that you cannot combine like in "better" opperating systems in phones.It is really cool that you can create your own ringtones and put pictures on your phone with the application though. If you go on to any ringtones sight that you preview the ringtones you can put them on your phone for free. just click to listen then view your temporary internet files (in the controll pannel) then select the MIDI sequience files that are in the temporary internet files folder that you played for the ringtones. Copy them by right clicking COPY then paste in a new folder you create and call it something like ringtones. Then use the application (mobile phone tools) to put it on your phone.The other MAJOR saving grace of this phone is its size. It is so SLIM! it fits in your shirt pocket of pants pockit without hardly noticing it. That is sooooooo nice.Overall the phone is a keeper - that is untill a better one comes out that is more user friendly and has better functionality (which would be really easy to be better).Good luck

I just got this phone from Cingular a few days ago and with all the hype I was hoping for something better. Sure the phone has a sleek thin design but the camera is only .3mp ( compared to 1.3 from competing cellular companies) and the internet for the non VCAST phone is completely unacceptable. I tried the mobile Television made for Cingular and I got a video of around 3 frames per second. There is also no MP3 player in this phone so it really isn't worth the hype. I suggest getting a ROCKR cellphone or a pocket PC cellphone both of which cost nothing with 2yr activation and can handle much faster internet and all the major features the RAZR lacks.

Ive owned this phone for a while and finally convinced someone else to sell me their phone. You cant see the screen in the daytime. I really have to like cup my hand over the screen when the suns out and even then its hard to tell what your doing. And the navigation through the menus and the rest of the phone sucks. I promise you... Get this phone and be sorry.

I recently purchased this phone with a 2 year contract with cingular. So far I have no major complaint. The phone looks very good and it has a good array of functionalities. One thing to note: the $150 mail-in rebate needs to be sent with the second month's bill. So you cannot send it immediately. The only thing that bothers me is its volume: the maximum is 7, but it is not enough for my ears (and I think I have no hearing problems) when the environment is noisy, such as inside a bus. I cannot say much about cingular coverage. I used it in Boston (in the city) and in Philadelphia (mainly in upper darby and in the University area). While so far I haven't noticed any blind spots, the bars are not "raised" enough in all areas.

I bought this phone ofr my in-laws a few months ago and it works great.  Unfortunately, I don't get to see their phone very often.  Unless there is something better, this will be my next phone.

dont buy from amazon if you plan on trasferring some other phone number to this new phone and service. Mail-in-rebate is voided. It is so weired. They make money anyway.

This was my worst experience bying anything online.I placed order for cingular service twice and they didn't approve me despite of my excellent credit. Don't know why.I went to a local store they gave me razr free and activated the line in minutes. Amazon is worst for bying cellular services. Cingular wouldn't entertain any enquiry and amazon doesn't have any contact information.

Good phone, bigger than i expected but very thin.  Big screen and very functional.james M

Dont listen to these other people! They say that the battery lasts for a day and a half. Who cares! If you can spend $10 on an extra battery, then do it. I did i and i love it. This phone is the best one ever made!!Thanks for looking!

At first, I loved and everyone loved it just for the looks...  But after awhile, it gets old.  And I have minor problems here and there such as black out of the screen...  The rebate sucks, you have to wait two months to send the rebate form and after that you have to wait another two months to either get the rebate and not to mention that you have to really careful with their requriements...

Just recently I bought this phone. I received it 2 weeks from the date I order. Amazon did not ship until 9 days, though it says "usually ships in 24 hrs" . But it did not bother me though.The phone looks sleek and sexy. Everyone around me think it is coolest phone ever. I am getting compliments from all over.I did not have any problems, just opened the box, charged the phone, put in the SIM and with in a minute started talking.The phone menu is little confusing, but once you get used to it , you should be fine.I hate this menu within the menu options. Sometimes i dont notice these smmall menu icon display which indicates that there is one more level of menu to the existing item.. Grrr....As for as car charger and USB cable is concerned, dont waste your money. I bought a belkin car charger(47.99) and belkin mini B USB cable ($4.65) from walmart. Search for it in the Audio section of walmart.Will write again

While the look and size of the Motorola "Razor" phone seem very appealing, the phone itself has been a frustrating experience. I've been a cell phone subscriber and frequent since the days of GTE mobilnet, how I loved my Sony CMD500, I should really switch it back on if possible.The UI is terrible, everything you need is at least 3 keys away to get to a menu or directory, and takes forever to load.The phone freezes, has charging errors, drops calls, refuses to make outbound calls, echoes when talking, intermittently picks up other calls from other parties. In a nutshell, it works flawlessly about 20% of the time.I can't recommend this product to anyone other than Motorola's product development and QA team, they're clearly not finished with it.Currently, Cingular is offering me an upgraded phone to a different Motorola model, do I trust Motorola this time?

Yes, it is trendy and cool. I mainly upgraded to the razr because I live in a very rural area and had problems losing calls or having a very bad signal. I have had the phone over 1 month and have not dropped a call yet. In addition all of the pesky dead spots I experienced with my last phone are gone now too. I Love my razr and have been very happy with the quality.

Pros:- Dimensions - this phone is wider than your typical flip-phone, which makes it extremely convenient to use due to wider buttons and larger screen. When folded the RAZR is very slim and is very convenient to carry around with a belt clip.- Looks - unlike some other models out there, this phone actually looks and feels like it belongs in the 21st century. I especially like the black version.- Features - I'm not gonna list all the features here, Amazon already does that. But... I've had a v600 before the RAZR which had a lot of the same features but they were inconvenient to use mostly due to the aweful user interface. v600 was also very slow. This phone has a much improved user interface and is a lot faster. One of the things that used to bug me about the v600 is that you were only able to activate the speakerphone after the person you were calling answered the phone. With the RAZR, you can activate the speakerphone immediately after dialing. Motorola took care of a number of these annoying issues.Cons:- More features - I am getting greedy here but it would have been nice to have an MP3 player, a higher resolution camera, and a video camera.- Feels somewhat fragile- Dealer told me that I can't get insurance on the phone - that can be a problem when riding the NYC subways every day.Conclusion: I have no reservations about giving this phone 5 stars.

I live and work in the Las Vegas area and use this phone to go bookscouting. Even in some cell tower sparse areas of Nevada the download aspect seems to work well. I am not really using it as a phone but as a download device and it beats my old GE phone by a mile. It's also very sturdy in spite of its appearance. I can't really comment on the phone capabilities as I rarely use it for that - but for downloads it works like a dream.

BUY THIS PHONE WITH CINGULAR.  Especially DO NOT go with VERIZON.  (see Verizon RAZR reviews & especially read the 1 & 2 star ratings) Verizon is horrible.I've had T-Mobile, Sprint, AT&T;, Verizon, AND Cingular in the Connecticut area in the past three years.  Cingular is BY FAR THE BEST SO FAR & this RAZR is GREAT!  I love it.

It's important to note the difference between the phone that you have and the service you get. Both are important when it comes to thinking about your purchase.The Motorola RAZR phone was very hot just a few years ago, and has now fallen out of the spotlight to the chocolater, pearl, and upcoming Apple iPhone. In particular, the web/email features are quite lacking. That said, the v3 phone itself is a reliable and good device, that is super slim and perfect to be used when you need something small and handy. I have a blackberry as well, and use my RAZR whenever I head out for dinner and need a phone that I can slip into my pocket or jacket.Unfortunately, the same cannot be said about Cingular. In many places, particularly Northern and Southern California, Cingular has spotty coverage which causes you to drop your calls. Furthermore, customer service is polite but is most unhelpful, particularly compared to other service providers. I have spoken to many Cingular customer service reps and supervisors (an issue in itself), and while all have been very polite, they have never actually delivered on any of my requests. The Cingular coverage and service makes your RAZR phone unuseable, so much so that I was willing to pay the early termination fee to switch to a different provider.Bottom line, the RAZR is a fun and useful phone, just look to get it through a different service provider.

First and foremost what I look for in a cell phone is functionality. In that I mean its abilities to make and recieve calls.I've read that this Razr recieved the most sophisticated antenna ever put into a Moto phone. I believe that hands down. I rarely lose a signal and calls sound near perfect most of the time.The camera is good, not great, but good. Much, much better than my old Sanyo SCP-8100 (Sprint). The digital zoom works flawlessly and leaves no pixelation when zoomed (a common problem with dig. zooms) very clear. A friends Sanyo SCH-a670 leaves great pixelation when zoomed. Better software in the Moto I assume.Speaking of software I highly recommend the Moto Phone Tools 3.0! I bought this with my Razr because I knew I wanted to pimp my phone to the max. It works awesome! All those MP3 ringtones I use to Download for $3 a pop - gone. I make my own wallpapers and MP3 ringtones now. For free. Plus when you plug the phone to your USB port on your PC it also acts as a charger! Charging the battery as you load media onto your cell.The bluetooth works flawlessly as well. I bought the Motorola HS850 headset. The calls are crystal clear. You could answer and make calls while never opening your phone. The voice dialing works superbly on the Razr.This is a quad (4) band GSM world phone. You could go to Japan and use this thing.*EDIT* this phone STILL works awesomely. It has been handed down to another family member and then rehanded down to another family member. It continues to be a true Die-Hard! Like the Toyota of cell's - but without the sticky throttle thing. :PThis Razr could also be used as a modem to connect you laptop or desktop to the internet. Anywhere theres a GSM signal. A nice feature I thought. Especially for gadget freaks.The internal color screen is the best I've ever seen on a phone to this date. No kidding. Bright and vibrant. Some of my wallpapers seem to be 3-D.The phone is very thin and light. When opened it fits naturally to your face. Just the right size. Earpiece to ear, mouthpiece to mouth.Pro'sClear calls, great antenna.Good cameraWorld phoneCan store 1000+ phone numbersCan be used as a PC modemAwesome internal color screenBattery lifeBlutoothVery thin and lightVoice dialingMany customizable featuresConsNo expandable media slotNo video capability (Cingular) without hacking the phoneNo dedicated media buttons.All in all I'm thrilled with the phone. Next year Motorola is releasing a Razr V3x. 2 MP camera (external), video calls (with a seperate inner-hinge video cam, expandable media slot, List price @ $900. You should probably expect deals for $400 - $500 in the stores.

Great phone, but those kudos go to Motorola not Amazon.  The user interface is a bit tricky, especially if you are coming from a different brand like Nokia or Sony-Ericsson, which is the only reason it is getting 4 stars.  The thin profile is very nice to fit into pockets without looking bulky. It is also powerful in terms of signal - it beats all other cell phones that have trouble in my home area, where coverage is spotty.Warning about Amazon's "free" rebate, which is still being offered for this phone.  As instructed, after waiting until my second billing cycle (to ensure I hadn't returned the phone or cancelled service) I dutifully sent in the paperwork, albeit just before the postmark deadline.  It is now four months later and I have not received my rebate check.  There doesn't seem to be any way of getting help with this problem either.  So much for the free phone.

The Hype says:"Getting on the Internet is easy with the RAZR V3 as it supports Cingular's GSM-based Wireless Internet Express service. When used with a Cingular data plan and the phone's Bluetooth or USB data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and PDAs."I say:CACA! If you plan on connecting to the internet using this phone and bluetooth you had better get a mongo battery for your laptop because it's the slowest, laggiest, painfully irritating, useless piece of doggy doo that I have ever had the displeasure of using! You could run to Seattle and knock on Amazon's front door faster than connecting to the site.Update: 6/7/2006I tested the actual bandwidth and I connect at 39.1 kbps, that's slower than dialup with a 56k (53.3) modem. When connected to Cingular's GSM it says connected at 115.2 kbps when I connect via bluetooth and 230 kbps when I use the USB cable. Either way the actual speed is 39-41 kbps and I surely don't have the patience for that.One last annoying feature ... Cingular "brands" their phones so you can't download games to your phone or delete certain ringtones etc., as you can with other providers. There is also an annoying "HELLOMOTO" video/commercial that uses 25% of your available space for videos of your own. There is no way to delete this and recapture this waste of space. This truly is about the worst product I have ever purchased.

I purchased this phone and a cingular plan back in October 2005.(...)I have read other users complaints about Cingular's service and I have not found one instance where there was a problem. I got this phone for my wife aso and she loves the phone and the service as well. Anyone I have spoken to that has this phone is very pleased with the phone as well as Cingular's service.I have had cell phones since the days of the "brick phones" with service from Cingular, AT & T, and Cingular again with none of the problems others have had.Maybe it's because I am lucky or that the Chicago area is my calling area, but I can give Amazon, Cingular, and Motorola nothing but good reviews in (...), service and quality. I hope your experience goes as well as mine did.

I was going to buy this phone and deal, but the reviews and comments on Cingular are horrendous. Apparently, they've taken on so many customers (this is especially true in the North East) that there networks can't support all the callers during peak hours. Dropped calls, no reception, etc.So sad.

I have had two problems with the V3 and a friend of mine had 1 problem.1. It stopped working completely after I had it for 3 weeks. Then I waited a month to get a replacement.2. I backed up my phone book on to my computer a few times. The last time I was trying to copy pictures from the phone to the computer I lost the connection (using USB cable). I tried with another computer, but it seems the USB port (or modem) of the phone no longer works. I'm not looking forward to taking it to the service and waiting another month. On top of it, the warranty continues from the original date of purchase, not from the time of the replacement phone.3. My friend used her's with a Jaba bluetooth headset and the circuit board got fried. The phone had to be replaced. I've used mine with the same headset with no problem.In short, although I like the phone and it's features I am a fed up with the problems and would not encourage anyone to buy one.PS. The volume doesn't go up very high so if you have any hearing problems this phone is not for you.

Those who giving this phone bad reviews need to go to the user manual and read it.Its a very simple phone which looks great and have tons of extra that you will love, which the user manual shows you in detail and easy to follow long step by step. I brought this phone regardest of the bad rating I read about and its not true, and about it being fragile like anything else BE CAREFUL for a phone to be so thin it a little fragile, so if you like this phone and want it buy it you want regret it you will see...

I bought this phone because of its sleek and stylish design. PROS and CONS:CONS: 1. The phone feels fragile and gets smudged easily. I find myself wiping off oils and finger prints constantly. Due to it's price, I would recommend purchasing the extra warranty on the phone from Cingular due to the risk of damaging the phone. 2. I find that in speakerphone mode, the call is almost inaudible while driving on the highway. I wish it could be louder. 3. The menu is complicated. The contacts must be entered as one entry, which is annoying if you have more than one phone number for a contact. 4. The phone doesn't have a setting to disable the roaming function. 5. The phone makes a buzzing sound near electronic devices (TV, computer, radio, etc.).PROS: 1. I have a bluetooth enabled PDA and I can transfer pictures from the PDA to the phone (and vice versa). Perfect for sharing photos or using graphics for wallpaper or picture caller ID 2. Battery life is long. 3. Video function is not that great, but is nice. 4. Audio is also better than a Sanyo 8200. 5. The phone doesn't feel heavy inside the chest pocket. All in all, not a bad phone. This phone is high maintenance and I don't recommend it to someone who have no patience for it's complex menus or minor shortcomings.

I ordered a cell phone from Amazon, the Motorola V3. When I checked my account the next day, a weird message told me that I was not approved, and instructed me to cancel my order. I was puzzled, but did as directed. Later that day, I went and got a great deal on a free phone from my local membership warehouse store.Later in the day, I was checking my e-mail and found one from Amazon. It explains that sometimes cell phone approval is slow and included the following:"Until this is resolved, it is possible that the information in the"Your Account" section of the Amazon site will incorrectly indicate thatthis order requires your attention and may direct you to cancel - pleasedisregard this until we get more information."WHAT???!!!They tell me to cancel the order, knowing that this is incorrect???Well, I followed their screwy directions, and they lost an order and alot of goodwill on my part.Amazon has been successful, they must know what they are doing, but this kind of behavior makes you wonder...To new cell buyers, BEWARE the incorrect message.

i was going to buy ths cell phone but when i was about to pay i saw that cingular only offers a 2 year contract, and i really dont wanna be stuck 2 years with cingular, i was a a mall yesterday, and i went into a tmobile store and what did i see?a razr, the lady said it was released there yesterday, and now i log into t-mobile's home page and: yeah, you guessed it, its there.now im just gonna wait for it to be in amazon and buy it from here.the lady at the store also showed me the reception quality on my area, and its very good, i hope its better thatn cingular.

I love my new Razr phone that I purchased almost a month ago. The only negative that I have run into is that the battery holds it charge for too short a time. The phone needs to be charged daily. I have heard that Motorola has come out with a longer-life battery which should be made standard when the phone is purchased. Otherwise, this is the best phone I have ever owned.

i have just purchased the phone yesterday & it is supposed to arrive in 6 days...the phone looks great & is OK on features.the battery of motorola is a problem.I have used lots of motorola phones in my life, but only thing thats a major problem is battery.But, considering the looks of this piece or art.. i really wanted it.On the positive, i believe motorola phones can be customized a lot and have few small nitty gritty features that are very handy.Will post another post-usage RAZR review soon...!

I bought the phone as it was free with rebate and I needed a less expensive service than Virgin.  After purchasing it I went on Amazon to read the reviews and began to have second thoughts, well not any more.A lot of the complaints seemed to be from really fussy users who want perfection, e.g., like a phone that is ultra thin AND can position itself between your ear and shoulder without dropping...please..My review:The phone is light, compact but feels solid.  Unlike my old cell phone I barely notice it in my pants pocket.  The start up time was around 10-15 seconds, a little slow though signal strength was good.  Audio was alright, tested the speakerphone, no problems there.  Most cell phones could use more volume, this one was no exception.Keypad speed was good, no issues hitting the keys, the screen is very bright as well.  Ringer was loud enough (can you use different ring tones on this?) for my purposes.  The outside screen is visible except under strong direct sunlight, but what phone is under those conditions?Figuring out some of the functions was confusing (like speakerphone directs you to page 88 where there is no relevant information) but overall this phone is no harder to figure out than my old Audiovox 8610.  I haven't used the video or camera yet, those are just icing on the cake as I bought the phone to make/receive calls.The design/looks of the phone are the strongest point, the light up keypad is nice to use in the dark and the sleek brushed black aluminum body is very attractive.  I read some issues on durablity, time will tell but I will handle it with care.  Dropping phones seems to be the norm today and people don't expect any damage, doesn't seem quite fair, most other expensive equipment wouldn't fare so well.Overall I am very satisfied with the phone, it met my expectation curve.

Great product from what I can see so far, worst documentation that I've seen in a long time. In addition to entirely missing instructions on some important basics, there is a keyword problem in the English index. Was able to find some topics quicker in Spanish, which I do not speak, because the Spanish term was what one would expect the English to be. The index is just annoying, the missing instructions are hard to believe. A saving grace, however, is that phone support was excellent. Say "Agent" at the first opportunity to get past the lengthy recorded answers and speak to a human. In a few short minutes I had answers to how to delete an address in its entirety, how to transfer addresses from SIM to phone or the reverse, and at least the basics of how to work with speed dialing, which the manual does not cover. Have yet to figure out the 4-digit speed dial numbers that are assigned.The documentation is an annoyance, however, not a reason not to buy. It's an excellent phone with nice battery life and hands-free features. Couldn't find a listing that said it works with Macintosh iSync, but tried that with a G5 Bluetooth connection and it seems fine. Did show me that I need to clean up my Address Book entries on the computer first, however.Bob Hunt

I bought this phone thinking I was moving forward, but- It's clumsy to navigate.  Even simple tasks take several actions.- Impossible to 'touch-dial'.  There's no 'feel' to the keys.- It has a most annoying phone book memory, which I understand is common with all Motorola phones.  It stores only one phone number per entry.  So if "Ron" has a home phone, work phone, cell phone, etc.  I need three or four "Rons" in my directory.- I can't get to "Ron" by typing R_O - have to type "R" and then scroll down through all the "R's" until I get to Ron.Other Problems include:-Low earpiece volume-Very weak vibrate-Poor camera quality.-The "Flip" is a bit clumsy to do with one hand.Yes, it's cool looking, slim and light to carry.Now if only it was convenient to make a phone call.I miss my old Nokia.

The MOTO RAZR is a total let-down.  It's good enough to want but bad enough to throw across the room!You can experience the best things about this phone, just by handling it at your local cell phone store.  The hardware is beautiful and solid.  But those sample phones are usually dummies without an interface to try.  Buyer beware!  The interface is horrible!  Every single function of the phone is badly implemented.One shocking example:  One-touch dialing.The process to assign a one-touch shortcut to a contact actually requires assigning a contact to a number on the keypad.  Assigning a contact to a number already in use will ask if you want to replace the existing contact in that spot--choosing "Yes" to replace the contact actually DELETES the old contact from the phonebook!!!  That's right, assigning a one-touch shortcut to a contact can be DATA-DESTRUCTIVE.I wish this were an isolated case of a broken feature, but the user interface is riddled with these sorts of bugs.  Even the little things are broken, like the beeps the phone makes when you scroll through the phonebook (usually the first beep is cut off mid-beep, and the beep tone is different depending on how long you hold the scroll button.)If you're still considering buying this thing, let me mention a few hardware shortcomings too:- The flat keypad makes it impossible to dial by feel, because there isn't enough space between the keys.- Speakerphone reproduces ringtones well, but makes voices all but incomprehensible.- In-phone speaker placement makes it hard to hear the call unless the phone is positioned perfectly next to your ear.- It's nearly impossible to hold this phone in the crook of your neck, a.k.a., the "poor man's hands-free" technique.(...).  I got an old Sony-Ericsson T616 for free to replace it, and the T616 has been a breeze to use compared to the RAZR.

this is probably one of the sleekest phones out there. only one problem the battery life is horrible, dies in about one day. and there arnt much apps. but who cares the phone looks hot! (the black one that is, not the silver)

I've had this phone for over a week now, and it is the best thing I have ever bought. I loved my old phone, but this one blows it totally out of the water. I love the Bluetooth functionality, a godsend when you are trying to talk to clients while out of the office. I've had no dropped calls and the volume both ways is very good. Overall, it had everything I was looking for in a cell phone and a few things that I didn't think I needed but find out I couldn't live without. Do yourself a favor, if you are in the market for a new phone then give this one a test drive. You also have two choices in carriers now, but can only get Black through Cingular. So, check it out and you will not be disappointed.

10 years into the cell phone revolution the phones have gotten smaller, lighter with great features but what's the point when you can't carry on a conversation? I have found Cingular to be by far the worst in terms of dropped calls in the SF Bay Area. I suffered thru AT&T and their conversion to GSM and Cingular is not any better than that service no matter what they promise. Cingular also has very consumer unfriendly 2 yr. contracts that you will be paying on long after that shiny phone has lost its lustre. They are constantly changing their rollover minute plans to screw you out of your minutes. When i downgraded from a higher national plan to a lower national plan they took away all the minutes I aquired in a year. In other words maximize the revenue - minimize the service is their motto.  I could live with this if i could make a decent phone call - i can't believe there are so many dead areas in a place with 13 million people.

The honeymoon's over. I've gone through 2 razrs; I'm done.I loved the razr. Got the mobile phone tools, set up the bluetooth, threw some great clips from my mp3s for ringers, took lots of pics, so on. It's sleek, it's modern, and friends were envious.2 weeks ago I called Cingular Warranty services to arrange for the replacement of the SECOND razr that went kaput on me. They replaced the first because it lost any and all reception (which was pretty miserable in the first place). This time, the fancy metal template of buttons got stuck, specifically on the number 8, rendering the phone pretty useless. I happily shipped the possessed phone away. I thought it harmless to ask if I could have another phone to replace this. I was offered the Nokia 6682 (free replacement. I've been VERY satisfied with Cingular's service, having once been a Verizon customer, but that's a whole other review). I'm much much happier and wouldn't try another razr. Like another reviewer writes, there are other similar (better!) razr-like phones coming out.Do a little research and wait it out is my suggestion if you need something this slim. I wouldn't suggest this phone to anyone I liked. The novelty will wear out, and you'll have a phone favoring form much more over function. I'd like to think that most have had a better experience; this is just one of a frustrated once-razr owner. Cheers!

I switched from Verizon Wireless to Cingular about a month ago. The service between the two is about the same (both are very good). Verizon has some great phones and ive had about 5 from them but none of them are as good as the Razr. People say it breaks easily but i have had no problems whatsoever. The battery life is great with mine, i charge it once every 3-4 days and that is with a good amount of usage. It can do a lot of things but if you are looking for a computer in a phone buy a pda. As far as phones go  this is the best looking on the market. Another beef i have with other reviews is people saying the camera sucks. I have had the LG-VX 8100 which is Verizons top phone and the Razr's camera is WAYYYYY better than the LG's. You cant expect amazing quality out of a camera that is in a phone, thats why its not a camera its a phone. Its the best out of any of my friends and relatives and they all have some pretty nice phones. I would highly reccomend this phone to all. If you are skeptical get the insurance for 4 bucks a month. YES cingular gives insurance on this phone. GO GET ONE IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT IT!

I think th Motorola RAZOR is the best phone you cant go wrong with the Razor. The razor is small, very thin and a very sharp phone.Matt M.

I would definitely say that this phone is one of the best looking phone out there. But the Cingular Motorola RAZR black that i got a couple of months ago. Started making the buzzing sound on the LCD (high pitched buzzing) and some low buzzing sound on the keypad. I checked all my family's razr and some friends and THEY ALL HAVE the same buzzing sound if you listen closely, goodthing is that it would went away if your on a call, but if it stand by mode and you pressed the keypad, you can hear the sound that im talking about. go to a pretty quiet place to check this issues. Pretty bad. i had to go 4 times replacement in 2 weeks and it still buzzing on lcd and keypad. well i got no choice but buy a different  phone. i'm not sure if this a software issue or just the phone itself. anyone have the same problem?? YOU ARE NOT ALONE!! Cingular should do a recall this phone. But anything else i give them props for the style and functions of it. Its just the buzzing sound threw me off completely. Im pretty meticulous on the phone so if your not bothered by the buzzing sound, good for you. I would not be a hypocrite, i gotta be honest, no matter how i hate this phone, i love this phone just for the fact that its design is flawless and striking nothing else.

If you drop this phone from even the slightest distance off the ground, it will BREAK. I dropped mine from a desk chair to the floor (approx. 2 feet), it hardly bumped the ground, and the phone is kaput. Unless you are the most unusually careful person in the world, do not buy this phone. It is not worth the hassle of replacement.

I prefer to use my bluetooth headset to get sufficient earpiece volume.  They need to add one or two notches more volume to the built-in earpiece to make it perfect.

Thin, agile, definetly the coolest looking phone available right now.I personally can't wait for the Apple/Motorola iPhone with iTunes music store integration. It is rumored Cingular has already made a deal to carry the phone. Once available, I will be getting myself one of those and pass the RAZR onto my gf.

The Motorola RAZR V3 has its own advantages and disadvantages.  The sleek design and loud speaker phone are just some of the many things that attract people to the RAZR.  Having no antenna also adds to the RAZR's sleek design.  The camera also has 4x zoom capabilities, and can shoot video.  People's main calling to the RAZR is its Bluetooth compatibility.  Several of the draw backs to the RAZR are that the buttons on the phone easily get dirty and constantly need to be cleaned off.  When the buttons get dirty it also makes texting or even dialing a number difficult because the buttons get sticky and don't like to cooperate when you push them.  The screen is poorly designed mainly when you are in sunlight it is extremely difficult to see, especially when you have dust particles gathering behind the screen (which according to a Cingular employee, only seems to happen to RAZR's).  The RAZR also has no MP3 player, which is also very popular on the cell phone market.  The RAZR's camera is .3 MP, and only seems to take decent pictures if the lighting is absolutely perfect.  If the lighting is just ok, your pictures won't turn out very well.  This is a major downside for me because I constantly am taking pictures of me with my friends, family, and other random things I come across.  The online features of the RAZR, don't get me wrong, are great, but is so incredibly slow.  It's awesome to be able to check how many minutes and texts you have left, and also be able to buy ring tones and backgrounds, but it seems to take 15 minutes just to check your remaining minutes.In all, the RAZR is the perfect phone for you if you want to look like a movie star when ever you're on the phone.  But if you want a phone with much better picture taking capabilities, a better screen design, an MP3 player, and much faster online streaming, check out the Samsung SGH-ZX10.

The motorola Razr is Extremely functional and is one of the best phone on the market. It gets excellant Reception and it is stylish. It is small and it has an excellant Screen. The camera is excellant quality and the battery life is long lasting. With the drop in price it is definately worth the buy.

Great looking phone but just by starting playing with it I already see some features I expected to have are not there.1 If you like to keep different #s for the same person and categorize them by type (cell/home/bussiness) this phone does not do that. It displays the same name of the person multiple times. To me this is really annoying. I don't want to see the same name several time in my phone book. I want to go to details and select the # I want for the person2 I don't see a way to assign different tones to different group of people. I like my old phone because I knew who was calling when it rang without even looking at the caller id.I hope these features can be added through the firmware upgrade

I bought this phone from a Cingular Store. The phone is slim and sleek and the camera phone is pretty good I must say but there are some things that drive me crazy, so much so I am returning the phone.1) I'm 23 and can barely hear sometimes on it.2) If you're anywhere with a lot of light, the phone's backlight doesn't illuminate bright enough to be able to see ANYTHING on the screen. My friends Motorolla phone does not have that problem.3) I was walking in a VERY light sprinkle and it damaged the phone. Granted, water damages phones, but I've been in strong rainstorms with past phones with no problem.4) The screen and keyes are shiney and get dirty VERY easily. I spend most of my time cleaning it.5) Scrolling through things takes forever as the phone will be behind every click you make.Just a few thoughts I wish I had. By the way, don't waste your time in the mall or cingular stores buying equipment. The deal is online, not in the store. I learned the hard way.

I should have done some research, I bought online at the spur of the moment.  It's a great looking phone, but let's start with the outside LCD screen.  You cannot keep it clean, every time you turn around, you'll find your wiping off the screen either on your clothes, or with the mini screen cleaner they provide with the phone.  But more importantly, you can't ask the LCD to stay lighted, it shuts off after a few seconds.  Sometimes, at night, it is nice to see it lighted, and my last Sanyo phone let me do that.  I'm also having troubles connecting to web pages.  I had made my own web page with my favorite links that I set as my home page on Sanyo phone for Sprint, but this phone will not open it, as well as many other pages not accessed through the Cingular menus.  I don't know if the browser is more limited, or what.  Then I paid another $40 for the 3rd party software that supposively lets you connect to your phone to manage the address book, and multi media functions.  This product worked until it did a live update (a day later), now no matter what I do, uninstall, reinstall, un-update, it will not work with my phone.  The software vendor told me it was a problem with the phone........  SO, if I had it to do again, I think I'd do my comparison shopping.

Okay, it does look cool. And yes, you will be the envy of any person with eyes. I have not had any problems with my phone. Don't listen to those nay-sayers who will tell you it sucks. Yes, there is a buzzing sometimes when you make a call, but that is not the phone. Any experienced cell phone user knows that is the result of poor reception, your carrier's fault. It's not a big deal at all, make sure you have a bar or two and make a phone call. My only complaint is that the speaker can be a bit quiet when you are making calls. But its not a big deal, that means you can't be playing Metallica at 50 decibels and talking on the phone at the same time. Seriously, the battery life is great, I have Cingular and the service is good, this phone owns, or pwns, all other phones. Get it. Love it. Make everyone else want it.

My partner and I got these phones because they're the "it" phone around L.A. right now.The reception is the worst - for anyone who lives in L.A., I don't get reception on the corner of Ventura Blvd and Balboa.  For those of you who aren't in L.A., please understand that that is the HEART of the "Valley" and there's no reason why ANY phone shouldn't get perfect reception in that area.  Plus, my other friends with Cingular have reception in these areas.The phone has the lowest volume of any phone I've ever had - Nokia's always been the worst, until now.  I can't hear the person on the other end when driving on the freeway - and I don't drive a convertible, I drive a quiet luxury car.The menu programming is an abyss of confusion, and the phone's camera is crap.  Sprint's Sanyo PM 8200 has the best camera phone I've seen yet - until my shiny new Sony Ericsson S710a comes in tonight.My best advice - forego style and stick with substance.  The Sony is a world's better phone and worth the extra cost.Mahalo!

Yes, thats true.  I had over 7 different phones and almost every service provider but the RAZR phone is the best.  It looks and works great.  The Graphics are awesome.  The service is good too,even in the basement.  Not only the phone is stylish and the best thing on the market but it is also very comfprtable to cary, it doesnt get in your way when you put it in your pocket and it doesnt take alot of room in the purse.  The camera also takes very good pictures.  I like the flat bottoms, something different.  Its amazing how the phone is free after the rebate.  If i was you, i would not think about buying the phone or not, i would just get it and see it for yourself what it has to offer.

Love the size.  Can't beat the price.  Reception certainly much better than my Nextel phone.  Interface isn't exactly what I'd call great. You have to press a lot of buttons to check email for example.  Address book doesn't stack a persons phone numbers under their name.  You'll have one line item for each number (i.e. cell, home, work etc). My biggest complaint is it is not loud enough.  Even with volume at max you will struggle to hear people while driving in traffic or at an airport.

I read some comments that say that the volume level is low, that the lights go out, and other things... You know what, that's a good reason to have a usb cable and some software and knowledge. If you want to raise the volume level and make the lights almos t permanents a lot more stuffs just search the web and you'll find solutions for you problems. Get Info!!!! The only thing is that it's slower than other cell phones, but dude, "It looks great"!!!

This is the worst, most over priced cell phone I've owned in the last almost 10 years! My last phone was the Nokia 6820 and is much nicer the this crap. The only benifit I've gotten from this phone is a slightly nicer camera phone, which is kinda irrelivant seeing as I have a 6.2 MP digital. My Nokia is more durable, has better menus, longer battery life, etc. I hate the Razr V3!

Hi,Watch out for the "rebate" claims.  I bought a cingular phone in May '05, submitted the paperwork in accordance with the instructions, and here it is Oct '05 and I've still not seen any rebate check.  As far as the razr phone, I dont have one, a friend does, and it's really nice.  Just dont count on getting it for free!

I hate this phone...I was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  I had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so I could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. The display is impossible to see outside in bright light, I detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. I just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, I was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that I purchased.

I never seen people so picky about a phone, I would hate to see these peoples spouses.  I just bought the black razr, I really enjoy carrying it around in my pocket and not feeling a bulge.  I like the camera, because I didnt buy it to be a camera, I bought it to be a cell phone...and on that level it works great, love the loud speaker phone, the big easy-to-see screen, and the great look.  So yes the main reason that I bought it, not to complete my existence, but to make calls works great! How about that-what a novel concept-to buy a cell phone for its calling ability not for its stupid add ons!

Let me start by saying this: i read every review for the razr on amazon.com.  I am a kid, 15 years old, so my ideas may be different than an adult's.  If you have looked at them, you see they most definatly vary.  This phone is based on personal opinion.Specifics:-The screen is great, but not very visable outside-Battery life is OK, if your not doing anything.  If you use the camera quite a bit, charging it every night is almost a must.-Many people complain about the menu, and how AIM is right on the main screen.  The order of the main menu and the main screen can all be changed with ease.-FINGERPRINTS, very annoying, but cleans with any fabric easily.-i have only had it for about 2 weeks, and the outside screen kind of feels like it may fall off, but nothing so far.-the hinges are already showing wear, but nothing major.-it takes some getting used to, the buttons on the side are usefuloverall, i do like this phone.  It is user friendly, and you just have to customize it for your specific needs.  It is made for anyone, and everyone.Buy it, you'll love it.  Trust me.

If you need to hear your calls or want decent reception (at least in Downtown NYC), I would pass on this phone.  Sure it looks swell, but even at the highest volume position, callers are barely audible above common street noises.  I can't fathom why Motorola hasn't fixed this serious design flaw.I've also found that reception on this phone is much worse than on my older, less fancy Motorola.  Callers immediately noticed the poor reception when I "upgraded" phones, even though I didn't preface the conversation by telling them I was using a new phone.Appearance matters, but not when the basics aren't met.

I have had this phone for less than 24 hours. I already find it to be a waste of money, and absurdly 1995-like in its menus. I give it two stars for its looks but I will be returning it within the 30-day exchange period. I have always used NOKIA phones and will almost certainly get another one -- NOKIA's interface and functions are vastly superior. Very briefly, here are the RAZR's major bad points:1. Bluetooth requires SIX!!! menu steps EVERY TIME you want to turn  it on, and you have to turn it on often because it powers off on its own in all sorts of cirucmstances. The most egregious example is that unless the phone is plugged into the travel charger in your car, the phone's Bluetooth power shuts down WHENEVER THE BLUETOOTH HEADSET IS CLOSED. What this means is that if the phone rings and your Bluetooth headset is in your pocket, you cannot simply open the headset, put it on your ear, and answer the call. You must FIRST power on the phone's Bluetooth with SIX steps before you can open the headset to answer the call (or you have to run to your car, start it, plug in the travel charger, and then turn on the phone's Bluetooth power). In other words, you will not be able to use your headset to answer a call that comes in when your Bluetooth headset is closed. On this shortcoming alone, this phone is not worth 10 cents in 2006. I have used Bluetooth constantly with my NOKIA for two years, so I know the difference. (Cingular forced me to retire my old qwerty ATT Wireless Nokia before they would let me add a third line for my dad).2. "One-touch" Speed dial -- I still cannot figure it out. It's not explained in the manual. Apparently you have to save the numbers from your SIM card to your phone. Or not -- the manual doesn't say and the entire thing is buried in menus where you would never think to find it, so I haven't. I did a Google search for the instructions and I still can't find out how to do it. That's how I wound up here. You can press a one-touch number and see the phone tell you, for example, "Speed No.2 Empty," but there is NOTHING to tell you how to assign the number.3. The camera is a fraction of the quality of the 1.3 megapixels my wife has on her far more intuitive and simpler LG.4. The manual is just awful vs. NOKIA and LG manuals. The English-language portion ends with a "Feature Quick Reference" section that "helps you locate and use additional phone features that are not described in detail in this guide." This Feature Quick Reference section is EIGHTEEN PAGES LONG, i.e., 18 pages of features with at most three lines of explanation.It's a good looking phone, yes, but it's more like a stage prop than a functional piece of technology. It is shocking that this is the world's most popular phone, because from the technology perspective its critical functions are obsolete or lacking. I would NOT try this phone unless you have the option of exchanging it back for another model if you don't like it, because if you use Bluetooth, the camera, or one-touch dialing, you probably won't.

Review is not specifically for the phone but Cingular... All Cingular is bothered about is their money.Cingular has the worst netwrok ever..Pros of Cingular:500 rolloverCons:Customer Service (Worst Ever)No way to track actual minutes used thought they have something known as *646#Takes 90 days to get actual minutes. They say they are doing me a favor by telling me how many minutes i use!!!!!!!!!!!!Can't change ur phone number if u shift to some other state not in their billing cycle. (Please explain me this)Everything other than that.....the worst though is Cingular customer serivce.. no one out there knows what ther are doing. You just keep getting transferred to 10 people and no one actually helps u. They have weird rules.. They cant keep track of our minutes if you go on vacation to a different state in US. Apparently billing cycle is diff.. or whatever that means. They tell after 90 days exactly how many minutes u used 90 days back.. absolutely ridiculous.NEVER EVER BUY CINGULAR.. and EVEN IF U DO DON'T GO FOR FAMILY PLAN. THEY HAVE A LOT OF HIDDEN THINGS.. [...] Tmobile my previous service provider were 100 times better in all terms....

The phone looks good and has a great design. Here are the negatives. It falls short on features that other cheaper phones has to offer. Navigating the software is slow. I don't understand why a company like Motorola didn't include numbering the selection features so navigating is faster and easier. You always have to scroll for the selection features you want. This is very annoying. The Razor has a big screen, but all the feature selections text is small. Only when you dial a phone number is the text easy to read. The wallpaper is in both the exterior and the interior. You can't have two separate wallpaper. The wallpaper is tinted when you make feature selections in the background making it very hard to view the text. This is the most annoying. Only when you select no wallpaper on both the exterior and the interior can you view the text and the external clock better. The camera phone could be better. My other cheaper phone took better pictures. And when you are talking on the phone and you need to give someone a phone number from your cell phone book, you can't.Here are the positives: The ring tones are loud and not distorted. The speaker phone sounds good. The calendar works great. You can reorder the feature selections. I like the key pad. The alarm clock feature is excellent as you can set more than one with different ring tones. The alarm and calendar also work when you turn off the phone. I discovered this one afternoon at a movie theatre. I tuned off my cell phone out of respect for my fellow movies goers and, RING! RING! RING! The alarm came on right in the middle of the movie.Despite its short comings, I'll live with it until a better phone comes along.

Great phone, lives up to the hype.  My own issues so far :- Address Book Names - no sort-by-last-name.I sync my address book via Bluetooth and iSync (MaxOS X).  Motorola only supports a single name field ... so you cannot sort your address by "Last, First"  I'd looking for a work around/hack.- Volume is a bit low on the headset, unfortunally I think this is a new trend in audio devices due to hearing loss lawsuits.

Just got a black and pink version for my wife and I.  Overall we are both pleased.  As far as the buzzing that's been mentioned, it is very light, and it goes away when you talk, so unless you hold the phone directly next to your ear when you're not talking, I don't see how it's a problem.I agree that he speaker volume being a little low, but it has a great speaker phone to compensate.  The camera isn't perfect, but its only a VGA, so you shouldn't expect professional quality.  It is useful for adding photos to your phonebook and sharing pics with other users.The large screen is great, and I didn't find it any more difficult to navigate the functions than my old Sanyo.  In fact, I found that there were more ways to personalize the controls on my V3, so that I could get around the features quickly.

I don't know speak english, i live in Venezuela, i lke know if this phone is compatible with technolgy GSM (Digitel TIM) can i use this phome in venezuela? thanks fo your help and sorry gramaticals error

...i was starstruck by you as i continued my quest for a new phone. there you were, a shimmering artifact of technological revolution. i adored you. i needed you. you fulfilled so very many of my childhood aspirations, especially my dream of becoming a rogue international spy. but alas, now i hate your guts.as i type this, i'm actually wondering if you're alright, as i just threw you across the room. why don't you ever charge correctly? what, exactly, does 'unable to charge' entail? why do you die even when you are being fed by your umbilical cord of electricity? and why, sweet love of mine, why is it that you decide that receiving my calls is something to do only on your whimsy? don't you understand the frustration you cause me by not only refusing to RING when my friends CALL me, but not even alerting me that i have new messages?? why do i even have you? your camera does come in handy, i'll admit, but your pictures are of poor quality, and just aren't worth the effort anymore. what's wrong with you!? our love clearly cannot work. i'm sorry, but i'm leaving you for my old sony ericsson, whom i still love dearly. i hope someday you can forgive me, but i just cannot live like this any longer.

I personally think the Black Edition RAZR phone looks really cool, better than the regular silver version.  The phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin... but, really, it just looks so cool -- and you'll differentiate yourself from The Crowd.The phone is very capable and packed with features.  Unlike some high-end Moto phones from a year or two back, this one works very well and has a decent interface.  Everyone I know who has this phone simply loves it.[...]

I just got one of these, and my impression so far is a positive one. Since there are already numerous reviews on what's good about it, so I will focus on what I didn't like...The phone advertises that it can be charged via USB. This, however, cannot be done unless you purchase a USB cable and their phone tools software separately ($30 for the latter). Also, the "custom wallpaper" and "MP3 ringtones" are also misleading. Either you purchase their Mobile PhoneTools software, or the only way to get "custom" wallpapers and ringtones is to pay individually for each one.The user interface is also terrible. It looks pretty (colorful backgrounds and icons), but it is not especially functional. The menus are all slow to respond (upwards of a quarter-second delay after every key press), and with the default settings, you spend more time fumbling through the oversized icons than actually performing the desired tasks. The phone book is especially awful. Rather than adopting a heirarchial phone book system, they keep it flat (ie. one entry per number). There are some workarounds to this, but even then, they lack the simple yet efficient system adopted by Nokia, Sony Ericsson, Samsung, and others.Finally, the memory... all whopping 5MB of it. There's about 1MB of crappy animated backgrounds and unwanted ringtones that you cannot delete as well, and no room for expansion memory (eg. flash memory devices). With flash memory at less than $20 for 256MB, I don't understand why Motorola would only put 5MB in their high-end phone (originally listed at $500+). Between the camera, custom wallpapers and ringtones (if you shell out the cash for them), and other media, that 5MB is really inadequate.

Be careful...I purchased the Razr in October 2005, and I still haven't got my rebate back. Eventhough, I had done everything correctly and never changed the contract which I had initally signed for, I got a reply from Amazon saying that the contract has been changed and therefore the rebate cannot be given. I have complete proof that the contract has not been changed, which I send back to them. But no response till now. Guess, I will have to speak to my lawyer now.

Possibly the worst cellular phone I have used.  Flimsy, poor quality and absolutely the worst sound of any cell phone.  Went back to the V551 also by Motorola which has the best sound quality.  Considering the original cost of $199, shame on you Motorola for putting that "CASH COW" on the market before you tested it.M. P. F. / Oklahoma

Battery life is very very poor. does not hold even one day ! are there different kind of batteries with the original supply pack,if so surprised .

This phone is awsome.. i have had nothing go wrong with this phone.. it has great reception, great pictures.. and it event takes videos.. which can make the moment even funnier. I deff. suggest buying this phone. It is worth the money no doubt.

its cool. don't care for the thickness. the sounds are lame. nice black finish. the camera BLOWS. the sound is OK. JUST OK.

When the razr first came out a few years ago, I was among the first to get one. I was easily drawn in by its sleek and stylish look. However, this phone was extremely below the standards of what I expected.First off, the buttons are horrible. It takes longer than it takes me on other phones to send a text message. Second, the battery life is ridiculously bad. I would talk on this phone for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and I wouldn't have any battery left. As opposed to my Nokia, where I can talk for a good 4-5 hours without any problems. Also, the reception is really bad. I'd always have people complaining about how they couldn't hear me or that they were hearing static, even though the phone showed I had reception. Most of all, the phone is flimsy and cheaply built. AND, when you take pictures with the camera and then go back to look at the picture, it comes out blurred at times.Something else that annoyed me: when I was on a phone call and the call waiting came on, I'd click over to talk to the person who was calling. But when I would click back to talk to the first person I was talking to, the phone would hang out. NOT COOL, especially if you're on an important phone call. The list of what I don't like about this phone is endless but to sit here and wrack my brain and try to think of what else I hate about this phone would just be too time-consuming.I would NOT recommend this phone. I am seriously not impressed with this flimsy piece of junk. Save your money and save yourself the heartache, and invest your time in another phone.

I just purchased this phone from Amazon and absolutely love it.  Obviously the top feature is the appearance.  It just screams WOW.  The Amazon rebate was a big sell for me and can trust Amazon in honoring the rebate.This review is primarily a response to Dong Sung Huh's review from 8/22.  Do not...I repeat....DO NOT!!!...purchase this phone through Buy.com.  Although Buy.com is a fairly reputable online merchant, their cellular phone sales are handled through Inphonic.  The Inphonic rebates are essentially a scam and I have heard nothing but horror story after horror story about dealings with them.  Currently Buy.com offers the RAZR black for $250 with an offer of 2 $125 rebates plus a free bluetooth headset.  Don't get trapped into this.  You will have nothing but problems getting them to honor the rebates.  In addition, I have heard several problems with people not receiving their headsets.  Just not worth the hassle IMHO.  I am not employed by Amazon.  I'm just a fellow consumer trying to protect your interests.For a perfect example of problems dealing with Buy.com for this phone, please see this cNET posting.[...]

Don't buy this item from Amazon. They charge $100 extra. Buy the item directly from Cingular for $149.99 or less.

This is the best phone that I have ever owned. I purchased my phone through Amazon.com. The service is excellent. The phone arrived within a week of purchase. The customer service for Amazon was a great help for any question that I had. The bluetooth enables you to upload pictures or music files to the phone from your computer. The phone is compact and fits in my pocket. The features on the phone are great. The only thing that I can think that is a negative is that the battery life doesn't last as long as I expected. I use my phone a lot for work and the battery only lasts about 12 hours. The bluetooth uses a lot of battery as well. I am planning on buying the motorola cd rom so I can sync my phonebook and date book with my computer as well as my Ipaq. Thanks Amazon!

Do NOT buy this phone.  I got this phone free with activation and, based on the largely positive reviews, thought it was a good deal because it was a good phone.WRONG!Dropped calls is what the RAZR specializes in.  The two phones I owned previously were Nokia's and I NEVER experienced a dropped call.  Not even once.  But with the RAZR, it's routine.  The first time it happened, I thought my face had brushed against the buttons on the keypad -- at least that's what I tried to convince myself in hopes I hadn't made a mistake.A lesser issue and easy enough to live with if not for the dropped calls is how nasty the phone gets, particularly the screen.  This happens by simply using it.  I guess we humans are a dirty bunch, with our oily skin... amazing how the RAZR picks up every ounce of it, as witnessed by the always-smudged surfaces of the phone and screen.  Yuck.  I thought it was just me needing a good shower, but my girlfriend noticed this with her RAZR, too.Despite all the glowing reviews here, I CANNOT recommend this phone under any circumstance.  Maybe it's the design of the flip-phone that's the problem?  I can only recommend the non-flip Nokia's that I have previously used.Stay away from the RAZR if you fear dropped calls.  What if you're dealing with an emergency and the phone drops?  It really is a major issue.

I almost let all the negative reviews dissuade me from even trying this phone, when I needed to upgrade from my Nokia 6310i (it had terrible reception, and I assumed it was Cingular's network).I upgraded to the Razr, and have 5/5 bars in the same areas the Nokia had 1or2 out of 7! (far north side of Austin, TX)Navigating the menu is extremely intuitive, even after years of using Nokia (I can only guess reviewers who complain about Motorola's menus have received a sharp blow to the head; it's almost the same).My only two complaints have been noted by others:--display is unusually dim outdoors,--the 640x480 camera sucks.But I wouldn't let those stop me from trying the Razr. (NOTE: epinions.com has only one negative review of the Razr)

It appears you do not want me to post my horrible experience with the rebate.  I just want to caution other that you have a problem with itl  Beware

This phone is way overrated.  I like the size but that is about all I like about it.  The speaker volume is way too low.  It can hardly be heard when driving down the road without pressing it into your ear very hard.  Just not what I expected.  Buy something else.

took more then 3 weeks for amazon to get the phone to me,I like the phone, but what is the software that you guys below me are talking about?mine didn't come with no softwares.. and also my screen looks kind of "glaring"and when I look at the right side of the screen on the right, it is completely dark, and when I look at the far left side of the screen on the left... it is totally bright... is there a problem with my phone? or what?

My previous one phone was a motorola v600, the screen was very small and of bad definition and the phone was a little bit slow .  Now with the new one motorola razr v3, all those defects of the previous model remained exceeded.

The reason I bought this phone from Amazon was for the $150 rebate. I waited a week to get my new phone and I do really like it except I find myself constantly having to clean my fingerprints and smudges off the screens. The problem is that I wanted to take my Sprint number with me. I looked up the information and to my complete dismay, Amazon, currently does not have a relationship with Cingular to deal with number portability. They have an agreement with every single other mobile phone company they sell plans and products for. So basically you are instructed to contact Cingular to cancel your order and re-order with them but by doing that you are becoming ineligible to receive Amazon rebates, ie the whole reason I bought the phone from Amazon. It is my right to be able to take my number with me and I feel ripped off that it will cost me $150 to do so.

We purchased two black Razrs yesterday.  So far, it is the best phone that we have ever owned.  It has crystal clear reception, and we have not dropped any calls even in places our previous phones would drop calls.  While we have not found all of its capabilities, every new discovery of a new feature shows us how well the phone is designed.The best part is when someone sees the phone when one of us uses it and says "what a cool phone"!

I own a razr, I rate it at 4 stars becuase it's major flaw is that it's too quiet. The sounds are loud, the speakerphone is loud, but the speaker in normal talk mode is very quiet and impossible to hear in a semi loud room. This is my major complaint, but I've had it on every cell phone I've ever used. The battery life so far is good, the build quality is good. It does pick up smudges easily.What I want to say is take these reviews on this site as what they are; reviews from random people who may or may not know what they are talking about. I'd confer with a friend that you know that has one or check reviews all over the internet, don't base your opinions on just the reviews on this site becuase alot of these reviews the people either don't know what they were talking about, didn't read tha manual, or were angry becuase they are upset at cingular, which isn't in the scope of this review anyway, it's about the razr.

I had the RAZR (pink) for 2 days and the phone started a low pitched buzzing noise whenever it was on. I got a replacement and the 2nd phone started buzzing after another day. The salesperson said they have had problems with this phone and thought they (Cingular)had returned all the problem phones. Guess not. Now I have to exchange this one too. What a hassle. One the bright side, it has very long battery life and pretty sleek looking.

This phone showed in stock from amazon so i renewed my contract with cingular and had to wait 1 week before they told me they were out of stock.  then said i could have free overnight shipping (but thats only when they get it in stock) and a $5 online dicount because of the wait.  unfortunately i couldnt wait so i cancelled and ordered the silver razr.they took away the free overnight shipping and my (huge) $5 discount.  I had to pay for the overnight delivery and still wai two days cause 12:00 noon doesnt count tward a shipping day.The silver is a great phone in m opinion.  If you want to trust amazon's online availablility then i say try for the black.  i cant mention how badly dissapointed i was that i had to cancel and rebill and settle for the silver because of amazon's poo customer service.  Couldn't even tell me when it would be in stock.  They said sometime between 1-2 weeks for sure.Great phone poor cust service....i give the phone a 5 star rating......but amazon a negative if it were possible.

I really love this phone! It works remarkably well! Sound is perfect (except when I have a bad signal - no fault of the phone!) It will endure countless falls - someting I really love. The camera works almost like any expensive digital camera. It is a great package in a phone.

I love this phone, its thin and really easy to use.

I have to admit when I first used my husbands razr I didn't like it much at all. But after a few times it grew  on me and I love it more snd more. it is easy to use and it takes up very liitle space, and although it is small the read out is big and easy to read.

This is the very lastest in technology that money can buy, it' got everything.From a camera to organizing all your dates and events, this phone is great for those on the go people, with not very much time, but lots of things to do.There was one thing i did'nt like about this phone though.It's a flip phone, which normaly is quite stylish, but when you open this one out it's really big, really thing, but really long, making it look sometimes old fasioned to me.Other than that this is a great product.A cool querky desing makes it ultra desirable to the professional end of the market.Overall, i really enjoyed this phone.Well built, well desinged, and most of all, stylish.Really, it's quite something.Sam Worrall rating:4 stars.Motorals best product in a long time.

The Motorola RAZR V3 is worst cell phone I have ever had.  The only nice feature is the camera and there are a lot of other cell phones with better features that have cameras too.  Also beware of the so-called rebate.  If you don't mind jumping through 50 million hoops to get it, well go for it but if your time is money, run from this rebate and this phone.  5 co-workers in my office thought we would take advantage of this offer and what we thought would be a cool, hip cell phone.  How wrong we all were.  Cingular is fine.  They have their issues like all the cell companies now for customer service but it is the phone itself & the rebate program that was an issue for ALL 6 of us.  3 people had problems with the buttons on the phone and had to send them back before they even got their rebates.  The acutual rebate thats up to 4 months to receive and that is only if you have correctly jumped through all of the hoops.  One mistake and you are screwed out of the $150 rebate.Another problem with the phone and it's limited features is that other than the initial tone that you have a message there is no way to know that you have a message waiting unless you pick up the phone and look.  All my older model cell phones featured a tone and/or a light on the outside of the phone to let you know that you had a message.I have never written a review before on Amazon or otherwise, but I feel that people should be aware that the cool, hip advertising of the RAZR is not what it is cracked up to be.

I bought the razr thinking that it was one of the best products on the market, and am disappointed in its performance.  Things to consider if you are thinking about buying it:1) volume is very low.  it's fine for normal situations, but if you are in a semi-noisy environment, the highest volume is still difficult to hear2) placement of buttons on the phone - volume control is on the opposite side of other buttons.  when holding the phone and trying to adjust, your thumb hits the other buttons so you have to hold the phone in an awkward position to only adjust what you want to adjust!3) backlighting dims to save energy - this is great, but its difficult to see things (numbers, incoming calls, etc) when you are on a call and the lighting has gone off.the phone is indeed sleek and compact, but i think these are only marginal improvements over other models and don't compensate for the design problems above.

Amazon is advertising this item in stock (December 20 2005). But a week after ordering, it still hasn't shipped and the order can't be cancelled or delivery accelerated of course.  Beware Amazon's "ships in 24 hours": it isn't true.

I received the Motorola Razr V3 for Christmas and I love it! I would like to sum up the good and the bad for you in this review:PROS:Sleek and small: It can fit into your pocket without even noticing it's there (however I recommend a case because, as with all phones, there is a risk of scratching the camera lens or something else)Bluetooth: No strings attached! Whether in the car or at home, you can walk (or drive) without dealing with wires.Accessories: With the Razr, there's more available accessories than you know what to do with, this gives you room for choosing the best product and the one you like the best.Multimedia:The razr can be connected to the computer where the possibilities are endless! You can take and send pictures, music, ringtones, and almost anything else from your phone to your PC or from PC to phone.Reception: Although I don't get service at my own house, it seems almost everywhere I go I have full service (of course this really depends on your service provider)Sound Structure: You may look at the Razr and think that it's going to break with just the slightest amount of force.  And, of course, it you bend one half away from the other, it will probably break.  But I imagine just like any other phone, if you bend it, it will break. They're phones! Not 2 by 4's!Many other positives about this phone but hard to name them all, basically anything not listed as negative below is a plus.CONS:Volume: Maybe it's just me, but I've also heard it from others, but the volume while talking on this phone could be louder.  I found when in a busy place the only way to hear clearly is to press the phone to my ear or calling the person back later of course.Also, not so much having to do with the phone, but rather the accessories. Although also listed as a pro, the bluetooth accessories tend to be a little more pricey than the wired ones, but I guess that's what you pay for quality.Lastly, although the phone may look cool, EVERYONE wants to look at it.  Your friends will want to hold it, play with it, etc.  However, this con should not discourage you from buying the phone, I mean, afterall, it is really cool.I would also like to point out that if this is going to be your first phone, I would recommend seeing if you're going to have service in and around your home. It is very irritating to have a cell phone and not be able to use it in your house (there are many websites that can tell you this or you can ask the provider you are thinking of going with)

I should have listened when people told me about Motorola's quality issues.  When I tried to charge my brand new phone, it gave an "Unable to Charge" message.  Shouldn't Motorola have caught this before shipping it?

This is a sleek, sexy phone that is a joy to use. If you are the type of user who prefers to read the manual to discover the various features, be prepared for some frustration. I had to find several commands by trial and error (ex: searching for a specific number in the  phone book or sending a photo to the phone). That criticism made (and for most who don't turn to manuals, it won't matter), this is a feature-laden phone that technophiles will adore: bluetooth connection for sending photos; reminders popping up from syncing my computer's calendar, a gorgeous big display, and the envy of others around you. For the non-technophiles, it is just plain beautiful.I have not experienced any of the problems reported about it being a fragile phone. When opening it, it feels sturdy and ready to withstand a few years of use. I have chosen not to get a case. If you tend toward dropping things, a case would probably be in order.

First off, the phone rocks.  It is thin, cool, and very usable.  The only problems are with the earpiece volume being a little low, no flash on the digital camera, and the issues with multiple numbers under one name.  Cingular's service is usually savaged in Chicago, but I found it is better in the dead areas than verizon, t mobile or sprint (and no worse anywhere else).  It's not very good in basements, but everywhere else it works well.  By the way, the price is great (free after rebates) and I am very happy with the customer service.  It would be a 5 star transaction if the aforementioned problems would be addressed.

I originally thought Motorola was a good, solid brand, so when I first signed up with Cingular, I chose a Motorola V180. Had good reception for the first 4 months, then came the dropped calls, and "call failed" attempts. Cingular's warranty dept. replaced the phone, after several calls. 4 months later, same thing happens. Another 4 months goes by, and guess what? Yep, same thing happens. Just got the third phone before my 1 year warranty expired. Then, yes, in 4 months, more dropped calls and calls failed. By now, I figure it's the cheap ($49) phone, and since I had no warranty left opted for the $250 Motorola Razr. Well, after 2 months, the dropped calls and failed calls returned, along with the dirty screen, and useless USB as mentioned by other reviewers here.This is where the horrible customer service from Cingular begins. I called, as before, explaining the problem, only to be told it is not the phone but the service. Ridiculous, I say, because when the phone was new, I had perfect reception, at home, and on the road. Now, I can't even use the phone at home, and a 6 mile stretch of a major Interstate freeway (I-880). I had asked about the reception at my house when calling about the previous phone, and was told I was in a "medium strength" area, and should have no problem. THIS time when I called, I was told I had NO coverage at my house, the complete opposite of what they said 3 months prior. When I mentioned that it wasn't only at home, she asked where I was having reception problems on the road. When I told her, she said "oh, theres a blank spot there". I asked what do you mean? She says "there's no tower near there, so if a lot of people are on the phone, you can't get out". Cingular recently put up billboards claiming "fewest dropped calls of any major carrier", what a crock!!!So, I was stuck with a useless $250 phone, and a $175 early termination fee.  I really had no choice but to drop Cingular, and eat the $175. I switched to Verizon, got an LG VX8300 phone, and couldn't be happier!! So far 5 months, and no problems!!I absolutely DO NOT recommend Cingular, or Motorola, to anyone.

Oct 7th 2005If you look carefully at these so called "bad reviews" you will notice most of them either don't know how to use the phone OR may have been the 1-2 out of 1000 that received a faulty phone which happens from EVERY manufacturer, EVERY brand, EVERY type of phone.Now my wife & I have had ours for 12 days so far with no problems whatsoever, we ordered 2, I got the Black one she got the silver one. Got BOTH for FREE btw.Just a word about those of you like us that want a "shared plan" from Cingular BUT Amazon does not offer those plans while you order, I ordered 1 phone with 1 cheapest single plan each, now when Amazon sends you the conformation that your order has been shipped you get your "Cell phone Numbers" right then in the email.I simply called Cingular gave them the phone numbers of each phone told them the deal and had the service changed to a "single 700 rollover mins shared plan" before we even got the phones in our hands, so there is no problems at all in that respect. Once we got the phones I called back to check and yes the person from Cingular had done everything as asked, I also checked from the phone itself as you can go to "My Account" from the Main Menu page and phone goes online and checks everything about your account, how many minutes, the plan, when the next bill is due, etc etc, and sure enough everything was as it was supposed to be.As far as signal strength it is excellent in my area, I can go all through our house upstairs and downstairs and it stays between 4-5 bars, I don't recall seeing less than 3 bars all around town so far, the phone gets a great signal, and Cingular "in my area" puts out a great signal.My wife just came back from a business trip, she was about 150 miles away "With NO ROAMING charges" btw our last cell phone service "Alltel" would have been roaming within 20 miles.Anyway when she got to the hotel she called we both had perfect signal strength, we both put phone in "Speaker Phone" mode and she just laid the phone in closed position on the night stand while she unpacked her suitcases, I put mine on my night stand and we talked for about an hour with no problems at all, and it was a FREE call "Mobile to Mobile".We sent a couple text messages to each other that worked no problem.She used the phone as her Alarm clock the next morning which worked perfectly.Now as for what 1-2 reviewers have said about the battery life, most likely they have gotten one of those 1-2 out of 1000.I've had phone 12 days have charged it 3 times and have never let it go to the point where is says it "needs" charging, so average 4 days per charge and just like the manual states it appears as though battery life is getting a bit better after a few charges, So I'm easily going to get 3-5 days per charge, and that's with a lot of fiddling around with it because it's new and 1-2 hours talk time.Some one mentioned they dropped the phone on its hinge and it broke. I have yet to drop the phone but it seems to be very well made to me, either way I would suggest getting a Krusell cover for it which I did but has not been delivered yet, and also insurance for $4.99 a month from Cingular which covers anything and everything for life of the phone, thus that problem is solved.Someone mentioned something about the "address book being slow" not even sure what that means, I only have about 8 numbers in it so far but it comes up virtually instantly for me, maybe if you have 100++ numbers in it might take a couple seconds? dunno.As for searching through the phone book, they mentioned you have to make a new entry for each number for same person, NO you dont, you have the option to show numbers any way you wish, either by "Name" or "Speed dial #" or "Voice name" or even by "Email" and with or without a picture of the person.Want it faster and easier if you have a lot of names/entries? then set it for "list only" "no picture" and by "primary number only", simple. You can also separate numbers even further by putting in "Categories" such as "Business/Personal/General/VIPs"Bring up Category your number is in only that way even if you have 100s of Names & #s it thins them to category.When you have "primary number only" listed all you need to do then to get all the other numbers & Email listing for that Name is to "Highlight name and use left or right on the Navigation button to get all the other numbers" once again very simple and easy to use. I find the Phone book to be excellent & fast.1-2 have mentioned something about "ear piece volume too low" I'm in total agreement with "Harry G from TN" the ear piece volume is fine just make sure the "volume" is turned up and it is just a good as any other cell phone I have ever used, but like Harry mentioned make sure your ear is right at the "top edge of the phone", too low and volume will sound low.Now myself I find the phone overall to be excellent, gets a great signal, has way more than enough features for me, works very well for its intended purpose "PHONE" seems to be very well made, nice size, looks great, has a really nice screen with sharp image & colors.I have only ONE complaint so far......The screen which looks outstanding inside under any indoor lighting, especially if you are in the dark, well that same screen outdoors under "sunlight" is virtually unreadable. So there you have my one gripe.I will come back and update this if anything changes, but as for right now and for FREE and can hardly see how you can go wrong with this phone.(Update 4/30/06.)Well 7 months later and these phones are still working flawless with ZERO problems of anykind.I charge it maybe twice a week so battery life is still great.Neither my wife or I have this alleged sound problem some seem to have the earpiece and speakerphone volume are plenty loud.My wife is constantly playing solitaire on hers, so she has worked the hell out of that keypad the last 7 months and no problems.These phones are the best we have ever had by far, so like I said before take these "bad reviews" with a grain of salt.Some may indeed have a faulty unit which is going to happen regardless which phone you buy, but I bet a large percentage of these problems are simply operator error.These phones are excellent and I would recommend them to anyone.Still the only slight fault that I can gripe about on them is the screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.and it took an extra couple weeks to get rebate but was no problem, just a single phone call and problem was solved.(Update June 23th 2006)Have had these phones over 9 months so far without a single problem, they work flawless.As I said above anyone giving this phone a bad rating either has that rare bad one of the bunch or simply doesn't know how to use the phone. I have dropped this phone 3X so far, last time was 4 days ago in the parking lot on concrete and no problems at all, not even a scratch. (Of course the Krussel case is outstanding and helps a lot)We used both our phones while on a Cruise to the Caribbean and as long as we were in an area/Island that had cell service we had good reception and no problems at all, and as long as we were in a US territory (Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, St. Croix, St. John) the calls were not roaming.You get the phones for FREE, Amazon is good to order from with no problems, Cingular so far for us anyway have been very good and the service (in our area) is far better than what Alltel was.There may be some phones out there as good, some im sure will have a better camera, however I seriously doubt you will find a better all around cell phone & service.

The phone is okay, but the Verizon phone (V3c) has 10x the memory and better reception.  Cingular is spotty, even in the middle of urban areas. Also, the company policies are some of the worst in the business. I would seriously consider Verizon, Sprint, or T-mobile first.

I would have rated this phone as a 3.5 star but just because of the cingular line that comes with it, I will not rate it any higher than a dismal 1. I for one switched from T-mobil to Cingular mainly to get my hands on a black razr. Little did I know about the horrendouous customer service than cingular had. For starters, I missed out on the mail in rebate from Amazon thanks to cingular not sending me the bills for the first 3 months even after repeated follow-ups. The only mistake I made was to combine my SBC and Cingular billing and ever since both my bills got screwed. None of the online websites could display my minute usage. Even my phone started giving error messages like "Data not available". A call to a cingular customer support takens atleast 15 mins to connect and even after repeated complaints they did not fix the issue and kept biling me for excess minutes. Finally after about 2-3 months of this experience, I was able to get through to a supervisor on the issue and she outrightly rejected my issues/complaints on the grounds that I could always have called cingular customer support for such information!!! Yaa maybe if all I did from morning till evening was dialing their cust service line. Anyway, immediately after the incident I parted ways with cingular and vow to never ever again try them out. Net net, I lost about $450 on the phone;150(amazon)+150(missed MIR)+150(cingular cancellation fee). The best part is that cingular also does not let you cancell the connectoin without paying up until the end of your billing cycle. All in all, if your are looking for a black razr, but it on e-bay unlocked for $200.

I bought this phone about 3 weeks ago and must say that the phone itself is very nice.  So far, I have absolutely no complaints!  HOWEVER, you have to wait 6 months before you can even send in the rebate.  This is not that big of a deal but here is where it gets interesting.  I bought the phone with new Cingular service and wanted to transfer my existing number (from my old service provider) to my new account.  If you do that, then you lose your rebate eligibility.  So if you're like me, beware of the "conditions" of the rebate.  Still an awesome phone though.  Although it could use some more choices for ring tones.

Bought the phone in December. Loved the way it looked and fit in my pocket. Hated the operating system, since you can't simply have one entry with multiple phone numbers: you have to have a different entry for cell/home/business etc (much prefer Samsung for that). About a month ago I noticed that dust was getting under the display, to the point where I could not make out entries when outside. Last week the phone started acting up: it would spontaneously shut off. Called Cingular. Got a 'helpful' service person who asked if I had ghosts. (ha ha).Got referred to the warranty department. He said the phone was recalled due to the dust issue (thanks for letting me know) and had me open it to get serial number, etc. I did, and noticed a lot of crud on the battery and interior. Also noticed that one of screws holding it together wasn't in tight: in fact, it fell out as soon as I shifted the phone. Mentioned both things to the rep, and he asked a few questions, including if what color a circle was. Well, it was red, which indicated that moisture had gotten into the phone, thus voiding the warranty. Never mind that it was the fact that the phone wasn't sealed properly (it had never been near water, nor had anything spilled on it. Only thing I can think of is that it was put on a damp bathroom sink).Calls to Motorla and visits to service departments did nothing. So I need to buy another phone. Even though there were construction issues. Even though the phone was recalled. Even though moisture was allowed in due to a poorly constructed/sealed phone.Definitely going with a different phone this time.

I bought this phone from Cingular, and while I haven't had any major problems with the carrier, the phone is too fragile for everyday use. I've taken good care of this phone and keep it in a leather case, but it's already acting up. The phone randomly shuts off, especially during calls, even though the battery is charged. It seems as if the battery is secure in it's compartment, so I can't figure out what is wrong with it, beside the fact it's just a poorly designed phone. If size is what you're looking for in a phone, I'd look elsewhere.

okay, just got my razr.beautiful design, really.easy to use, easy to dL & uL ringtones, pictures.logical os, mostly.but...the earpiece volume sucks! lower than my previous motorola (a t721...i think).useless on a busy manhattan street...really disappointed in this; what good is a mobile phone if u can't use it outdoors??may get it hacked, to increase the volume. but this shouldn't have to be this way...

I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one. The battery holds the charge for a long period of time (at least while the battery is still new) and the phone looks sleek. However, the Cingular service has been horrible! I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything. It constantly droppes calls, the receiption is pretty bad almost anywhere compared to T-Mobile. My friend lives about 15 minutes away from me and he has the same problems with Cingular. Whenever I have to make an important call I have to use someone else's cell phone (as long as it is not on Cingular). The phone was activated about a week earlier before I actually received it from Amazon and Cingular charged for an extra week of service. That wasnt very nice of them. I am returning this phone and switching back to T-Mobile before the 30 day period is not over yet (23 day period in my case). T-Mobile is giving away free Razrs now through Amazon, so this would be an easy decision.

I have owned many of phones over the last ten years and this by far is the best Motorola phone that I ever have owned. I could never recommend a Motorola product prior to the RAZR. HOWEVER the RAZR has a huge drawback to it. If you look under the battery you will notice a white dot that is outlined in black. If this dot turns red at any time your warranty is voided as Motorola claims that the phone was subjected to moisture. This occurred to me just after having the phone for 5 months. I assured Motorola that the phone was never subjected to water of any nature and the technician advised me that "the phone does not necessarily need to be subjected to water that it could be from being subjected to moisture or humidity". I had advised that this could result then from anyone who puts the phone in their pocket or resides somewhere that the climate is very humid. The technician advised "that is correct". Motorola will graciously replace the phone for, in my case, $100 over the price that I paid for it. So again the phone is excellent but is very susceptive to problems with moisture and Motorola does not stand behind the product! For this I rate the product 2 stars out of five as it appears that this is a product that Motorola will make alot of money off of especially if people need to constantly replace it!

My wife and I have had our RAZRs for a couple of months now. We got them when we change our phone service to Cingular. We're happy with both the phones and the service.My phone is thin, thin enough that I can put it in a shirt or pant pocket and it creates no bulge. In spite of the thinness it's solid and comfortable to talk on. It seems reasonably sturdy, but I don't think it would hold up well to being sat on. The screen is large and easy to read, but it gets dirty easily, as do the shiny keys, and I frequently clean both. The menus are easy to navigate once you figure out the shortcuts and smart key, but the lag others have noted is real and would probably be extremely annoying when game playing. For regular phone duties it doesn't seem to me to make much difference.The camera takes photos that are very nice on the phone's screen and for e-mail; they'd probably look like trash if printed (no probably about it - I tried the experiment and they DO look like trash). The alarm clock is loud - when I forgot once to turn it off it woke me up from the living room, two doors and a hallway away from the bedroom. The battery life isn't bad; it lasts for about three days (I make two or three calls a day). It recharges very quickly (less than two hours, the shortest time I've waited to check on it).Cingular's coverage has been excellent, much better than the coverage we had with Sprint. Sprint was fine along the Interstate, but not in rural areas off the Interstate. We've had coverage just about everywhere with Cingular (in Louisiana and East Texas; my parents say they get good coverage driving through New Mexico and Colorado, where my wife and I got none with Sprint last summer).Another aspect of Cingular's service that I've appreciated has been customer service. On a billing issue and then a technical issue I was able to get a living human at the other end of the line after minimal navigation through their automated system, and in both cases the human was extremely helpful (both issues were immediately resolved). We've always had a horrible time getting a human to talk to us at Sprint, and sometimes we'd be kicked off the automated system after being instructed to go to the web site. So far Cingular has been a breath of fresh air.

I bought this phone in september 2005. It looks really nice and flat but:1-Phonebook is prehistoric you can't store more than one number under the same name unless you enter the name again.2-The charger seems to have some connection error after 2 months, I have to move the plug up and down till this "sensitive pieace of ..." gets electricityI had NOKIA and SONY ERICSSON before and used them for at least 2 years with no problem.Motorola after 3 months started giving me trouble..WIll never buy and recommend this product.

I bought this phone as a secondary phone for my tenants to get in touch with me. So I only would use it maybe 3 or 4 times a month. After having the phone for only a year, the phone just one day stops working. I never dropped it or damaged it at all. Most of the time I had it, it would be sitting on my dresser.  With such little usage and no damage done to the phone, this is terrible. Its almost like the phone knew when the warranty would be up so it would just break on its own. I will never buy another Motorola phone ever again.

Geez, all this angst about what the razr does and doesn't do. I've owned several phones and this one excels in most of the "real world" applications, such as: 1. I hardly ever get a dropped call, 2. It is thin enough to rest in my front pants pocket without feeling like I've got a hummer in there. 3. The body is tough and seems like it will last a good long time. 4. no antenna sticking out, need I say more? 5. I can see the screen-all the time. 6. menu is easy to navigate. 7. The camera works great in a pinch. If I wanted to take "real" pictures, I would have a "real" camera with me. So, all in all, it does what it should without any major annoyances. Could they improve it? Yep, and they will, but for now, I'm happy to have a small, light, easy to use phone that does most things pretty well.

Ever since I have got this phone, I have recieved so many compliments on it. People go " Is that a Razor? Look how thin it is! Look how cute it is". I get lots of people oggling and wanting to hold my phone as if it was some kind of newborn.There is no doubt about it, The Razr is a sleek, beautiful phone. It's a great phone for anyone who is a fashionista, or who likes to be to date on trends. It's not a phone for those though, who enjoy chrystal clear reception and a smorgasboard of technology, you won't find that here.My razr's reception cuts in and out a lot, even when I have all bars are up on the screen. The speaker phone is adequete, but not as good as it could be. They keypad is a bit ackward and takes some getting used to. If you're a woman with long nails, it's hard to dial the flat keys. Also if you are a woman, this is the kind of phone that easily gets lost in your purse, because it is so thin.The picture quality is good, the camera is good too, although it is bit ackward I have heard from other people I know with this phone. It works fine for me.This phone is very durable. I have dropped it many times, and it has never broken or scratched.  The color is nice and very unique, I choose it ovet the silver which was the one avaible at the time, I would also choose it over the pink.Over all, I would say, if you are really into fashion, trends or being hip, get this phone, I would really pass on it if you are looking for the latest and greatest thing in technology. You won't find it here.

I've had my RAZR V3 phone for nearly a year now, and during that time I've seen prices fall through the floor and exclusivity of this phone erode to almost nothing. But what is left is a pretty darn good phone: good looking, functional, durable. And at current prices, it's a steal.Long after its release, the RAZR V3 is still the best looking phone on the market, without a doubt. For a while, cellular phone makers were racing to see which company could produce the smallest handset and I wondered more than once whether I would one day end up holding a thimble-sized phone up to me ear and then maybe losing it through a small hole in my jeans' pocket. But Motorola took the miniaturized component technology other companies used to make the same phones on increasingly smaller scales and they used to it make something that feels good in the hand, slips easily into a shirt pocket, and is great to look at.I'm not a technical expert, so you'd be better off looking at other reviews for the highly technical aspects of this phone. But if you want the views of a guy who is pretty tough on his phone and who has an appreciation for aesthetics and utility, then read on.Some pros and cons of the phone:Good:* The design speaks for itself, but there is more to it than meets the eye at first. The keyboard intuitively knows when it should light up to help you dial or write a text message, and its laser-cut design strikes the right balance between being as slim as possible while also offering tactile feedback. The quality of the screen is very good, except in bright light.* The quality of the connection is great. I've rarely had any dropped calls and I never experience any static. I live in a 16th century building with stone and marble walls more than four-feet thick, and yet the signal strength good enough that I can use the phone inside the apartment most of the time -- at least on par with friends who visit with their bulkier phones.* The Bluetooth signal connects without much trouble. I can connect to my computer without even trying (giving me slowish and fairly expensive Internet access on the road -- not enough to make me surrender my Wi-Fi area, but good enough to help out in a bind). I don't use an earpiece much (it makes me feel like a crazy man having animated conversations with an invisible friend), but when I do use it it works seamlessly.* Durability is surprisingly good for such a stylish and thin phone. I travel A LOT (I flew nearly 100,000 miles over the last year -- I just calculated my poor phone has been to 14 countries) and I put this phone through the battles, and with one speaker problem Motorola quickly fixed under guarantee, this has held up admirably.* It's got a good amount of memory. Store phone numbers to the phone rather than to the SIM (you can store important numbers to both, as a backup) and you will have what seems like a limitless number of phone numbers at your disposal. And with contacts stored to the phone, more than one number can be kept in a single file.* Switching between bands while traveling between the U.S., Europe, The Middle East, Oceana, and Asia happens automatically, unlike older Motorola phones that required you to make the switch manually. It also locates the cellular service provider with the strongest signal automatically, though it's easy to list a preference in any market if that provider offers better roaming rates.Bad:* Some kind of filter to make the screen clearer in bright light would have been an easy and welcome addition.* The battery life isn't great, especially if you use the phone a lot. I have two batteries and I keep both charged up so I can switch while traveling. That gives me a full 24 hours of intense use. I dealer I spoke to in Paris told me that better Li-Polymer batteries to fit the RAZR V3 are on the way, but that was several months ago and I haven't seen them yet. That would be a nice upgrade from the retro Li-Ion batteries the phone uses.* I've been a Motorola user for about eight years (a period in which I've had five phones that I can recall), so the menu is no mystery to me. But I've heard from enough friends familiar with various platforms that the Motorola's menu is weak, and they can back up their claims. I'd like to see Motorola upgrade its menu as dramatically as it has phone design.Summary:* The RAZR V3 is an unexpected design triumph from a company that was on the verge of becoming an also-ran in the handset wars. With one bold and skilled move, the company is a major player again. Rivals have had plenty of time to respond to Motorola's RAZR V3 salvo in the cellular phone design wars and up until now they're about as successful as those emulating the iPod -- another design triumph that inspired a parade of soulless copies from the competition. My advice: get the real thing.

i just purchased this phone and service plan.  i am moving from verizon, which is non-competitively expensive.  this phone out performs my verizon phone in every category, including volume. additionally, is is SUBSTANTIALLY LOUDER than any phone i have owned.  and, it's a phone i can carry without having to tighten my belt three notches to prevent cuff drag.

I was a Siemens user the last 5 years. I loved the customization options and I always liked hacking my phone. I was very reluctant before byuing this phone but I said to myself "what the heck even if I don't like the software I'll have a great looking phone!"I was so wrong!After receiving it I started looking at its features. The camera is OK for a phone (I was never thrilled about cameras on phones). The phonebook good and the calendar also. It has a good earpiece and a loud speaker. The signal also is very good butI guess you can see lots of reviews verifying that.I really fell in love with the phone though when I connected it to my computer and started looking around in the web... I was amazed by the amount of hacking you can do with this phone! For all those of you who like playing with settings and stuff it is a must! (as any Motorola I assume)I would give it 5 stars but just as a tribute to my older Siemens phones I don't... Maybe for my next Motorola ;)

My first GSM phone was a Motorola. It just about worked. I then became a Nokia junkie and stuck with the Nokia - the User interface on the Nokia was beautifully simple. I then became a CrackBerry addict - I kept the Nokia as the Crackberry was not a good phone. Now I have given up the Nokia in favour of a slimmer phone. The TEXT functionality is not as good as Nokia but otherwise the sound quality is excellent and the User Interface is good enough. I have broken my addiction to the CrackBerry and now it is the laptop and the Razr. I dropped one star because of the TEXT functions.

I held off getting a Moto-V3 for several months,because of the bad reviews i have read about it. Even the sales Reps. at my provider wouldn't recomend it! but after having several phones over the years, including some nokia and others,my wife and i ended up with motrola V-180's and had really good service(absolutely no problems) I really liked the looks of the V3,so a few months ago I weakened and got one. I like the phone very much, dropped it once with no dammage, has good batt. life, and with out a doubt it has the best reception ever. Since I don't use mine as a radio or slow text m.(slower than moris code,proven!)Internet use is rediculous, I really do like my Moto.V3 "as a PHONE" Again I haven't had the power down, quirkey problems i had read about!! Its a keeper!!

The RAZR is the best phone I've ever owned, I just love it.  Before I got it in February, someone said the antenna was weak and it dropped calls easily.  I've had one dropped call, when my wife was driving through a canyon.  The signal is strong, the phone works very well and is easy to use.  I got a Bluetooth, and I'm now totally hooked.  After going from Nokia to LG, LG to Samsung, then Samsung to Motorola, I know there's always learning curve, but I don't mind.  If a phone exceeds my expectations, I can handle the differences.

There's only one good thing about this phone: it is well-shaped. It fits in your pocket nicely. Otherwise, my god is this awful. It's as if the marketing department designed the software: the UI is appalling and confusing, common things take several clicks, and it's loaded with useless features like Cingular Mail and mediaNet. I'm not sure what genius thought that "Tools" like the Calculator belong in the "Settings" menu, but there it is. The user interface is also just plain ugly, not even close to the stylishness of the phone itself.You should be getting this phone for free these days, though I'm not sure zero dollars is really even a good price for it.

The GOOD:Beautiful phone. Stylish, thin, black, with great reception (using Cingular in St. Louis area) and clarity. The screen is very clear, colorful, and large, great for playing games like chess - I can actually SEE the pieces! :)The BAD:First, after 33 days the black RAZR started making this very high pitched noise if I just opened the phone and put it to my ear. Several Cingular employees also heard it. I returned the phone not once, but twice through the warranty exchange and each phone did the same thing. I tried using a different battery, a different SIM card, but to no avail - all three black V3 RAZR's made that high pitched noise. At this point I became frustrated - it sounds obsessive-compulsive, but I am not paying over $300 for a phone that makes that noise.Second,the camera sucks. I'm not a photographer, and I don't plan on buying a nice camera, nor do I intend to buy a digital camera. I just want the camera on my phone to be "good," not decent or crap. The 4 x digital zoom distorts the final pic so much it's worthless. Even without that you end up with a blurry, pixelated pic not worth your time. There is a great lag between the time you snap the pic and when the phone takes it.Third, while you can watch video, you can't record it. And even if you can tolerate taking pics, you have no memory to do so. With ten pics, I'm already at 20% capacity.Finally, while the overall phone feels sturdy, the side buttons (and I've tested three new phones) feel a bit flimsy on certain phones and not on others, and the top screen (when the phone is closed) is actually askew to the point where I can see the copper wiring underneath on 2 out of 3.The UGLY: If you want a very nice looking phone (just don't drop it - but why would you, it's $300) that has excellent clarity and only plan to make and receive calls, I'd buy it! If, however, you are one of the crowd who demands greater functionality (while probably sacrificing some of the eye-candy appeal of the RAZR) from your toys, I'd suggest a different high-end phone.

Just got the RAZR 3- phone is great.  However, am having a lot of trouble with battery life- it is dying very quickly.  Manual says needs a few full charge/discharge cycles.  I think i'm up to 4x.  Anybody else with this problem?

Just an fyi on the worst case of customer service I've experienced in my life. About six months ago I bought Moto's V3. (Tmobile via Amazon, $200). When I turned on the phone, the display on the screen often was reversed as if read in a mirror. I returned the phone to Amazon, which immediately replaced it. Unfortunately, the replacement's screen would go dark every now and then for no apparent reason, requiring me to remove the battery and install to get it back. By then Amazon would no longer exchange the phone, I sent it back to Moto via UPS. I called Moto weekly to find out how long it would take to be repaired or replaced. For two weeks no one could find it in the system. Each time I called I was told it was being investigated with their highest priority. On the 20th day after the package had been received by Moto, the customer service rep finally told me the box was empty and they were again investigating. Seven days later, Moto finally called me to say that they had concluded their investigation and that the box was definitely empty and I should contact UPS for reimbursement.

Don't ever order thru AMAZON... they will not ship and will take a long time.. They will just say that have not got CREDIT APPROVAL from CINGULAR... But I called Cingular and learnt that my approval was done 10 days back but these cheaters will delay because they don't have in stock.

To the kid below me you can't record video. Just watch it.

Like many other people I was skeptical about the performance of this phone, but i was wrong, this phone lived upto my expectations. The VOICE is CLEAR and LOUDER , NO issues with the quality of sound. Easy to adjust volume while talking on phone also. Signal reception is good, so far (10days) I have no call drops(Cingular Service). Camera is good, you can take some nice pictures with 4x digital zoom.Many people complained about storing multiple phone numbers under one name, They are wrong, we can store multiple numbers(like home,mobile,work,fax etc) under one name. But, you see same name listed multiple times in the phonebook.This is required for voice calls.Charges quickly and it lives longer.Take Bluetooth ear piece (Body Glove), its really cool and convenient and easy to use.NEGATIVE POINT > I dont see many free games in this phone, may be I've to PAY and download from cingular media site (I've not tried yet).Suggestion : Please read the phone and ear piece user guide incase if you have trouble/inconvenience in finding some feature. Please Dont write a review until you use it for few days.BOTTOM LINE : I'm very happy with the phone and the Body Glove ear piece as well. This is not an extraordinary phone but it is really a cool phone. Buy with confidence, unless you get a diffective phone, you dont get disappointed with this phone.

After a few months I noticed a really BAD smell coming from the dialpad of the phone. I tried cleaning it with everything and nothing worked. I had no idea how the phone picked up the smell.....I was worried that for some inexplicable reason it was coming from.....moi? (I smoke) But much to my amazement a friend of mine was experiencing the same problem to the point that she ended up buying another phone. I then decided to google "Motorola Razr Bad Smell" and sure enough, there were a NUMBER of hits from people reporting the same thing....If you want to buy this phone...very cute, very sexy, very slim....make sure you carry a bottle of perfume with you because the smell becomes very, very annoying.Would I buy another one??? Nope

Beware of Amazon's "Ships in 24 Hours" message.  I ordered this phone on December 13, and it still has not shipped since today, December 22.  I have been told that because of choosing free shipping, it takes longer to ship out.  It should take longer to deliver, not longer to ship, and I have ordered other items with free shipping and this hasn't happened.

I've had this phone for about 4 months.  (I got it when it first came out.) I love it.  The only reason I gave it a 4 is because the screen constantly looks smudged, and I am forever wiping it.  For those of you having battery trouble, I "thought" I did at first too.  The problem is that when you leave it on Bluetooth, it drains the battery really fast.  That is because the phone is constantly in "on" mode.  Turn off the bluetooth when you aren't using it and you will be surprised how much longer the battery lasts.

Razr V3 is indeed the coolest phone I've ever owned. It comes with a wide range of features, including a VGA camera, a very versatile messaging center, support for JAVA applications and Bluetooth. The menu navigation is quite logical, however, not as clear and straightforward as with Nokia phones.The phone is made of metal and it perfectly supplements my metal digital camera and my metal PDA. It pairs perfectly with my HP ipaq hx4700 via Bluetooth.The display is great, it provides enough space for navigation, browsing and photos viewing. One thing that strikes me, though, is the viewing angle - the display is viewed best from the front,  if you look at it from either side, it gets whitish or overexposed.The keyboard was a great surprise to me, I expected it to be flat and nonresponding, much like with cheap calculators. To my great surprise, although the keys do not stick out, pressing them (reinforced by a loud click) is quite ok even for people with bigger fingers like myself. The keyborad is actually VERY large in comparison with other contemporary phones. One more thing: the phone lacks a joystick, which is in my opinion one of its great advantages.I have replaced (modded) the original phone software with its 'retouched' version, enabling video recording, animated menus, improved phonebook and other features and getting rid of provider personalization. Extensive information on such modifications can be found on the internet, just use google.The phone comes with synchronization software, which works pretty well, yet it lacks direct support for Outlook. I had real difficulties importing my Outlook contacts into the app (thru CSV).On the whole, a very good (looking) product with multiple features.

Overall the RAZR is a huge dissapointment. The OS seems to have been designed by a chimp (one of the more stupid ones) and the 'cool' appearance just gets annoying after a short time. The buttons can't be dialed by just feeling for them, which makes them look cool, but really hurts functionality. Any amount of moisture will cause it to stop working, and it ALWAYS has at least 1 bar less service than my friends' phones with Cingular. The commercials are the most misleading. While the phone is relatively thin, it's actually quite large in its other dimensions. Also, there is an annoying humming sound along with a VERY soft ear volume making it very difficult to hear some people. Mixing that with the fact that just about everyone on earth has this phone now a days, what seemed like a sleek alternative has turned out to be just a big pain.

provides the best national coverage at the best price. I just got the razr and am still learning to use it but it beats the heck out of my Nokia 3596.  The worst problem I have with it is the screen get greasy when I put against my ear.

To me, this is the coolest looking phone I have seen.  It&#8217;s solidly made.  The reason I am giving it a 1 is because of the earpiece volume.  To hear the other person, the volume has to be set to the maximum level and even then what comes out of the earpiece is distorted, especially when talking to another mobile phone.  To me this makes the phone useless.  You can use the speaker feature on the phone, but there are times when you want to keep conversations private.  I switched to Cingular to get this phone, but I am canceling my service.  I am also very unhappy with the number of rings that I get before my calls are sent to my voicemail.  With Cingualar, at least in Dallas, you have a maximum of three rings before your calls are routed to you voicemail.  Sometimes, this does not give you enough time to answer your calls.  I am returning it and going back to Sprint.

I loved my RAZR when I paid $450 for it In January 2005. After 6 months I was so sick of all the little seizures RAZR's are now known for. And God is this thing slow. I Love Cingular though.

I am one to always have and use a lot of features. I like the Razr and would recommend it. Positives: light weight, small size, speaker phone works well, display is easy to see, voice dial is accurate, bluetooth, and it is great conversation piece. Negatives: Speakers (normal and speaker) not as clear sounding as my Nokia 6600, no IR port, has a USB port but not software to use it - even for charging the phone, battery life a little short, video recording time way too short, difficult to find a name in the address book (a lot of keystrokes!).

Buy.com offers this phone for zero fee with 2 year contract plus free bluetooth headset. Therefore I have no reason to purchase this phone from Amazon.com unless Amazon offers 1 year contract.The Amazon.com rebate form says minimum of 1 year contract is required. Therefore, I suggest doing this. Buy this phone from Amazon.com with 2 year contract(which is the only option). Before activating your phone, call cingular wireless and say that you actually want 1 year contract. I am sure you can do this without paying cancelation fee even if you have already activated your phone if it happened within 30 days. You will have to pay extra activation fee though.I am giving 5 star for this phone if I can get 1 year contract by this method. I am going to find out if this works. I want other people who already purchased the phone do the same thing and let others know how this works. Thanks!

First of all, let me say that amazon.com and their customer service are the best around. Second to none.It started off about a month, month and a half ago, when I ordered a regular Silver V3. Within 5 days I had a brand new Razr in my hands. Only one problem, it was defective. Dead on arrival. I emailed amazon.com customer service and within 2 hours of talking to them, a new V3 was in transit to my house.The next V3 got to me about 8-9 days after my original order. This time it worked perfect. Being a prior moto customer I was already familar with the menus and what not. I fell in love with this phone right away.Great design, nice layout, and the features I expected. I was even pleasantly suprised by the VGA camera quality. Granted this is no megi pixel digital camera, but for a VGA, I think it takes great pictures.After having my silver V3 for a week or so, I see that they released this black special edition version. So I emailed amazon.com again, and they once again fufilled every request I had. Within 3 weeks (after shipping process) I now have a special edition Black V3 Razr.Same phone, same features, but better (IMO) looking in black.5 star phone and 5 star service from amazon.com

The phone is OK and Cingular seems fine but I cannot believe how difficult it's been trying to receive the rebate.  Thanks Amazon for wasting my time.  Ridiculous!!

This year for my 14th birthday I recieved the Motorola V3 Black RAZR. It's sleekness and design is fit for a king. The screen is the perfect size, and extremely easy to see. The camera is usable, but I prefer my digital camera, of course. The menu is easily accessible and extremely easy to use. I could go on and on about how wonderful this phone is, but it does has its turn downs. To start off, oil from your hands are easily transfered to the phone, causing streaks along the screen, and the keys, but thats only minor. IT IS EXTREMELY FRAGILE, drop it once, it might be the last time it works. As for reception, I have four bars in places I would never expect to get good reception. Battery life is good, too. I would recommend this phone to any cell phone lovers.

I recently bought this phone from Amazon because of the $150 rebate. I am very disappointed with my black RAZR V3. I like the look of the phone and some of the features like the hands-free speaker which is loud and clear. But a cell phone's basic feature is to connect to other people, but it fails in delivering this very basic need. I did not purchase this phone for the bell and whistles, just to make and receive calls.One of the most irritating things about this phone is I find myself constantly having to clean my fingerprints and smudges off the screens. Also my 1st day at work I started to notice that my RAZR phone interfered with my work telephone, the telephones of my co-workers and my portable radio. Therefore I have to turn my phone off at work as no to cause problems. When in my car it interferes with my car radio, at home it interferes with my home telephone, stereo, television, etc.My biggest disappointment is that the ear volume of the phone is "TOO LOW" even though it is set at the maximum volume I can barley here a conversation. I called Motorola to inquire about the volume and could not here or understand the tech person.The only good thing I like about my black RAZR V3 is the speakerphone capability. Needless to say I will be returning this phone. I should have kept my old Sony phone.

I ordered this phone on June 23, 2006, 2 day delivery, which I desperately needed.On the 25th, I get ean e-mail that there is a delay with the order.On the 27th, I get an e-mail telling me that Cingular has approved the order.On July 3, TWELVE DAYS AFTER I PLACED AN ORDER WITH 2-DAY SHIPMENT, I get an e-mail requiring me to confirm my order before they can ship.  I do so.  Tomorrow is July 4.  So I will end up getting a 2-day shipment over 2 weeks after I placed it.

I was skeptical before buying this phone because I had read some bad reviews, but bought the phone anyway because I was having some problems with my last phone. Since I've had the Motorola RAZR I haven't had one single problem with it. In fact, it works great! The screen inside the phone is large and the screen outside is big enough to show the picture of the caller along with the time, the battery strength, and the signal strength. This phone is unbelievably thin, only a half inch (1/2") thick! I bought the USB cable from Radio Shack for $10 and can transfer all my photos to and from my computer and phone with ease. It also synchronizes my phone book and calendar. The Motorola software also lets you crop pictures on your computer to perfectly fit the screen and lets you edit MP3 songs for your phone. I just take songs that I downloaded and put them on my phone as ringers FOR FREE! No more paying for downloading ringers or ring tones.If you're looking for a bunch of kiddie games to come with the phone you'll be disappointed. But, if you're interested in a phone that works plus has extra features, you'll be surprised and satisfied

We got in one month back. The voice is not clear. Always I had to use speaker to talk to others. Returned this phone and got the basic Motorola V188.

I've had this phone for a little over 4 months now, dropped it twice and am still happy with it.  The good, the bad, the ugly:- Common sense will allow you to navigate menus and use every inch of the phone.  Like anything else, if you lack common sense, it may be a learning curve for you to figure out.- Durability:  I dropped it twice (albeit, while in the leather case).  No cracks.  That's the benefit of aluminum.  It landed on the hinge corner, scraping it, and exposing metal after taking the paint off.  It's not rounded and has a shiny tidbit, but it didn't crack!  And the paint is so well done, it doesn't chip or peel or flake around the area.-Signal:  I had a Siemens and Ericson phone prior to this one.  I now get signal where I couldn't even think about it.  Even if it's two bars...I'd get nothing with my other phones.  Excellent pickup on this one.-On top of all that, the clarity is perfect, the ringtones are perfect (I have the back in black mp3...sounds great).  I don't use the camera, so that's something I won't comment on.  As a phone as a package, it does everything as advertised and then some.Cons:I have oily skin and doesn't help on top of anyone with "normal" skin, but this requires the thing to be cleaned often.  Even oils from fingers will transfer to the screen when closed.  No worries, though.  Take care of your things and they'll take care of you.Bluetooth:  Bluetooth works so amazingly well, I've convinced 4 others to buy phones with bluetooth with their next phone.  I have the Jabra 250 and the clarity is amazing.  If you had problems with a wired earpiece before, or never used them since they sucked...this will blow your mind.  However, my problem with the Razr is the ringtone.  Once bluetooth is connected, you cannot change the ringtone.  It is a set default ring.  I was dissapointed by that one.  Also, with the bluetooth connected, you cannot listen to other ringtones.  It almost shuts down all audio on the phone, unless you are using the headset.  I wish there was a quick disconnect on the phone without having to go through menus either.  There's been many a time that I left my headset on in the other room, but have my phone with me, it rings, I answer but can't hear or say anything, because everythign is being pumped to the earpiece in the other room.  :)  Common sense, right?  BTW: yes, it works two rooms apart.Lastly, digit dial.  I know it wasn't advertised and I shouldn't expect it.  My old Sprint PCS phone did it though.  Digit dial:  you speak the digit (one-two-three)  and it will dial 1, 2, 3.  So if you don't have a phone number associated with a name, you just speak the phone number and it will dial it.  This phone doesn't have it.  It does however allow you to program the address book with voice, so all you have to do is hit the button on the headset, say the name, and it dials.But, that's my quick take on it.  Hope it helps.

I want to obtain this deal to get the RAZR for free. Unfortunately, I'm still with AT&T; billing plan and I want to be able to have my current cell number to be on the Cingular RAZR cell phone. I have no way to contact customer service on Amazon for phone service.How am I be able to use my current cell number for RAZR cellphone? There is no way on the Amazon to do that..

I've had the Motorola Black RAZR for three months now and it is a great phone.  I had researched it for a while and I'm very happy with it.  It is truly just a cool phone that provides excellent functionality and call quality.  You better be prepared to read the directions because it is complicated at times and you'll want to take advantage of most if not all of what this phone can do.  And you must go for the Motorola H500 blue tooth ear piece.  It takes 30 seconds to pair up the first time and you won't regret it, it's that good.  It's nice having the phone that everyone wants.  Only mystery is battery life of course. Listed @ 290 hours for stand by and 430 minutes for talk time, I think it falls short.  I'm recharging about every 4 days but using it a lot so the line is blurred between pure stand by and talk time. My call quality is great and the accessories available on E-Bay will make your head spin. Be sure to check them all out.I haven't experienced the problems that a lot of people have mentioned in their reviews. I'm sure there are a few drawbacks I haven't had to deal with yet but I've thoroughly enjoyed using the phone especially the blue tooth that has been nothing but spectacular. Besides it's a cool phone and EVRYONE notices when you pull out a RAZR and isn't that what cell phones are all about?

I love this phone. Its the best cell phone Ive everowned up to this point.  Its sleek and cute too!Motorola has always been my choice and they did asweet job with this cell.

I will be honest. I am one of those trendy college kids that MUST have the best of everything. I definitely didn't end up with the best phone. There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake. Yes, the phone is stylish and trendy but it is also too wide, uncomfortable to hold and most the time down right filthy.The external screen is too small and hard to see unless you position it a certain way. It is both uncomfortable to hold, and uncomfortable against my ear. I also find myself constantly asking people to repeat themselves. When I turn the volume up the highest it will go, it does not help. In fact, it makes things worse. When I turn the volume up all the way the person's voice does not get louder- it just seems to exagerate this buzzing air noise and the person's voice sometimes gets a little distorted... it's almost like a slight echo that I can literally feel against my ear.Also, don't get too comfortable while on this phone without a hands free set. This phone is almost impossible to hold with your shoulder.I've heard good things about the Razr's speakerphone. I on the other hand am not impressed with it at all. When I use it, I find it very hard to hear as my Razr speakerphone picks up all background noise from my end (again, an echo of sorts)as well as all the noise from the person on the other end. It seems to magnify even the slightest noise. Maybe that is just an error with my phone.I will not go into how fragile this phone is. I believe that it is common sense that when you have a phone of this build, you obviously must be a lot more careful and aware with it. I personally don't believe that constitutes buyers remorse. It bothers me to think people are giving this phone a bad review based on their neglegence.I honestly can't believe the price they have on this phone. It is beyond over priced soley based upon its popularity, not quality.

I received my first cell phone for christmas 2004 and by August 2005 i had gotten a new camera phone. Then in May 2006 i got the razr. It was a great improvement over my other 2 phones. The menu is easy to navigate and the buttons are way cool. You can also change sum of the buttons to go to different things. The camera is fairly good, better thasn that of the nokia 3220. The phone also has a good memory. With 50 pix and five music tones, plus a downloaded game, I have only used 20% of the memory. With the nokia 3220 30 small pix and 3 polyphonic ringtones, over 75% of the memory is used. And for the people complaining about not enough memory for an MP3 phone, it is not meant to be an MP3 phone. There are phones that are for mp3s and the razr is not one of them! Plus if you drop this phone, nothing  happens. I have dropped on a hard kithen floor, concrete, and other hard surfaces numerous times and nothing has ever happened. The battery isn't that great, but if you hook it up to a charger every night, there isn't really a problem.The only things i didn't like were the ringtones you could not delete and the earpiece isnt that loud. Other than that its a great phone

I bought the SLVR for my girlfriend and a Razr for myself.  I figured the Razr looked good enough and decided to buy it.  Remember when you were younger and you ate something you weren't supposed to?  (Chalk... Glue...)This is the same deal, except instead of retardation, you received a ton of crap instead.  The battery casing sucks, as it won't snap on properly.  When I discussed it with Cingular in person they showed me how I could fix the problem.  Sure I can fix it easily each time I snap the case back on by giving it an extra tap, but if I paid a few hundred dollars for a phone, no extra tap should be neccessary.  The phone also stinks in terms of the buttons.  (The batteries is an issue thoroughly discussed, instead of venting and repeating, I will say- I concur!)Its not the fact that it appears all to be one giant button that angers me, it is the fact that they have two little buttons picked out for you, next to the wheel and under the soft keys.Look, I am a poor college student, I could barely afford the phone.  I can't afford all the internet features that it can perform.  But the phone has a button that forces you to go on the internet, each time you so innocently graze it.  Thats what we call- annoying.WORST PHONE EVER.

Ok, let me start off by saying this is an excellent phone. There are many features, such as internet access, AIM, camera, video recorder, etc.Many reviews here are reviewing amazons selling of the phone, instead of actually reviewing the phone. The phone is NOT BAD! It is excellent, alot better than most phones on the market today. Reception is great, period. Many people in my family have Cingular as a plan, but no RAZR. They get terrible reception 90 percent of the time. I get 4-5 bars everywhere I go. No signal boosters, nothing. I have even gotten phone service in tunnels.So, if you are looking for an innovative, sleek looking, feature packed phone, then the RAZR is for you!

This phone looks good but beyond that, there's little to praise about. I've seen and used many cell phones and this is by far my least favorite as far as software and functionalities.Pros:Looks amazing, very slick!Cons:-Screen isn't very bright and the resolution isn't very good. I used to have a Sharp GX22 and Sharp makes the best screens by far! I'm really not used to the lack of screen quality in the V3.-Scrolling through the phonebook is a pain. This phonebook doesn't allow you to search with multiple letters. You can only scroll to the first letter of all names. So if you're searching for John for example, you'd have to start at the beginning of all the "J" names and slowly go down the list.-The camera is horrible. Even for a 300k pixel VGA camera, the pictures are all blurred. My Sharp GX22 has the same spec camera but pictures are much more clear. For a good camera, I would suggest Sharp GX32, Sony k750i, Sharp 902... or if you wanna spend a lot of money, get the Nokia N90 or Nokia 8800.-Motorola software is the least user friendly of all. Takes a while to get used to. In order to set speed dial numbers, you have to save the phone numbers to phone memory and then individually go into each contact and set the speed dial key.Overall, get this phone only if you're willing to put up with all the downsides. I'll probably use this phone for a year and then get one of the newer Nokias once the prices become more reasonable.

This phone is absolutly amazing! This phone is great if you want a reliable phone, packed with features.First of all, the case is so cool. The aluminum makes this phone super light and very sturdy. When I hold my friend's phones it feels weird, this case really does make a difference.If you text message, this phone will be a wonderful buy. The chemical-etched keypad makes this phone great for text messaging, and I really like the predicative text, it works great! Taking pitures with this phone is so easy, and even easier to send, you'll never be unable to share a moment again. This phone is so cool, you can play actual songs, really! The songs sound really good and it is hard to notice the difference from it and a stereo. If you are an avid cell phone gamer you need this phone, it supports 3D graphics!The battery life of this phone; especially with how many times I've used it. I got like 4 hours talk time. I love to show this phone off as much as I can, so my standby time is like non-existant for me.If you have Cingular, which why wouldn't you, you will love this phone. Everywhere I go I get superb reception. And dropped calls? None. This phone has one of the clearest call qualities I have ever experienced, you could hear a pin drop!This phone is possibly the best phone I have ever used; and I have used alot. This phone gets great reception, makes crystal clear calls, and is sure to impress anyone.

The Razr is all looks. If you are looking for a phone with all these capabilities, then you should look the other way. The most you can do with this phone is talk. All on all ......it's just a pretty phone........o yeah ....the camera is horrible!

I was encouraged to upgrade to this phone (from a Nokia phone) because of its features. After a month of use, I find this phone almost unacceptable. Yes, I realize that it is one of the best selling phones, but it has a lot of flaws--at least ones that the service provider was unable to correct. Here are the problems I've encountered:1. Security - I have set the phone to be locked and require a code when turned on. Alltel has verified my report that this is easily bypassed by simply closing the clamshell during the startup process. No code is needed, allowing anyone access to the phone and competely bypassing the security. This is a major flaw.2. Startup sound - unable to turn off. Unless the phone is in vibrate or silent, this loud, obnoxious series of tones sounds every time at startup and shutdown. Quite embarrassing in office  situations, and annoying if other places (church, restaurants, airplanes especially). Every other phone I've owned has allowed the user to turn it off. Alltel says the Razr cannot be silenced. Unacceptable for a businessman.3. Address book - what a mess. For each business contact, I have several phone numbers (cell, office, home, fax). Razr endeavors to create a plethora of multiple contacts with the same name just to store the variations. If I add email, I end up with 5-6 entries for a single contact. Nokia and LG allow one user entry with multiple phone numbers, making it easy to find a contact and select the appropriate number. Additionally, there is no way to enter an address for a user, or a note. If I put it in email, it gets rejected because it is not a proper format for an email. There is no where to put any notes at all.In short, the phone is an annoyance and I'm working with Alltel to exchange it primarily because of the security issue. I don't understand how it can be so popular with all the problems.

I have had 7 different phones in the past 3 years,and this by far is the best. Yes, we all know this phone looks incredible, but the features while great are not without fualt.  It can be tricky to find the video option.  Also the screen is somewhat sensitive to dirt and dust. The camera does take very high quality pictures though I did hear otherwise, the pictures and videos on the RAZR are as good or better than any other phone out there.  Overall, I give this phone 5 stars because it is a combo of the best features and is one the most recognizable cell phone ever made. I would reccomend the RAZR looking for a phone packed with features and good looks.

would love to buy this phone. but have an account with cingular and they say i have to wait till my account is up gradable but can't tell me when it is, or the months change every time i try to get the phone at a discount. but like your price and would like to purchase and upgrade my account for more peck time minutes

I have been using Cingular and have had no issues with reception with my Nokia 3550. However, with this phone which I've had for less than a month, I notice there is a high pitch  "whirling" static sound whenever I talk to someone either local or long distance. I don't believe it's Cingular's coverage, but something with the phone. I've read online reviews and other people who have bought this phone have had other issues with it as well. All I can say is do some further research before you buy it, looks are great but reception is more important.

Bought two black for wife and myself.  Couldn't be happier with them. And, after the rebate(s), they're FREE!!

i just got this phone in hong kong..i waited for the price reduction..kick ass phone!!!!

I bought this phone mainly for its looks and size.I don't need a phone that makes movies, opens the garage door, and communicates with the space station. This phone gets great reception and I have never had a dropped call. I get reception in places that my friends' phones won't even get a bar.This phone slips easily into my pocket and it looks great. Now that it has come down in price, I can't think of a reason that I wouldn't buy it again. It functions well and I have no complaints.

In my experience this is one of the nicest cell phones currently on the market. The Amazon rebate can't be beat for new customers, but if you do buy it, be prepared for some frustration. There can be some delays in the credit approval process since Amazon has to send your application through their portals to the Cingular people. Mine took about two weeks to get shipped out. They also gave me a phone number in the wrong area code originally, but this was easily fixed on the phone with Cingular Customer Service. The rebate takes forever to arrive, too. Don't even think about trying to get through to Amazon rebate status people over the phone...I tried numerous times and was left on hold for over twenty minutes. Never got an answer. The email support folks are very vague with their responses, too. Just be patient.As far as the phone goes, it's amazingly slender and gets lots of good looks from people. It has a lot of nice features. My biggest beef with the phone is that its vibrator is very weak (yes this sounds bad, but bear with me). Apparently small phones just can't produce very powerful vibrations due to the lack of available space for the motor. I have had it on vibrate in my pocket on numerous occasions, touching my leg, and not even noticed it ringing.One more note...I've learned that if you don't power cycle your phone (turn it off then back on) at least once every week or so, you'll start having some major reception issues. I, like many people, never turn my phone off. After about two weeks, the reception starts getting really bad, even in areas that had perfect reception before. I learned from tech support that the phone automatically downloads software updates, including signal patches, that are not implemented by your phone until you reset it.

First of all, let me clarify that I'm giving it 4 stars because I haven't had it for a long duration of time to give it the full 5 yet.A few other clarifications, another reviewer didn't like the analog clock on the screen. This is easily changed to digital when you initially set up the phone. Visit "settings" > "personalize" > "home screen" > select "clock" and choose between digital and analog.Another reviewer commented on caller id and "next call only". That is also very easily solved.This phone IS durable. The sound is good. Set-up took me 15 minutes tops. The camera takes good quality photos. My last phone was a motorola v553 and the camera was AWFUL. I also had to have the phone replaced FOUR times in less than ONE year.Overall, this is a great phone. It's smaller, of course, so it needs a little extra precaution as opposed to the thick phones that can be dropped over and over and suffer minor scrapes and such. The keyboard is thin like the rest of the phone, but it's durable. You don't have to handle it like it's an egg at all. Don't let the size deter you. If you treat the phone like it's meant to be treated, and take care of it as it is an expensive electronic, you won't have any trouble.The screen is huge and the color is GORGEOUS on the inside and outside screens. Everything is very easy to set-up and get working. I download true tone ringtones and the sound quality on this phone is the best yet and I've had motorolas, nokias, sony ericsons... all kinds.I'd highly recommend this phone. The only thing I can't comment on is the color. I got black and I love it, but I haven't seen any of the other colors in person.

this a telephone that is amazing!! it lets you talk to your friends and family and bill colelctors and such but with one thing thats really neat and that is the fact that you do not have to plug this phone into the wall!!!! i did not believe this when my brother told me that it could do that but i saw it on the cable news shows and now i believe!! isn't ssiences an amazing thing???!!! wouldnt you like to have a phone that you can take to the store that does not have a chprd attatched to it!!! i love tecnologyy!!!

I have had this phone for about 3 months now, and I love it. For the camera it's got, it takes great pictures (if you want print quality pics, get a digital camera). The video camera is an awesome feature, too. Mine didn't come with the video enabled, but I figured out how to mod the phone, so that's ok.I think one of the things I love most about this phone is the ease of customizing it to fit my personality. With Motorola's Mobile Phone Tools software and a USB cable (neither is included, which is why I only gave it 4 stars) you can put your own ringtones, graphics, etc. on the phone.The only quirk I've noticed is that sometimes the phone 'hides' phone numbers that have been stored in my address book, but I'm sure they'll figure this out soon!Overall, I'm very satisfied with the phone and it's functionality. I had realistic expectations (I don't expect a mobile phone to do more than make calls, really), and it exceeded all of them.

I loved the phone ever since my dad bought it for me over the summer. I read the manual 2 times but i could never find out how to record video on it. Help Please!!

This phone is barely acceptable as a phone only.  The camera cannot be used without incurring data charges since there is no way to get the pictures off the phone.  This is the only device I have ever owned that had a USB port and no way to use it.  THE USB PORT IS USELESS WITHOUT PAYING AN ADDITIONAL $30USD for ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE.  I have been unable to get the device drivers to allow me to copy files/pictures/address book entries/anything to/from this phone and Windows.I spent more than two HOURS on the phone with both Cingular and Motorola support with nothing to show for it.  I cannot consider buying another product as poorly supported as this.

Initially I did not want to purchase this phone, because I thoughtit would not be very durable.  However, I wanted totry a phone with blue tooth.  The phone fit nicely in mypocket, and seems to have nice quality sound with my cingularservice.  However, the volume is somewhat low.  Also, it isvery hard to see the screen in outdoor light.  I then selectedone of the pictures I took to use as the background on thescreen.  By the way, the picture quality is just so so onthe V3.  Supposedly, the V3C is better, but this was not aoption through Cingular.  After setting up the background,I noticed the phone screen would go blank when I opened thehandset.  I actually had to power down, then turn it backon to get the screen to come back on.  This was very annoying.I finally figured out that if I switched back to the originalmotorola background, then this problem disappered.  however,I have two phones, which I purchased at the same time, about1/29/2006.  The other phone has had consistent problems withpowering off for no reason all the time.  Now, the straw thebroke the camels back is my phone does not power on anymore.I even tried using the other battery which was charged butwith no success.  I finally called Cingular, and they aregoing to send me some new replacement razor phones this week.I only wish I would have not gone against my better judgement,and purchased a more durable proven phone.

Dont buy it, its plastic, its all a trick, false advertising, thats why its cheap. dont buy it, its not metal like it says.

I know the Razr V3 isn't the newest of phones and that a replacement for it will be available soon; but I must say this. The Razr V3 black is the best phone I have ever owned. From its great features to its sturdy build, the Razr V3 may look fragile but looks can be deceiving.I have had my Razr V3 for nearly a month. Prior to owning the Razr I owned a Sidekick II and was a t-mobile customer. I gave into the Paris Hilton hype and got a Sidekick but after I bad service and a device that malfunctioned often I decided I needed to move on and I fell in love with the Motorola Razr V3.As many of you should already know the V3 is a super thin light weight and stylish phone. When you first get it you are afraid to hold it the wrong way in fear that you may break it. However the phone is sturdy and built well. I dropped mine, no I didn't do it on purpose but she fell to the ground and after a few moments of desperation wondering if I scratched or broke the phone I decided to Pick it up and to my relief not even a scratch was on it. So the V3 is defiantly built to last and like I already said it may look fragile but looks can be deceiving and in the case of the V3 are deceiving.The phone also gets great reception and the call quality is good. People do not complain as much as they use to when I had my sidekick about not being able to hear me. I can also hear people better. The V3 also has a speaker phone that works really well.The V3 has a load of features; camera phone, dual display, video camera, voice recorder are just a few of the features available.Let us start with the camera. It has both still and video capabilities with a 4 x digital zoom. The picture quality is fantastic for a Camera phone and better than some digital cameras I have seen over the years but it still is just a camera phone. The video portion of the camera is good as well the video is clear and sound quality is good, but don't plan to shoot any home videos with it. The most you will get is a 6 second clip. Perfect, for a Multimedia Message. Multimedia messaging allows you to send a Video message or a picture to a friend with another phone that has the ability to view pictures of videos. MSMS as it's called is basically an upgrade to traditional text messaging, or as I like to call it. Texting on Extacy!There is also a voice recorder great for those of us with bad memories or if you need to take a memo really fast.The phone also has dual displays. What are dual displays? Well it just means the phone has two screens. The V3 is a flip phone so there is a small color screen on the outside and a larger screen inside.The outer display is shows the same information the inner display does. Both share the same background. The inner display is 176 x 220 pixel, up to 260K TFT Color, the inner display is 96 x 80 pixel, 4k CSN Color.The inner display is great for mobile gaming. I recently reviewed Crash Bandicoot: Tag Team Racing and was amazed at how bright the display can be and how fast the displays graphic accelerator was. Gameplay with the phone is easier than you think. You can use the navigation keys or number keys to play the game. The games seem to be pretty responsive to the controls.The phone is also Bluetooth enabled allow you to sync data with your PC or another phone via a Bluetooth connection or connect a wireless headset to your phone. I have tried the Plantronics Voyager 510 headset with the V3 and they work great together. I can get up to 100 feet away from my phone before any signal degradation.Now with any new phone a lot of people worry about the types of ring tones they can get on to their phone. MP3 or Poly is the question. With the V3 you can get either or onto your phone and if you purchase the Motorola Phone Tools software you can create your own ring tones.Before I end this review we must talk about the battery life. The V3 has excellent battery life. Up to 4 hours of talk time and 10 days of stand by time. I do not think I have seen my battery status go below three bars and I am one heavy talker. Another thing I have noticed about the V3 and its battery is that it doesn't heat up. On my other phones after about half an hour of talking the back of the phone where the battery is and the ear piece would be hot. With the V3 there is no heating what so ever.Overall the phone is great and I have no complaints. I love the phone and would recommend it to everyone. So if you want a Razr V3 black head over to cingular and get one :).

I purchased my first Razr in September 2005. December 2005 a black screen with a lot of numbers and codes appeared. I could not use the phone at all. Two or three weeks later Motorola sent the repaired phone back. Last week, June 2006, my "new" phone started with the black screen, numbers and codes. I contacted Motorola and Cingular about the problem. I received another phone in 2 days (I paid for the speedy delivery).The bottom line is even though the phone is less than a year old, if I have problems with the new phone, I will get a replacement phone that has been refurbished. The Cingular service rep said that I could not get another phone at this time. They know that the phone is a lemon. I absolutely hate Cingular service and policies. I wish they had some serious competition down here. The other companies are a joke in this area. They are worse than Cingular. I like the size and weight of the Razr, but it would be a bonus if it actually worked.

Same problem reported by others below: enjoyed my phone for about 48 hours before it died forever with the "unable to charge" message. Would have given it four stars if it actually worked...

the phone is pretty cool. one of the MAJOR problems i have with it though is with the messaging. when you are typing a text message you can very easily erase the whole thing the way the buttons are configured. i have erased countless messages because of this. i also don't like that the phone stores only 10 calls in the calls list...both received and dialed.

THis phone is so good.  IT is also very cool and i was worried that i would have to buy a service plan with the phone but i did not have to which was great because i wanted to use my old sim card.  THis phone is as good as they all say it is.

This cell phone is really sharp and gets a lot of attention, but when I first got it, the screen malfuntioned a few times the first 2 days I got it. Sinse then it has been fine, I wish the screen on the outside was brighter though. This review pertains to the Black Razr.

This is the best phone in the world! I love it so much! I'm telling you to get this phone.Everytime you look at it you get chills up your spine.Just look at it. You know you want it.If you think the price is too much just go to Sam's Club and get it for only $98.87,Yes that's the price. So go and get a black razr phone and it will change your life FOREVER!!!

I had purchased my RAZR phone just this past weekend and I must say that I am quite impressed.  I was a little hesitant to buy the phone due to some people seeking out flaws but then I said well every cell phone is going to have its flaws.  I have friends who have them and have said that they love theirs and have had them since they had first been on the market.As far as everything goes it is a very good phone and at a good price for such a good phone.  My first call on the phone was as clear as day and the ringers you can hear very well!  The advantage of two LCD screens is that you can take advantage of the camera, close the flip and take a picture of yourself!  (Not that I do.)  You can also take pictures of people who are listed in your phone book and when they call you their picture appears on the external display.The speakerphone feature is also very good, loud and people on the other line can hear you very well also.The only thing I find lacking in the phone is its ability to display fingerprints on the displays and buttons.  Due to its making of metal on the outside finish and nickel copper plating for its number pad, it is very easy to spot fingerprints and it can be quite embarassing to you when you are showing off your phone to other people.  (Not trying to sound fashion like).Overall, the phone is an absolute marvel from Motorola and I was very indeed pleased and impressed when I recieved mine!

The sound quality on this phone is excellent. It's far better than any land line I've ever used. Communication between two RAZR phone's are crystal clear. I love the sound quality.This phone is also a great phone for doing just about everything you could possibly think of on a phone. In conjunction with the $30 functionality software for integrating with the PC, you can make your own ring tones, manage files, add personalized photo's, etc.However, there is a problem with this phone that makes me a little nutty. The software on this phone has a memory leak. If the phone is left 'on' in the on position, ie the phone is on but in the 'hibernate' mode, and not shut down via the red power button, the phone will take on a behavior all it's own. Since my cell phone is also my 'home' phone, I leave the phone on all the time and simply recharge when necessary. I've noticed several times where the phone would not follow commands from buttons properly, or, the volume chooser will go up and down and up and down on it's own. In every instance just 'shutting down' the phone didn't resolve the problem. The phone needed to be shut down for 5 minutes or more, an irritation for sure.I'd say that the development staff for the software on this computer need to perform further testing when the phone is left on all of the time.

I have just read most of the one-star and two-star reviews here on Amazon and feel I needed to add my two cents.I got my RAZR from a Cingular store in NYC back in July. I have been satisfied since then. Cingular's reception in NYC is great with this phone. I have never had a call "lost" or dropped. Everyone says that Verizon is the best; however, one of my roommates has Verizon and does not even get reception in the apartment.The volume on the phone is fine; I disagree with most of the one-star and two-star reviews on that feature. The speakerphone is also great.This is my only phone; it is my work and home phone. As a traveling consultant, I have used it successfully on several interviews over the past five months, without any issues during any of those calls.The only inconvenience is that the screens easily get smudges and fingerprints on it, which is not a huge issue to me.The phone works well in NYC. I highly recommend it.

While this phone is thin, it is too bulky to handle, and seems flimsy. Its also hard to navigate through common features such as the alarm clock, and the camera isn't great. I wouldn't recommend it for this price. This phone seems almost archaic, like one of those really old cell phones, but just with a camera tacked onto it...

I used to work for an authorized cell phone dealer. the v3 and motorola in general were the most troublesome. Motorola seems to be in the business of high mark ups and cheap quality (clever marketing tool). They are very sleek and trendy phones, but they just don't last.I have never seen so many people come back with the same problems on these phones. There is a lot of high tech stuff, but its simply too much for such a thin phone. In my experience, too much technology causes headaches especially with cell phones. For Motorola and the V3 in particular, everything from the screens (especially the screens), to the features, to the multimedia are potential for problems. you are asking for it, if you choose motorola.Phones like this are given out for free for two reasons, they are cheaply made, and  they are bait to get you to sign a new two year contract (this is where the money is). Do not let some salesman try to sell you on a phone so willing to break on you.

the phone is bad...the battery life terrible...barely 24 hrs...and worst is that when is i went to the cingular store to get things rectified..not only were the sales rep(from whom we got the ph) rude and impolite but also gave us a hard time.we cancelled the service and returned the phone...so good luck...if u are planning on going with cingular.ps cingular has the WORST customer service i ve come across.they just wont listen to u...

I originally bought the Razr, and then exchanged it for the Ericsson w600i. I definitely recommend the Ericsson over the Razr. The camera is much better in the Ericsson, it has a lot more memory, and its menu system is much easier to operate. The ericsson  comes with cable and software to connect it to the PC, for the Razr I had to buy the $80 Datapilot software.

Hardware 10 , Sofware: 7. Average : 8.5The functions should be easier to manage.I would appreciate if it could have a radio.But talking about design it is almost perfect. It is extremely slim , what I really appreciate.

I have heard a lot of talk about this phone being flimsy and not working properly. This is hardly the case as I've now been the clumsy butterfingered owner of this wonderful phone over a year. Perhaps it was blessed by God? It came with a great little program called "Motorola Phone tools", and with it I can take any mp3 I want and make a ringtone.The only problem I've experienced with this phone (other than having crappy Cingular service, which you don't have to have but my father got some stupid deal at work so I'm stuck with it) is the quality of it's pictures. Though the ones I've taken were ok, it seemed when I zoomed in to see something, it shrunk the picture. But before I even take a star off for this, can anyone name me a camera phone that takes quality pictures? I can't. Perhaps I'm biased, though, as I don't really care about taking pictures.As a person who usually had a horrible time handling electronics, this phone came as a pleasant surprise.

I think we can all agree hat this phone is one of the coolest on the market. that would be why I got it. but the more and more I use it, I'm glad I got it, because it has so many features. speakerphone is a definitely really helpful and cool tool. people have a hard to time telling when I'm on speakerphone since it's such good quality.I love this phone, it's great, and the only thing I can complain about is that it scratches kind of easily...but they don't show up that easily. so this a good bet for everyone.**see constomuer photos**

A friend at work had one of the silver RAZRs since winter, and it never failed to attract attention; hey, can i play with your phone?The way it feels and the keys function are so -good-, this phone is wonderful hardware.Like many people i feel the software is week, specifically the address book.  That a first-class design in hardware should have such second rate software is a crime.  Those who have mentioned the weakness of only searching phone book entries need to google for the new firmware update; Motorola has released new firmware which enables the video camera feature {locked in early Cingular branded phones} and also enables searching the addres book by more than one letter.  Still no fix for the "multiple entries required to store more than one number per contact" issue, though, and THAT is a crime and a shame.  I'm personally going to deal with it though, my new RAZR is black, and SWEET to hold.The call dropping issue is strictly regional; here in the SF area coverage between Cingular and AT&T; towers is phenominal.  There are some hilly areas with dropout, but in the past year our coverage has increased wonderfully.  The speaker phone is amazing, clear and strong.  Friends at work was great, and I'm happy with my sound quality as well.The bottom edge of the phone is not aluminum, that bit is painted titanium.  Cool, but my friends phone had tiny nicks and chips due to being carried in his pocket with keys.  Search for cellular skins, there are some AMAZING stick-on (removable & non-damaging) skins to protect and customize your RAZR.  if you can bear to cover it up!I got a black this past week and picked up a cute clear plastic case on EBay for cheap.  I figure I'll keep mine covered.  Would be a crime to damage this baby.It's not as good a camera as some phones.  It doesn't have the software capability of a PocketPC or Smartphone.  But.. it's a PHONE.  It's a great phone!  The camera is there for spontaneous snaps, and once I got the hang of the menus it was thumbs-up and blogging... what a treat, e-mailing photos instantly to an online blog!Check out the Motorola Modders website if you want to "unbrand" your Cingular or T-Mobile phone - removing the annoying logos & proprietary info in the software.  MotoModders is also good for tips on how to update your firmware if your local storefront is too stupid to know how to do it {they're out there, the GOOD stores where the staff is tech savvy, but the bad ones outnumber them}.I think this is a great phone; if you're not a "road warrior" needing e-mail and document editing or more than java programs on your mobile, and if Cingular/AT&T; coverage is good in your area, you'll love it.  4 stars rather than 5 because Motorola are lazy cows who won't provide decent address book software, more memory, better camera.

I purchased this item a while back, but I remember that it was great item.  I would definitely recommend it. After 10 years, I still have ATT.

I finally decided to purchase the Razr based on the facts that my current service is not very good in my are, my GF has Cingular(free wireless to wireless), the Razr had tons of cool features, my old phone's battery is dead, and it's the only phone that came close to the thinness of my Sanyo SCP 6200.  Well, I have had this phone for  about 4 days, and I am planning on returning it as soon as the replacement battery for my scp 6200 arrives.  I expected a brand new phone to have better audio clarity than my 4 year old phone.  The sound is so weak, even with the vloume all the way up, that I can not hear anything if there is the slightest amount of background noise, like when driving.......Extremely disappointing.  I'm also concerned with durability, I have a tendency to drop my phones and the V3 does not seem very sturdy.  My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.  Luckily, I found a place to buy a battery for it for only $10.00!  In short, unless you have superb hearing(suprman) I would avoid this phone.  All of the whiz-bang gadgets are useless if the item won't even preform it's main duty of being a phone.  I have also learned that my previous provider is expanding coverage in my are, so I'm glad I didn't cancel my service with them.

I loved the sleek shape of this phone.From the ad itself you can realise how easy it is to actually put it in your pants without any discomfort.The battery life is however very less if you had to compare this with nokia phones.The phone does look very delicate at times and would not be an ideal phone for people who are prone to rough handling of phones.The keypad is very big and helps in easy text messaging. I like the small display window outside which gives a minituarized look of whats on your screen.I bought the black Razr and it just looks very nice.The screen does get greasy when ya touch it, so the screen would be better protected in its original plastic covering.All in all a good phone for people who want to make a style statement.

Bought two of them for my wife and I. Great reception in comparison to my previous carrier. I have the black and my wife the silver. Reception is excellent throughout my area. No problem with battery life as I have had to charge them only about every four days. Got them on a one year contract. Cost a little more but I wanted only one year in case of difficulties. So far I am extremely pleased with the performance and functions that the phone provides. They are available through the cellular dealer in Sams Club for $99.00 on a two year contract or through WalMart for $84.00 on a two year contract. A one year contract will cost you about $40.00 more. Great phone.

I don't know why motorola insists on not changing its standard interface on their phone's, the only remarkable caracteristic of this phone was its stylish look, after that it jsut another chep Motorola phone.

Everyone says, so cool... but guess what.. it is not!I am very disappointed. I like the look and some cool features. But the phone's basic feature is to connect to other people and make your life easier not complicated.It fails in delivering these very basic needs. I can't throw (return) it as it started giving problem after a month, therefore I have to live with it. I thought that it was because I moved to a different area. But no! That area is the high bandwidth area - according to Cingular people. I have changed the phone twice so far and I am in the process of changing it third time. I have got refurbished phone, which I never wanted. Surprisingly my room-mate is having the cingular service too and he has Nokia 3600 which never disconnects, but his motorola v551 disconnects.Mine disconnets anytime- after dialing or receiving, while talking or while driving.Definitely screen is not visible in daylight!You can barely hear what other person is saying (thank god I have Bluetooth - a great help or use speaker phone so that everybody else can hear too!!).But the sad part is that the phone becomes extremely hot, while using bluetooth!! As if you kept it under direct sunlight for long hours! Which means that the battery is dying fast.Using address book is little disappointing as it uses just first letter to search. Therefore if you have 50 names with 'S' then sometimes you may have to press 'S' upto 25 times to get the right name.There are limited nos. of voice dialing ( I thing it is 10).If I keep the phone in my jeans pocket, then it beeps while sitting or shifting (no! it's not a feature!).Many of my friends have asked me to throw it as they are irritated too (I don't blame them because it disconnets me many times while talking to them).But sometimes it works amazingly well(why can't you work all the time, you dummy!).It's screen is bigger and it is lighter and thinner than other phones.Very stylish and attractive. Different kind of ringtones.As long as you don't know or come across the downside of this phone, you will love it for sure.It's like - Neighbor's Envy, Owner's Cry!This is my biased opinion based on what I am going through. I know many people like this phone, but I am not here to praise. I am just here to inform that what you may get into, so that you can make an informed decision.Good luck in getting the working model of this one!I am hoping that I will get one, one fine day!

I was skeptical of buying the RAZR because of the reviews here.  I bought it anyway, and I am very satisfied so far.  It's thin and doesn't have an antenna sticking up which makes it perfect for people who keep their phone in their front pocket.  It's also a good phone for people with big hands.  It's actually pretty wide and when folded open it's long enough that you're taking into the receiver instead of talking into the air.The phone feels very sturdy.  The outside is aluminum and the keypad is copper.  One guy said it was not metal, which is a lie.  It does have some plastic, but most of the outer surfaces are metal (obviously there is plastic covering the screen).  Some people said Cingular wouldn't replace the phone and wouldn't give people the insurance option with this phone, which isn't true.One reviewer says you can't go from "Loud" to "Vibrate" without making a lot of noise. This is not true. The volume rocker on the left is a shortcut to change sound profiles, and will demonstrate the ring volume when you hit it, but you can just change the profile through the menu instead.A few reviewers ranted about the camera.  I'm actually pretty impressed with how well it adjusts to various lighting conditions.  Why complain about a 640x480 camera when the screen is 176x220?  Even if it was a 5MP camera it would still be a phone without good optics or a flash, so why bother?  Get a real camera if you want good pictures.Some reviewers complained about reception.  I have good coverage in my area and the RAZR is slightly better than my last Nokia.  Voices sound a little more natural and I have 5 bars of signal at least as often.Some people complained about call volume.  If you have hearing problems this could be a legitimate complaint since the max volume seems pretty regular to me.  It's loud enough for me to hear with the window down in my car, though, and you can always switch to speakerphone.  The speakerphone can get extremely loud.One guy complained that it wouldn't charge via USB.  The phone comes with a piece of paper that specifically says that if you run the battery down completely it can't recharge via USB.One guy complained that it takes forever to scroll through contacts.  The address book fits 7 contacts on the screen at a time, and when you scroll past the bottom it does get slow (it only scrolls 2 lines per second), but you can go directly to any letter with the keypad, and you can make all kinds of caller groups, so if you're manually scrolling through pages and pages of contacts you're too lazy to figure out the phone.

This is a LOUSY phone. I have had it for 3 months now and it has given me so many problems and caused me so much inconvenience that I cannot even list all of them here. Here's a list of some of the problems I have had with it, apart from the fact that it has a bad UI....1. The phone has frozen on me about 6 times so far. I have to remove the battery, wait for 30 seconds and insert it again to reset the phone.2. Most of the times I make a call I get a lot of static noise and the line goes blank.3. In the past week or so, the battery has been draining out completely everyday (Remember the phone is only 3 months old)4. Each time the battery drains out and the phone shuts off, all my ringer settings etc gets reset to the default ringer tone, volume etc.I have already asked Cingular to replace my phone. Unfortunately they r going to send me another Razr, I would have preferred a different model; less cooler, but one that works. My previous phone, which was a black & white screen basic old phone (Samsung), was far more reliable than this one. Just today I overheard somebody's conversation about wanting to buy a Razr and I discouraged her from doing so. I am happy about it :-)

It might look cool but it has really bad reception!!!  It buzzes in my ear when I talk to someone!!!

This phone has defanitaly made my entire year. I received this phone as a birthday present and I am throughly encompassed with its slick and sensible graphics and layout, respectivly. The calls are incredibly clear, even from my room. My room usually only gets about 2 bars of Cingular service give or take (unfortunatly) and with the RAZR I get about 4 (give or take once again). I have had several good comments on the camera, even though other such reviewers on this site have said differently. It may not have the megapixels that some techincally advanced people would have liked to have, I myself do not posess such needs, and the camera has throughly impressed me compared with my friends phones. The phone has great ringtones, and like most phones posseses the ability to use your mp3's of your computer and use them as a ringtone(although I have only attempted this one time and miserably failed) The size is what I bought the phone for of course, (along with the ultimate prestige of having it) and size is something I DIDNT get! The phone is SO thin, and although rather long when opened is a PHENOMENAL addition to any cell phone that Motorola has ever produced. It slides in my pocket with the greatest ease I have ever seen! All in all the VERY best phone I have ever experienced and probably will experience for a great time.

I bought this phone and had nothing but trouble with it from day one. The feature that did not work was the clock. There is no way to set the clock on this phone and the clock was always either off by two hours or the clock didn't work at all. I have returned this cell phone twice and decided to go with a different brand.

This phone is simply awesome! I have had it about 10 months now and I have never had any problems with it. The wide screen is great so the camera feature can be used to it's full potential. I also LOVE how ultra thin it is. I am not allowed to have my cell phone with me at work but because my Razr is so this I have had it in my back pocket every SINGLE day any no one has noticed! :) I like how I can set a pic to each person and when they call me I can see their name and picture on the front of the phone before I even open it! I highly recommend this phone.

Its been only two weeks since I got my Razr phones (two of them).And I hear a low frequency sound when I keep close to my ear. both my phones I can hear the sound. You can clearly hear the sound when you dont use the phone.Its annoying. Other wise its nice and compact.

I took the SIM out of my RAZR and put it in a Nokia 6201i which works fine. I did this becuase:1. Earpiece volume on RAZR was so bad phone was useless2. Nearest repair site was 167 miles south of Silicon Valley purchase site3. The Motorola support web site indicated that the phone was in warranty but when I tried to complete an online service request the web software edited my zip code as invalid( and continued to do so over a three week period after I reported it to their phone support staff and is still doing it) Without valid zip form will not  process)4. Phone support for my problem has been useless-the phone will rot in its box, life is to short!

I like the features of this phone. It has bluetooth, camera, yahoo IM, web browser, etc. The picture quality of the camera is below average, however. I would say it would be equal to what was average quality maybe 7 or 8 years ago. Not good. The pictures are dark and you cannot focus on the subject very well. The bluetooth works well so far as does the web features. It is slow to access the web though. Small picture files take about 30 seconds to send.The phone is very thin when opened hence the name RAZR. The black one that I have (I am sure they are all like this) is made of thin plastic and breaks very easily. If you drop this phone, and you will, it will probably break. Make sure that you get insurance on this phone when you buy it.  In comparison, I had a Nokia and another Motorola in 2005 and probably dropped them a total of 50 times and neither ever broke. Also, the hinge seems flimsy, so it could break during heavy use. Be careful.[Note: There is a $50 deductible for insurance claims. ]I have Cingular and the service is good. I did break the top portion of my phone already. I did get the insurance, so it is supposed to be covered. The reception is OK in MD. Not great. I cannot get reception near mountains very good. That may be expected.  I like the phone, but think it is very fragile. I would not recommend this phone unless you like the style and need bluetooth. Other phones are more rugged. The Nokia my wife got is a much better phone, but does not have the bluetooth option. I wanted that, so that's why I bought this phone. Check out other bluetooth enabled phones before making this purchase.The bluetooth syncs well with my Mac Mini and I can share files and pictures between the phone and computer. This should work equally well with other bluetooth devices and PCs. The pictures that I brought into iPhoto from the phone could not be easily touched up and almost always overexposed.Overall, great styling, good features, OK reception, but fragile and will break unless you are very very careful.

***NEW INFO***I certainly don't expect the average phone user to go through all this, but for the "geeks" out there, the RAZR is one of the most heavily "modified" (meaning hacked) phones out there.Hacked in the good way. I've only had it a week but I've discovered (and succesfully been able to) how to:Increase the speaker volume past the "max". You can actually make it so loud it might break the speaker!Enable the video camera. That's right, this phone can shoot video. It isn't spectacular quality or anything, but it's a lot better than none.Put on amazing graphic skins that will make everyone green with envy.Boost reception significantly.Change the cingular logo in the outer screen to anything you want.Change the startup and shut down (helomoto) animations to anything you want.Install a zillion free java games and apps. You never need pay for one again.Make contacts searchable by more than one letter.Remove as much of the stock junk (pics, videos) that comes withthe phone, DRAMATICALLY increasing memory.Oh yeah, you can now get a battery with TWICE the capacity as the stock unit.And about 50 other things I can't even remember. All you need is to have the phone unlocked (about $25 at your local 'hole in the wall' cellular shop) a usb cable and a little time to learn how.Several of my friends have the stock RAZR which everyone else thought was cool enough. But now mine is the one to beat. Lol.For the interested, just start a google search and follow the links.***END NEW INFO***I just got this phone a couple of days ago after switching from cricket.  Cricket was ok at first, it was cheap no contract etc.  But for some reason, suddenly reception at my house (and I work from home with my cell as my only line) went from good to horrible.  Cricket was 3 or 4 bars in my house when I got it, but the last month I have been lucky to get 1.So, I decided to switch plans.  After some review it looked like cingular was the best option in terms of features.  I signed up and got the razr for $100.You people complaining of easily understood features must be morons.  Like this Mensa student:****************On the bottom right corner of the main screen you have AIM (AOL Instant messenger), I dont use AIM and i dont need it there. It doesnt make any sense, not everybody who buys this phone use AIM. It should have been more like a Address Book or something. If you want to store more than 1 phone number for the same person(e.g. home, mobile) it shows up as 1 entry for each in the address book making the phone list complicated.***************Uh yeah, the AIM button is a HOTKEY!!  YOU CAN EASILY CHANGE IT TO ANYTHING!!Also, try opening the manual and read all about how to make multiple address book entries for the same person sort by PRIMARY CONTACT (thus displaying only one per person).  I mean, seriously...As to the phone itself and service....Well after cricket everything seems hyper cool.  I can now get email on the go, go on the web if needed (unlikely) and so forth.The cingular + razr reception and clarity seems very good to me, but I do live in a major market city.  Time will tell how it is when I travel to smaller areas.  However, cricket only worked in my home area anyway (one of the reasons it was so cheap).Maybe it's just my ears but my old phone and many others I have used alwyas sounded like a tin can.  I often had a hard time hearing people until I plugged in a headset who's speaker had more of a low end.  The razr sounds really good as is which is a plus.I would have liked the option for a standard 2.5mm wired headset, since the proprietary one motorola makes is one of those sucky, fall out of your ear kind with mike on the wire.  Guess I'll get a bluetooth.So to sum up:Slick phoneNice screenSounds GoodGood receptionSome people are too stupid for modern technology

This phone is very slim am dissatisfied with the speaker volume. try out before you buy.

I switched from a Motorola StarTac to a RAZR.  I am very disappointed.Problems:1.  The screens (inside and out) wash out and are unreadable in even moderate sunlight.2.  It is very hard to hear a conversation without positioning the phone very carefully3.  The white-on-silver number keys are hard to see in the sunlight4.  The information on the outside screen, like calling number, is displayed in text that is too small to read if you normally use reading glasses5.  There is no way to tell the phone's status with a glance at a distance.  On the StarTac there is an LED that blinks green-green when the phone is on and normal.  Blinking red indicates a missed call, message waiting or no signal.  On the RAZR you have to pick up the phone and push a button to see this information.  Once the RAZR was off for a day and I did not notice, because I did not push the button to check.6.  The control buttons are on opposite sides of the phone, so when holding the phone in your hand to press the button on one side you tend to also press one or more button(s) on the opposite side.  In fact, it is very easy to press the buttons just trying to open the phone.7.  The tone when dialing numbers is so soft that it is impossible to hear if there is any background noise.  This results in mis-dialed numbers.That said, I do like its thinness

The RAZR isn't the white-hot pay-through-the-nose product that it once was, and other ultra-thin phones have come out since, but the titanium casing is still the standard for fashion, and the black is just timeless.  Add to that the price of a big fat $0 with a Cingular contract when you order through Wirefly, and what's not to like?

A pretty damn good looking phone.However not the sturdiest of phones, My phone fell in the theatre from the seat height and the battery came loose. Also fairly slow software and the mic is definitely sub par.

Finally, Got my new phone. Love it love it. slightly wider than expected but it's really razor thin. Never a fan of motorola phones until know. Highly recommend this and the new PEBL?

i used to love motorola clamshell phones. i used to have the original star-tac, i even loved my v-60. HOWEVER. the RAZR was such a disappointment. after reading the other bad reviews, i still committed to the phone since i had such great experiences with past motorola phones - that was a mistake. worst cell phone ever. it's uncomfortable to hold, and the service through cingular is spotty.

I think just about every pat of this phone has already been written about. This is a great phone with a pretty intuitive interface (though, that doesn't go for the Verizon version from what I've seen). The one downside is that call volume could stand to be louder, especially if one is in a crowded area. A bluetooth headset effectively eliminates this problem.Speaking of bluetooth, I was supremely impressed by how open Cingular left the bluetooth options (again, the Verizon interface differs in this respect). You're able to transfer any wallpaper, ringtones, and videos on and off with ease.The only hurdle is pairing the phone for the first time. The trick is to initiate pairing on the PC while the bluetooth connection is active. For example, send a file from the phone to your PC (using the "copy" function while a file is selected) and quickly initiate pairing from your PC. You only have to go through this once, after that everything is a breeze. Hope that helps anyone who was as stuck as I was. EDIT: I just realized that this works best with the Broadcom/HP Bluetooth stacks I use on my laptop, if I figure it out for the MS default stacks, I'll post on it.

the only real problem with this phone is that it has been over-sensationalized on TV and other media. The guys at motorola who designed this phone knew that style sells, and if your buying this phone for functionality over design, you need to spend more money and get a more functional phone. Let's be realistic people, it's a PHONE! and as a phone it functions flawlessly.  If you want to access the internet, use your computer or laptop; if you want to take a picture use a real camera. Don't blame your phone for bad reception, blame yor wireless provider. The volume is not too low, you people who complain about this must be deaf. I am in the Army and in field artillery and I can hear on this phone and my bluetooth headset just fine..in fact I have had to turn the volume down when indoors. I'd give it 5 stars but there is one thing I don't like about it...everyone is always asking to see it!

I'VE HAD THIS PHONE SINCE CHRISTMAS AND I HAVE HAD TO GET A NEW BATTERY TWICE! I HARDLY EVER TALK ON IT, AND IF I DO, IT'S FOR LESS THAN A MINUTE.MY PHONE WILL SHOW ONE BAR EVEN AFTER A WHOLE NIGHT OF CHARGING. AND IT TURNS OFF WHENEVER IT FEELS LIKE IT.I AM SO FED UP WITH THIS THING.PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!

The phone and wireless headset are cool! The headset is loud when I pump up the handsfree volume on the phone and crank up the volume on the headset too. Ive had the $260 items for two weeks from Cingular. The phone is great for calls and the speakerphone works great. Nice screen and easy menus, bluetooth connects within 3 seconds, havent dropped a call yet.Complaints: the headset feels like it is going to fall off but it hasnt yet. The overear arm is just poorly designed. I have to handsfree mute from the phone. Every three days or so- phone turns off and resets for five seconds. Camera quality is a 3.5 out of 10.I would buy the gear again but not pay more than $175 for both items.

What a phone if you cannot listen what other person is saying. Razor's volume level, while listening is so low that you have to guess what other person is saying. I bought this phone 15 days back and thought I have got a defective piece, so I requested for a replacement which I got (Thanks to Amazon) but to my surprise even the second phone has the same problem. To confirm my problem I called one of my friend who was having Razor, and he confirmed me that Razor has sound issue...  You just cannot listen what other person is saying on the phone. It is worst if you are driving in the car even if all the windows are closed. Just to make sure that still there may be some solution to this problem I called Motorola Technical Support and they also confirmed this problem in "some of the phones". What they offered me is repairs to correct the issue which didn't sound quite true because it was a new brand phone and I saw 3 phones with the same problem.I think people who say good about it use the phone for all other things except to talk. Beware.... You don't want a phone which cannot perform what primarily it is supposed to do.

The look of this phone is great, but reception, the menu, and contact list are terrible.  I can not recommend this phone unless it is a secondary phone that you need to be super slim.  Motorola also makes you pay $30 for their sync software which is horrible as well.

Overall I agree with the "cool" features of most of the reviewers.  My problems are:1.  The phone book lists every entry seperately (example if I put my husbands work and mobile in my phone, the address book lists 2 entries, Husband and Husband 1)  This can be fixed by setting one number as primary and setting book to only show primaries, but then if you want to see other numbers you have to go back thru the settings and set to view all numbers, then set it back again after you view the number you want.  This is a very annoying feature for me.2.  The ringer volume is terrible.  I have tried different ringtones, but still don't hear it if it is in my purse, or if I'm in the grocery store with it in my pocket or in my car. Never had that problem with my Nokia.3.  The vibrate feature is so light, even when the phone is in your jeans pocket you can barely feel a flutter.  My Nokia you could feel the vibrate and sometimes even hear the vibrations.

I have to say that especially in aesthetics, this phone tops all others. However, over the last 5 months, I have had a couple of issues with some things.The main thing I can't get over is the fact that they say you can use your own mp3s as ringtones, but it is so difficult to do. I sent them via email to my phone, but they all sound like they're underwater. They automatically get converted to .amr files @ 8 kbps. (I also had to pay for the data transfer and multimedia message every time I sent one to my phone.)I'm sure it would work better if I had Motorola Phone Tools installed on my PC, but somehow, I think I'll suffer without so I don't have to pay the extra $29.99 (not quite an outrageous price, but after buying this phone, I can afford little else). And that does not include the USB cable.My next major rant is about the camera. I love having a camera on my phone so I can picture message people and such, but I wish the camera were of a better quality. It can't handle too much light, and it can't handle not enough light. It can only handle a narrow-ish range of light. A good number of my pictures come out nearly all white or all black. But I guess having the phone weight a mere 3.26 ounces makes up for that.Also, the camera can be slow sometimes. After I delete a picture and want to go right back into the camera, it says, "Please wait" for 2-10 seconds. Normally, I wouldn't mind, but there are pictures that require a split-second reaction, and this camera, well...Which reminds me... sometimes, when you take a picutre, then save it, it won't save exactly what is on the screen. It seems to save the frame after what you took, sometimes causing a blur or missing the object that was only there for a split-second.The only other negative thing I can say is that the glass, the body, and the keypad get dirty easily, but they are easy enough to clean, as long as you have a micro-fiber cloth handy (the kind that is used on glasses). Oh, and that you get better reception outside (obviously).And the rebate takes 8-10 weeks, and this is after two months of usage, but this is to be expected. After all, it is $150.On the positive side, I love how thin and light it is. The keypad is my favorite part. It looks so different from any other phone (except the Sprint RAZR knock-off...).I love that it flips open. Voice dialing works better than I imagined. I love that the picture of the person calling you appears on the outside screen. The speakerphone is the clearest I've heard on any phone. The battery gets excellent life (usually 2-4 days, depending on how much I use it). I love that there are buttons on the keypad for the message inbox and the browser. I could go on and on.I give it a 4.2 out of 5.

Short review - if you actually want what this phone only promises, do yourself a favor and buy a SidekickLong review:Pros:One - It's a cool looking phoneOK, that, and battery life on standby - over 7 daysCons:- menu interface from "heck" - common functions are "10 clicks deep"- no sync - if you want it on your phone you're going to enter it via the 10-digit keypad (or possibly pay an additional $30 for whatever software Motorola offers, but I never looked at it)  The USB interface does nothing for you.- charging - it has a mini-USB interface to doesn't charge via USB (???? or mine was broken - dunno 'cause I sent it back)- every single data bit that passes from the phone is billed against your data account- it's not that good of a phone (at making decent phone calls)- it's worthless as a chat tool, web browser, or email tool- it's marginal as a cameraIf you have to have the coolest phone on the block then this is the device for you.If you want an actual useful piece of gear, or one that doesn't have outrageous charges to get the full functionality offered look elsewhere.Every piece of contact information has to be entered manually because as far as I can see there's no software included with the phone for Sync.  Motorola will sell you some $30 add-on (to a $400 phone - how awesome!) that appears to offer management of pictures and sounds, but I see no mention of actual useful phone data entry.Issues I had with my phone -It made terrible phone calls - particularly when calling my home number.  There was a constant, electronic chatter - and calling my number with another cell immediately showed no issues with the line.  This happened every time i called.The impossible mountain of moving my contacts to a new device -  All of my contacts have multiple phone numbers, email addresses, and in some cases URLs.  According to Cingular (as they are the only ones I talked to) there is no way to sync this data to the phone - it all hs to get punched in via the 10-digit keypad.  This is insane for a phone of this pricetag.The use of my "data plan" - I was astounded to see that every single action you take with this phone from a "data" perspective is billed against your account.  Yep - signing on to and off of AOL COSTS YOU BITS.  This is insane.  That, coupled with the actual limit to the number of messages you can send before insane charges occur in just another part of how Singular (and other carriers) are "doing it wrong" with "extended data devices" like this phone.  On my Sidekick I message, browse, and email to my hearts content without every worrying about my current "bit count" and what's going to show up on my bill.Lastly -It just died - when I when to actually try and use the phone again after my first week of ownership, I found the phone dead, unwilling to power on.  Charging for day did nothing.I may have gotten a lemmon, which is why I did not comment on the Bluetooth - but it took about 40 attempts to get my (also new) Motorola headset to sync with this phone.In re: BT - I will say that it's an unbelievably poor thought-out number of key-clicks to toggle bluetooth on & off - like a dozen.I sent this thing back - it's worthless.  I'm replacing my 3-year old Sidekick (one) with a Sidekick 2.  I think once you've gotten used to a QWERTY device you can't ever go back to entering data via a 10-key.Don

The Motorola RAZR V3 is a remarkable phone. I cannot believe how little it is, and it is actually light, for an aluminum casing.Camera is surprisingly decent in the right lighting for just a VGA, except when I go to view them, they look cloudy in My Media, 2 of mine have done this, may not be a problem to any one else.The use of it as a phone is great, besides the fact that the earpiece is a bit low, but if you have Motorola Phone Tools, you can easily fix that. If not, spit out the 30 dollars it takes to have it, *ouch*.Great signal, great sound, great phone, that needs MINOR improvements.Don't see myself getting any other phone, until, of course, the new one comes out. :)

I purchased a black Razr from Best Buy with a Cingular service plan.  Without question, it was the worst handset I've ever owned.  The unit's recepotion constantly broke up in my apartment (I get full strength on my three year old Sanyo with Sprint), and it's really hard to hear on the unit (the volume is awful).  The one bright spot for me was the speaker phone, but that wasn't enough to keep it.  I cancelled my Cingular plan and gave the phone back to Best Buy.  I really liked the style of this phone, but unless you plan to carry a second phone for your calls, I cannot recommend this unit.

In the Spring of 2006, the service contract on my phone and my husband's phone were ending, and I wanted to replace my old Samsung (I forget what model now), which had been buggy in its second year. My father had recently gotten a RAZR and was liking it quite a bit, and both my husband and I liked the sleek look of the phone. After reading some mixed reviews, we decided to take a chance and get two black V3 RAZRs. Since that time, my husband and I have *each* had to return 2 phones (so, altogether, 4 phones returned); I'm just glad that we got insurance on the phones. There hasn't been any one problem: my husband's first phone ate batteries, and tech support could not figure out why; on his second phone, the external screen died for no apparent reason; on my first phone one of the little silver hinges (which, as I found out, is made of cheap plastic) broke, making the phone hard to open and close; and today both the internal and external screens of my second phone died. We are not hard on our phones; my husband's mostly sits in his desk, and I keep mine in a case. They simply broke.In general, I've found reception on the phone good, the sound good (though you have to hold the phone just right to hear clearly), and it remains a very cool-looking phone, but at this point I would be happy to sacrifice "cool" for "reliable." A phone that costs as much as the RAZR simply shouldn't have this many problems. I would not recommend buying one of these unless you're willing to replace one or more.

So far, so good.  I ordered this phone to replace my old Motorola i530, and I am very impressed so far.  It makes the i530 feel like you're carrying the whole phone booth.The styling is great - everyone agrees on that.  The interface is intuitive, the screen is big, bright, sharp and colorful.  The fit and construction are quite good as well, it feels light yet solid.I could care less about the phone's camera and photo taking ability.  It had absolutely nothing to do with my choice of phones.  I would never expect a phone to take a decent image and I have a camera for that purpose.Here are the only things that keep me from giving it 5 stars:1. The outside screen is low on contrast without the backlight - but still readable in most lights.2. You have to open it to adjust the ringer volume - minor annoyance.3. The material on the keypad and outside screen is outstanding at showing fingerprints and always looks dirty.  It's really amazing in this regard - its the same effect you'd expect if you just coated your fingers in grease and handled a mirror.4. Motorola doesn't include the USB cable or software to connecting to a PC.  Kinda dumb they charge $50 for both of them.  I suppose they want you to buy their desktops and ringtones rather than creating your own.  Luckily I already have the USB cable, just need to track down the software.5. There is no standard mini headset jack to connect a simple and cheap hands free headset.  No big deal - bluetooth headsets are cheap enough now.  They just eat the phone's battery.These are all just minor annoyances really and they certainly wouldn't keep me from buying the phone again or recommending it to anyone.  Overall a great phone.*Comment on Amazon's Customer Service*Excellent from what I've seen.  The day after I ordered the phone, I notice they had an offer for a free bluetooth headset which I missed.  All I had to do was add it to the cart and enter the code.  I emailed amazon and asked if it was still possible to take advantage of the offer since my phone already shipped.  I wasn't expecting to get the headset.. Not only did they send me a headset, they sent me a better one than in the offer (HS820) and they sent it 2 day shipping (I ordered 2nd day air when I bought the phone).  Awesome.

Forget about the hype this phone gets, sure it is stylish, but the one thing that makes this phone great is it's reliability. This was the first cell phone I ever bought, and I have had it for a little over a year now. I know that I have not had any more than two dropped calls with it.This phone is durable as well. I use it as an alarm clock to get up for work, and one morning, I don't know why this happened, but I forgot to put it back on the stand after I hit snooze, and when I next woke up I was laying on top of it, I must have been really tired that morning, but the alarm clock went off just fine and everything still functions perfectly!The only thing I don't like about this phone is the fact that it is used so often in the commercial, as well as entertainment media, that it is almost now unoriginal. This does not dismiss the fact that it is still stylish and very reliable, and that is why I gave it 5 stars. Excellent choice!

If somebody thinks this phone to be top of the line in 2005, I wont be surprised, but if it's said in year of 2007, I can't help but laughing. Man, there are ton's of better phones out there now. This phone is just a basic phone if it's not looked as outdated.Who would like to use a phone with a technology 2 years ago, anti-intuitive menu, awkward address book and no extendable slot?Well, at first I would like a phone to be a phone, a mp3 player, a gps and a pda...That would be a pda phone like Cingular 8525 or Treo 700. But I have to pay $150 for that  comparing to what I am paid $125 here, that is a difference of $275 with which I can buy a mp3 player or a gps that can do a better job than a pda phone. Therefore I decide to let the phone be a phone.Somebody said that there is a headset in his box, none in mine.What's in the Box"RAZR V3 handset, lithium-ion battery, travel charger, user's manual. "

Amazon will charge you $250 if you port your phone number on most of there phones.

I have this phone for a few days and I really like it so far. All my friends and co-workers think it's coolest phone they ever seen (...).The Amazon's instruction came with the phone said put in the sim card and battery in the phone, wait 15 min then it should work. I left the phone overnight, next morning the phone still said "unregister sim". I called Cingular custumor service, she couldn't get it to work either so she transfered me to another Cingular technical support. The technical support person got it working in 5 min. Actually, I prefer to call Cingular customer service to activate the phone because who knows the phone might get lost in the mail, you know what i mean.If you are planning to transfer your phone number from the current service (home phone or cellphone) to your new cell phone plan then forget about it. Amazon website said currently they don't have any way to do this for Cingular. You could call Cingular to transfer the number for you, but this requires Cingular to cancel the plan you openned with Amazon and create a new plan. (...) CHECK WITH AMAZON

Amazon number portability sucks. I bought the new Razr phone and now can not transfer my number because amazon sucks. They have no agreement with Cingular. If I had know this I would have kept Sprint.They want to charge me $250 for an $179 retail phone.

This is the coolest phone I have ever owned. After a lot of thought, I decided to go with the black and when I got it, I am happy that it looks much better than the silver RAZR which I had seen in the store. It is really sleek and the keypad is awesome. The display is big and can be viewed easily.A couple of negative points (reasons for not giving 5 stars)1. Navigation is not as easy as in Nokia phones (similar is the case with my other Motorola phone which I used previously).2. Has no extendable memory (5 MB internal memory) and no MP3 player (not much of a negative point IMO)3. A li'l wider than other phones.Inspite of all this, it is worth the buy and the 2 yr contract. Cingular signal is really good in my place and haven't had any problems so far.

I got the Motorala RAZR for christmas when I already had an LG that did everything right. Perhaps that is why i'm bitter. Below is a list of things that are irritating about the RAZR. They may be small but it's the small things that I use most often.1: ....Delay.... There is significant delay for almost every function. Press phone book... wait... press f... wait... call friend. This is the function that is used most often and yet there is about a half second delay after each button is pressed. I'm used to a near instant response from LG phones and older motorolas. This delay is on everything that refreshes the display. I can't stress enough how annoying this is.2: Max volume is too soft. For example, I was sitting in a department store with the volume of this phone at its maximum and had much trouble hearing what my friend was saying. I had to ask him to repeat himself so many times that we eventually just ended the conversation because it was taking to long to communicate. This happens in most public places and in the car. It's not that you can't hear the person. It's just that it takes too much strain to understand the words that are contaminated with the background noise in these everyday situations. I never had this problem with my previous phone.3: Alarm Clock interface is poor. This may seem like too small of function to be complaining about but it is common for people to use their cell phone as their daily alarm clock. If you have a regular 9-5 job and don't need to change the times of your alarm the RAZR works okay. Note that there is no Mon-Fri enable option so you will have to remember to enable it every night. If you are a student or if you have irregular work hours this alarm clock is even more annoying. They have you name the alarms rather than just displaying what time the alarm will go off. That way, if you're unsure what time the alarm goes off, you've got to go through some 2 delayed button functions to just see the time. This is just something that really irritates me. If you're used to better, it will irritate you too.4: Volume button on monitor end of phone rather than the button end, probably because the buttons wouldn't fit there with such a slim design. Just hold one of these phones open in your hand and try to adjust the headset volume as you would during a call. It's an awkward and slow process. The good thing is that the earpiece is so quiet that you could just keep it at full volume for almost any use.It looks cool though. But everybody has one now anyway.

i got this phone yesterday and i love it! i cant believe i have it! the black is so cool looking and the design is just awesome. i really like the inside and outside screens! so far all my calls have been clear as can be and i have no disappointments with this phone!! surprisingly the voice dialing works amazingly! everytime i tried it, it worked- unlike all the other phones ive had with this feature. i really like the message button on the keypad that will take you straight to your messages when you press it- making it sooo easy to text! speakerphone is great and easy to hear and be heard on! AIM is a great feature on this also! photo caller id is cool too and the camera is great-able to take photos with the phone open or shut! overall i cant say enough good things about this phone!! go buy it

You know what, after reading several bad reviews about the RAZR-V3 (I own the Cingular black GSM one) , I began to get infuriated over the fact that a perfectly good piece of technology is getting bashed for no reason.  No reason other then STUPIDITY.Case in point, I have read reviews stating that the phone does not have video.  It does!!!  If you go to the menu screen and go to "My Stuff"  (at least on the phone I have), you can access the video camera! Duh!Also about the phone book not able to carry more then one number per name. That is also not true.  Now I've not done much personal research on that feature but as far as my manual showed me, you can put SEVERAL numbers under one name.  How'd I know that?  Oh yeah, cause I like...READ the manual.Of course, to give those people some benefit of the doubt, the camera has a LOT of features, a lot of buttons, and can take some getting used to.  But hey, that's what you have to deal with when you buy a new piece of technology with the gazillion features that the consumer market wants.  It's gonna take a little time to navigate and get used to all the features.  But hey, you have to take the time to learn, just like when you get into a car for the first time, you aren't going to be able to drive it off the bat.  It takes LEARNING.Therefore, the RAZR V3 is an incredible phone, loads of fun, with great sound and a nice LCD screen.  ( I love the outside screen too, it's bright and full color, very nice!)  It's sleek, sexy, and just plain fun to own.  This phone may not be for everyone, but for those who do like this kind of thing, you're gonna love it.

In March my wife and I switched to Cingular and decided to get the hip bling bling phone The Razor. Everyone in the family has Cingular and it made sense to be able to call them anytime and not have it count toward our monthly minutes. Plus they have rollover minutes.I have the black Razor, my wife has the silver. The biggest complaint we both have is the volume of the ear speaker. My sister-in-law can't use the phone at all because of this. I find that I can hear a little better if I put the phone up higher on my ear and am listening to the screen instead of the ear hole. Several times, when trying to hear better and pressing the phone firmly to my ear, the connection has dropped. I don't know if it is because of my pressing too hard or not, but usually after redialing and not pressing as hard it doesn't do it again.Pros-Sleek, fits in just about any pocket-aluminum outer case is sturdy, my wife has dropped hers a couple of times and it still works-Large screen-loud speaker volume-keypad is nicely lit for night/darkness-good camera/movies and storage space- built in vibration mode, don't need to buy a special battery like some older phones-lots of storage for games and ring tones-nice outer screen for caller ID-ability to take your own picture with phone closed-Impressive Battery Life. I don't make many calls, so am mostly on standby, but I can go 30 hours and the phone still has plenty of juice-Blue Tooth enabledCons-LOW earpiece volume-difficult to read screen outside in bright light-the manual is the size of a small phone book-hard to open with one handNeutral-Finger pads may be difficult to hit for people with large fingers-buttons you can access on the side when closed for various functions. My wife hits them all the time (in her pocket and purse) and accidently sets her phone to silent and misses calls. I like the ability to change ringtones without opening the phone and going through the menu.-Everyone seems to have one now and the novelty has worn off.About my Cingular serviceWe upgraded from Verizon with phones that were not multimedia nor connected to the internet. So naturally, our Cingular service is more expensive. However, they seem to charge for everyting. For instance, you pay for just about every download you make, including ring tones. Its like paying double, you bought the ring tone and they charge you a download fee on top if it. You have choices on how you want to pay for multimedia but even if you choose a plan that gives you X number of Multimedia Messages you also have to pay the plain IM fee even if you don't send regular IMs.It took Cingular 3 billing cycles to fix an error that was made when the account was set up. They are very nice, but come on, 3 months!?!?We live in West Metro Atlanta and seemed to have fewer dropped calls with Verizon. It may be the coverage, it may be the difference in the phones.Another note is that a I know someone with a Verizon Razor and the software is different.Bottom line is that the most important aspect of any phone is the ability to hear the person you are talking to!!! I would probably do more research and choose a different phone if I had it to do again.UPDATE: After 5 months my phone malfuntioned. No matter what button you pushed, it only dialed the internet. Cingular was wonderful. It was still under warranty (not the extended) and I got a new phone sent to my house in 1 day. They split the expedited shipping cost so it was only $7.50. The ear volume seems a little better then the old phone. Pictures seem washed out, even with reducing the brightness. This is minor and I am keeping the replacement. There is documentation in the box on how to replace the replacement phone if defective. The downside is I lost my ringtones and photos.

When are people going to learn not to buy a first model??  Far too many people are reporting identical problems with this phone!!  As with anything, cars,computers HDTV, etc. This first model is fot the stupid, willing to act like a guinea pig, to see what to fix for the future. While this phone came out with a bunch of bells and whistles, what you really want from a good cell phone is quality reception, ease of use, and value fot the dollar spent.  This phone needs to go back to the drawing boards, and fix its problems before the next model is unveiled.  Save your money, and wait until they fix the techncal problems.

I first purchased the silver Razr, then traded it in for the black.  I had similar issues with both of them.1.)  The best features about the phone is the looks and the slim design.  Comfortable to carry around in shirt or pant pocket.Also the screen is big, bright and sharp.2.)  The strange thing about this phone is sometimes the reception is excellent and sometimes it is very lousy in places you would expect it to be good (like outside).  The same goes for the volume in earpiece.  Sometimes it's loud and other times it's a struggle to hear the other person talking.3.)  This particular phone is uncomfortable on the ear, at least for me, especially if reception is not that good and you have to press the phone to your ear.  After some time of this, your ear can be sore. Other phones are more comfortable on the ear. I recommend trying it in the store.4.)  Battery life not that great and screen requires constant cleaning.5.)  Scrolling thru phone numbers and menu items takes time. Not recommended while driving.Overall, a good phone when reception and ear volume are clear and loud enough.

Piece...of...C.R.A.P!!!Simple...At $199 (for upgrading my phone) I would expect this phone to last a little longer than 3 months.The first week I had this phone, you could hear a "buzz" sound from under the keypad. Took it to Cingular, they said there was nothing wrong with the phone. Ok, not a problem.About 3 weeks later the sounds starts again, but this time the keypad doesn't work. Pressing any button would result only in activating the voice recorder and no way to turn it off unless you closed the phone or pulled the battery. Ok, Ok...maybe I hit a wrong button or something. Things happen...Take it back to the store, all I get is "We can't find anything wrong with this phone. Are you sure you are hearing a buzz sound????"So...on to the New Years weekend...The phone has stopped working completely for the entire weekend. The only button that works is the on/off button. And the "buzz" I hear under the keypad is now louder. I tried everything from turning the phone on/off and removing the battery. Nothing...I'm taking my phone back to Cingular and getting the cheapest phone they have in the place. That way if it goes south, I won't care!!!!

The dimensions of the device were appealing to me as it allows for easy carry in jeans or shirt pocket.However, that is where positives end.One can complain for the lack of features compared to the competition but this phone fails the most basic function - it has extremely poor reception. I live in an area with very strong signal, almost always maximum strength indication with my previous Sony-Ericsson and Nokia phones and not a single failed/dropped call in 5 years. Very different story with the razr (both mine and my wife's). As if failed calls were not enough, Motorola provides no software to allow PC connection (unbelievable for a device they claim has PIM functionality), the operating system is very slow, and the user interface is clanky.Very disappointing!

My husband and I received two of these last week (one silver and one black).  So far, we have had no problems with the phones or the service from Cingular (we switched from Nextel).  Cingular was able to transfer our old phones numbers over to these phones without an interruption in service.I have not had any problems with the volume on this phone, as others have indicated in their reviews.I have also not had any problems with dropped calls, as others have experienced.The phone itself is very intuitive to use.  I have not opened the book that came with the phone and have been able to do everything that I needed the phone to do.  It is simple to input numbers into the phone book.  I also like the alarm function, which is also easy to use.  The camera function was very intuitive, as was changing the placement of the fuctions on the screen.The phone is very slim and lightweight.  You can hardly tell that you have it in your pocket.The speaker phone is very clear when you are in the car, or the office.  Much clearer than our previous Motorola phone that we had with Nextel.The screen is very bright, making it easier for old tired eyes to read it without their reading glasses.  Not that we are telling ages here.At this point I am very satisfied with my purchase of this phone from Amazon.  If my opinion changes for any reason I will update my review.

What is going on these days. Do cell manufacturers think everyone has hands small enough to use phones being made lately. I mean these things are REDICULOUSLY SMALL. Smaller...thinner? NOT the way to go. For me, bulky is better. This phone, great width, great height, awesome screen size. BUT IT"S WAY TOO THIN!!!! No wonder driving while talking on your cell is so dangerous.Sure you have bluetooth headsets, but how can you drive and fumble with those things as they constantly fall out of your ear and you have to feel around on the floor for it. i remember bag phones. Full size receiver with the number pad built on and a way better HANDS FREE speaker function than any of the phones made in the past 12 years. Maybe Moto can get together with say.. XM and get me a phone that plays MP3's and gets XM radio and is big enough to actually use.

This phone is just great! a reliable phone, packed with features.The aluminum makes this phone very light and very sturdy. I dropped many times and no damage!If you text message, this phone will be a wonderful buy. The keypad makes this phone just great for text messaging, and I really like the predicative text, it works well. Taking pitures with this phone is so easy, and even easier to send, and you can play actual songs, with really impressive sound. The battery life of this phone is just OK.  This phone has one of the clearest call qualities I have ever experienced, and gets great reception. Overall quite impressive indeed.

i have a razr with cingular and live in wa state.i guess it depends on where u live but here is what has happened to me......got cingular,didnt like the free phone,took it back,got a razr,(ya i paid the $200 for it)worked fine for about 2 weeks,called the # for cingular,they asked what was wrong(did ya drop it? etc etc)none of the above,(i have insuance on it too)cingular said it has a 30 day return policy(i told the lady on the phone i have been with cingular longer then 30 days),she said it dont matter,the store has to take care of it...........the lady at the store said(through email) their store manager cant do exchanges because of lack of inventory,but yet when we called cingular they said the store can take care of it........any other people in wa state have this problem with the tacoma cingular store............it's in the lincoln plaza..i have have the name of the sales lady to the store and her email if anyone wants to help me

Bought this phone with Cingular service.  Thusfar, its worked very well, long battery life, and its slick looking & slim.  The camera has great clarity (better than my old Samsung A600, which I loved for 2 years). The only downsides are:1) I can't use a normal headphone jack, its some sort of strange USB port (or bluetooth which I don't have yet)2) Difficult to pull of the back panel to get to the battery & SIM card.  Had to call Cingular so they can walk me through it... of course I did throw away the instructiosn which probably would have helped

ok, i got the phone just a couple weeks ago and was using it allday for photos.when i came home that night i set my phone at the top of my desk (3 foot drop) and my cat kicked it off jumping up to my desk it fell to the floor and hit a book and the front screen poped out. that made me really mad. the next day when someone called my i opend my phone talked him and closed it and the hole bottom part bent in like it was cardboard. my friends front screen poped out to. DONT BUY!!!!!!

If you know phones, you must know that this the best yet! A 4x digital zoom camera captures the world, in style! The phones memory is more complex than that of an iPOD video, which holds 7500 songs and 7 hrs of video! You're friends will FREAK OUT! You will become a star! T-Moblie, Cingular, or Verzion, you'll enjoy Motorola's best enterprise yet!

Dont lose your peace of mind over this deal. Its worth spending money than to get trapped in this offer.

I could go on and on but I'll keep it short.  I've been a cell phone user since bag phones and I've had many, many, portables.  The Razr is the worst.  The only thing I can say good about it is its size, I can carry it in my pocket.  The worst about is the inability to see the keypad in bright sunlight. it looks nice but it's not practical and forgot seeing the letters for text messaging.  They need to make this phone with a matte finish keypad so it's more visible.  It doesn't drop calls, at least with Cingular BUT the Razr earpiece is lousy, I have to keep moving it over my ear to hit an audible spot and usually end up just using bluetooth so I can hear.  Buttons on the side of the phone are easy to punch by accident.  I WON'T be buying another Razr until they improve it.

Just picked it up but already love it. Simple to use, fits in my pocket, large display screen + reception is GREAT. I had a Motorola V22 and traded up for a small fee. Well worth it, BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!

i own this phone and it is the best phone ever. i like the video camera the best. the only bad thing is i dont like the wallpapers

At the time before I got the v3 I had verizon. I had verizon for 4 years and loved it had 2 startacs (remember those!) lost both of them in one year. Bought a cheesy phone in till I was ready for a upgrade a lg510 (paid full price for junk you know how that goes!) got sick of it because it was junk. So I bought a 740i BMW used and it came with some optional timeport Motorola bmw phone came in very clear with verizon it was like a improved startac no color screen or nothing I do like the outside call id screens all my phones have had them. I don't like nokia's I am all about flip phones another thing I never liked were Nextel's you always hear other people yapping away making a racket I hate that. Okay ill admit it I thought it was cool at first but the service in mass is not very good. I like to talk on a phone not walkie-talkie. So someone broke my bmw window and stole my timeport L.So I got a Motorola v60 (worst mistake ever) I heard that that was the Mercedes optional phone in the s class so I figured id give it a try. I got the one before the push to talk verizon thing and it had a different style antenna a little cherry tree looking thing had a steam with a pull out antenna that came out  a couple of inches or so and it always liked to break. So I replaced the antenna the first time grand wireless(a verizon retailer) told me that it had a lifetime warranty on the new antenna a couple weeks goes by and I go to take a call while I am walking on my lunch break and it broke again and I lost the broken part of the antenna the top of it and I did not know that you had to have all the pieces of the antenna in order to get a new one that's kind of hard to do when the things only the size of your index fingernail so I had to pay another 49.99 for an antenna and I keep having the same problem losing the broken part so I went threw probably 4-6 of those  things now I was getting ok service with my latest phone the v60. Around the time I was spending all this money on defective antennas my father bought an lg vx6100 camera phone (the thing always acted up dropping calls the whole nine yards). in the meantime my  4 year contract was up I was going to renew with verizon even though they were starting to fall off. They were on top for a while so I was waiting on the new at the time Motorola V710 my friend also got a vx6100 and it always went into silent or driving mode and was supposedly easier to use then a Motorola. I always liked Motorola and found the menu just fine I don't care for lg phones (verizon claims there the best).Apparently lg makes flat screens my friend bought a 42inch lg widescreen HDTV one for 3300 from [...] my other friend had the sharp aquis 37 inch both of them have HDTV my friend with the sharp paid $2400 for his tv its bigger clearer way nicer the lg flatscreen is hurting trust me it comes in very unclear(kind of got of topic sorry)So here's the rundownI went to 3 different grand wireless locations nobody had the new at the time v710 in stock(they were all waiting on it or something) so I looked around the mall thinking what to get. I saw the v3 commercial thought it was kind of stupid looked like a girls phone that would just break by touching it. It was not in till I went to cingular and saw it when I really fell in love with it but they wanted CLOSE TO FOUR HUNDRED Dollars there was no way  I was going to pay that for such a slim and delicate looking phone. The guy told me he could do it for Thee Hundred Fifty Dollars still did not attract me a 2 year agreement with a new company is a stressful decision. At this time I thought about saying screw it and getting a nextell They got very expensive plans and my friends with them make them seem like the "thing to have" but none of them had service and I hated calling them and hearing please hold while the nextell customer your are trying to reach is located and after wasting your minutes it goes to there voicemail. So that was out t-mobile had slightly cheaper plans then cingular. Another one of my friends had cingular before his nextell and got rid of his cingular shortly after they joined with AT&T; when I found this out is when I was really interested and I then I found this amazing deal online at some site I forget were it was some fathers day special my mom told me about it after I told her I was going to go spend Three Hundred and Fifty dollars on a cell phone. The deal was basically the one on this website with a different headset(they had not come out with a Motorola one I guess) I paid only $249.99 with a free BLUETOOTH 2.4 ghz headset not the cheesy one, Or the Motorola one offered on Amazon  it was a belltronics m3000 it was priced at 89.99 retail at the time(I hardly use it to be honest I found it online for 50.00 bucks when I wrote this I personally like the Motorola one it was not available when I got the v3) and on top of that they rebate ALL of the $249.99! So I got the v3 for close to a hundred bucks with the headset a 2 year and OF COURSE PHONE INSURANCE I DON'T SEE HOW ANYBODY CAN BUY ONE WITH IT especially a small device like the v3.I went with the 9.99 text message package and free picture sending for a year of the 2 years. I was very nervous with my decision. I was not sure if cingular had that good of service. When it came in and I surprisingly good service and the clarity of the calls reminded me of my timeport the headset is good because it is wireless And very loud and clear the v3 does have a semi loud speaker but its not loud  when your on it the speaker phone is ok. I am extremely pleased with my v3 it has started to do the interference thing but I am going to get a fresh one it does also pull a nokia and make your radio TV ext make that awful noise. I hate it. The main features that attracted me to the v3 were sleek looks futuristic look and the VERY LARGE COLOR SCREEN on the inside and a lot for the color screen on the outside of the phone. The v3 does have flaws. If you are looking at this phone defiantly get insurance the screen seems liable to break pixels and the camera and outside screen don't have any cleaver shutter like the lg vx6100. I love this phone best service I have ever had way better then verizon and nextell it does have its dead spots like ANY cell phone. The upgradeable memory, large display and the mp3 ring tones are nice however I cant seem to get the headset to play ring tones it only beeps L Well this is my LONG report about the v3 razor phone and I would recommend it to anyone who wants cheap plans nice phones and good service I pay 39.99 a month for 650 minutes  the downside with my plan is it does not have nights and weekends but they give you 5000 a month and I only pay 39.99. I got rid of the text message thing A)50.00 for 650 minutes is sad and B) I HATE TEXT MSGS especially those goons who have those super fast flip out keyboard cell phones(you can never respond in time I tell my friends to call me). I hope u didn't find this report to in depth and found it useful. The v3 is a grade a quality phone. If you need some self esteem or want to be hip again I would recommend getting this phone I have never seen people in awe of a phone my friends love it!

Ordered the phone on Sunday received by Thursday. First the phone, it's a nice looking phone but that's where it pretty much stops, Motorola is very behind on the features they offer for phones and the display has been the same for the past atleast 10 years since I had my first Motorola, the phones that offer the best features for wallpaper, color schemes is LG, there phone features are awesome. Now on Cingular service this was my first time signing up, when I first got the phone I kept getting unregestired sim, called the first lady said the phone was defective so I contacted Amazon(a new phone is on the way) called Cingular again another lady said it could be the phone or sim card, happened to come on here and read reviews and saw where someone else had the same problem, he said he contact cingular tech support and they were able to help, I called and spoke with someone and tech support(thanks, it worked...kinda) anyway the tech support person said they where having problems with there towers that the werent regesiter new customers???makes no since to me, anyway she said I would need to keep turning my phone on and off until it picks it up...well eventually that worked but I can't believe you would have to go through all that with a cell phone company just to get to service...that sucks big time!! I had tmobile before and compared to the problems I had with them they don't even compare to the problems I've had with Cingular for just a day of service. So all in all I would just get the silver razr through tmobile and only have a 1 year contract as oppossed to a 2 year contract w/Cingular. I still have about 20 or so more days before I decide if I want to stick with Cingular or kick them to the curb!!

its sleek, smart, and a good fone. Camera is below average but then i bought this fone to use it as a fone, so it doesn't matter.This fone is worth its cost.

I like my black razor! I'm thankful to have been blessed with it. Many people go for sheek and style if that's what you want than this is a great phone for you. There are a couple things about the phone that I REALLY love and it may not be the same for ALL the black razors out there. I like the screen size it's excellent much larger than my old Motorola V600(great phone too!)The speaker phone on my razor is excellent it's so clear and people cannot tell when I have them on speaker, headset or on the phone. My V600 made it obvious! The volume is decent - most cell phones do not have great volume to begin with but this phone has in my opinion "better" volume. The video feature is very nice, although I'm sure I probably won't be using it. I like the headset that came with the phone it suits it well. It's not the blue tooth headset it's a wire headset. My phone came with 4 games all of them but one are demo's. All razors are different so ..... don't take my review 100% because yours may come with slightly different features. It's nice because the phone fits anywhere in a girls purse(ladies you know how easy it is to fill up a purse!) Well this phone doesn't do us justice because it just gives us more room to shove things in! That's actually another reason I love the phone =)Okay... as for the negatives I do not like the fact that my razor came with a european plug and a adapter for our plugs?!?! What is the deal with that?!?! I don't like that at all... I also do not like the fact that you cannot use the speaker phone while the phone is closed - that was a big err for me because I use the speaker phone a lot but I do not want to have my phone open all the time. I know there are adapters now but the fact that the charger and the headset go in the same area is just not a well planned part I personally feel. One thing about Motorola's I totally dislike this too is they keep switching the keys around that is such a pain! I can't see why the need unless it's for people whom are left or right handed OR it enhances the design or something??? It's just frustrating! I don't like when I use my headset and I have this golf fish on my phone that lights up when it's about to recieve a call they are at completely different ends plus I keep it in the carrier that came with the phone you can't keep it in there when you have those things on there. Many would say take off the fish but I like it there and I like knowing when the call is coming before it even rings.... so my conclusion on this phone is that yes it's nice no doubt on my part but I think there was some poor planning design and function wise or maybe because design wise fuctions had to be limited. I think certain things could be changed to make the newer ones better! Over I do like my phone I wanted to throw out my 2 cents to those whom are considering the purchase.It's a good phone - probably not one to have on a construction site but it is a great phone.

I love this phone. It really stands out, and has great features. And plus, with the amazon.com rebates paying nothing for it is amazing. I got my phone about 2 weeks after I order it, and although it was defective, amazon.com customer service was fantasic. I contacted them via email, and within just hours I recieved a reply email, and news that another phone had been sent  next-day delivery--for free. They even payed for the shipping for me to send back the defective item. Nice job Motorola, great phone, spectacular job amazon.com- as always.
