
Pros -- Great Looker, cant think of a better looking candy bar phone out there.- You cant stop playing with this beauty.- Touch screen is super sensitive, making the investment in touch screen experience worth it.- This is a good choice if you want to be different from the iphone crowd and also want to make a statement. (Iphone is too big for me, this is perfect length.)- Has a great battery Life. Easy to Navigate. Decent camera and video in bright lighting, FM radio, MP3 player, bluetooth music headset support, Micro SD card slot, 256 mb card included, speaker phone.- It is slightly slimmer and classier than the LG VU or other similar LG US models.- Most 3rd party Java program work on this without issues. (Be careful what you install though - reserch.)- If you intend to take it back to a country which supports all available bands, then it is a good choice.- Good clear voice quality (at my home where att signal is good).Bonus - The new 2008 Prada phone also looks like this one, so you can feel you are carrying something hip at a lower price.Cons -- On ATT, lack of one of the US frequency, really hits you hard. I used to get 1 bar with the sda at work (bad reception area inside building), none with the prada. No bars inside hotel room during our vacation in orlando.- If you have big hands (most men) it is difficult to grip solidly. Better to invest in that bluetooth headset. I dropped it on the road twice when someone brushed me.- Buttons not positioned for left handers like me.- Scratches easily, get that screen cover immedietly.- No wifi.- Existing software does not support flicking and sliding motions like the Iphone, you have to press buttons or use scroll bars. Note - The opera mini browser i installed did support flick scrolling vs using scroll bar, showing that the phone itself is capable.- Not enough 3rd party signed applications out there, quite a few free games though.- The landscape mode is not supported for video playback, only for pictures ???.- I have heard it does not play non MP3 music formats and also does not play back video recorded in some other devices like your camera. (have not tried myself).- Bad sync software. Does not recognize the phone easily.Tips -- Reserch ATT converage frequency in your home\work area before buying.- Install opera mini java version.My Recommendation -If you are not keen on the Prada branding or your social group is not brand savvy, go for the feature rich and more advanced LG Vu made for the US with almost similar looks (slightly thicker). There are free phone deals out there with 2 year ATT contract without the data plan requirement via deals2buy \ wirefly. The Prada phone might be cheaper now at $300,  but you still need to decide if you are getting value for money at $300.

Looks fancy, has a fancy name but, not nearly worth what I payed. User interface is terrible, the touch screen is uncomfortable. Sadly I'm very disappointed with this product. Also I was thinking it was a smart phone but it definitely is not!

I have used this phone for about 5 months now and overall I love it.  For basic features that I need it is very well laid out.  You can do your stuff with minimal key strokes.  It is extremely user friendly.  I like the touch screen after getting used to it.  The big screen is great for showing your photos to others.  The small size and light weight make this a great solution for me.Drawbacks: Number one, the screen brightness even with power saving mode off, is poor and makes the phone very difficult to use in sunlight.  Brightness is nothing like that of the Nokia phones.  If I could improve one spec this would be it.  Number two, the very beautiful case scratches the screen badly.  Took a couple months to notice.  If you don't believe just feel the inside of the case.  Number three, the camera has a fairly substantial lag between pushing the shutter and taking the pic, probably 2 seconds.

I just love the way it looks, and the touch screen is great. I also find it very easy to use.

I bought this phone in Paris a month ago for my wife Karmen, and must to say that's the best looking phone I put my hands on. A few suggestions (or complains) from my wife though:1. The ring volume is not that high so you might miss your call in a public place.2. The battery is not that great, I have to charge it overnight every day.3. The "buttons" on the screen are a bit slow, so you need to be patient especially when you deal with SMS messages.As for me, I'm waiting for my wife to get me iPhone, once it is available:)

The phone is very beautiful and slick. I love it. There are a couple of things I would like to mention, though. The company that sent it did not include the instruction booklet in English. I received it in French. i wrote to them but not even an answer was returned. Fortunately enough the phone takes you by the hand and you can learn everything it does by playing with it a little. Very Friendly. On the down side, the lather casing it comes with that is supposed to protect it, has made horrible marks on the back of the phone and a couple on the front becuase when you slide the phone in, it rubs againts it. This only after using it for  a couple of weeks, Now I don't use the leather casing to prevent more ugly marks. It is odd that such a luxurious and well thought item did not come with a casing that would actually protect it from scratching. The casing is beautiful, though. Overall The phone is great!!!

I just got this phone and I really like it. The interface is easy to use and you don't have to wait for the phone to response. I have a cingular before AT&T 64 Ksmartchip sim card. On the top of the phone's task bar is a roaming  icon. I was wondering if anybody had the same issue with the phone? It is a great phone and it has some of the basic features that  the iphone should have.

Overall the phone is nice. It has a easy to use interface and provides clear voice quality. The downside on this phone is its antenna. Signal quality is easily lost on this phone in North America.

Yes - as everyone says this is a great looking phone and you will get lots of comments from onlookers because basically no one has the phone.  But it is also a great device.  I have tmobile and have had good reception and service.  I am also excited that I can use the phone with an overseas sim card, since it is unlocked (oh - the iphone cant do that).  the software definitely looks a bit dos/windows like, but its more utilitarian than anything.  hope you enjoy it as much as i do.

That Prada phone was to hard to navigate through.  Trying to call someone from the phone book took too much to do just to get a number to call.  Next was that the phone signal was always low indoors.  It was a great outdoor phone where as I never got any dropped calls, but the second I was at work or in my apartment there goes the signal.  The touch screen was ok but not as accurate as the I-Phone.  Don't just pay for the name Prada, pay for quality.

The carrying case pictured above is not the same one that came with my phone. The one I have is a slip case in black Prada saffiano textured leather and is apparently easily recognizable by Prada fashionistas. I've read other reviews that reported the case scratches the phone. I haven't had that problem and I hope I won't. I like the pictured one better, the slip case requires you to completely remove the phone and if you are not careful, it could be easily lost.The phone itself is fun. Navigating through the menus is a but more tedious than the Razr (my previous phone) and the screen is almost impossible to see in bright sunlight. The touch screen is sensitive enough and does not require pressure, just contact. The camera is impressive and captures clear bright colors and has a flash which is actually just a little white spot light. The included earphones for the FM radio and MP3 player are Prada branded so it matches the phone and the available LG Prada Bluetooth ear piece which I guess is a good thing if you are looking to show off the fact that you have a Prada phone.The one thing that I am really disappointed with is the small cover piece that fits over the charger/ear piece connection slot. It feels very flimsy and just barely hangs on while the charger or ear piece is connected. I'm sure its just a matter of time before it breaks off. I think its great that the slot is covered but the small plastic piece is just not acceptable for a phone this expensive.If you're looking for the latest technology in a touchscreen phone that looks good, this is the one. I purchased this because its significanlty smaller and thinner than the iPhone, other than the size difference, there really shouldn't be any comparisons made between the two. Why be an iPhone clone when you can be a fashion victim!Of course if you're truly a fashion victim you would already know that Samsung has partnered with Giorgio Armani and released a touchscreen phone in Europe. It should be available in the USA sometime in 2008. I've also read that Levis will be coming out with a branded phone too. A joke? I don't know, remember the Gucci cadillac and YSL cigarettes?

Great flashly, functional phone with limted range of features. If you DON'T want an all-in-one (organizer,ipod w/ video,internet,e-mail) this is the phone for you. However, I quickly bucked up and upgraded to a cingular iphone (had cingular customer buy one on his account) i then unlocked for t-mobile. Don't buy an unlocked iphone, largely for finacial purposes but also you want to learn how to upgrade your own unlocked iphone. Iphone is the only phone with an operating system constantly upgrading and improving so you want to give your self that ability and save $300+ at the same time. Hope this helps...

This phone worked for 2 weeks then died. I tried EVERYTHING, a new battery (twice) and multiple repair service centers. Nothing worked. Save yourself time and money and buy something else, ANYTHING else.

This is the worst cell phone I have had so far.Yes, it is true the phone looks sleek and stylish, however user experience is as bad as it gets.For one, the dialing responds to the heat of your fingers and not the actual touching so you can bang on it as long as you want but it would not work unless it is a worm finger LOL (yes ladies cut your nails and take your gloves off...). Sometime it really takes a while to dial a number and you have to repeatedly touch the number until the phone recognized what you are doing ..........In addition to this, when dialing voicemail, while listening to the actual message very often the phone feels the heat from your ear and dials the nearest number (eg. 7 to delete the message before you are even done listening to it).There seems to be a recurring issue with software when the screen freezes and you need to take out the battery and turn it back on to work.Last but not least, after about 4-5 month of use the sound in my phone completely disappeared it's like it is on mute - except that it's not. Still rings but you can't have a conversation with anyone because you do not hear them and they cannot hear you.... I will try and see if I can get my money back although it might be a little too late.My advise - avoid this phone. There are other phones out there - do your research and get one that works.

Despite this phone's lack of functionality, it has sophisticated style. Unfortunatley, style cannot compensate for poor performance. The reception is wretched. Rural, suburban, urban it makes no difference; be prepared for dropped/missed calls, late text messages and conversations full of "can you hear me now?" Please note that this is an international version which I believe greatly influeces this phone's performance.  The reviews of others indicate that I am in the minority with regards to reception complaints; furthermore, many users were from nations outside the US. This evidence leads me to conclude that the reception problem is due primarily to the fact that the phone is a international version.

I bought the LG KE850 Prada from amazon. I've had it for a whole week and it works great. NO problems with and its a great phone. Came with everything. Charger, headset, Battery, Case, everything.

I had to return this product.When calling a 1-800 number (in my case, my company's teleconference service) it didn't allow me to press number keys (seems like it didn't understand that the call was already in place...). That was the major reason for me to return it.Besides that, I was disappointed with the finish. Looks very cheap. All the "chrome" look is just fragile painted plastic. Seemed to me that it wouldn't survive its first fall.The look is great. But don't let anybody touch it or feel it, otherwise the magic will be over.Mine had the owner's manual completely in French.Buy it if you love the look and glamour, and don't care about the price or lack of functionalities.Also keep in mind that there is probably a reason for the fact that no carrier released it in the US market.

This phone is gorgeous, I love it, BUT it has some terrible connection problems. I am thinking about getting rid of it because I can't have a phone that doesn't work

Worst thing i have ever bought, i bought it brand new and the screen was cracked internally, It was also a total pain texting on it it wasnt sensitive at ALL! I returned it the same night and my money isnt even back in my credit card i would never reccomend buying anything from amazon. Oh and they sent me a charger for a different country other then the USA Who does that? I wish i could rate it a negative star cause it sucked big time.

Okay, so, i've had this phone for a little less than a week now, but this is what i know alreadyThis phone is great, not too big, not too complicatedbut its not an iphone, if your looking for something with lots of apps and what not this is not itPersonally, i like it cause all i need to do is text and call, sometimes check email, but not much elseIts true the case does scratch the phone, i read that, but used the case anyway, i just got a little scratch on the back that you can only really see in the light, but i stopped using the case to prevent further damage, no big deal, i still use it too hold other thingsThe first phone i was sent didn't work at all, i read the instructions carefully before using it, followed everything they said, and it kept freezing at the start up, which elsewhere i've seen other people have the same problemno worry though, amazon just sent me a new one and i returned mine with little hassle of my ownbtw on a side note, make sure you do read the instructions carefully because i was surprised to see that this phone needs to be charged fully before initially turning it on, unlike with any other phone ive hadif you've never used an unlocked phone before make sure you call your service provider to get things set up once you have the phone, like picture mail, internet etc.alsoi kind of like the fact that its based around t9 and not a keyboard for textingit makes it easier to do without looking and everythingi got used to using this phone really quick and really couldn't imagine carrying around something as big as the iphoneplus, its cheaper..... i think?anywaygood phone, no problems with the second one sent to me,but no different in functions really from any other phone

this is a great phone.i really like this phone hope you guys like it too.my experience about this phone is use it like an iphone

Very unresponsive, slow, and fragile. I regret purchasing this phone. After using it for a few frustrating months, it is already broken. The screen, which responded poorly to touch from the beginning, has now stopped responding at all. Overall a highly dissatisfying experience, though the phone is physically appealing.

this product was ok , seller give us all acssorseries except one extra battery, lot of people still  dont know when you buy the new LG prada it come with 2 battries not only one so, thats why always seller take advantage and keep one battery. He should give to coustomer all acssorseries as he receive from to compney. thank you

...i absolutely love this phone! it was a little expensive and slightly outdated, but very impressive to use. the touch screen is really nice and doesn't require much effort to use unlike some touch screens out there, and the sleek design just adds to the glamor. it's also pretty awesome to be able to say, "yeah, it says prada."on the negative side, though... the lack of 3G on this phone kind of hurts a little, and because its unlocked i'm having a hard time getting network & mms settings out of AT&T.; i've also noticed a little lag while texting, or if it's been locked for a while.. it clears itself up pretty quickly though!all in all though, it's a very nice alternative to the Vu, and a VERY good eye-catcher. i can't wait for the prada 2 to hit the market!

A great phone for a gift. Super stylish for a girl and has a really easy menu to use. The only thing is that it requires some time to get used to the touch screen as it is a bit less sensitive than the other touch screen phones e.g iphone

pictures taken with the phone are terrible , any blackberry is much more functionable ,useful ,and ,easier to work with , at the end i must say i was very disappointed with this purchasse.

I bought an LG Prada phone. I just want to say that this is one of the best cell phones on the market at this time. Its design is amazing I love it.The only bad thing is that the battery is not very strong but for these reasons people invented car chargers so enjoy :)

First let me say I am a die hard Mac head, I was in the line for the Apple iPhone on release day, and walked home with one... I love the iphone and its amazing BUT I don't like the size of it for my needs a bit to heavy and large to keep in a jeans pocket.I bought the Prada and Happy I did perfect size, and soooo Light!The screen is bright and clear, the pictures also come out wonderful as does the video camera Mode,Not having a bit of trouble at all, if you need to enter numbers for company's, you just hit the profile button and up pops the dial pad, easy as pie!In closing, I really love the Prada phone, it was the first touchscreen, and it works well.I live in the sticks(on edge of a forest) and this phone gets much better reception then my iphone, same mobile company, same location.I get 5 bars in most locations, and so far the battery has lasted a full 2 day with still have a charge left, very happy!I also posted a picture comparing the two!

Great idea teaming with PRADA, but your paying for the name. It had terrible reception - returned product.

better than expected service:- one day earlier delivery- fast- good condition- best price on market

i just bought this phone and love it. it does everything you want a phone to do and more and it is touch screen if you have the money i would buy this phone

This is NOT innovative, not impressive, and a real missed opportunity.  This phone is nothing better than a RAZR with a touch screen.Some quick observations from my limited time with it:*  Not quad band...ok, so it's a step lower than a RAZR.  I'm sure most people don't need 4 GSM bands, but it's always good to know you have them if needed.*  No QWERTY keyboard, uhh, what?!  The very reason I bought my iPhone was because of the QWERTY keyboard, and I looked at this phone prior to selling my soul to Apple.  The thought of triple tapping a touch screen to send text messages seemed utterly ridiculous.  "The PRADA Phone offers a virtual numeric keypad, instead of a virtual QWERTY keyboard, for dialing of numbers and writing text messages (with help from the integrated T9 predictive text entry technology)"...and they advertise this as a good thing.*  You can move the clock...ooh, stop the presses.  That's really a feature...and worth every dollar.  Not.*  I've never had a phone where the minute you touched it, it looked like it'd been manhandled by greasy mitts.  Its super polished look looks great...when untouched.  Usually, I've found phones to have a dulled finish, I thought for this reason.*  OS.  This is a phone.  Nothing more.  It's not a Blackberry replacement like the iPhone kinda/sorta is, and why it's considered iPhone's competitor, I don't understand.*  Size - it's almost the size of the iPhone with nowhere near the functionality.* Its storage can support a microSD card (this is a bonus over the iPhone), but this means it's an extra expense and is limited to card size.  There should be 8gig cards coming out soon.It's unique, but unique and cute does not equate to particularly being useful.  And for $600, you can get more of a phone than this.  It's not worth it.

nice looking phone was not unlocked and did not work with ATT.  Pretty disappointed with the phone, and the deception.

Since it's touchscreen phone, if you aren't used to it, well, i guess better get used to it.Small, light, great to listen to music, sleek design, and oh, did I mention it was Prada?The price is a bit high, but it has decreased, compared to Jan., when it first came out.I've bought mine from Europe and been using it. Love it.Only thing would be the camera. Though the quality is good, but for the price, i would've like it if it was 5 meg. pixel.Or maybe like 10 meg. pixel, like the ones in Korea.

Guys i have to say if you are thinkn to get a new phone this is it its what you might want to keep in mind for option #1 i very well recomend this phone besides the awsome pictures it take and the fm am radio uhhhhits just chevere....

I ordered this phone for my wife who has wanted one for some time now.. I have bought it as a surprise. So to make sure everything is in working order I opened it, and installed a sim chip out of a phone I purchased in Puebla Mexico...and to my happiness it worked fine.. My carrier in Mexico is TelCel..So if anyone is looking for a phone that works with TelCel..This one does. The phone is everything I hoped for, and the price was great. Also I was pleased with the shipment time... Five stars all the way

Todo exelente, tal cual como lo describio el vendedor, exelente telefono... nuevo y liberado. 100 % recomendado en la comunidad

I currently have a iPhone with AT&T and was wondering if I were too purchase the Prada phone I would be able to use the same SIM card provided by my iPhone?

I tried one out at the prada store and was really unimpressed. The apps are all kinda crappy looking, and typing is absolutely impossible. Only saving grave is that its really small.

I had ordered this phone and the overall service was good however i really wanted the leather carry case but was dissapointed to find out that it was not present inside the box.

several years later, my wife still uses this phone,great phone,unlocked and international too.beats my iphone by far

The phone has definitely gone beyond my expectations. I knew it had a beautiful design and had read several reviews to make sure it wasn't one of those cases of "style over substance", and I ultimately decided to buy it.I am thankful I did! It's a wonderful phone, with ellegant interface and extremely user-friendly. I mastered all its features just by playing around with it for a while. And yes, it is absolutely gorgeous-looking.I was also impressed by its accessories. The leather case is stylish and does protect the phone (especially for me - I tend to drop things). There's a music player controller and ear microphones, branded with the Prada logo, that also work fine and are easy to use. There's much more (standard stuff like cable for transfering data, travel charger and CD for computer installation) but I guess these are the most striking ones. And it comes on a fancy Prada box.Overall, excellent phone. I was in doubt between this and the PRADA II phone (with the keypad), but I figured I didn't need to pay an extra $100+ just for a keypad (in my case). Texting in this phone is easy enough.Like PRADA itself, this phone is not just style - it's high quality. Recommended.

I bought mine from Singapore when I was there. It is quite expensive, but in my opinion quite a sexy, sleek, and trendy phone to have. It is somewhat a fashion statement, and is a must-have for those fashionistas!! The functionality of it is okay; I would not rate it as a phone with excellent functionalities. But it serves the basis functions you need: SMS, Email, Camera, etc.

One of the best phones I've owned. Call quality and reception are tops and this phone is a stunner. Finger prints are annoying, but expected. I constantly have people come over and ask about it. For the people that are bashing this phone, it isn't an Iphone and isn't intended to be. For those of you that are looking at the Apple "product' and are desperate enough to use ATT, let me say one thing. I tried the Iphone for a week only because it was a demo. I wanted to see if the reviews were true. They are. The Iphone is the worst phone I've ever used. I'm talking about the phone features. Bells and whistles are nice when the phone doesn't lock up. Terrible call quality and iffy reception in medium strength signal strength areas. The speaker phone is a joke too. terrible sound levels. Too bad Apple decided to forget it was a phone first. I'm still laughing about all of you that overpaid, only to see them discontinue the model and then drop the price. You'll never learn. Well maybe you will if you buy the LG.....Top notch

I was in line for the iPhone for 12 hours only to be disappointed by Steve Jobs.  It turns out, there were plenty of iPhones' for all.  I liked it, but it was bulky and I never used the data plan.  True to form, I sold it and bought a Prada phone.  I hated the Prada phone at first, I didn't understand who on earth would compare it to the iPhone.  After a few weeks I realized it wasn't meant to compete with the iPhone (or any other smartphone) and I started to become a little more satisfied with it.Well, that was a long time ago and now I'm on my second Prada phone.  I broke the first one and had to buy a second.  Anyways, it you need a phone for calling and texting this one gets the job done.  If you want email and internet, you need to look elsewhere - seriously.Also, do NOT use the case that comes with it.  It will scratch the h*ll out of the phone.

I love the functionality of this phone, and the fact that it can be used with any GSM carrier (unlike iPhone).  It's also gorgeous, much better-looking than the iPhone.  I got it as a Christmas present, and mid-January, after the battery went dead one night, it will no longer turn on.  LG USA says it is not in the US market yet, and we will have to call LG France.

While I applaud the condition of the product when received, two items were incorrectly sent, the charger was particularly slow and as such I had to order another, the memory card is incorrect and cannot be used.

It is easy to think of this phone as being similar in appearance to the iPhone. In fact, most reviews compare this phone to the Apple iPhone. However, I don't agree with that at all. Really all that these phones share is a touchscreen interface. The LG Prada is in fact, a more traditional cell phone. It's features are simple and pretty much what you'd expect out of a cell phone. I like that it is light and love the interface. However, be warned the interface also requires that you are always touching the screen for something. Without a tactic feel for buttons or numbers, this phone is almost impossible to use while driving or any other task that also requires your attention. (The truth is you shouldn't be fiddling with any phone while driving). The sound quality is excellent on my network and I had very little trouble receiving texts, photos, etc. The camera on the phone is pretty good (I love all of the software features (including a flash). The MP3 player is very nice too, and unlike most phones, I can set my MP3s to be my ring-tone.Can you tell I like this phone after using it for a month?!I do. The only drawbacks to me are the very delicate scratchable screen and the need to continually touch the screen, whereas a RAZR or traditional cell usually has more dedicated buttons or you train yourself to know which buttons to push by tactile feel without having to look at the phone. OH and it is a little annoying that people ask you about the phone waaaay too much.

These phone is great. It has a touch-screen, very light, great reception, and easy to use. In addition, it has bluetooth stereo sound, which most phones lack - including the iPhone. This means that you can use it as an mp3 player with a pair of bluetooth speakers wirelessly anywhere. Its camera is also great despite its low pixel count - it has great lenses. However, this is not a smart phone: you cannot download or write productive software for it - just java-based games, and sync with your computer is a bit poor if you are not very tech savvy. You can find this unlocked phone for less than $250 in the net if you search patiently.

The phone was excellent!  It was sleek and responsive, the only problem was that it is an international phone.  I have never used an unlocked phone, so I was not aware that the international phones may or may not support US service providers. So, while the phone worked for basic calls and text, it does not support multimedia or internet services. Too much money for such basic services.

I was looking at everyone's reviews and they seemed to like this phone, so I WAS SO STOKED WHEN I GOT IT! When I opened it up and used it, i found it worthless. It feels like it's made of plastic. Feels cheap and most definitely does not meet my standards. The reception is VERY bad. I use the internet on my phone and that's another thing that didn't work. It looks really nice though. It also comes with everything you need for it so that was the plus on it.

What's hot: Sophisticated design & elegance (both physically and software-wise), capacitive touch screen, Bluetooth, live home screens, Schneider autofocus camera, Unlocked by factory default, included leather case, GSM connectivity, addictive prepacked games, virtual keyboard and HTML Web BrowserWhat's not: Price tag of $850, 2G signal strengths, easy to scratch plastic, so-so battery life (3-4 days of moderate usage)The verdict: The LG Prada fashion house phone proves it's not just a pretty face, with substance and performance that outshines many feature phones. The responsive capacitive sensor (1st in the world- predating the Apple iPhone by days) equipped with a multimedia suite of functions, give the Prada an efficient demeanor. Call quality on the phone is excellent, and the speakerphone is quite loud, though users can also use the aforementioned stereo Bluetooth functionality.

Great cell phone. Friendly use. No problems at all. I recommend! Just the video and photo quality are not so good, but I confess it may be my fault because it is new and I don't know how to use it so well.

This phone is pretty solid.  The interface takes some getting use to but it performs extremely well.  The touch screen is so-so on the response but it's not a deal breaker.Overall, a good solid phone.

10/10 on form factor...this is a sweet phone, bought it for my wife and she LOVES it, and looks SO hot using it!  Slight reception issues outside of major metropolitan areas, some dead spots in small cities due to the tri-band, but overall surprisingly better than expected (we use AT&T/Cingular).  No problems with SIM card interface.  Not a phone for tech junkies although the whole touch screen is pretty slick.  Camera is actually better than I thought.  Has flash but not auto.  Does come with earphones, a 128MB card and beautiful packaging.  USB port works fantastic just like flash drive for data transfer to desktop.  You WILL stick out like a sore thumb using this thing - and love every minute of it!  Highly recommend it, but do check out tri-band reception in your area first to avoid major disappointment.
