
I'm now enjoying the new (green) enV phone I got a couple of weeks ago... after an experience that mirrored another review earlier this month.After getting my FIRST VX9900 and setting everything the way I wanted, the battery began a quick decline. I have no interest in putting music on the phone, or incurring any extra expenses... which even includes texting, although the keypad makes it soooooooo easy!! All I did was take a couple of pictures, and tinker with all the settings. The very next day (following a COMPLETE battery charge) the phone died!! I took it to Verizon. They tested it, & said the battery had no power. They said there was nothing faulty about the phone OR the battery, and that it must be the CHARGER unit! After taking it home, charging it again, then using it for 1 day (with only making some light calls) the battery began dropping again! At one point, it dropped from 2 battery blips to NOTHING, after turning it off, and on again. I then returned it to a different Verizon store. They checked it, and after witnessing the battery charge dropping before their eyes, they replaced the phone altogether.  I AM NOW FINALLY PLEASED. The battery in the replacement phone now runs at least A FULL WEEK before needing another charge! Again, I don't do anything particularly draining with the phone.I find everything on the enV pretty easy to use, and enjoy the calendar feature as well. It also takes excellent pictures, with or without the flash. The only major complaint is the ringer volume. Like someone else said, with the phone strapped to the belt, in a Verizon leather case, it can be very challenging to hear the phone ring, depending upon which ring setting it's on. Even the "loud beeps" aren't as loud as one would imagine. Keep in mind this is with the volume setting on HIGH~!  Other than that, there's not much I dislike about the unit. My advise to any new user, would be to keep a low profile with the phone at first, and watch the battery very carefully!!!!! You MAY have a dud!!

I bought two of these phones off Amazon early September and both my girlfriend and I love these phones.  She can't talk alot because she spends alot of her time in a surgical internship, so we bought the $5 texting plans.  Nothing but great things to say about the service and phones.One of the original enV phones sent to us from Amazon was broken, but they 2nd day aired us another phone...no problems after that.Good customer service by Amazon.Just know that there might be a waiting time between the time you place your order to the time that your order ships.The best feature is the hidden keyboard.  Texting is now a breeze.  I always hated the T9 function or whatever.  Too much work for such little words...but this phone changes everything.Recently I got to hold the sidekick and it was huge...nothing like the enV.  I love my phone for its compact size.I was afraid at first that the call quality would suck because those were the common complaints that I heard.  But I've had no problems at all...good call quality..even from one enV to the other.Reception is exceptional.If you buy this phone, invest in a case of some sort.  I went with the leather magnetic closing case and it's perfect.  She went with the white silicon skin case but we don't have it just yet.Great phone...to bad it's $20 cheaper now than when I ordered it...***The factory ringers, except for 3 or 4, will all suck.Use the clear button to go back.The front screen is smaller but you can easily manage.Free In-calling rules.Overall extremely happy with both Verizon, LG, and Amazon.

I am incredible happy with this phone. I text more than i talk and the phone is amazing. I was never very good at using T9 so the built in keyboard really helps. I also like the screen. The outside screen is nice since you can go through all your menus and tools without flipping open the phone. When you do open the phone you get a bigger screen and better graphics. I was pleasantly surprised with the camera. I own the orange EnV so i get a bit longer videos than the silver. The camera takes great shots and video. You can also set a video for you wallpaper, which is the first phone I have seen that does this. The built in ringtones are okay, the only thing i wish is that you could use your own music as a ringtone. Plus if tend to download from Limewire or anywhere else like that, the phone will not read the song, since it is missing th licensing.---Overall this phone works for me. My sister who is a talker hates it. SHe says its too big and the keyboard takes too long for her to use. But for a girl like me, the keyboard is a life safer.

I expect a phone to be a phone first and anything else second.  Although this phone is fantastic for texting, it is mediocre at best when functioning as a phone.  The sound is quite poor and not at all crisp.  It sounds like you're listening through a speaker phone at all times.  My wife has one as well and has commented on the poor sound.  I find myself constantly asking others to repeat what they've just said to me.The only reason I give it 3 stars is because of it's texting ease.

I got my Envy as a christmas present, although it is a great phone, there are some problems that I have had with it.The Camera- The lense thing doesn't want to open sometimes, it gets stuck and it feels like im going to break it.The interface seemed really buggy, when I tried to delete my messages, I clicked erase, and it didn't do it. I would have to restart the whole phone to do so.But everything else was great.

I liked this phone. Camera was nice, keyboard is easy to use and phone calls were of acceptable quality.Unfortunately, several features that I assumed would be included (since they have been included in every other phone I've had, from any provider, for the last four years)had been intentionally disabled by Verizon so they can charge you for services. Specifically, you CANNOT synchronize your outlook contacts with this phone using bluetooth or a data cable. Verizon would rather force you to use their over-the-air sync application (which is very buggy and limited in functionality and costs $20 dollars up front plus another $20 a month.) This is the only way to do it...believe me, I looked.Also, Verizon's text messages (which, as the previous reviewer noted, users of this phone probably use heavily) are very expensive. This makes this phone much less attractive.Also, the GPS feature requires an additional monthly charge (although this is to be expected.)Long story short, getting back to the same level of functionality I had with my old razor on T-mobile would cost me an extra $700 a year in network fees. No thanks, I'll try Cingular. LG should find a new network partner.

the comment about not being able to go back one screen is not correct. you can press CLR to go back one screen.the camera is not as good as expected. you really have to be within 3 feet to take a decent picture of anything.also, the speaker is really bad. you have to put it up to the loudest volume to hear anything clearly even when the only other sound around is the sound of my computer fan, and at that setting, the sound is broken and hard to listen to. otherwise, a fun phone to play with.

You do not need to sign up for the e-mail service to send email. That service  fully synchronizes with e-mail on your computer and is way overpriced in my opinion.To send an email you simply go to the send a message area and then select text message and put in the email address to send it to.Try the free program at Bitpim dot org which will allow you to sync with outlook calendar as well as backup and restore contact list and also import any sound file to use as a ringtone.One observation I made that no one else mentioned is that the internal speakers do not sound as good as the Previous V model. That is probably because of the top of the unit not being as deep so the sound is flatter. It is still good enough though. I use my own Shure E2C with adapter from 3.5mm to the LG's 2.5mm. (4 connection plug) Make sure you get the right connector with 4 sections on the plug. A standard 2.5 to 3.5 mm adapter will not work. You will only hear sound in one side.

The LG VX9900 or En-V might be the greatest phone of all time! This phone is very light but not delicate, and has proven to be extremely durable. It can be dropped on concrete, chewed on by the family dog or even given a bath in a giant 64 oz cup of Ice Water. Nothing seems to bother this phone, I have repeatedly put this phone in harms way (by accident of course) it just keeps on working. It offers the feel and functions of a straight (non-flip) phone, then flips open with full a keypad, good size screen and speakers that work great for my music or talking to people on speaker phone. I can hold the phone in the palm of my hand with my arm fully extended and talk; I have never once had someone ask if they were on speakerphone. (No echo) I bought a 2G; memory chip, so all my pics, videos, and music have plenty of room. I have over 300 songs on my phone, almost 40 self recorded videos, and at least 200 pictures on my phone with room to spare

I previously had the predecessor to this phone, The V and loved it. Unfortunately it was stolen a few months ago and I was using an old phone in the meantime. I'm sick of the old phone and really want to get the enV, my roommate has it and it's even cooler than the old one. However, my problem is the policy stated on Amazon's site for the Equipment Discount of $250 states it's "for either activating a new, non-substitute line of service or renewing an existing line of service". When I actually tried to purchase the phone and called Amazon, they told me that with Verizon you can't do a renewal...well then don't state on your website that you can!!! Amazon is being misleading and stating a discount they apparently can't provide. Had I not called and confirmed this twice I would have been charged $250 to my credit card (the 1st time they were going to work with me and asked me to call Verizon to confirm I wouldn't incur charges from them, the 2nd time apparently they changed their minds, and gave no real inclination that they would remedy the situation on the website). Lesson learned: don't trust what you read on Amazon's website.

I am torn between giving this a four-star or five-star rating.  I'm gonna stick to four, however, because five-star seems to warrant an absolutely perfect product.Though not absolutely perfect, this is a fantastic and great phone.  Like it's been said everywhere else before, the camera is phenomenal and takes great pictures.  The auto-focus function is nice, but does slow things down a bit.  If you're taking pictures of kids or animals, anticipate the moment and click a few seconds before in order to get the shot.The phone is soo much thinner!  The entire phone now is about as thick as the bottom half of the VX9800/The V.  It's much lighter and I like the feel of the brushed plastic more.  I'll be interested to see how this material wears since I started to get some spots where the color was rubbing off my VX9800.The big thing that I LOVE about this phone is that you can actually make use of its Bluetooth function when pairing it with your computer.  It was incredibly easy to pair it with my MacBookPro and send photos, sounds and video to and from my phone.  I haven't had a chance to pair it with my Camry Hybrid yet, but I'm expecting everything to go smoothly.My only complaints are concerning the main keyboard.  I'm deeply saddened by the absence of the shortcut key.  It used to be that I could whip out my phone and hit Fn 1 for my notepad, Fn 2 for my alarm clock or however else you organized your shortcuts.  LG has compensated by allowing you to assign shortcuts to the navigation keys on both the main and front keypads.Also, the clear button is about half the size on the main keyboard compared to the VX9800.  It will take some time getting used to it, but at least it is not a huge flaw.  The two space bars will take some practice and training in order to utilize it, but it's nice.  I personally feel like two space bars worked better on phones like the old Nokia 68** series because they were so spread out, but it'll be nice all the same when I get used to it.Buyers beware, however, because LG changed up the plug on this phone as well as the memory format.  All those chargers, headsets, and data cables you purchased for your VX9800 will have to stay with your VX9800.  Also, they switched from miniSD to microSD, so that nice miniSD card you had will have to become a key drive.  Not a huge deal, however, because SD cards are CHEAP now.Don't forget to use Backup Assistant to switch over all your contacts.  They transferred flawlessly and perfectly from my old phone to new.  Also, the phone works great with Bitpim if you set it as a VX8500 on the preferences.  That way, I got my calendar, memos and text messages over also!As you can see, this is definitely a four/four and a half-star rating, but not a perfect five.  I love it anyway and look forward to using it!

Got this phone a couple of months ago and I love it! The keyboard is it's best feature and main selling point. Looks like the LG Voyager has stolen its thunder but i'm content with the enV until i get my two year upgrade credit from verizon. I do wish it had a better web browser but again looks like the voyager has taken care of that too.here's a tip: some people have posted that messages can't be auto deleted but text messages CAN be set to self delete...flip open the phone...go into the main menu...go to messaging...hit the left soft key to pull up settings (it will be the bottom left of your screen)...go to "1. All Msg"...auto erase is option 2. its hidden but its there. :-)

I just picked this at the end of April and loved it. Not being much of a text message person, I am sure this will change seeing this QWERTY keyboard. I did compare it to the new Voyager and the camera on this stands out as it has flash and a protective cover. For the price of the Voyager now, shame on them. I do have to send it back as I experienced some freeze ups after doing simple tasks as text messaging and/or reading them, in the multimedia task such as Get It Now and EZ Navigator plus viewing the photos. It's being replaced this week but I want the green unit as the 'email' key is dysfunctional for me on this unit and can not be changed at all.This phone, even though it is 2 years old, it awesome. It has a TTS (text-to-speech) feature that I found yesterday which reads all emails, text messages and other areas too. I am glad I found it I do not have to fumble with my glasses trying to read various information. I only wish the voice command worked better as I can not get it to match my voice. I love the EZ Navigator and bumped my package up to include this as an unlimited feature. Other than this, I have no problems with the phone as a whole.

I've had LG phones for a while, and like all of them, the ease of use with this phone is phoenomenal.The phone seems big for some, but it fits in the pocket VERY nicely. Ive dropped this phone once on the hard street and it sustained the tiniest of scratches and works awesome all the same. It lags for a second or two when you use backup assistant.The camera on this phone is one of the best ive ever seen! The pictures are SO clear and it has four resolutions!Texting is of the easiest and you can do almost everything with this phone with the flip closed as well. Voice recognition is amazing and the SPEAKERPHONE is SUPER LOUD!4.999 out of 5 stars!

As a happy owner of the LG VX-9800 (see my review), I was pleased with the minor updates that LG and Verizon made in this phone.  My requirements in a phone are largely unchanged from previous reviews:  call quality, text messaging, and bluetooth.  I'll consider these first and then move to the nice to have features.Call Quality - This was excellent in the 9800, and it has continued on the 9900.  Whether using the phone normally, with speakerphone, or with a bluetooth headset, both sides of the call get excellent quality.  The speakerphone is still full duplexed and very clear.Text Messaging - This is an area where the 9900 actually improves over the 9800.  The keys are more spaced out and are more raised than on the 9800.  I find the texting experience is enhanced as a result.Bluetooth - I have used a Jabra BT 350v and the LG HBH-730 with this phone, and the performance is great.  Once connected, I am able to use the (much improved) voice commands for calling people in my contact list.  I have also been able to connect with my PC and transfer pictures from the phone to the desktop for the ones that I want to keep.For the other features...V-Cast - The Get It Now videos are largely unchanged.  The menu interface is better organized on this phone than what was available on the 9800, but otherwise the performance is largely unchanged.  The main reason for getting V-Cast is for getting unlimited access to ...Mobile Web 2.0 - This is still a very nice feature.  With G-mail and Google Calendar, you have a lot of the functionality that you would otherwise need to pay for expensive syncing.  Granted, it is not connected to your corporate e-mail server, but I would expect that people doing this are using a company provided phone anyway.  For personal usage, Google has made wireless sync unnecessary.  You can also access your corporate e-mail using SoonR through Mobile Web 2.0 (Google for more details).Music - The media player is pretty good considering that it comes for free on the phone.  The easiest thing to me is to drag and drop directly to a microSD card and then build up the playlists through the player.  If your music needs are pretty basic, there's no need for a separate device.Ringtones - This continues to be a weak area for the LG phones that Verizon offers.  However, you can overcome this with the BitPim software (Google it.  It's free.)Misc. - There are a couple of quirks that may or may not be an issue for you.  When you open up the phone to access the keyboard, it will not lay flat on a desk or other surface due to the camera.  This seems to be a side effect of trying to make the 9900 thinner than the 9800.  Second, the outer display is smaller than that of the 9800.  This is a trade off of making the navigation buttons a little more accessible. Neither of these is of much importance to me, but some people might find to be more serious drawbacks.Bottom line:  This is a great phone that does a lot of other things really well too.  Unless you need full PDA features this phone should cover your needs.

...AWFUL!!  Allow me to elaborate.When I first bought it, I loved it!  Everything worked.  I had had Nokias up to that point.  They were all simplistic phones.  I decided it was time to branch out to a more complex phone.  The QWERTY keyboard really attracted me, so I "upgraded" to the LG ENV.  At least, I thought it was an upgrade.  Within 6 months I was ready to throw it out of my car window!Here's a short list of the difficulties that I encountered with this phone:-Reception started getting really sketchy.  Lots of feedback and echo too.  That wasn't so bad because...-Call clarity & volume became nearly unintelligible.  I had the phone all the way up and could barely hear. When it was loud enough to hear the voices were so distorted it was very difficult to communicate apart from being in an almost silent room.-Menu.  It's not laid out in a very logical way.  The menu is fairly difficult to navigate and is not very intuitive.-Shutdown.  After about 8 months the phone kept shutting itself off.  It wasn't a battery issue.  It would just suddenly turn off.  VERY annoying!-Button layout.  The QWERTY keyboard is extremely nice.  However, the 4-way directional on the front cover was frustrating.  In using the directional, I just about had to grow my fingernail longer just to try to manage it.  It was discouraging.The upshot?  After owning the LG ENV, I've decided that I will not purchase another product from LG.  From quality to ergonomics, it was a terrible experience.How did it end?  After less than a year, I paid my way out of the contract and got the G1 from T-Mobile.  I REALLY didn't want to leave Verizon, but they wouldn't give me any kind of break to upgrade from the ENV.  It was okay though.  The G1 is an excellent phone that I still have to this day over 2+ years and am now using it in Mexico.  It even was cheaper to pay out the remaining year+ on my contract and switch to the G1.  Their plans were cheaper.  Now, I'm getting ripped off by Telcel.  Go figure!!  Take care.

Very satisfied with this phone so far. Great keyboard for multimedia & texting applications. Very nice 2MP camera & video camera. Nice to have the Micro SD slot for extra memory capacity. My Motorola Bluetooth H700 works with this phone really well. My only complaints is the speaker phone only works with the unit flipped open, otherwise all of the benifits outway the complaints.

I have had this phone for a year. One day, After the 1 year mark, i set the phone down and it started to freak out on me. it started pressing the * button over and over and i tred texting and it would write random words. i have to update my phone every few days just to recieve text messages. i was talking to another girl with the same phone. i didn't tell her my problems with my phone, yet she was telling me the same thing was happening to her phone.

Everything about this phone is awesome. The quality of the phone is much better than my last Motorola phone. I love the text pad and have had zero problems with the phone. If you're a text messaging type of person this is for you. The sound quality on the phone when playing music is also good.My 2 issues with the phone: The vibrate style cant be changed. On my Moto phone I could chose between different vibrates(2 short, 1 short, 1 long, short long, etc). I also would like it if it had cut copy and paste in the messaging features. These are really insignificant though.I would highly recommend the phone. It's a wonderful size and very light weight. 5 Stars.

My biggest complain with Verizon was the terrible ringers the phones came with, and the cost of getting new ringers. The EnV allows you to make any sound you recieve via message a ringer and add it as a sound for your phone, so you can send it to other people. The first night I had it I browsed the internet and loaded up the phone with probably 30 ringers. I has at least 40mb of space available for fill, and I'm probably close to maxing that out.My only complaint with the phone is a small one and not really a sticking point at all. The camera is in a sort of odd spot, but there really wasn't another place to put it. You'll find that the phone won't sit flat on a table and often I have my fingers over the lense when I'm trying to take a picture.All in all a terrific phone. I don't see myself replacing it with another type anytime soon.

I love this phone.Like: I can hear others perfectly.I have no problem hearing the phone ring (if the ring is at a  normal volume tone).I love the texting abilities, it is so easy that now I get frustrated using my husband's phone.It is very sturdy.Battery life is great.Don't like: no selection in ring styles and those that are there pretty much stink.  My hubby found a way around it that if he records a video of the music we want as a ring he can send it to me and I can save it as a ring.To take a picture straight you have to hold the camera sideways.Voice recognition isn't great, but I haven't bothered to try to use it much.

i had this phone for about a year (give or take a few months) and I loved it. I know that now its all about the touch screen phones and apps, but this phone really was fun and easy to use. I never had a problem with it, i mean sure its not the best phone out there, but i really loved having it. The camera wasnt bad at all the pictures it took werent bad at all. i loved being  able to open it and text or to just use the front of it. all in all im not a electronics geek, but ive had some pretty bad phones and this one is one of the best ive had just for reliablity. if your looking for  a phone thats easy to use for mainly just texting, calling and a little web this phone is perfect. i definitely miss it :D

The LG enV is a great phone with many features. The keyboard for texting is my favorite! The "speakephone" is a pain....when it is closed, in a case,on your hip and you are in a room full of noise , it is hard to hear it ringing. When you put the speakerphone on when open and try to talk to someone the person on the other end asks you to turn it off you are breaking up. The other thing about this phone is that the internal pics you assign to an individual caller are so small you need a magnifying glass to really see them....LG could have utilized the full screen for those of us with the over 40 eyes. I am thinking of purchasing the new jawbone headset and hoping that it syncs properly. But overall for the price it is a  great phone. BUY IT AND TRY IT maybe it will be different for you.

Could of Been Decent But....Verizon F*CKS it up again with the menu style. Doesnt Verizon get it???!!!!!! No customer wants that standard User Interface that they have planted on every Verizon phone. If the brand is LG, Samsung, or Motorola it would be nice 2 use the interface that they actually built specifically for the phone instead of subjecting everyone 2 that awful interface of Verizon standard. Other then that i dont really have much complaints except the front screen could of been bigger. I am pleased so far but then again ive only had the phone for 2 hours.

i bought this phone on jan 27 from amazon -- verified that i was buying from amazon and product was shipping from amazon and in stock.  STILL Don't have phone -- but i have billing from verizon!!  surprise!  and guess what?  my phone is expected on feb 27!  that's the best amazon can do!  so -- if you want a cell phone in less than a month, do yourself a favor and buy it somewhere else.  you might pay a little more (i was saving $25 over my local verizon store) but at least YOU'LL HAVE A PHONE!

(This review was originally written for the LG enV Orange, but is also being posted here as almost all of the review applies to the silver enV as well.)-------------------The background paragraph: I work for a cell phone software company porting games to the many cell phones available on the market. What that can be boiled down to is that I have a lot of knowledge of handset quirks/bugs, stability, and look+feel, but not much knowledge for comparing handsets on how well they operate when placing actual phone calls, or trying to carry the phone around in your pocket, etc. It should also be noted that I mainly have experience with brew phones (Verizon, Alltel, US Cellular, Cricket, etc), and next to no experience with j2me phones (Sprint, Cingular, etc). The vx9900 is a brew device.When it came time to upgrade my old LG vx8100, I choose the LG vx9900 Orange (enV Orange). Based on my own personal needs, I feel it is the best brew device on the market at the time of this writing. I did not give it a 5-star rating because the web browser on all current Verizon phones leaves something to be desired. This looks to be changing for the new models of phones being released later this year.Below, any point which is a positive editorial is prefixed with a "(+)". Any point which is a negative editorial is prefixed with a "(-)". A neutral editorial is denoted with a "(.)".SHAPE-----(+) The phone feels good in the hands. Not every phone does. Its edges are well curved.(.) Nothing special about how well it is carried in a pocket. It's not as light as the various razr's, but it is the slimmest brew device that offers a qwerty keyboard.(+) As a previous reviewer pointed out, the 9900 actually LOOKS like a camera when it is used for that purpose. See the "camera" section below for more details.(-) When the device is opened, and if is placed on a desk to type on like a mini desk-top computer, it will wobble. This is because the back of the phone is not level, on account of the camera lens which protrudes 2mm. The wobble does make using the keyboard in this manner impractical, though not impossible. Luckily, it won't damage the lens due to the lens cover.HOWEVER: Something which I have not read in other reviews which have written about this design flaw is that the wobble can be reduced to a practical level (but not eliminated entirely) if the phone is opened to a full 180 degrees. A little-known feature of the device is that it has two available angles when opened, about 135 degrees and 180 degrees. At 180 degrees, the wobble is reduced, but now the screen is flat with the table and so is not as convenient to look at, though not in a crippling way.In field testing, I find that I'm rarely in a situation where I need to use the keyboard while sitting at a desk anyway. In those situations, there's usually an actual computer in front of me. Rather, I use the phone's keyboard when out on the town, in which case it is held in the hands. The thumbs do get sore when typing in this manner, however.KEYBOARD--------(+) Along with its predecessor the vx9800, the vx9900 offers the best keyboard available on brew cell phones, hands down. Most notably because it has a dedicated row for the numeric keys. On all other qwerty brew devices, this is not the case... with the exception of the LG ax490, although its keyboard is impractical for other reasons (do a Google image search on the device to see what I mean). The keys give a quiet, mechanical "click" when pressed, which is nice feedback.(.) A number of reviews have complained about the space bar not being positioned at the bottom center of the keyboard. Personally, I've had no trouble adapting to the space bar positions.(.) A number of reviews also criticize the positioning of the volume keys. When the clamshell is opened to its 135 degree position, it's difficult to wedge your finger behind the screen to reach the volume key. However, when I need to access those keys I simply pop the screen down to its 180 degree position, easily play with the keys to my heart's content, then pop it back to 135 degrees.(+) Unlike its predecessor the vx9800, the vx9900 hinges its clamshell in such a way that the screen folds behind the keyboard. This makes access to the two soft keys easier.(+) The symbols written on the keys light up, making it easy for night time use. Handy since I mainly use the keyboard when out on the town.(.) Some of the keys are shaded grey rather than black to make them stand out as keys to use as an alternate directional pad (there's already a dedicated directional pad on the keyboard.) As a game developer, I can fill you in that Verizon REQUIRES games to accept these keys as alternate directional input for the vx9900. So you know it is supported. However, I don't find them any easier to use than the dedicated directional pad. The only advantage I can think of is it may be more natural if you are left handed.(+) The vx9900 Orange has a special button in the upper left corner labeled "enV". For the silver version of the vx9900, this button is instead labeled "email". Though I have not tried the button on my company's silver vx9900, I believe I've read that it only can bring up the email app, just like it's labeled. For the enV Orange, however, you can assign this button to any of a number of shortcuts. Unfortunately, you can not assign it to be ANY shortcut you'd like (what I'd really enjoy would be to have it launch the web browser to a specific URL of my choice.) Instead you can only assign it to one of 10 options granted to you (Email (which launches the web browser), Text Message, Video Message, Mobile IM, Wireless Sync, V CAST Videos, Picture Message, V CAST Music, Pacman, and Tetris). Holding the button down launches your assigned shortcut. Tapping the button brings up a list of all the mentioned shortcuts, for you to scroll to and then launch.(+) There's a dedicated speaker-phone button right on the keyboard.PHONE CALLS-----------(+) I've yet to experience bad reception on my end.(.) I do not know if I've had dropped calls due to my phone. There have been calls dropped, but the person I called blamed it on their phone.(-) A complaint I've read about numerous times for the vx9900 is that it will sometimes launch a speed-dial when you are not using the phone. I've never used speed dialing on my previous phones, and after reading this complaint I've made a decision to not use it on this phone. Having not tried it, I can not comment on this. However this complaint has arisen enough times that it should be taken seriously if you are someone who enjoys speed-dial features. An alternate may be to use voice-command dialing instead.As an aside, one of the reviews I read attributed this defect to the clamshell getting wedged in a carrying case or purse in such a way as to open its clamshell slightly, which would deactivate the key-guard for a few seconds, allowing accidental key presses during that time to launch their assigned speed-dial numbers. Out of curiosity I compared my enV Orange against my company's silver enV to see how far the clamshell needed to be opened in order for the key guard to be deactivated. My Orange needed to open by a smaller amount for this condition to be met.CAMERA------(+) The phone LOOKS like a camera when you use it as one. It is held horizontally, and you tap your finger on the top right corner to snap a shot.(+) It has a lens cover.(-) If auto-focus is activated, which you will want to use, then photos are not taken instantaneously. You have to wait for the click.(+) 2.0 megapixels.(+) Decent frame rate for videos. Better than my vx8100. There have been times when it looked choppy, but often it looks fluid. Examples are below.(+) If you have a memory card, videos recorded to the card are not given a short time limit.(-) When examined closely, the photos look grainy. I suspect, but have not confirmed, that the camera does not have the full range of millions of colors we are used to on computers. To see what I mean, take a look at the example photo linked to below. Look closely at the pink of the toy in that photo, or the red bow on the toy. The toy is supposed to be smooth plastic, but it looks a bit grainy.If a photo is shrunk down (and they are rather large), this can eliminate the graininess.(-) Videos look very grainy.SAMPLE PHOTOS and VIDEOS:I've put onto the web some photos/videos of a friend and I dismantling an Etch-a-Sketch to see what was inside. With the exception of the drawings, which were scanned in, the images were taken with my vx9900 Orange.[...]Here's a direct link to a sample photo, taken at the phone's highest resolution setting of 1600x1200:[...]Here's a direct link to a sample video, taken at the phone's highest resolution of 320x240. I speak very quietly by nature, so don't worry video volumes are normally ok. Also, the phone does not natively save videos to .wmv format, I had to convert them:[...]BATTERY LIFE:------------(+) So far I'm happy with this. I've been recharging maybe every 4-10 days, depending on how the phone is used that week. I'm not a heavy user. Do make sure to follow the carrier's suggestion of fully charging your phone before using it for the first time, and to fully (or near-fully) use up the battery before the first few recharges.MISC:-----(+) The device comes with a GPS Navigation app, complete with a voice giving you directions. I have not had a chance to use this, as I do not have a car. Sounds cool. However, Verizon does charge you out the nose to use it. You can buy a monthly subscription, or pay to use it for a day. Also, the car phone-holders currently available for the vx9900 seem like they can only hold the phone in its closed state, though I have not tried them.(+) Nice, stereo speakers when open.(+) Accepts micro memory cards.*NOTE*: There are reviews on this site stating that the vx9900 will not recognize any memory beyond 1 Gigabyte. This was true for old firmware versions, BUT IS NO LONGER THE CASE. If you get a phone (weather it's the enV or not), do make sure to update its firmware first thing, as it's free to do. I am using a 2 GB card, and the phone recognizes the 2GB available. It's possible go higher than 2GB (I forget what the current limit is, but I think it's 4 GB). HOWEVER, reviews I've read state that any card greater than 2GB will be so thick that tweezers are required to remove it from the phone. The 2 GB card I use slides out just fine. I have not personally tried larger cards.(.) Many reviewers noted the front screen's small size as a mark against the enV. It is a very small screen. If a large front screen is a part of your needs, you may want to wait until the vx10000 is released (details below).Personally, I prefer a functional, non-impressive front screen. The reason being that the front screen is exposed to the elements. I stuff my phone in my bag, and so if anything bad were to happen such as the phone getting scratched, then the nice large screen shall remain unharmed. When I feel like breaking out of stealth-mode and showing off the phone's dazzle, then I open it up. And when in show-off mode, it DOES impress - people ask me what phone it is when it is opened.(+) Lots of blue tooth options. I have not played with any of them, and so can not comment.(+) The IM client works swell, and having a keyboard really shines here. Verizon will charge each message sent and each message received as a txt message. Actually running the IM client doesn't cost you anything, however.(.) I have not tried the vcast features, and so can not comment on them.(+) Most people don't care for cell phone games, but speaking as someone who works in the cell phone game industry, I can say that games on this device look a lot better than they do on plenty of other devices. Verizon requires games to make use of a phone's full screen, so the wide screen of the vx9900 is a nice feature.(+) From a programming stand point, the vx9900 is stable without a lot of quirks (this can not be said for a lot of devices). From a user's stand-point, this doesn't mean much, but can be reassuring to know.VX9900 vs vx10000-----------------The vx10000 is the successor to the vx9900. At the time of this writing, it is not yet available in stores, but will be soon. If you are thinking of getting a vx9900, should you wait until the vx10000 is released?Well, the vx10000 is not in my office yet, so I have not had a chance to play with it. And although I do have access to its technical information, I am under agreement to not share that with the public. However, if you perform internet searches you can get some details. Namely, it has a HUGE front screen. This screen is touch-sensitive. It also has what looks to be a much better web browser. A good browser interfaced with a touch-screen has a lot of potential of they implement it right. The internal screen is also larger. Further, the back of the phone is flat, eliminating the "wobble" problem described earlier in this review for the vx9900.On the minus side, the vx10000 does not yet look to be orange. =D

ARGH, I really really wanted to love this phone but I just can't.  My husband and I bought these phones for Christmas.  We love the text messaging....sooooo easy....but the actual phone sucks. I can't talk to him when there is anyone at all talking nearby me because he can hear the background noise louder than he hears me. So all he hears from me is chopped up syllables while he can hear the entire conversation of the person who is clear across the room from me.  And it is the same for me when he is near anyone else.I am so embarrassed to talk to anyone of importance on this phone because they truly cannot understand a word I say.  I lost an interview possibility because of it.Verizon...get your heads out of your behinds and fix the phone, it is an embarrassment.  By far the worst phone I have ever owned and I have been a Verizon customer for many many years.

This phone is the best phone ever. Seriously, I hvae dropped it over 30 times and it works like it is brand new. The keys are nice and spaced out (not like a Sidekick) and make is easy to type. Personally, I think it is easier to type on this phone than a sidekick. Also, the verizon serivce is GREAT so my phone works almost all the time and everywhere. I really think that you should get this phone if you are a verizon customer, and if you aren't a Verizon customer then make the switch becuase I am pretty sure you will love this phone.

I was looking to get the V by verizon but the clunky size turned me off from it but I am glad that I waited because the enV is a lot better in terms of size and the way it looks.The enV is great in that it has 2 screens, a great camera, has fantastic sound and is very user friendly. I like that the phone can dub as a mp3 player and a mini computer. I had no trouble going online to read the news or check email because the inside screen is large and clear. The bottons are also easy to use making it easy to type and surf the net. I was even able to go on some message boards with this phone!The phone also has a nice calendar feature and even can calculate your tip amount for you when you dine out. The wallpaper choices that come with the phone are great as well--the colors are so vivid even if the pic is simple looking.The downside is the fact that Verizon is not only expensive but I have been having problems using Vcast. Sometimes I get a message that I don't have a subscription to Vcast when I know in fact that I do and sometimes the phone software freezes up and the phone ends up "restarting" like how a computer does when it crashes.Vcast is great in terms of music and ringtones-they have nearly everything but some songs sound low in sound while others play very loudly.The phone also lets you use IM (AOL, YIM, MSN) but charges it as a text message. I hope Verizon comes up with a better way to bill the usage soon.Anyway I highly recommend this phone despite my issues with Verizon's service.

Most of the good things you read are correct. Here are two terrible, very irritating things about this phone. They're bad enough to dock it one star for each one:1) Its volume is too loud for MP3s with earphones. Even at the lowest volume setting, if I use in-ear earphones the volume is at about the max I ever listen to music at. With some songs it's actually too loud--and I like really loud music. The calibration is way off. This is a known problem and one LG definitely knew about before releasing it. The only way around it is to use over-ear earphones to dull the decibels a bit or use earphones with a built-in volume control.2) WHO AT LG was responsible for the "lock" feature of this phone? The way to unlock the phone is by pressing the OK button in the middle of the phone. This is the largest button on the phone and elevated from the surface above other buttons. Result? My phone frequently (about once/day) will unlock itself and call people or start playing music. Most phones have a two-key combination to press that ensures this doesn't happen. This phone lacks that and having it frequently calling others is infuriating at best.3) (Bonus) Don't bother with the data cable. I bought it, but the transfer rate is I estimate somewhere between 5-15k/second. It takes forever to move anything over. Don't bother; buy a microSD card reader from Ebay to get music/pics on and off the card.Otherwise, the phone is great. Long battery life, superb screen, camera, MP3 playability (even if the interface for that is fairly unwieldy), large volume for the earpiece, but how LG let it get out with the volume issue and the keyboard lock issue I really have no idea. I'd bet your life that this was brought up in QC meetings before release.

Good evening,My wife and I purchased an LG ENV for our son and we have several questions:- can the music transferred from my computer be in WMA or MP3 format- is there any advantage to either format- we can't get the cellphone to play the music from the memory card, even though the memory card was formatted- can you please provide detailed directions to transfer music from my computer to the cellphone

After semi-drooling over my brother's original LG V-Phone he bought about 2 years ago, I finally got the EnV as my first cellphone. While the enV's predecessor made history with being an "all in one" true cellphone, it doesn't stand up to it's new brother. The enV packs as much as it can possible into a slim, VERY sleek package, whihc will surely pay you back with double-takes and as advertised, envy. While I'm not one who enjoys being followed around by green-eyed monsters, I still appreciate every little goody this phone offers: QWERTY keyboard,  2 mp pictures, video, microSD (up to 4 gb!), huge screen, mp3 playback; the enV is a great phone for tech enthusiasts. If you're someone looking for a no-frills, take-for-granted phone, then the enV is one to save your money for, that is unless you're buying it off amazon ;) (thanks amazon for the GREAT prices!) Although, if you're one who is looking more for email usage, a blackberry may be more your style, as the email service with verizon can be more expensive than blackberry.Overall this is a fantastic phone that offers loads of fun, "let me see that" features. My only personal letdown so far is the inability to play my own mp3 clips (Verizon wireless tones doesn't include Radiohead :( ), but they do offer a decent library of call/ringback tones. Get this phone if you're: a) a big texter, b) a techie, or c) someone who wants as much as they can get in a well-sized phone.

I recently upgraded my phone as my two year plan was up and I had a $50 credit with Verizon.I chose the LG enV for the large "qwerty" keyboard (which i love), graphics and BONUS there was a navigational system built right into it that I didnt know of!  And futhermore I have discovered that you can record a phone call.  Great features and this phone is reasonably priced.You can access your email, use Vcast for your videos/online, and even expand your music library with the mini SD card slot.Tons of features for a great price!

There is a great deal on an enV on Ebay with tons of Extras and you don't have to buy another contract!!!!

I have now had this phone for about a month now and i absolutely love it. Its a texting machine, if you get this phone def. get a texting plan with it. If i had to complain about something its that you only get about 3 hours talk time out of it, but that isnt even that bad, so im still very pleased. Verizons reception in my area is very good, and this tranaction with Amazon was very seamless, great deal. Note- this phone in 80 to 100 dollars cheaper on here, hence the reason why i didnt buy it in the verizon store not even 5 min. away from my house.

I researched, researched, and researched many cell phones over the last 2 months as our "new every two" drew near.  I looked online, talked to many people, and tried out many phones at my local Verizon store and I ultimately decided on the enV for both my wife and I. It was a tough call, also considering mostly the VX8700 and the VX9400, but decided that the enV had what we needed and more importantly, had what we would really use.  What a great choice!  It delivers on everything it promises and is by far, the best out of the bunch.  Did I mention I did my research?  My wife loves the enV almost more than I do.Believe it or not though, I lost sleep over the "big" decision (you may be too, right now if you are actually reading this), however reading a great  many online reviews, both pro and con, really helped me make a solid decision and I feel obligated to help others.If you are considering this phone, I seriously doubt you will regret buying it.  So many of the cons other reviewers mention really are pretty minor and you will love it anyway.  The camera is amazing, the VZ Navigator is great, the speakerphone works perfectly, and on the whole, it is really a great working cell phone!  I hope you will sleep well tonight as you make your decision--I am, being very happy with my great Orange enV.

I was use to having a flip phone- and wasnt to sure about getting this phone, but I am very glad I did. Its a great phone, epecially if you do a lot of texting. I like that you can text from the front or flip it open to text inside- where you can type very quick.I'm not to fond of it only holding a certain amount of texts in the inbox- and you have to delete them, it doesnt do it manually. But that can be done realy quick by just hitting the delete inbox.Everyone that I know that has this phone does have a little problem with the sound. Every now and then the phone wont ring - and the volume will be on loud. Or it wont make a noise when you recieve a text. All you have to do is turn it off then back on. It doesnt bother me enough to want to change phones by any means.Definently a great phone.

I've had the phone for about three months and agree that it's a great phone.  A couple of solutions to the issues people brought up.  You can go back by using the CLR button (obviously not real intuitive).  As far as the camera and the lens placement causing you to put your finger in front of the lens.  I consulted a technical guru for his opinion and after much contemplating, here's the solution he gave, "What, are your fingers the size of my arm, move your finger."But seriously, a great phone, I do have one issue.  With the phone on, it is very easy to bump the keypad and accidently dial or redial numbers.  If anyone has a solution other than turning the phone off :), I'd appreciate it.

Haven't got the phone yet, but on the top of my list. Their calling plan page seems to be confusing. All the plans with this phone have a roaming charge of $0.69/min. However, in the footnote section of the same page, there is "(Unlimited)No domestic roaming charges" Do they have roaming charge or not???

I had purchased two phones on Amazon.com that indicated have Verizon Wireless's rebates. I followed the link and entered serial number and found no rebate.  I called VZW and they don't care about purchasing made on here. I called on Amazon and told the problem was on the Verizon side.  After more than 10 calls, Amazon agreed to give me partial rebate, but asked me to wait four weeks to receive it.  I waited more than four months, still nothing.

I've been using the enV for a few weeks and I'm very happy with it. The QWERTY keypad is great for txt messages and adding contacts. The front display is indeed small, but it's big enough to see an incoming call or choose a phone number. I use the inner keypad 95% of the time. My only complaint about the phone itself is that the call quality is average at best.Here are a few other things to keep in mind....* You do not need the $30 essentials music pack to transfer music if you have a card reader. Just remember to put the micro SD card in the enV first and format it before putting music on it (the format puts 4 folders on the card)- the phone DOES recognize more than 1GB - my 2GB card works fine.- if not all your songs are recognized, shorten the file name. I wrote to tech support who responded that there's a limit on the file name length. The fix worked. (Yes, it's a pain to have to do it.)* In previous years I found some really great discounts on cell plans on the Internet. Now it seems that everyone offers the same pricing structure, which was a disappointment.*The Amazon price varies dramatically, so if you don't need the phone immediately, watch the price for a few weeks. It's $99 as I write, it was free with rebates a couple of weeks ago, and I got $30 back after rebates when I bought it several weeks ago. (Phone + plan)* Pay attention to the screens in the checkout process. I just wanted the phone and calling plan, but the default selections on the screens leading to the final purchase would have added $20 here, $10 there for things I didn't want. To Amazon's credit, they did have the best overall price - I checked numerous sites before deciding to buy it here.* Verizon has a lot of extra fees if you want to use most of the phone's cool features. They even charge an extra $1.95 per month to get a detailed list of all the phone calls you make! These charges can really add up. It might be wise to call Verizon and ask if the things you want to do with the phone cost extra so you know what the actual monthly bill would look like.* If you use an IM program like AIM and don't buy an extra txt message package you'll be charged $.15 to send and $.10 to receive each IM (every time you press "Enter.")- In addition to the txt charges, just having IM programs open in the background use air minutes....so it's fine to have it on nights and weekends if you're on an unlimited plan for those hours. If not, you'll burn through your monthly allotment of minutes in a day or two!In summary, the phone is great but watch out for additional charges incurred to make good use of the phone's capabilities.

I got this phone about a year ago, it's held up pretty well. I've dropped it countless amounts of times and it's still working perfectly. (knock on wood)The only complaints i have is that it's kind of big and sometimes it doesn't fit all the way in my jean pockets and falls out and occasionally the keyguard will turn off in my pocket and it will sometimes dial random numbers, but it's not a big deal. It's a good phone and the camera is great for a phone camera.

The stars are stuck.  If they worked I would rate it a FIVE star.I got this phone when it first came out and have been very pleased with it.  Awesome photographs (and you can easily send them to your computer via e-mail).  The calendar is wonderful!  Great for appointments without going to a full PDA.  I like the full keyboard and the user friendly keypad.The one thing I would strongly suggest is to READ THE DIRECTIONs.  I think most of the problems will disappear for those who do that.

FIRST I want to congrats AMAZON. I bought my LG-enV from Amazon and the first phone I recvd although new in a sealed box - had problems. 24 hrs after I notified them my new phone was having problems they overnited me another one 100% hassle free. THANKS AMAZON. Now back to the phone, Its STURDY as hell and can take a beating. I've dropped mine on a hard surface a couple times AND thanks to my beloved dog Mr.Peppi, 20% of my phone was submerged in water. Now the little "pink" dot under the battery is RED (LG's way to tell if you got your phone wet & VOIDS any warranty - Most phones have that, not only LG) BUT NOT TO WORRY - I shook out any excess water, let the phone dry and IT WORKS FINE. To be honest about it, this happened to me TWICE, and phone still works great. ALSO - the MP3 player is AMAZING. I absolutely recommend you get the music MP3 software & earbuds (arround $30.00 additional). The sound is BETTER than my SamSung SENSA MP3 player. I don't use the SENSA anymore, just the LG-enV. Why carry a phone + MP3 player when the phone MP3 player sound GREAT!! Sorry BUT I can't review on the camera because since I dropped the phone a couple times all my pics come out fuzzy. I strongly believe this was MY fault. I heard from other people that the camera works GREAT and does a nice job. MY ONLY COMPLAINT is how BULKY this phone is - Aside from that I would say DEFINITELY BUY IT!!!As always, THANKS for reading my reviews and be well. The WebbMan

I'm writing this from my wife's account.  I replaced my Motorola E815 when I ran over it,  with the Samsung SCH A930, then this phone after a long research for an upgrade.  I thought I couldn't beat my old phones by much, but I was wrong.  Not only does it play the WMA format, it plays the MP3 format too.... :) Great screen inside and great camera.  Love the orange color.  I thought the Motorola E815 was good, but not even close to this.  I can't complain.  Great phone and worth every penny.  Easy to text, access functions, and so forth.

I would have to agree with the majority that this phone is absolutely excellent. I just love everything about it. It looks nice, it has an outstanding camera, plays music/videos, long battery life (to me), and it makes texting soooooo easy. I upgraded to this from the Lg VX8100, which was a music phone, and my only tiny tiny drawback is that the speakers on this phone plays music reasonably loud and yet when you put headphones/earpieces in, it's suddenly way too loud, but that's not a major problem when there's so much positive about the phone. I'd recommend it even for the person who doesn't text or take pictures. Very solid. Verizon has a winner now.

just bought it yesterday evening and let me tell you, its the most amazing phone ive ever used. pictures are magnificent really clear and actually look like what you took. battery life is great, charged it when i got home, been messing around with it for about 4 hours and it hasnt come close to dying its till full. i love the QWERTY keyboard its very handy, instead of going to verizon to have them put your contacts in and charge you, i did it myself in about 15 minutes. i recommend this phone for people who cant text but know how to type on a keyboard. its easy simple and an overall GREAT phone.

After the disaster that was the RAZR v3m this phone met all my expectations.Great photos! Nice and sharp. Easily take photos of documents. Handy lens cover like a real camera. Auto-focus slows shutter speed but improve picture quality. At 1600x1200 they are almost good enough to print. You can even print wirelessly by Bluetooth. Photos are about 500k in size, with a $20 256 meg microSD you can hold hundreds of photos. Oh yeah, make sure you get a Sandisk or Kingston, some of the other cheaper brands will not work.Bluetooth is not crippled! You can transfer photos and videos right to your PC from this phone, transfer rate is about 33k/sec, not fast but OK. Also videos are captured at 320x200 and do not have a time limit!Bitpim works with this phone's Bluetooth to backup your phonebook!Great keyboard, I was amazed it works as well as it does, I do not IM but for putting in phonebook information it makes it fast and easy.Bettery life is good, I get 3 days of use from 1 charge.Size, it not super slim like the Razr but fits nicely in your pocket.No real complaints, from a picky person its high praise.Way to go LG!!

I bought this phone without checking it out. The sound is too low and the phone is slippery and hard to hold on to. I drop it everyday. Bad sound, I am thinking about going back to my old phone thats doing just fine, but battery was getting shorter each day. Had to charge it. Wish I could find a battery for it.Good thing about the new one is if you text message it is a jewel.

I love the full keyboard. The space button being in the lower corners is interesting to get used to but once you are, it's easy to use. I like the text to voice for messages, especially while driving, and the voice to text application is awesome. The voice commands needs a little work because it doesn't understand everything the first time and any background noise will cause it to misunderstand you as well. The screen is a bit smaller than I'd like. And the mic being on the inside of the flip makes me sound muffled to others. I couldn't get the bluetooth to sync with another LG phone, though I know this is to prevent ringtones from being shared, I wanted to send pictures. So, as much as I love the phone, I just couldn't give it a 5. I really hope that if LG comes out with another generation they fix the mic issue from being on the inside of the flip, to maybe just the bottom of the phone. A bigger screen would make this phone a total SideKick LX killer. And an app for MySpace mobile would be most excellent. But for now it's only a 4 star.

I was late to the cell phone game, anyway.  I rocked a beeper until at least 2001.  After which I was a plain-Jane flip-phone user.  Of course, my luck with such phones has left a trail of half broken hinges from New York to Seattle.When it came time for my most recent phone upgrade I reluctantly decided on the LG enV.  It seemed like more phone than I'd ever needed or would ever use.  However, I have happily accepted I'm wrong.Though I have a serious case of fat-thumbism, this phone works with me and not against me.  The interior keypad is easy to use, though which buttons to push when and which order did set me back the first few times.  I'm not a techno-idiot but I'm not as committed to maximizing the use or my understanding of my digital hardware as some are.The camera feature is a breeze to use and takes excellent photos.I love the notepad option as well.  As a writer, I'm often want to capture a thought or observation when I don't have a pen and paper handy.  This phone has had my back more than a few times.The only pitfalls I'd personally caution against are a) the little raised portion around the ear piece, it always digs into my ear, and b) when using blue-tooth the front keypad does not automatically lock (or lock at all, but I can't be sure) so there are sometimes embarrassing hangups due to inner pants pocket pressure.Overall, I have come to trust and enjoy this phone and would recommend it especially to those who are a) on a budget, of sorts, b) like to txt msg all the time, and c) generally like to use their cell phones for everything in between.

I've posted a photo in the picture gallery on the main LG enV page (click on the red tulip) to show how well this camera does.  It actually has the ability to blur the background slightly, thus highlighting your foreground subject.  As an advanced amateur photographer, I'm really amazed!  Here's a tip for those of you complaining about the slow focus.  Go into the menu and set the focus for "two step."  Your first button push will focus your subject and turn the yellow focus box to red (why not green?)  It works just like a "half-press-to-focus" digital camera.  The next press takes the picture almost instantly.Another thing you'll appreciate if you've been a victim of Verizon's crippled Bluetooth on previous phones is the ability to transfer your pictures via Bluetooth.  Finally someone at Verizon understands that the purpose of Bluetooth is not just to sell headsets.  And you'll need a transfer capability if you shoot at 2MP, because Verizon has nixed sending such a big file size (boo!)  You can send photos via email if you shoot at lower resolution.You also have the ability to make movies up to one hour if you add a memory card (highly recommended.)  Otherwise you will only get a 15-second clip.  The memory card is a really tiny micro-SD, but you shouldn't have to take it out ever if you use USB or Bluetooth to transfer files.If you're a serious photographer this phone won't take the place of your digital camera, but it will help those of you who, like me, feel naked without a camera on you at all times.There's not much more to add that hasn't been said, except to ignore the typical "one star" reviews from people who either don't own the phone or are complaining that they didn't get their phone yet.  What the heck does that have to do with the phone's capabilities?  As for Verizon service, I've been with them for years and have not had a problem.If you're into serious phone toys, this one's for you.

I used this phone the other day, and it seems lovely.  The keypad is easy to use, and the specs are great.  Nice camera, nice sound, video a plus.  I use T-Mobile and have a Sidekick III, and I'd have to say that I prefer the SKIII over this phone, because of ease-of-use and the interface.I guess my biggest question is why does Verizon have a phone like this when they have such a limited data plan?  Don't they have a limit of 2000 texts a month?  Or do they have another data service I don't know about?  A web package perhaps?Seems like a waste  :/

Couple of items that need mentioned since by reading the other reviews you obviously know that this phone ROCKS....1) DO NOT waste your money on the sync data cable and music essential pack. All you need is a Micro-SD reader, about $10, and you can pop out the micro sd card and transfer music in that manner. I was able to burn any songs I wanted from iTunes as an audio CD, then import them into Windows Media Player to convert them to WMA and drag and drop into the music folder on the micro sd card. (Once you format the card through your EnV it will add 4 folders)2) DO NOT waste your money on anything bigger then a 1gb Micro SD card. They sell them almost everywhere, I got mine for $22 on eBay. The reason you cannot go any bigger is that the EnV will only accept 1gb and after the card is formatted (required) if the card is larger then 1gb then only 1gb will be recognized.3) I have read where people have had the phone speed-dail while in their pocket and/or case. I cannot see how this could happen if you have the 'keypad lock' set to activate. I have mine set on 7 seconds. For it to make a call on it's own it would have to have any button pushed, then have the 'ok' button pushed, then have the speed dial button pushed. All of this would have to take place within 7 seconds or the 'keypad lock' would be reset. I have taken mine out of the case to see where a button has been pushed but the screen will state to 'push ok to unlock' to continue to use the phone.4) If you do buy the phone off of eBay and they mention a rebate offer, make sure that you are getting a 'point of sale' receipt. You will need this along with the rebate form...don't trust everyone, check to see if they are an actual Verizon Retailer.5) You will need a case to cover the entire phone, I would hate the see the front screen get all scratched up. They have some nice leather ones, like the Monoca series, on the internet.6) Yes, the outter screen and the inside screen can be set to different wallpapers as well as the keys and shortcuts can be set to different functions, very handy and well thought out. None of the keys get on the way while using the phone such as in the RAZR's case. While using the internal keypad your hand will be on the outter camera lens and I have once accidentally opened the lens cap by twisting the outter silver ring; no biggie, just need to check this prior to laying it down on something to keep the lens from being scatched.Well I hope you enjoy your phone and I hope this set some things straight. I love mine and going from a traditional style flip phone to this was not bad at all. Very comfortable to hold and the phone works great!!

ok so, this phone seemed really good at first. its REALLY indestructible. i was at a soccer game, and it fell in a leak and it was fine after. i literally dropped it in water and it had no damage. also, my friends dropped my phone a lot when they were using it and NOTHING happened. now, like a year later, this phone is getting really annoying.here are some things that i really hate about it:-as many other people wrote in their reviews, it turns off whenever it wants to. whether im in the middle of a text, or a call, or whatever. this is not because of battery problems.-it doesn't have a stop watch. i find a stop watch very useful and there are many times that i need it and i dont have it.-when i want to text a friend, i have to actually go to my contact list, go to their name, click on options, and press send a text message. i can't just go to new message and type their name in and have their name pop up. and, i can't type their name in by myself and just send the message because it will say it is an invalid number.-the phone has such bad reception; i cant ever even understand what the person on the other line is saying, and no one can understand what im saying.-when im talking on the phone i feel like im talking with a stick. i HATE the feeling of it and the phone is so stubby it feels so bad.some of these problems could be caused by the incidents above like when i dropped my phone in water, or when i dropped it. but i doubt it and even if it is true, there are still the other things.now, there is a reason why i didnt rate this phone one star. it has its good features.-the keyboard is very helpful for me. i have naturally large thumbs, (not something im very happy about :(  ) and this phone was one of the only ones that had a keyboard with large enough keys and keys that are far apart. so, the texting is very easy for me.- the camera is excellent, good quality, and it has a flash. the phone even has a camera protector for when you are not using it.- the phone is very indestructible, as i said before, and it never gets any scratches or anything.this phone has its pros and cons but more cons than pros. i would think twice before purchasing this phone.

I recently upgraded from another LG phone.  I wanted access to e-mail and for $5 extra per month (and related airtime), Verizon has an app. that gets me to my e-mail.  The QWERTY keyboard is great.  The sound quality is fine.  Battery life terrific!  The phone has a nice solid feel.  I also bought the silicone cover to protect it.  It has a nice smooth feel and is see-through so you can see the keys, etc.  Read the great review from independent reviewer CNet.com.  It is BlueTooth enabled and also EV-DO (whatever that means!)  It has a lot of other features (Music, VZ Navigator, etc.) which naturally cost more, but I just want phone, e-mail and good battery life.  A super phone!!!

First of all i am renees daughter, and i have jus gotten the enV yesterdayThis is a really great phone. The sound quailty is excellent, but upon recording my voice-mail as i listened 2 it my voice sounded high-pitched && girly...which it is not. Other than the voice-mail msg and the smaller outer screen i have no objections 2 this fone. Although id have 2 say id give this fone a 4.5 b/c there are a few teensy items i do not like but can live witPros:-bright && colorful screens-its body is long so i dont mind relinquishing my razr; i have had flip fones all my life.-Sound Quality-Many Many Options-Full Size QWERTY keyboard, which is great 4 a txtr like me =)-Nice, Loud Speakers-Outer && Inner wallpapers can be different or set 2 as pictures-Email button comes in handy-Music qualily is good-Outer buttons are nice-Camera is really really good - im an ametuar photographer && own the Canon PowerShot SD600 - and this camera on the fone is really good nice clear crisp photos-The Keyboard is nicely spaced out enough even for my fingers, no i do not have fat fingers but they're clumsy-Txting is fast and really easy, either wayCons:-The outer screen is a bit too small but i can live w/ that-My voice mail sounded shrill && girly, but the razr did that 2-There wasnt much choice of ringtones for the fone && they all sucked. i am currently pix msging my self the ringtones from my mums old fone - which are better and u can use themOther than those few, small gripes, i have nothing bad 2 say bout this fone! my brother && sister are planning on gettin one just like mine.. oh yea i almost forgot, if u want 2 put music on ur fone n u have iTunes, jus buy the SD card, put the music on it && slip it in the fone!

I got this phone 2 weeks ago and  I LOVE IT. I was looking for a chocolate bar style phone (Im over the flip phone phase) and this is perfect! I LOVE the keyboard if I choose to text that way. This phone is perfect for text messaging! I Love the rings it came with, and the keys feel nice. The size and weight is perfect in my hand! A few of my friends say is bulky, but I would disagree, its longer than a flip, but this phone is skinnier than my Samsung flip phone. Slides in your back pocket nicely. You can hear people clearly. The phone has more display options than a Samsung or Motorola and I love that. Mine is orange and the color is awesome! LG is a great cell phone company and I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for something new!

This phone has a lot of reviews already, but allow me to lend perhaps a different perspective to the issue.  I am an electrical engineer who specializes in digital communications and hardware design so I have a little bit of background in what goes into making a good wireless device.My Accolades:- User Input.  Obviously the "gimmick" of this phone is the full keypad, which supposedly gives one the ability to type quicker.  Let me assure you that it does - I used to dislike texting and now frequently find myself reaching the SMS character limit without even realizing it.  Also the keypad is great for browsing the web, posting on forums and browsing your uploaded music.- The Camera.  Once again, one of the phone's gimmicks, the 2.0MP camera performs far and away better than any camera I have seen on a cell phone.  I like the way you hold it like a real camera, I like the way that it looks like a camera, and I like the way it takes great 4x6 shots.  The flash is worthless unless you are taking a picture from about a foot or two away, but it still takes decent pictures even in low light (flash off).- MP3 player back end.  Many complain of the volume from the headphone jack, however I feel the opposite about the phones musical output capabilities, I love it.  This is perhaps my favorite part of the phone - the good, strong, signal from the headphone jack is worlds away better than the vast majority of personal music devices I have tried.  I mainly use it to play music in my car and at home, and in those places it blows my ipod out of the water for sound quality - I mean it isnt even a contest.  And with flash memory being &lt; $5/GB the vx9900 will likely become my mp3 player of choice.- VZ Navigator.  It is an incredibly useful and well built application (this is a surprise, more on that later) that functions perfectly like a car GPS.  It even has features many upper end GPS units do not - like a bicycle mode, and the ability to actually SAY street names.  Since it uses A-GPS it locks and tracks satellites way faster than any of the standalone units can; it takes about 5 seconds to acquire and lock and up to 10 to calculate the route.My Gripes:- The shutter.  Does not stay closed very well,feels flimsy and I am pretty sure I will end up breaking it before I am ready to give up the phone.  Still, its an effort most dont even bother with.- VZ navigator.  Part of a much larger problem, but it just costs too much.  At $10/month I will not use it once the free trial wears out.  It just becomes too redundant if you have google maps and mapquest at your disposal for directions (both of which have mobile websites).Miserable Failures:- Verizon.  I have no complaint about the service, my complaint has to do with software.  Verizon's homebuilt operating system that they put on EVERY non-windows phone is also on the enV.  Not a version designed to take advantage of the phone's unique traits, but a port of the same boring OS from every other Verizon branded phone.  Because of this there are vital flaws:  you cannot use the navigator or the browser when the MP3 player is on and the Vcast music browser makes you STOP THE MUSIC if you want to browse outside of the playlist currently playing.  Also, the internet WAP address is locked and Verizon makes you pay $5 a month to use their proxy.  Finally, despite the fact that I have several 2GB memory cards the browser often runs out of memory trying to load pictures - where is the option to set aside Flash memory for swap space?  These are all the result of closed, locked down software.  Were people free to develop software for BREW phones, these problems would not exist as they are simple, stupid examples of little things being overlooked and never fixed.  Shame on you Verizon! OPEN UP BREW!- Browser.  Verizon has an upgraded browser that it puts on the VX10000 and the Glyde.  This browser is far more advanced than the one on the enV but is not even available for download.  Give us this browser!  The single column one is pretty bad the way it reformats websites (though it works fine for the mobile web).Overall:  Another excellent piece of hardware engineering crippled by closed software.  Verizon would attract many customers if they opened up their operating system to development.  I am not sure where this notion of closed = profitable comes from, but it needs to re re-thunk.

Overall this phone is pretty good but misses in a few areas.  I'll compare it to my old Motorola V710.  The downsides of my old V710 were it's large size, poor camara, and marginal sound quality.  The pro's of the V710 were excellent speaker phone, super voice recognition, great reception, and good battery life.  Here's what I've learned on the LG enV so far:PROS: Added some updates 4/5 after 3 weeks of use.excellent front and main screen. The main screen is excellent.best camara/video I've ever seen on a phone.  comparable to my Sony 6+ mp camara.  Really.  Good lense cover.Nice features/software. Menus make sense.Battery life - seems reasonable - jury is still out. 4/5 - battery life is excellent.Love the notepad and calander features. Coupled with the handy keyboard it is actually very usable.  Good chance this will eliminate my PDA. 4/5...after using for a few weeks. I really like the keyboard. All appointments and alarms are now on my cell phone.Sound quality is very good through the ear speaker and the dual speakers when open.Vibrate mode could break concrete up...strong!4/5- discovered the "stand alone mode" for airplane operation. Allows you to listen to music on airplanes.I bought the 2G memory card and did NOT buy the verizon music essential kit like others advised.  Just drag and drop the mp3 files in the right folder and you've got instant music. I used the micro SD with the SD adapter that plugs into my printers card reader.CONS:Voice recognition is not as good as my old Motorola V710. Through the built in microphone it seems to struggle picking up and figuring out what to do. (same on my kids LG phones) Not sure how it will work with a bluetooth setup. V710 was much, much better.  4/5 - After using for a few weeks now...yep, it's voice recognition is not as good with the built in microphone or when using a wired earpiece.  This is my biggest disappointment with the phone. Clearly not as good as my old phone.It won't allow short cuts all the way to the lowest menu item.  For example, I wanted a short cut to the tip calculator and it won't let you do that.  Too deep in the menus.  Seems to allow short cuts to some items but not all of them?  There are about 2 items I want to add a shortcut to and you can't.Speaker phone only works with the enV open. Awkward to start and marginal voice recognition with the built in microphone.  Again, not as good as the V710 but ok. I had to open the V710 too but it's shape was easier to handle. With the enV open it is more awkward to hold and set on the console of my car.4/5 - I need to confirm this but...the earpiece volume for the LG/verizon head phones is too loud at the lowest setting.  There is a setting on the phone but from what I can tell it is not lowering the volume on the headphones. ie- in the tools section there is a setting and then you adjust it again on the side. At it's lowest setting it's too loud. Next lowest is mute.4/5...lastly, from what I can tell, with the phone open as you listen to the speaker phone you can't adjust the volume level since the side buttons are unaccessible.Annoying items...but can live with:No vibrate and then ring.  Vibrate only or vibrate and ring at the same time.  My V710 would give you the chance to react to the vibrate first prior to ringing.  4/5- ring volume isn't loud enough for me.  The speakers are inside when the phone is closed. The ringer isn't as loud as my old V710...Why doesn't Verizon give more stock ringtones!! I work in a professional office and 80% of the stock ringtones I would never use.Can't rotate pictures on the phone taken with the camara. With the camara closed (front screen) the orientation isn't the same as what you would want when looking at the main screen when it's open. It would be really helpful to be able to rotate.4/5 - update, I liked the ability to add contacts to certain groups.  Then I found out there must be a limit to how many contacts you can add to a group like business, family etc...the kids label friends with "verizon", verizon so they know who is included in the "IN" plan.  I was going through my 50-60 contacts and putting them in the groups of family or business when I starting getting an error that said I can't add any more to a group!4/5 - I'm now annoyed that it appears the headphone jack is something unique.  I bought an adapter from the 3/16" jack to I think its to 1/8" and it doesn't work right. So there must be something proprietary to force you to use and LG setup just to connect my earphones.Overall, I really like the phone.  It seems smaller than it looks. Feels much smaller than my old V710. I was looking for something to replace my PDA and I think the keyboard will do this. My daughter loves it for text messaging but I don't do much text messaging. It's handy when shopping to take a photo of something like furniture and take a photo of the price info too.  We've entered diminsional information of our living room or TV for fitting furniture into the notepad section for recalling when we need it.Overall great phone...hope they update the software to fix the annoying items. 4/5...still love the phone. So close to perfection...

I got my phone a week ago and I have not run into any of the other problems (so far) folks seem to be having. Except for the speaker phone!!It is awful,it does not work.IMO the enV is not equipped with a speaker phone.For someone who dislikes head/ear phones/plugs and is accustomed to super clear speaker phones (think Razr) this is a problem. I am aware there has been some mention of it among the reviews but it did not come across as a particularly big issue which is why I didn't pay particular attention.Anyone know if the speaker phone works better on the orange enV?Thanks.

I had high hopes for this phone, because it got pretty good reviews by customers.  The features are nice, and the phone looked as if it would be a good fit for me with the media player, Qwerty keypad, shortcut keys, calendar, etc., but it died while showing that it still had two bars.  This happened a few times in the first two weeks of ownership--oh, and after the first week, I did not use the media player, because I wanted to see if that was draining my battery.  It wasn't the problem.  I took it back, and the customer service folks told me I needed to upgrade my battery.  Let me get this straight.  I had had the phone for two weeks, and the battery was bad already?  Too make a long story short, after arguing with the customer service people that it was indeed the phone and not my fault in some way, I exchanged it for a new unit to try again.  Same thing.  I left the phone in my car for one hour (it showed 2 battery bars when I left), and when I came back the battery was irreconcilably dead.I realize things happen to phones.  They are small electronics, so there will be batches that are defective, but here is the issue:  When talking to verizon, it was always something I was doing to the phone or some application that I had downloaded (i downloaded some ringtones and a couple of pictures--nothing earthshaking) that made the phone power down.  In short, no one cared.  No one wanted to help me, give me an extended trial period while they tried to figure out if the phone was bad, offer another phone to try out--nothing.  They didn't care about anything but making sure I did not blame the phone for its own deficiency.  I was to blame.  It was something I was doing.  This may be a good phone, but I will never know, because the experience I had with Verizon as a result of two defective units, makes me want to wait out my contract and sign with someone else.

This phone has worked well in the four months that I have owned it. I can say I haven't had any real "major" issues.With that said, I only gave this a 4 star rating because sometimes when I ringer on vibrate, it won't vibrate. It just sort of bypasses and goes to voicemail. I'm not sure if that is a carrier or a phone issue. Like I said, it hasn't been a major issue with me.Other than that, I would definitely recommend this phone!

I purchased the LG enV last year in May.  I enjoyed all of the multimedia features with the phone and was impressed with the qwerty layout because I use the text messenging (1500 a month on average). However, in October of last year, the ear microphone stopped working, so I had to resort to opening the phone up and using the speakerphone to answer incoming calls.  I got the phone replaced and 2 months later, had the same problem, but this time, the speakerphone button would not activate.  Replacing this phone AGAIN, I got a third one which had been returned.  Yet again, after only 3 weeks, the SAME problem.  Verizon has been good to work with and has replaced the phone for me in each instance, but it's a hastle having to transfer contacts, losing some messages and data each time I need a new handset.  I am wondering due to my extensive txting, that there is fatigue with the connectors as I open and close the phone.  It's ridiculous that I've had to replace the phone this many times for the SAME problem.

Honestly, this phone does not even deserve the one star I am giving it.  I switched from Sprint to Verizon in January 2007.  Over the course of the year I have replaced my enV four times.  No, I have not dropped it much, gotten it wet, or dropped anything on it.  It is clearly a software issue.  As with most common phones and other electronic products that come out, the ideas and products are there, but due to the push by companies to satisfy the consumer, the software is commonly a disappointment with many products now days.But back to this phone..Many people like this phone because of its unique keyboard (at the time it came out) and its nice screen, great camera, etc.  But my problem was not the features of the phone nor the applications.  Due to lack of software development, the current phone I have, my 4th enV, likes to freeze randomly and the buttons are not responsive half the time.  I have had my 4th enV for 2 weeks and have not dropped it, etc, or do anything that would cause harm to the phone.  My 3rd enV would turn on and off whenever it please, no matter if I was in the middle of sending a message or in the middle of talking with someone.My recommendation is to steer clear of this phone.  Go with something reliable, and don't buy it just for the "fancy features" because this phone is not to unique anymore.

lousy phone, when you turn on it starts going through all the available options for about 2 or 3 min.  Then the voice commands do not work, it does seem to understand what i am telling it to do even after I programed it to.  It does not pull number correctly.  The circle direction option is also lousy the direction keys, option keys and the okay button do work like it, made to do.  Dont purchase this one.

Downloaded some songs on my new lg9900 cell phone but cant figur out how to set them as ring tones can anyone help?

After less than a week of owning the original LG Chocolate, I traded it in for the LG enV and have been satisified every since.  I've had it for over 2 years and the battery charge is exactly the same.  It functions properly no matter how many times I've dropped it.My main uses for the phone are:- calling- texting- pictures- videos- record sound- gamesI don't use it for music so I can't review it in that regard.  I don't have problems with calling or texting.  The pictures have great quality and I just email them to myself so I can keep them forever because I'm too cheap to buy an SD card.  The videos are decent quality but I have a digital cam if I really need that.The thing I didn't like was when the Chocolate had come out, I bought a game and it wouldn't work.  I have bejeweled and I play that on my phone whenever I'm bored or waiting in a long line.

I bought this phone two weeks ago. I noticed that the phone will shut off itself without any warning. Initially I thought the power key may be touched.  However, today I put this phone on the table and it still turned off itself when battery is >80%. I believe there is a bug in this phone. I am returning this phone to Amazon.Apr. 05:  Amazon's service is great and sent me a replacement unit before I sent back the bad one.  The new one seems OK. However, it shows "player error" when I hit "my music".  At least the first one works.  Anyway, I will not ask for another replacement.  I just had an impression the QA of this model is not very good.

I HAVE ONLY USED THIS MODEL PHONE FOR 4YEARS.THE ONE I CURRENTLY USE I GOT USED FROM CRAIGS LIST ($60)2 YEARS AGO.JUST LAST WEEK IT STARTED TURNIN OFF? FOR 2 HARD YEARS OF USE,WATER ACCIDENTS,DROPPING IT ECT IT HAS NEVER FAILED ME! I AM LOOKING FOR ANOTHER 1 AS WE SPEAK.VERY STRONG PHONE FOR PEOPLE THAT ARE HARD ON DELICATE THINGS!

It's a perfect size, smaller than the sidekick which I was thinking of upgrading to, and it works flawlessly! My only complaint is that you cannot utilize the email client for pop accounts like gmail, but you can simply log onto the web and access it there. picture quality is great, extra features such as voice ring etc.. is great. All around a great phone! and $50 from Amazon for new service to boot!

i have just upgraded to the env from my nokia 6230 could not be more leased with the phone and the service from verizon has been outstanding 5 stars all the way around!!!

I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great. First of all, it has some serious issues with turning itself on. This phone actually got me a detention. It sits in my pocket and somehow it gets bumped and turned on. And then once it is on, it can ring, but of course you can put it on silent. BUT THEN, with a slight touch of just 2 buttons, it goes to VCAST and starts playing music. I CAN'T stand that. Another thing is that it is just overall too thick to fit in a pocket. Also, if you are talking on speaker and you aren't holding it right near your face then the person you are talking to can't hear you, which sort of defeats the purpose of speaker phone. Some people might love this phone, but I guess its just not for me. Dont let this discourage you from buying it, unless the littlest things bother you like me.I just wish Verizon would get a sidekick quality phone (the voyager is very hard to use 2)

I bought this (last week- thursday)in the verizon store for $udontwannaknohowmuch. But I am happy with it..so far . I know it is too early to boast but I think it is cute and fun to text. It reminds me of a sidekick that I wanted for a looooong time, but my parents wouldnt get it for me.I bought this off the plan and it cost me a lot but I am happy with it.For those that want to check their emails and stuff with this phone it will cost you a $20 subscription and the games are like $5-10 (so I didnt get either of them for now) but overall if you are into pic taking (I ONLY take pics of sceneries) I would recommend something cheaper. The real fun thing is the texting keyboard, which I like. I would recommend something cheaper but the phone overall is pretty and honestly it is just for looks.

I would highly recommend this phone even if you don't ever IM. I use the phone's qwerty keyboard for easily entering contact info, calendar events and making notes in notepad (things to do, things to buy, etc.). Camera is superb and so is the speaker phone. The most important feature which is the call quality is also very good. I have no complaints...only compliments for the team that designed the enV.

LG has done a fabulous job on the phone. The company has obviously incorporated features based on usability studies (or comments taken from the previous model).Who this phone is probably best for: users who want a cell phone, would like to check email via the web sometimes (not a zillion times a day like some power smartphone users), prefer QWERTY keyboards, would like to send txt msgs or pix msgs, would like to check for movie reviews and place/times via the web, check for product reviews via the web while shopping, want a phone small enough to fit in their pockets/purses, do not want to pay $80/mo for service (up to $40 for data and the remaining for voice).Yes, you can pay as little as $5/mo on top of your current voice plan to access the web using this phone. The $5/mo plan counts the web-access minutes against your voice plan. However, you can go up to $15/mo above your current plan (VCast package) for unlimited web access/video and music downloads and those minutes are independent of your voice minutes. You can look on the VZW web site for details.A couple of minor downsides: 1) The ring tones that come with the phone suck. So if you are picky, you'll want to spend some money to download some personal favorites. 2) Although the camera is spec'd at 2 MP, you cannot send these hi-rez photos via pix msgs (I guess they're too large; you can send the lower rez pix though).With that said about the camera, the lower rez pics that this camera takes is better than any phone camera I've seen (and I've seen many of them). The camera features single-point autofocus, white balance options, day/night mode, and flash. Maybe these features help boost the quality of the pix.This phone is fun, functional, and cost-effective (plan-wise). No wonder it's a big hit. They are getting hard to find in stores. I had to call around before I found a store that had it in stock.

This product by not only apperance but with function is very intelligent. The handy camera in the back a also sold me on the phone. One turn off for me though was the size of the phone, but is easily made up with the numerous features it posseses. If you enjoy txt messaging, camera phones, multi media viewing, or phones that open with a key board i recomend further viewing this product.

i recently got the lg env because my old nokia had finally reached the end of its life. i must say i that i am very impressed with this phone. it has a simple outside that is good for all of your voice calls, but then the phone opens clamshell style to reviel a extremly usefull qwerty key bourd, extrondanary stearoe speaker, vcast capability, an pre-equptied mobile im and vw navigator{ the navigator starts with a 30 day free trail and u must pay after that. the phones camera is extrodinary even on the second to lowest setting. the outer screen is a little small, but think of it is as a flip phone and it isnt that bad. the inner screen is crystal clear and has incredible resolution. downladable music and games are a nice feature, along with vcast video and tools{ such as weather and sports up dates} on the go. overall this phone is incredible, the only problem is that the extra features that are so enjoyable may add up if you are not  carefull. if you have considered this phone at all i would strongly recomend purchasing it. you wont be disapointed

The main reason I bought this is that I wanted a qwerty keyboard and the best camera I could get. I didnt need internet or email so that kept me away from the Motorola Q, which was my alternative.So far ive used the phone for one week and it has worked very well. great reception with my LG bluetooth headset, great texting ability, layout is good. once you get used to it you can navigate thru fairly quick. the autofocus camera takes great pics also.Few quick points i wanted to mention that may hinder it for some. when you set the camera to the highest setting (1600x1200) you cannot pic msg those because it says they are too big. you have to move it to the next lower setting if you want to send them. I also am having some trouble with the lens cover on the camera, it has this spin dial that opens and closes it, mine seems to have gotten stuck, so im going to take it to Verizon and see what they say.Otherwise, great phone that I highly recommend! perfect for the person that loves to text but doesnt need a pda style phone.

Although not to this exact phone I would like to warn any folks out there who are considering purchasing service or anything from Verizon NOT to.  Their customer service is the absolute worst of any of the carriers imo.  Their reps are rude, they change information each time they talk with you and don't deliver upon their promises.  The phone may be fine, but the service of this carrier is just absolutely horrendous.  It's not always about the phone; it's about the service provider as well.  Verizon does not stand behind its products and after spending a minimum of 10 hours for the last 6 months every month without satisfactory resolution I feel compelled to warn others who may be considering them

i recommend this phone to anyone!!!!the phone is great, but in order to enjoy it to its fullest:-buy expandable memory-get headphones-get some sort of case/cover-get a usb cable commectoru can get all of that extra stuff from amazon for around $15!!!this phone is amazing, has great speakers, lots of cool features, and an amazing camera! EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THIS PHONE!!!
