
Good tricky phone!Proseasy to use; good battery; there are thousends of softwares available to leave you notebook home; you can use it as your MP3 player; easy text writingConsthe software sometimes freezes;

The treo 600 has been nothing but problems for me.  First after I bought the phone it took verizon a while to figure out how to turn it on...the store said they couldn't do it.  Then the phone stopped working and would reset itself when I tried to use anything at all.  After getting a new phone I got a 1000 dollar bill from verizon because they had signed me up for the wrong plan and the internet would stay on for 24 hours straight.  After a few months the new phone is no longer working...it is now constantly reseting itself.  I'm very frustated.  Great idea combining phone and pda but get a different model and don't use verizon.  By the way the camera is crap...0.3 megapixel...doesnt take any good pics that you can actually see.

I had to return the item because in the description it was not made clear that the phone was not compatable with Verizon's cellular network.  I ended up buying the phone directly from verizon.

when i purchase this item i did not think that it would be a used item and not working properly i have retrun the item to the sender and not yet received my refund i would appriciate a responce asap i paid a lot of money for a non functional item which nnds to be refunded i have not received a responce a of yet pls proceed in doing so since this item was sold throught amazon the blue dot nnd responce asap thanks for your time

I sync my Treo with my apple computer and have no problems (you'll need the "missing sync" software). The Treo itself has some issues that have disappointed me, however:Like all PDA Operating Systems (OS's), including Windows, they tend to crash a lot. What I've discovered is that this OS is extremely stable but only when I load the right programs. It's like driving a car, but only down certain streets, or you'll fall off a cliff. It's hit-or-miss adventure; you'll have to load programs one at a time and after a few days, see if they created any problems or crashes. If not, then you should have no issues with crashes; then go ahead and load the next one. If you experience problems, you can delete it and it will resolve the crash issue. But not being able to use a program (especially a much needed one) is very disappointing and a downfall for some users like me. This hugely limiting factor seems to make my Treo resemble more of an expensive organizer. Some folks simply live through the PDA crashes but I can't adjust to it. You need to count on some good luck and hope a program will not cause problems. The good news is that the few times it has crashed, I never once lost my data and could go on using my PDA as before. This is important if you're not near your computer for a sync. You simply unscrew the tip of the stylus to reveal a pin that you can use to hit the tiny "reset" button. The Treo re-boots with all my data, contacts & calendar intact.Bluetooth: The lack of bluetooth is also a bummer. I did not think I would need bluetooth, but now realize its usefullness. As technology improves, this Treo is at a disadvantage.Phone contacts: You can easily pop in your sim card but you can't save or utilize the phone book on your sim card. You'll have to either import your contacts from your computer or type it into the phone manually. This is not a good feature if you pop your sim card between different phones.Internet: Good colors & graphics, but connection is slow. A real pain to type quickly with the thumb keyboard.Portability: This Treo is quite bulky and heavy. It's not one that you can simply throw in your pocket and go hang out in the park with. It gets in the way and fits better in your handbag or briefcase. But then you might not hear the phone or feel it vibrate, which is defeating.Photos: The quality of the pictures are not very good. You can easily set the phone to display a picture of your caller, but that's not a remarkable feature.Graffiti: You can't write graffiti style on the screen. You have to use the thumb keyboard or type it in with the sylus.To Do List: If you accidently tap the box next to a To-Do-List item, it will delete your note and sometimes you can't undo the action, so be careful.For most of these issues, there are folks selling third party solutions. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.There are some pluses: the Treo is a quad-band phone. I use T-Mobile in NYC and get great reception. I also travel all over the world to places like India, Egypt, & West Africa and call home with perfect reception. It has a never ending "call-log" that has helped me in many ways. The battery lasts a long time and charges quickly.Personally, I think this Phone/PDA is too expensive, too heavy and needs some upgrading. The PDA/phone market is slowly improving but it needs a lot of work. If you must buy this Treo, keep a small cellphone nearby so you can pop in your sim card and throw the cellphone in your pocket when you want to travel light. Otherwise, you'll be tied down to the Treo's bulkiness when you don't need it.

I purchased a Treo 600 when it first came out. That phone was so bad that like an idiot I upgraded to a Treo 650. I was on Cingular with both phones. Onwing this phone and being with Cingular has been the most painful customer experience I have ever had. I'll spare you the details since they've been documented well elsewhere. I will add that After my 4th phone dying on me, I decided to cancel my service with Cingular, which renders my locked phone a $400 paperweight. I've gone over to Verizon and to a Samsung phone running the Windows OS. Palm was a good company once, now they have got their heads up their #&(&^$#(. Makes you wonder why the Treo 700 is running Windows now????

I have heard a lot of bad comments about this product. I think the problem is that there have been different versions of the Treo 600. But the one I had was perfect, had it for a year and never gave me a problem, even dropped it a few times. I recently got my Treo 650 and gave the 600 to a friend; this one is so much better. I'm happy :).

I recently bought an unlocked version of this phone off eBay to replace a Moto Razr phone and an older Palm PDA.  It was a pain lugging both of them around and I wanted a device that had both a PDA and phone in one plus e-mail and web browsing capabilities like a Blackberry.  A tall order but this phone nearly pulls it off.Palm users will have no trouble using the familiar PalmOS apps that we've all come to know and love such as Calendar, To-Do List, and Memo Pad.  The 4-way navigation button makes it faster and easier to navigate than using the touchscreen although I do find myself whipping out the stylus every now and then.  There is no graffiti input on this PDA instead you must use either the qwerty keyboard or touchscreen which have their own inherent difficulties.  The tiny keyboard buttons are hard to press and often results in typos.  Its slower than using the touchscreen keyboard and definately not ideal for writing long e-mails and such.  The touchscreen on this phone is not as forgiving as the one on my old Handspring Visor.  You have to be extremely gentle when weilding the stylus because even a small amount of pressure can cause yellow spots to form on the LCD screen.  I use the touchscreen occassionally with great care and with a protective cover on the screen and yet I still got a faint yellow spot on the LCD within days.  For me this is the most dissappointing thing about this phone.As a phone the Treo 600's performance is mediocre to average at best.  It gets horrible reception indoors.  People often complain about static when I'm inside buildings.  Poor reception is also accompanied by a loud, annoying buzzing noise that both people on the line can hear.  I looked it up on the web and discovered through  user reviews that this was an all-too-common problem amongst many Treo 600 users.  When it does get good reception, however, the call quality is superb even better than my Moto Razr.  The speakerphone is nice and loud although it can be hissy sometimes.But my favorite feature by far is the ability to send and receive e-mail.  Using the Snappermail app (the built-in mail app isn't very good), I can seamlessly link up to my Gmail account and use push e-mail just like on a Blackberry.  Plus, its a lot cheaper to use T-zones for e-mail and Internet access on a Treo than the Internet/E-mail plans offered by T-mobile for Blackberrys.All in all, this is a phone I can live with for the time being although I am ever so-concerned about the LCD screen going bad with use.  The fragile screen, hard to use keypad, and subpar phone are the only real drawbacks of this phone but they are serious enough that anyone thinking of getting this phone should give it a good, hard second look.  I've heard the Treo 650 has fixed some of these problems and if that's true I would definately consider it over the 600.  I do plan to upgrade to another smartphone in a few months when my contract expires such as T-Mobile MDA or Treo 650.

This phone is just what I was looking for: a way to combine my PDA with a good cell phone.  It has all of the functionality of my palm device, plus the wireless phone and internet access.  I really got tired of managing over 200 contacts on a cell phone - entering information using a phone dialing pad. Now I can enter contacts from my Outlook Contacts folder and hot-sync my phone with my laptop.  Buying the phone unlocked enabled me to just pop in my existing SIM and use the phone with my provider (Cingular).Here are the reasons I didn't give this phone 5 Stars (you can judge how important they are to you):1) Lack of bluetooth2) Camera is ok at best - don't use it for graduation photos :-)3) Low screen resolution (still good and usable, but res could be better)4) Not graffiti enabled (although I purchased third party software [Jot] that works great).If items 1, 2, and 3 are a problem to you, then you might want to try the Treo 650, which costs a little more, but addresses those shortcomings.  I am happy with the 600.  It has been worth the money so far.  ONE WARNING:  If you purchase the unlocked phone, be careful downloading firmware updates from the PalmOne website.  After performing an update, my phone locked and I couldn't use the phone with my Cingular SIM.  Fortunately, I was able to get help from the seller and my phone is back to full functionality.

I had such faith in this phone when I first bought it.  Now that I am 7 treo phones later and it only being a year and a half....I have to say that this is the worst high end purchase I have ever gotten.  In the beginning all of the reviews were wonderful from consumer reports and gadget blogs and electronic magazine reviews.  However none of these publications seems to have let consumers know the truth about the horrible quality of these phones.  As a pda they function fairly well but as a phone...the signal is always dropping (that is if there is a signal). Friends and family claim it is hard to hear what I was saying when using the phone and that it sounded like  I was in a tunnel. Hearing what other people were saying was difficult.  i would have to go outside to try to get a better signal just to hear what was being said.  I purchased my phone through Amazon to use with Sprint.  I invested in the monthly warranty to replace the phone.  This seemed like a good plan until I realized that they were replacing my phone with refurbished phones that had the same problems as the handset that I had just given them.  When my final sixth phone was replaced by Sprint I made a call to a friend from the parking lot to ensure that it worked before I left the store (I had learned by this point).  Five minutes later yelling into the phone and trying to call back 3 times with no success (and no...the mute was not on).  Realizing that I had yet another dud on my hands I went back into the Sprint store to take out the poor 16 year old clerk that had the misfortune of replacing my handset five minutes prior.  Apparently he had a panicked look on his face since he was waiting on customers who had just decided to get...you got it, a Treo 600.  Well he quickly summoned his manager who decided to give me a brand-new never been opened treo 650 free.  So yes I did get an upgrade free for all of my trouble.  It is not much better than the treo 600.  The signal is weak and it is hard to hear on both ends and when on vibrate mode the calls get sent straight to voicemail.  Convenient for emergencies I would say.  I live in Arizona but I sure do wish that I lived in California since there is currently a class-action suit against palm-one and the various cell phone carriers of the treo 600 and 650 for the poor quality of the product and replacing handsets with equally poor treos.  At this point since the treo 700 just was released, it probably is not on the class action suit.  However the treo 700 does run on a  windows operating system which will make your palm os software from your treo 600/650 obsolete. It will also make it morevulnerable to viruses and lets not forget that little trick of being able to erase a bluetooth devices address book when someone has bluetooth enabled, Also there is the ability to tap into peoples' conversations that they are having with their wireless blue-tooth headset.  (not that I do it but I'm sure that some people are actually enjoying rush hour much more due to this security flaw).  Overall I would say that palm-one as a company has gone downhill in terms of quailty and customer service and that both the treo 600 and 650 are phones that I would not waste your time or money on.

Don't buy this phone ever. I had it for just over six months and now it's having problems from last 3 months... Drop calls whenever it wants..:) Now, popping up orange pixels on screen and seems like dead or burnt pixels and it's growing day by day.. I called T-Mobile customer service and they are sending the replacement because it is under warranty.. What if it wasn't? Do the math.. They also charged me shipping for sending replacement. Ridiculous, isn't it????I am rating it 1 because that is the lowest score you can select here.. It's &lt; -infinity

Don't bother with this one.  After 3 months phone function is essentially dead - Verizon won't serrvice it - you have to send it back to Palm - constantly drops calls, poor reception, freezes up - DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS HUNK OF JUNK!!!!

I enjoy the features of the phone, however there are too many kinks.I am on my second replacement since Mar '05. The first phone had a mysterious orange blob that seemed to migrate on the screen, and a strange humming. The replacement worked for one month and also has a strange hum. The third phone is in route via mail.I have not had any problems with Cingular. They don't seem surprised by my complaints and promptly send replacements. However, I am looking into purchasing a Blackberry, instead.

The price is high considering that there are newer models.

This phone works everywhere in the world,  (anywhere there is GSM service)  Being unlocked, you can use local Simm cards in each country, or purchase an international simm card.  The Simm card slot is very easily accessible, too (no need to pull out batteries, ect.)  The Palm pilot is great, and very useful for travelers with many currency conversion, language softwares available for it.  Texting from a Treo is way easier than typical mobile phones, because you have a full keyboard.  International SMS (text) messages are typically very affordable, too, and a great way to keep in touch while abroad without spending alot on airtime..i highly recommend this treo for overseas travellers.  If you're staying in the states, this phone will work well with Cingular or T mobile too.Price is reasonable because the the treo 650 and 700 are now out.  the 650 adds bluetooth, and a removable battery.  the 700 uses microsoft software instead of palm software.  (i am a huge fan of the palm software for organizing my life..)But unlocked versions of these newer models are at least $200-300 more in price, and the 600 works great.  Battery life is fine because its a GSM phone.

I've been a Palm fanatic for over 10 years.  I've always been an early adopter and bought the latest gadget when it first came out.  I agree with many of these reviewers that the Treo 600 was a breakthrough product and has great functionality, etc.  But it is completely unreliable.  I'm currently on my 3rd 600.  Each one died a hideous death after about 6 months.  First the normal phone speaker died.  So Handspring replaced it for free.  Six months later the monster buzzing in my ear made using the phone impossible (in addition it had a nasty problem of doing a hard reset all on its own about once a week - often when I was traveling.)  So again handspring replaced it.  About 4 months into my 3rd device the monster screeching buzzing returned.  This time when I called for a new one I was informed by Palm that, "We don't replace phones for free any more.  It will cost you $200 to get a replacement."  So basically Palm's business model is:  we sell you a product that consistenly doesn't work and then we demand that you pay us as much to replace it (with another one that doesn't work) as you would have to spend to get a blackberry.  It's unbelieveable.  So I thought I'd suck it up and buy the 650 (even though two different friends bought it and both had already swapped it out for the same unreliability).  But Palm told me to get a 650 would cost me $700 !  I said, "Wait a minute, Handspring used to give me the new phone each time at a discount if I'd send my old one back."  But I was informed that Palm doesn't reward loyalty in any way anymore.  What a joke.So I wrote a letter to the CEO of Palm to complain.  That was 5 months ago.  No response or acknowledgement.  What a disappointing company  - in every aspect of it.I now use a Motorola Razor.  Palm is a joke.  No serious business person can rely on the Palm products or the company any more.  Shame.

Well, as an early adapter, I guess I should be used to taking it hard. I bought Verizon's PalmOne Treo 600 the first day it came out - over a year after AT&T;, Sprint, and other comapnies released it. My plan is 400 anytime minutes, unlimited in-network calling, unlimited nights and weekend, and $5 for Internet access a month. Unless I go over, it should cost me $49.95 a month. I just got my first bill.$1,641.66.It turns out that the connection to the Internet doesn't shut off - even if you chose "Disconnect" from the web browser's menu. Even if you turn off the unit. It continues to ping the Internet looking for data every six minutes. Hence my bill show some 1023-minute calls.Steve in Verizon's data division said they've received a lot of calls on this issue and isn't sure why they even offer the $5 web-only feature, when customers need to get the $49.95/month unlimited data transfer or deal with $1,000-plus monthly bills. When I asked if there was a way to stop the pinging every six minutes, I was told no, "it's a data phone first and a cell phone second."Interesting, as my friends who have the phone with other carriers have never had this problem. Interesting, as I was never told this when I bought it. All I wanted was a freakin' cell/PDA combo, so I don't have to carry both with me, making me look like I'm sporting a chubby in two pockets at once. With Verizon, the cost for doing so is $44.95 plus your calling plan a month, which for me will come to about $100.After 58 minutes, I was told my bill should be adjusted within 24 to 48 hours.Also, on Verizon Wireless's PalmOne Treo 600 Smartphone web page it lists a 5 MB transfer for only $24.95. When I asked the technical rep about that option, he said getting it would still cause a Treo 600 owner's bill to be over $1,000 a month. He said it was up there for use with other phones. He had no answer when I said there are no other phones on that page.Now, I probably could return the Treo 600 - except I already sold my old phone and Palm on eBay.Of course, if I could just get a free minute for every time I heard "Oh, that's the new phone. I'm not familiar with it" none of this would be an issue.Buy the phone from AT&T;, Sprint, Cingular, or another carrier and don't deal with the problems I had with Verizon Wireless. The phone is great!

Great concept, I've had a palm pda since the first palm pilot personal then professional then a 7 and then the i version for internet with palm.net.  I love the palm apps calendar and contacts, but this phone that cost $500 started to give me problems right after the year warranty time period.  (which just so happened to coinside with the Katrina catastrophe when our phones weren't working anyway due to service problems).  The problem still continues with the same as the other reviewer mentions with this loud buzzing on the receiver side of the phone call.  It's terrible and not usable this way.  I'm afraid to send it for repair based on what another reviewer said that he got a refurbised model that was in worse shape than his and then after a few months had serious problems.  The repaired phones are only warranted for 90 days, not long enough for these problems to show up.  Palm should be ashamed of themselves for not providing better support for such expensive phones!!!  I bought mine unlocked directly from Palm as well.

It's a very nice phone!!!!!!!

The pda and its features are very good but the phone does not work well with T-Mobile.  I'm on my third treo 600 with T-Mobile and the service is aweful Everywhere!

Everyone in my family now owns a Treo, and each one of us has only good things to say about it.  The phone gets excellent reception; whereas I've heard many people in my town complain about getting poor service on their cell phones, I have never been unable to place a call on my Treo or been cut off during the middle of a conversation.Those unfamiliar with the Palm OS will find it wonderfully easy to navigate and to configure.  Furthermore, there is a vast and diverse array of progams one can download for the Palm OS, ranging from games, e-texts and MP3 player software to business applications, medical references and legal dictionaries.I originally had some qualms about the fact that the Treo had a keyboard instead of the graffiti system to which I was accustomed, but I've come to prefer the keyboard.  I can write with the Treo keyboard much more quickly and conveniently than I could write with the graffiti system on other Palm Pilots.  That being said, those who prefer graffiti to the keyboard can always download programs that enable one to write with graffiti directly onto the screen.  Also, I've found the Palm Portable Keyboard (sold separately) to be very helpful and easy to use when I need to write more than a few lines, and I would recommend purchasing that item as well.My heart goes out to other reviewers who have found their Treos to be fragile, but I cannot claim to have had the same experience.  My Treo has gone everywhere with me during the past year and has hardily withstood much wear and tear during that time.  I've dropped it a few times without any consequences.  Furthermore the screen is as bright and easy to see now as it was when I first got it.The camera part of the phone is admittedly lacking in quality.  On the rare occasion when I need to use my Treo to take a picture of something, I make sure to take several different pictures on the theory that at least one will turn out as a passable representation of what I was trying to photograph.  But the Treo's advantages as a phone, a Web browser, a word processor and a PDA far outweigh any inadequacies the camera presents.In summary, my Treo is easily one of the best electronic items I've ever owned, and I would highly reccomend it over any other phone and any other PDA.

I have to start with by saying that I am indeed a very happy user of T600 for almost two years. IIts user friendliness and sheer wealth of applications and uses still keeps me excited.  The device can be used for phone calls, calendars, web browsing, email, IM (ICQ, AOL, etc .. ),  internet radio stations, document editing, games, modem for the laptop... and that is just the beginning.So why only two stars?? and why poor execution?  Very poor voice call quality, reported by many and totally unacceptable!!!  Luckily for me and some others; one of the internet enthusiast came up with the solution -- open up the unit and isolating the mic wire with the foil.  It worked, but it should never had to be necessary.Also screens are week.  Drop on the hard service will break it.  Luckily for

Guys,Do not take this sheet piece for GOD sake. I am repenting on it :( please take my advice. Thanks.

If you have any sense, don't buy this phone.  I paid $700 for this phone when it first came out.  After the first three months the mouth piece went dead.  I got another one and it went all staticy so I had to send it back.  The camera has never taken a decent picture and recently I dropped it and the screen damaged.  I called to get it repaired and they want to charge me $179.  That's almost $1000 for a cell phone.  I ask you, who doesn't drop their cell phone at least once?

Think twice before you buy this.  My first and second Treo 600s had identical problems, where they couldn't find the network for some reason, and the answer button wouldn't work.  I got the first one in February 05, and the 1st replacement in April 05.  The second replacement came a week later.  Now, this one has developed these orange pixels [[...] and Sprint is going to replace this one.  I will note that Sprint has only replaced my phone with refurbished phones, so I can just imagine that I'm just waiting on my replacement phone, which is just Joe Schmoe's broken phone that has the same darn problems.  I just hope that all of these problems keep happening within the warranty period.  If you can, buy the warranty.

This was the second Treo 600 that I got from Amazon.com three weeks later some fonctions on the keyboard stop working. When I contacted Palm they told the warranty does not cover keyboard failure then I called T-mobile who advised me to backup the data and do a hard reset. Still didn't work. I called back on satuday 02/04/2006, Palm told me that I have to send them the unit for repaire or pay $25 to get a "premium exchange option" and that I would get the unit in 2 to 3 business day. I called back on the following Wednesday palm said to wait untill Friday.Called On Friday they said that it could be shipped on Monday. I asked to be refunded my $25 because they lied on the terms, the operator said that she could not.

Okay, this phone isn't perfect but it gets 5 stars.  Why?  Because at this moment its the best value for your money.  Sure, the 650 is better, but unless you want to lock yourself into a 2 year contract its going to cost significantly more.  Other comparable options cost similar to the 650.What I use it for: I'm a T-mobile customer and this phone is a) cheaper than the phone through T-mobile and b) is unlocked.  So when I'm in Europe this spring I can simply replace the SIM and go.  Note that this is the GSM model - it won't work on Verizon or Sprint.Pros: Syncing is effortless, scheduling software mimics Outlook 2003 perfectly.  Phone works great - good reception and sound quality.Cons: No bluetooth, no WIFI (the 650 lacks this as well).  Screen isn't hi res, camera quality is low (if you want quality get a digicam, I have a Canon S400).  Lets be honest - this is yesterday's technology.Unknowns: Reliability.  I've only had this phone for a few days, and we'll see how it stands the test of time.Conclusion: If you want the latest and greatest get the 650, Nokia 9300, or something else.  But you'll be paying that early adopter premium.  If you want something that elegantly does the job at a great price then get this.

As far as design and user-friendliness, I can't say enough about how great this phone/pda combo is.  I just wish it wasn't such a POS!I bought an unlocked Treo 600 directly from PalmOne.com about 1 year ago, as I travel internationally and didn't want the hassle of being limited to just one carrier's simcard.  It worked wonderfully for a few months, synched effortlessly with Outlook, and was a breeze to enter data into with the qwerty keyboard.  I loved trading in my Palm and old cell phone for one combined piece of equipment.  The only problem I had right from the beginning is that my earlobe (which must be a genetic abnormality, as I haven't seen any other mention of this problem) would line up just right with the "hang up" button on the touchscreen and would disconnect my calls.  I would finally realize it when my phone would ring loudly in my ear as the other person was already calling me back while I was still talking.  I can excuse this issue, however, and blame myself for apparently holding the phone at the wrong angle.  No problem.And yet... about 6 months into my ownership of the Treo 600, an extremely loud buzzing sound emerged on the other end of the line.  I couldn't hear it myself, but everyone I talked to asked if I was being electrocuted, or being run over by a train, or if I was standing on the runway instead of in the airport.  I called Palm and was obviously connected to Thailand or India or wherever the call center (which certainly wasn't a problem, just an observation) and they said this was a common problem and they'd be happy to send me a new one.  Great!  I got my "new" Treo very quickly with no charge for shipping, but was somewhat displeased to find out it was a refurbished phone and my old one I sent back was in better condition (as far as scratches on the body, screen clarity, etc.).  Anyway, I was so happy to get rid of the problematic one that I went along with it.  Now I wish I hadn't!About a month ago (just past the warranty expiration on the original unit, not sure it would even transfer to my refurbished one) the Treo's screen calibration kept becoming inaccurate.  I'd reset the calibration and not 10 minutes later it'd be off again.  It would get maybe 1 inch off calibration, so I'd intend to choose one calendar entry, and it would instead hit the button for Monday and skip to another day!  Or I'd attempt to pick 5pm and it would highlight the entry at 10am.  There was apparently no fix for this issue, even with hard resets, reinstallations of software, etc.I was pretty upset that within just over 1 year I was already trying to replace my second Treo.  Anyway, to make a long story short, I pawned it in Asia to a used cell phone vendor that was so desperate to get an American phone he didn't seem to care that the screen was misaligned, and now I'm here on Amazon purchasing a Blackberry...

I'm giving it 1-star for the service from Amazon concerning this item.  I ordered one on Sunday Aug. 21 and was told it would ship on the 23rd or 24th (it's advertised as "Usually ships in 2 to 3 business days.)  By the end of business on the 24th I called and was told they didn't have the phone and the new estimated ship date was now Aug. 29.  On the 29th, I called in the morning and was told they had the phone and it was scheduled to ship out.  In the afternoon I called again and was told it showed to be on backorder and they had no idea when it would ship.  That's when I cancelled the order.  Watch out, for it still says "Usually ships in 2 to 3 business days."

I bought the phone from verizon and had to replace it 3 times in the first 4 months. Phone kept restarting and disconnecting when I inserted a hands free ear/mic. Design for hand free is bad...never fits well. Sound quality is bad.I would say you get what you pay for. The PDA is nice and all, and web feature is great if you don't mind a $120+ bill each month. Still for $150 the phone part is terrible. Now I'm stuck with it for another 18 months. UGHBuyers beware!

Hi,Before buying this phone from Amazon, I called Palm and they told me that there would be a 1 year warranty on this item as long it is new. I subsequently bought this unlocked version of the phone and I am using it on the T-Mobile network.I now have a problem on the display within 2 months of purchase. I call Palm and after multiple run arounds with tech support, they asked me to read out my serial number. It starts with a HAGA which, they indicate, means that it has to be on the AT&T; Wireless Network. According to them, I am in violation of the warranty since I am using it on the T-Mobile network. How am I know what the serial number on the back of the phone means prior to my purchase? If I am purchasing a GSM unlocked phone, obviously I need the flexibility to move to a different network.Palm is taking the easy way out - they want you to buy an unlocked phone from their site and not from Amazon. Amazon, itself, does not provide any warranty.If any of you have had better luck with Palm or have any suggestions - please let me know.Thanks

The Treo600 has all the functions I needed -- phone, calendar, camera, etc.  Two shortcomings:1) the screen is not good for viewing pictures, but that's what I get for being unwilling to spend more for a Treo6502) the phone failed to dial two times in two months.  I had to turn off the phone and on again to fix the problem.

A few friends bought the 600 when it first came out--nightmare quality problems.  But it looks like Palm's worked the bugs out, and prices are coming down because of the 650.  I have Cingular service and it works great just about anywhere; if you travel around the country Cingular or Verizon are safe (but relatively expensive) bets.  The only difficulty I have with the 600 is the keypad--the keys are small packed tightly together.  Otherwise, screen navigation is easy, battery life good, phone sound quality better than any standard cell phone I've used.

This phone/pda has real problems.  I too am waiting for Joe Schmoe's phone to be refurbished by Cingular and sent to me.  I am just hoping that I am within the warrantee -- something that Cingular cannot confirm, although I have had the various phones almost a year -- or just over a year.  You are asking for it if you buy this device!

I've owned my Treo 600, bought via Amazon, for about 4 months now and I am really enjoying it. I had previously owned an old Palm V, and then an HP Jornada, but found, lacking a utility belt, carrying a PDA in addition to a cell phone annoying to the point that I eventually abandoned PDA use. The Treo has brought me back.As a writer, I've been able to work on manuscripts (via QuickOffice) any time, any place (indeed, I probably did 25% of the editing for my latest novel on my Treo) which in invaluable. The phone functions clearly, and the camera lets me take photos (albeit low-res) on the go, which is handy to capture family moments and work diagrams equally well.With the free CoreMedia player, DVD/AVI conversion software, and a 1G card, I've even been able to take my favorite movies with me on the go, and watch martial arts instructionals any time.Only downsides are the lack of higher screen resolution and the inability to preserve data when fully discharged. I understand these are both fixed on the Treo 650, so perhaps I'll look into upgrading in a year or two.Definately my favorite gadget to date!

I have always liked palm products. We use them in our business and they do save us a lot of time. I purchased this product to save myself from having to carry a palm and a phone.The good:Very loud ringer.Plays MP3's with a mini sd card and free player ava on download.com.Nice looking and feels well made when holding it in your hand.Uses Palm software for 100's of software titles.Keyboard is easy to use.The Bad:No properly functioning alarm clock. One can be purchased for $20!!!Has a huge delay when answering a phone call for the caller to hear your "Hello"Case is "slick" and is easy to fall out of your hand when talking.Charging system is junk. Broke 1st day It arrived.If phone falls just right it is broke beyond repair.I truly loved this phone but it just is not a real business phone. It does what it is supposed to do, but can not stand up to the slighest drop or "real world" hazards. I have an el-cheapo phone that has been through a war and still works and cost $49. For the original price of this I would expect the same. I would recommend buying another phone, as the quality is really bad.

This is the 3rd piece of junk treo i have been given. I have suffered through spontaneous reboots, dropped calls, locking screens, you name it. Now the latest is screen bleeding that no one will cover. This phone is junk.

The Palm Treo 600 has worked flawlessly since day one - if it would work with the CDMA system Verizon is on (the only service I get at our new house) I would definitely keep it, but its on GSM with Cingular/ATT which has incredibly poor service in my new area. If there is any service available this phone will pick it up where others wont. Add to it all the features this smartphone adds and its a great piece of equipment at a now killer price since the new models have emerged (& are having problems this older model doesnt). IMO you cant go wrong with this phone, and I have 3 other friends with the sale model that love it just as much.

I got this phone and put the money into it so that I could add some handy software and have an all-in-one piece.  This was the most pathetic phone I have ever had.  I replaced it a total of 5 times before I just made T-mobile send me a completely unrelated phone.  I spent so much money to get so little.  The phone with just lock up all of the time, would not get service randomly that was unrelated to the service provider, it would need to be reset daily and then would constantly have to be backed up in fear of losing information and having to do a hard reset.  I do not recommend this phone for a toy for a baby, much less for a user who really wants to have some sort of function other than looking at the pretty buttons.

Phone has excellent features but has bad reception.  Just after a month (right after the store exchange policy expired) the charger is not working.  Some loose connection may be. I read somewhere else that others are having similar issues. It is frustating to have your cellphone breakdown because of the charger issue.  How can I recommend this to anyone with this kind of issues ?

I bought the unlocked TREO 600 one year ago for $549.  It has been replaced 3 times.  I gave up and bought the unlocked 650.  It crashed in 2 weeks.  I returned it.  I am now stuck with a 600 that is now out of warranty.  Service: forget about it.  All you will get is put on hold from India and they charge $25 per call after a few months.  The 600 reboots itself, turns itself off, loses all email settings, causes duplicates in OUTLOOK.  13 birthday reminders is 12 too many. It corrupted my address book and changed people's names and phone numbers, even after I did a hard reset and uninstalled and reinstalled the software.  You will never get to talk to a US Palm tech, only India.  I bought this from the Palm store.  The phone has  known issues with older SIM cards. I am now getting the Blackberry.

I've had this phone for 8 months and since then Palm had replaced my Treo 600 4 times.  I've never dropped nor scratched it but it's just the phone itself that's messed up.  Every now and then there's a problem with this phone but I will still keep it coz I paid so much on this cr*p.For those of you who are thinking of getting a palmOne Treo 600, think over 100 times first okay?!HoneybeeChicago, IL

I was in the market for a phone, and I gave this a try, because I liked the fact that I could carry this around instead of a phone, an MP3-player, and a PDA.  Although I list more cons than pros here, I really do like the phone a lot, and I would recommend it (4 stars).  The cons are minor things that I think would be a nice addition, and some people might find it helpful.Pros:- Combines a phone, MP3 player, and PDA in a nice package that fits in my hand.  All three have functioned very well for me.- QWERTY keyboard (though it is a bit small)- PalmOS (standard PDA OS; easy to synchronize with your computer)Cons:- No bluetooth (not a big deal for me)- No WiFi- Audio quality (phone is so-so, MP3 is decent)- Low-resolution screen (650 is high-res)- Requires special adapter for listening to MP3s (you can't simply get a 2.5mm-to-stereo adapter from RadioShack.  Otherwise the phone uses its speakers to play the music)- The camera is pretty much useless at VGA-quality, and don't even bother taking indoor pictures.I would also recommend getting the following accessories:- ZipLinq retractable USB sync cable (~$30; also charges the phone)- Seidio earbuds/headphones (~$30; made for Treos, you can listen to music with this one)- SD memory card (for MP3's)- a case (under $30 - if you don't want to keep it in your pocket)- PDANet software ($30 - allows you to use the phone as a wireless modem if you have Internet access in your phone plan)One last thing is, you can get a pretty decent GPS unit for another $150.

I transitioned from a regular cell phone and a palm vx to this treo 600. The 650 was not available at that time.This phone works great. It crapped out once and all data was lost (synch backup a week before). Otherwise it works great.Pluses:- Palm functionality integrated well with phone functionality.- SD Card reader- Camera- backlight keyboardMinuses:- Very slow data transfer via synch - instead transfer via sd card- low res screen- camera is pretty poor in quality, but comparable to some first generation camera phones- small keyboard buttons- need adapter to use headphones- very low volume speaker and poor quality speakerphone- No graffiti pad- Not bluetooth or Wifi (although I heard you can get a wifi sd card)I would highly recommend you get a nice case to protect this phone and screen protectors to minimize damage to the screen.

Picture quality sucks for the price. Colors are way freaky. The screen is perfect for text but not for pictures. Viewing pictures on this is terrible. Keyboard is ackward at first. The manual needs to be much more detailed. Sorta confusing to use if not familliar with palm pilots. I expected to use it like a typical pilot, where you write on the screen. This feature is not implemented.  Overall, this is a very good phone. Good reception, great sound quality!! Speakerphone is great! Neat features. Worth the $$.

I bought this phone 2 months back. This looks good and it has more functionality of PDA and also works as a good mobile phone. The concern here is some time when you make a call it is not getting disconnected and we need to switch off the mobile mode.The speaker phone quality is good and talk time is also good.I recommend you can buy this but see for better option also.

Just like anything else...I guess a lot depends on our expectations before purchasing the device. With the Treo600 I expected some compramises in the pda functioning and cell phone features. This device does an excellent job in combining both in a neat package. Everything I have used it for works well and is reliable. Good signal strength, clear calls (with Verizon NYC) My PDA software works seamlessly (epocrates, pediasuite, worldmate etc. I don't have much negative to say about this device. It is everything I expected; a functional reliable pda and cell phone. Good expandability with S/D-I/O slot.However, some negatives...it is pricey, no bluetooth or wi-fi, no voicedial, screen is not highest of resolutions...but then again, I rather have the good battery life and smaller package.All in all exceleent useful device.  I am very happy with my t600

I have just received my treo 600 from Amazon. Brilliant service and bang on time.I read the previous reviews and was concerned about buying this phone.However,I do believe that there were some bad phones around initially.... ( the treo 600 came out in 2002/3 if my memory serves me correctly). The phone you buy today is bug free ( well mine is??). This phone is the best I have ever purchased- and  is pretty easy to use. I had a treo 270 some time ago - but dropped it and it was not worth repairing.There is no comparison between the two- and I think the palm Os is better. The battery life is as stated, and it easily pulls in my GSM signal at the extremities of the cell range. So why all the bad reviews? Frankly, I dont know why.You dont need the 650 .But I must admit, that I never seem to get the lemons???

I have had this phone for over a year and was pleased with every aspect of it, other than its size.  For anyone shopping for a PDA and wants it to have phone and internet capability you realy can not go wrong with this one, especialy since the price has gone down dramaticaly after the introduction of the Treo 650 which if you have the money has some nice upgrades that would have made my life easier.

i am not satisfied with my phone bec i can't maximize the features and i cant open my web. i tried to use the cd that comes with it but the serial number on the phone doesnt match. its not registered yet bec of this serial #. The silicon case i received is wrong, you sent me the one for 650, my unit is 600. i'l apreciate if you send me the right one. Thank you.

The PDA features work well.  Syncs up easily with computer.  However, phone reception is terrible.  Admittedly, I live in a fringe area but the old Sanyo 8100 worked just fine on the Sprint network.  Even bought external antenna to improve reception and stop dropped calls but did no better.  Ready to sell and start over.

What a waste of time! This piece of junk disconnected the phone call; the system just frozen and not responded and the PDA system crashed ALL DAY LONG. Palm exchanged the phone 3 times in the last 6 months and they are all nightmares... Get the Sony P910 or Blackberry if you don't want your callers to get very upset.

Don't spend your money on this device.  Mine is recently out of warranty and the battery is a problem.  Even though there are replacement batteries for sale on the internet and instructions on how to replace the batteries, neither Sprint nor Palm will perform that service.  The only explanation I can think of for this lack of service is an attempt to force an expensive upgrade.

I've used the treo 270 (flip up top) and the treo 600. I really like the 600 with all the palm features and programs that can be downloaded to the phone.With the 270, the flip up top broke off when it dropped from the kitchen counter to the floor. And now my 600 dropped from my hand to the floor(about 3 feet)and won't work any more. For such an expensive phone, it should be manufactured to be more durable.

Bought one second-hand, (out of warranty), and within 7 days it got orange pixels on the screen.  I did a search on the web, and lots of people have the identical problem - [...]

I was a little scared about getting a refub item but I am very please with my Palm Treo 600 it works very well and i was able to hook it up with T mobil

I'm not sure what these last few negative reports are about!  It's weird that they all come one right after the other.  If I was a suspicious type...but I'm not.  Maybe there was a bad manufacturing run, or some people just had real bad luck, but my experience has been excellent.  As long as I'm on the subject of negative reviews - I've got tons of third party software loaded and this treo is more stable than the Windows XP desktop that I'm typing this review on.  It does crash, but, very, very infrequently.In fact, this has been the best piece of electronic equipment I have ever owned.  I've had it since the month it was released, and I'm still using it all day, every day, even up to now.I've used it with two different carriers - first Cingular and then T-Mobile.  It has had excellent reception, (better than my wife's Nokia), from both carriers.And it is pretty rugged.  I've dropped it: 5 or 6 times - on concrete at least twice.  It's chipped up, but still works the same as the day I bought it.I bought a 1 gig SD Card, and I carry around a lot of music.  So much that I never use my iPod anymore.  I also joined [...]and I have room for one or two spoken-word books too.On the large internal memory I have eBooks, games, business applications, docs, spreadsheets, a video player, more games, and did I mention games?The phone and PIM functions are smoothly integrated and email is a breeze.My company gave me a RIM BlackBerry 7510 phone + email device.  It is absolutly primitive compared to the Treo 600.The Treo's screen is super bright, easily visible even in bright sunlight.  I love the fact that I have a keybord on the phone even if I don't use it all the time.  I installed a thirdparty application that lets me write Graffiti style right on the touch sensitive display.The fact that it is a Palm device means it is as configurable as you want it to be.  There are tens of thousands of software applications and upgrades available.So, in summary, in one pocket I carry a great phone, a fine chess partner, a calendar, my contact lists, a memo/note pad, an ebook-reader and half a dozen ebooks, an Audible player and a couple of audio books, an MP3 player and a bunch of songs, a fantasy role playing game, a backgammon game, poker and a solitaire card games, an MS Word doc reader, the "Bejeweled" game, a midi music sequencer, an email application, a world alarm clock/timer, a space conquest game, an investment calculator, and 10 or so more things (mostly games).I LOVE this phone. And it is unlocked, so I was able to change carriers with no hassel - if you've done this recently you will appreciate that this is no small thing.So, you may be wondering, "is this guy just going to gush?  Isn't there anything you don't like about the phone?"Well yes, in fact, the camera sucks. It is better than nothing and I have had occasion to use it a few times, but it is low resolution, somewhat distorting and useless in anything but well lit situations.I'd still say it was the best, most useful piece of electronics I'd ever owned, even if there were no camera.
