
Funny as Hell and the females in the show are hot Hot.. Carla is to die for and Dr.Reed is wonderful.

For a smart phone, it is worth the money.  It might be bulkier and heavier than you might want, but considering the price, I am happy with it.

Undeniably Scrubs is the best TV show NBC has to offer. At the end of season 1 J.D. was feeling confident that things were finally turning around but as J.D. had quickly learned throughout his first year of residency if things seem too good to be true they probably are. His mentor's ex wife spitefully reveals she had a quickie with J.D. and leaves the entire Scrubs crew with their mouths wide open as she spills other tidbits that's sure to turn the Hospital of Sacred Hearts upside down.Verdict on Season 2: Can't hardly wait!

i usually dont write reviews for things that han't come out, but i just got excited when i saw this was finally being released. WOOOO!! cant wait, this is a great show.

Scrubs breaks the comedy mold and blends humor with drama and oddly enough it just works.  I would rate Scrubs as only slighly behind Seinfeld as one of the best comedy shows of all time.  The cast has a certain chemistry and beleivablilty that takes you in.  If you want to see something that can have your sides hurt and be different then try Scrubs!

Quirky humor reigns supreme in the second season of "Scrubs"...Zach Braff, Donald Faison, Sarah Chalke and friends truly hit their stride as their respective characters and turn in consistantly solid performances. This is the season in which "Scrubs" earned its place as NBC's successor to "Friends," nicely filling the daunting shoes left by the legendary series. The fantasy sequences are delightfully original and the guest stars (one ridiculously hot Amy Smart as the "Tasty Coma Wife") each seem to have years worth of chemistry with the regular cast. A great season of a truly great show.

I have have over 50 different phones in the last 5 years. I am addicted to technology. This phone surpases every expectation I have had. I absolutely love it.

I don't know why I never watched this show years ago, but I'm hooked.I mainly bought this season for the "my overkill" episode...It's great

If you haven't tried Scrubs Season One, it's a must. Once you try it, you'll be hooked and this one will be your next purchase. Since they are shorter without commercials they are easy to watch one an evening.

I had all but given up on TV as a viable form of entertainment when a couple of years ago (it seems) my wife and I stumbled upon a premier of a show called Father of the Pride, and another zany show called Scrubs immediately afterward. We fell in love with both shows, but only one would survive to a sophomore season.The advantage Scrubs had is multi-fold; it featured edgy writing, a great cast, colorful and loveable characters and physical comedy that is rarely seen in sitcoms. It also did away with the annoying canned laughter that most sitcoms incorporate almost as instructions for the audience on when to laugh. The biggest advantage Scrubs had over Father of the Pride was it's low budget, but would you believe that the show's low budget would hardly be noticed? There are many moments that his show pulls off high quality stunts, and special effects that are quite nice! The best part of it is that the show is hilarious, and completely off the wall.I like how the main character of the show (JD) has countless memorable day dreams which are often as random and completely absurd as what most of us imagine, but never vocalize. This presents a wonderfully human quality to this otherwise over the top show, and it's this element, which puts it over the top as well, which adds to the fun.Though the show doesn't quite reach the high quality standards set by the likes of Third Rock from the Sun Scrubs does come pretty close. What holds it back is that unlike 3rd Rock this show is not family friendly and features a great deal of sexual content which may not be appropriate for younger viewers. There isn't anything that would make it R rated, but the show certainly does push the limits of what is acceptable on Prime Time TV. Thankfully the show compensates by keeping the vulgar language to a minimum. All in all I highly recommend this show to comedy fans, but with the warning to parents that some of the subject matter may be inappropriate for younger audiences, funny show that it is, I certainly would not let any young children watch it.Not every show is airing in wide screen, it's a real shame because this show would benefit from it greatly as the picture is crystal clear, and extremely sharp, but is limited to a 1:33:1 aspect ratio, which means watching it in an awkward stretched ratio, or with reversed letter boxes for wide screen TVs. It would have been nice to have this show filmed with Wide screen in mind, as the clear picture does reveal HD may have been. Usually HD and Wide screen go hand in hand, but not in this case. I realize that DVDs are limited to 480p, but you can definitely tell if a show was shot for HD or not. The transfer is really clean here, I mean REALLY clean, its just a shame that it wasn't shot in 16x9. If they're using a DV cameras like I think they are a simple press of a button could solve that problem.The sound for the first couple episodes were great but for some reason the volume dropped suddenly in the middle of disk one and never really came back up until I adjusted the volume. However, this is a show with few crashes, explosions, or anything that would require Dolby Digital 5.1, so the fact that it is included is a nice bonus. The sound is decent, but not exceptional.It's not often I find a TV show that can make me laugh, but this is definitely over the top enough to pull it off, but not with the same element of class as, say 3rd Rock. Its not something you can watch with the whole family, because of its content, but it's still a highly enjoyable experience for the adults in the home, and has an excellent collection of special features which are worth watching as well.

I bought this season in addition to Season 3, 4, 5, and 6 from the Amazon all at once.  I can tell you that I never regretted buying them.  This TV show is hilarious, and I really enjoy watching it after I come from the hospital.  The daydreaming of JD (and sometimes other actors) is what makes it so special and funny. The last DVD of this season has a gag real, which I enjoy watching.

This was a birthday present for my brother, it's his favorite show. He was thrilled with it and couldn't tell it was a previously owned dvd. It arrived right on time and in perfect condition.

it was an good transition i made over internet.got the phone on time and in good condition as described

if you watch this show at all, you don't need to be talked into the DVD.  It's worth every penny if you are a fan...otherwise you can always catch it in syndication now :)

Scrubs is just a heck of a lot of fun.  Each episode is crammed as full as possible of jokes, commentary on humanity and talented comedians doing fresh bits and shenanigans.  For your time and money you can bet no better value.  Scrubs' writing is superiour--each story interweaves several other stories and brings all together in the end in comedic and occaisionally touching manner.Once of the best things about Scrubs is that despite the fact that everyone gets made fun of, no-one is ridiculed.  An example of this is when Turk starts pointing out who is sleeping with whom, ending up with two men who are sleeping together, rather than have that be the punch line--which would have been a cheap shot--his buddy JD thinks about that a moment and then says sweetly--"Oh, good--Ernesto found someone!"Overall just have a great time with a wonderful series.

I am writing this review after using this phone for almost 4 months.Advantages:1] Price is lesssss.Disadvantages:1] Bulky2] No great looks3] Battery - big issue4] Although it have bulky and tough looks, its not that tough to handle shocks. It fell twice from my hand, and then its speaker and headsets connection has got problem. Loud speaker never works now.5] Has Infrared, No bluetooth - Wireless connectivity not possible.6] After using this phone, I shifted to my original phone (Samsung T810) and then I had to call my mobile service provider to reconfigure my original phone.7] Check the frequencies, because it won't work abroad other than US.8] Am writing this 8th point on Feb 29th 2008. I have trashed this phone after using it for 4.5 months as I had no options left because it stopped working. Go for it if you want to gift it to a small kid who likes to break things, as this phone will automatically break after few months. And better don't scold your kid after its broken because you won't be able to know whether your kid broke it or it automatically got broken.I have read good reviews about this product but I would suggest not to go for this product although its cheap. My best wishes to all of those who are still going to purchase this crap.

This is one of the funniest shows on TV in a long time. The cast is wonderful (but I do wish Turk and Carla would call each other something other than "baby" all the time). Keep it going!!

The second season of Scrubs is just as good and just as funny as anything the first season had to offer.  So, if you bought the first and are considering buying the second, I would highly recommend doing so.  You'll laugh your way through these episodes too!

Obviously the intuitiveness of the phone is dictated by Windows Mobile Smartphone 2003 - which at best can be described as OK.  Feature wise it's right up there and of course it integrates seamlessly with Office via Activesync or over the internet.  Which does bring up the issue of configuring it.  I bought it for use with T-Mobile and I found it quite difficult to navigate which T-Mobile services I'd need to get all of the functionality on the phone - combined with the fact that since this phone is unsupported by T-Mobile, you'll need to manually configure the email/internet etc.  Finally got it all figured and now everything works well.  However, using all of the features will consume your battery.  Heavy usage of the email and internet features will mean a battery life of about 1 1/2 days.  Lighter use, or no use, brought it back up to about 3 days on standby.  Sound quality is excellent and construction is above par with one caveat - the screen is made of plastic which is anything by scratch resistant.  Advise buying a carry case.

The second season of SCRUBS aired during the 2002-2003 season on NBC and despite the network's constant delays and time-slot shuffling (something NBC has still yet to outgrow) the show maintained its fan base and gained its stride. If you're unfamiliar with the series then you are in for a real treat. Basically SCRUBS is a sitcom that is tailor made for 20-somethings but somehow transcends the limitations of most other shows and finds an audience in most all demographics. The show does this by combining drama with quick witted humor and probably the most slap-stick in a TV series since The Dick VanDyke Show (speaking of which, Dick VanDyke guest stars in the episode My Brother, My Keeper). SCRUBS is honest and farcical all at the same time. The show can make you laugh out loud at one of the many "day-dream" sequences then have tears welling up in your eyes not 10 seconds later. It's the most unique and fulfilling half-hour on TV today. And now it's on DVD so you don't have to sit through those lame commercials!Whereas Season 1 focused more on "the job" of being a doctor/surgeon/nurse and how these 20-something interns relied on each other to get through the day, season 2 focuses a little bit more on the personal lives of the staff at Los Angeles' fictitious Sacred Heart Hospital. But make no mistake, just because focus shifts towards personal lives doesn't mean the cast ever strays too far from the hospital and the pressures that "the job" still brings (see the episode My Monster). As far as personal lives go Season 2 sees some old flames from Season 1 rekindle then quickly dwindle: J.D. and Elliot (not a gay thing, Elliot is a woman played by the sexy Sarah Chalke). While other relationships become more serious: Dr. Cox & his ex-wife and surgeon Turk & Nurse Carla. Also guest-starring in several outstanding story arcs are Heather Locklear (as a sluty pharmaceutical rep) and former NYPD Blue & Silver Spoons star Ricky "Call me Rick" Schroder (as a male nurse or "murse").And if you're a fan of Bonus Features then this set will not disappoint. Even more features than the previous volume, season 2 has featurettes that delve into what really makes the show tick: the day-dream sequences, the character interaction, and of course the music. Series creator/writer Bill Lawrence also delivers 7 outstanding commentaries with the main cast on 7 great episodes. The Season 1 commentaries where a bit stale and had a lot of silence, but Bill & the cast seem to be trying on these and actually deliver commentaries worth listening to. And there's also the requisite deleted scenes and bloopers features. All in all SCRUBS Season 2 is just about the most fun you can have with your DVD player without making a trip to the adult video store.

The cell phone we received is perfectly fine. No problems of any kind and the price was very reasonable. Thank you.

Reading the reviews, I get the impression a lot of people adore Scrubs and find it hilarious. I agree, but with one Caveat - you can have too much of a good thing.After watching 20 episodes I began to see the patterns and how the jokes and plots repeat. Yes - they are all funny & they do keep you on your toes, but when you've seen Dr Cox do yet another rant at JD, JD fall down yet another set of stairs & witness another round of JD-breaks-up-just-when-Elliot-finds-someone-new, it gets a little tedious.So this is why I've found that 2 seasons is enough. Maybe it'll seem fresh again in a few months but, having seen later seasons, it sadly seems predictable.Still, there are 10 seasons, so there might be something in the other 8, right?

I'm a big fan of amazon.com. I love the products and the sevice is 100% reliable. Thank You Amazon

There's really no reason for the lack of attention for this show - it's probably one of the most original on television today. It's a medical show, yes, and there are serious moments with real heart, but it's still down right hilarious. Zach Braff, Sarah Chalke, Judy Reyes, John C. McGinley and Donald Faison have a great report, and they make even the craziest scenes work. I can't wait for season 3!

Been using this for 5 mths now and its been a boon NOT to have to carry two devices - my cell phone plus PDA - separatly. Had a problem syncing my Notes with Outlook, but Smartphonenotes fixed that.Overall, the Voq is well worth the reduced price so long as you're willing to figure out usability for yourself (as I assume there is little tech support available from Sierra Wireless)

Like many people out there, I caught on to Scrubs during season two. Back in May I bought the season 1 set and it is without a doubt the best season package of the year. It's creative design on the DVD menus, discs, and packaging have yet to be rivaled and it is so packed with bonus features that it has set up nearly impossible standards. I have no doubt that season two will be just as phenomenal (but hopefully with better cover art) and I can't wait to see the episodes again. This is one of those TV shows that gets better as the years go on, not worse. I'm also extrememly happy with the quick turn-around time for release of the second season, thankfully we don't have to wait a whole year, and hopefully the other seasons will be released quickly also.(...)has all the info about bonus materials, if you're too anxious to wait for amazon.com to update.

This show is so funny and well written. The music is also really great on it.

I've had this phone for several months now and it's actually quite good.  I originally bought it because I needed a business phone that didn't have a camera-kind of a big deal in many office environments these days.Some of the complaints against this phone have more to do with how Windows Mobile / Pocket PCs work than with this phone in particular.  Example:  it does take a lot of menu hopping to jump around, but that's typical of any WM device.  Use the smart myVoq feature instead.If you leave "receiving incoming beams" on, you'll have to recharge twice a day as your phone constantly looks for infrared input that probably isn't there.  Turn it off and you'll find a much better battery life.  Heavy talk times might mean once a day recharging; I average once every other day.If it sometimes wakes up on its own, that's Windows Mobile for you.  If I remember correctly, that particular version of WM had to start up to handle scheduled events (it's the same for Pocket PCs from around the same period).  It's only up for a second, it won't kill you.The phone is on the largish side for a phone, but not for a Blackberry or Smartphone device.  If you want extra functionality expect extra bulk, that's all there is to it.  The way you're supposed to look at these things is to consider that now you don't have to carry phone + PDA, phone + laptop, etc.  Don't buy this phone if you wish your RAZR had a keyboard, the size will break your heart.It comes with more ringtones than your average phone, but if you don't like the offerings bring your own, it'll use MP3s among others.The fold-out keyboard is quite good, in fact out of all the thumb board styled keyboards I've used it's probably the one I personally find  I type the quickest and type with the fewest mistakes, which is probably due to the nice intuitive QWERTY layout.The screen is very bright and crisp, and along with the keypad is pretty functional even in the dark.  I wouldn't want to write my thesis on it, but if you just need to check a Word attachment from an email this phone is perfect.Compared to Palm there isn't as much software for Windows-based Smartphones available (at least of the free variety), but the Voq also has a Java client installed.  Works great with Opera mini.  Don't forget it'll also run some Pocket PC apps-I use Pocket PuTTY to SSH from the Voq and it works great (love that QWERTY keyboard!) with every site I've tried.All in all you really can't beat a new, unlocked Smartphone for this price.  It has its quirks, and it does look kind of big on your belt, but I really think it's an excellent product.

I have always loved 'Scrubs', and was absolutely thrilled to see it had been released on DVD. It certainly did not disappoint.Honestly, this is a really magnificant series, and well worth the money. The humour is accessible and endearing and the characters are wonderfully likable. 'Scrubs' has a wonderful inspiring aspect that avoids the undue sentimentality of so many other sitcoms.I think the second series is funnier than the first, though I love the focus on character growth in the first series. But really, both are extraordinarily worthwhile buys, if simply because of the sheer number of viewing hours.So if you missed an episode or just love Scrubs...this is a must!

Makes you love it even more...the story, the characters...it all works.  I love Ben and I wish he would have been around more, but...

is even better than the first season if you can believe that.  With guest stars Heather Locklear and Ryan Reynolds coming into play on Scrubs for awhile.  It only made the show with the off beat, quirky and downright funny personnel of the Sacred Heart hospital that much more likable even Dr. Cox as he has a new reason to change his tune (just a little) with a baby boy that gets him and his ex-wife to still throw verbal snaps at each with ease.  But show some more love as well.JD is still weird, nerdy and downright lame as can be. But he's more interesting in his character and growing with confidence as a doctor.  Along with his surgeon best friend Turk who takes his relationship up a notch with Carla, the ever spirited and fiesty nurse that has no prob letting folks know when they are having relationship woes among other things.It's just a great show to sit back and watch at anytime and you'll know what it is to watch a great show that knows how to make it fun to watch TV and just have a good time in general.

In the second season of Scrubs, one of the few genuinely funny comedies left on TV, life at Sacred Heart Hospital doesn't get any easier for Drs. John "J.D." Dorian (Zach Braff), Chris Turk (Donald Faison), and Elliot Reid (Sarah Chalke), who are now residents.  In fact, things only seem to get worse for them, but for us, that only provides for more laughs.In the first season, much of the focus was on how demanding the life at a hospital could be.  Evil bosses like Dr. Bob Kelso (Ken Jenkins), mentally unbalanced mentors like Dr. Perry Cox (John C. McGinley), and a psychotic Janitor (Neil Flynn, now a regular) made life at the hospital hell.  While there were a few bright spots, like Nurse Carla Espinosa (Judy Reyes), who became fast friends with J.D. and became Turk's girlfriend, there were many hardships to overcome.  Now, while things still are difficult at the hospital, the newbies have got their routines down.  This year, the characters' personal lives serve as the focus.One of the biggest story arcs involves Dr. Cox's ex-wife Jordan Sullivan (Christa Miller), who is pregnant with another man's baby.  Meanwhile, Turk decides to propose to Carla (in a very hilarious way), while Elliot and J.D. still find dating a challenge.  Elliot falls head over heals for a very nice, very attractive guy, but when she learns that he's a nurse at the hospital, she has a hard time accepting the fact.  Meanwhile, J.D. has a constant stream of bizarre relationships from Lisa the Gift Shop Girl (Sarah Lancaster) to Jamie Moyer (Amy Smart), AKA Tasty Coma Wife (or T.C.W. for short), a woman who's husband is slowly dying while in a coma.Sound effects and fantasy sequences are still a major contributor to the comedy this year, but not as much as last year.  Still, this show has some of the best cutaway sequences this side of Family Guy.  Some of my favorites include J.D. and a German patient dancing to the song 99 Red Balloons, while another has Elliot and Jamie doing the "Rerun Dance", complete with matching outfits (there is a very interesting story about that in the extras section).  Furthermore, in one of the most original openings in sitcom history, singer/songwriter Colin Hay performs his song Overkill and follows J.D. around the hospital, showing up in bizarre places, including the morgue.  Another great thing that I started noticing this year is the very subtle placement of things from earlier episodes in subsequent ones.  While this show came before Arrested Development, AD is what made inside jokes like that famous, so I'm going to compare these references to those of AD.  For instance, in one episode, J.D. remembers how he bought a ventriloquist dummy to impress women, then in a later episode, we see it in his room.Some of my favorite jokes are the ones involving the Janitor, who was allowed to interact with characters besides J.D. this year.  He is still tormenting J.D. for no reason, but this year, he begins to badger Turk and Dr. Cox.  Originally, there was going to be a twist where he was only a figment of J.D.'s imagination, but when they realized that they were going to stay on the air for a while, they started writing scenes for the Janitor with other characters.  Neil Flynn is a comic genius; he delivers his lines so well, and is great at improv.  In the alternate takes extra, some of the greatest stuff are the things that he didn't say.Still, one of the greatest things about this season was the episode "His Story".  Nearly every episode begins with the word My, because each episode is narrated by J.D.  In "His Story", the episode is told from Dr. Cox's point of view and we begin to see what makes him tick.  This was a very new and fresh episode, and in every season since, there has been an episode told from another character's perspective (so far we've gotten Turk and Elliot, and Carla is coming up next, but I can't wait for the Janitor to get one, but it probably won't happen).The list of guest stars this year may even be better than last year.  Many actors from Spin City showed up this year (Bill Lawrence also works on that show), including Heather Locklear, Alan Ruck, and Richard Kind.  Furthermore, Dick Van Dyke, Jay Leno, Jay Mohr, Ryan Reynolds, David Copperfield, and Fred Berry.  Furthermore, the returning characters of Dr. Doug Murphy (Johnny Kastl), Dr. Todd Quinlan (Robert Maschio), Nurse Laverne Roberts (Aloma Wright), and Ted Buckland (Sam Lloyd) had many great appearances.The music on the show is almost a character itself.  Often, the background music is used to help tell the story or transition between drama and comedy.  There are very few shows that I can think of that music plays such a pivotal role (Veronica Mars is one of them, and even that show doesn't use music as such an essential thing).Finally, the extras on this set are amazing.  Television DVD sets tend to get the short end of the stick when it comes to extras.  Sometimes, they'll have one or two good commentaries (with a bunch of other lousy ones) and some featurettes that are very hit or miss.  On the Scrubs sets, all of the featurettes are entertaining.  I haven't listened to any commentary tracks yet, but, judging by the quality of the other features, I am sure that they are also very well done.In short, this is another great Scrubs set.  I would reccomend it to everyone with the one caveat (to some people at least) that some of the sex scenes are a little racy.  The show is shot at an abandoned hospital, which many of the network execs find to be either too far or too creepy to visit on a day-to-day basis.  Therefore, the crew is able to get away with stuff that most shows couldn't, so there are a few very steamy scenes, and if this is a problem for you, beware.  Otherwise, enjoy another great season of TV.

I have discovered that television has dramatically changed over the years.  It isn't about original programming any more; it is simply about how many advertisements you can jam into a half-hour time slot.  It has become depressing.  Where has all the original programs like Alf, Slimer and the Real Ghostbusters, and Golden Girls gone?  Instead, we are forced to watch prefabricated sit-coms that involve no reality (aka no money, fabulous house, amazing bodies) and are full of more commercialism than you can wag a stick at.  So, I have done my part to stop this "forced" television by cutting my cable all together.  I told the company that deals with our neighborhood that they were no better than the "big tobacco companies" and that I needed to stop "cold turkey" if I were to release from their cold dark hand.  So, with a huge gasp of air, I did.  Now, when I need my television fix, I buy a television series or rent one and enjoy the laughter without commercialism.  It is the only way to watch television anymore.  With all of this said, I finally had a chance to catch up on one of the most original television programs out there right now, Scrubs.  Its amazing blend of imagination, slapstick intelligent humor, and quirky characters keep the show fresh, appealing, and highly entertaining throughout its second season.Scrubs is not your typical show.  While it is a purely fictional program, I find that it deals with some of the most "real" problems facing us today.  What makes this show amazing is that it combines the realities of life with hysterical flashbacks and mind-challenging music.  The show is helmed by one of the greatest, and most comical, cast in television.  Zach Braff, amazing in Garden State, proves that he can play the "every man" better than anyone else in television.  His emotion, humor, and situations can somehow relate to true experiences in life, ones that we have all been through and laughed at afterwards.  His best pal Turk, who is struggling with the leaving bachelor lifestyle to marry his hospital girlfriend Carla, flanks him.  Together they have both imaginative adventures and dramatic encounters.  The "third-wheel" is Elliot, who cannot seem to pull herself out of a constant barrage of ruts, but always has her friends next to her.  These three are surrounded by some of the funniest, and human, doctors on television.  There is "headmaster" Bob Kelso and the hysterically funny John C. McGinley playing Braff's sarcastic mentor, Dr. Perry Cox.  With so much talent in a singular show, it is saddening to know that its peers have not awarded this show anything.  Studios would rather boast about the newest episode of Friends than reward a program that actually thinks about its comedy!I think what makes this program spectacular is how well the development team is able to combine both a comical, yet dramatic, element to each episode.  Not only do we laugh at these characters, but we also feel for them.  I do believe this is crucial in establishing a successful television show.  Audiences need to feel as if the characters are human, that they are (and can) go through experiences just like everyone else.  That is exactly what the team creating Scrubs has done.  What is great about the show is that they take these very small instances in our lives, blow them up, and surround them with humor, emotion, and quite a bit of great music.  Oh, the music.  That is definitely an element that sets this series apart from everything else cluttering our television sets.  The BEST Scrubs episode has to be the one where Colin Hay opens with his classic "Men at Work" song as he follows Braff throughout his day.  This will remain in your mind as a new television classic long after this series is dead.  Also, just the way the producers somehow pick some of the most beautiful songs to transition from comedy to drama in an instant, it is nearly like a third character.  The music is huge in Scrubs and I do not think it would be as successful without it.Scrubs also works because of the people involved with the show.  Everyone from Braff, to McGinley, to even the infamous Jan Itor (HA!) contribute 100% for each episode.  Each time I watch them interact together they make me laugh, they make me smile, and actually appreciate the creativity on television.  They are a smart group of actors that actually embrace comedy.  It is obvious that it is not forced, that they are not struggling with their characters, or seeking approval by any audience.  Scrubs is a show that you will either hate, or love.  It took me a couple of episodes to get fully developed into the show, but now, I cannot wait to witness J.D. fall into one of his mind "escapes" and take me into a very silly world remenicient of Monty Python or Seinfeld or even Family Guy.Overall, this second season is a phenomenal jump for this series.  There are some great twists, some amazing turns, while all the time keeping what we love about each of our characters in tact.  We see stronger relationships form while continuing that ER like emotion.  I cannot wait to watch the third season and revisit these old friends that make me smile each time I turn them on!  Scrubs is the perfect example of what television is like when you correctly combine intelligence, originality, and powerful actors!  Bravo!Grade: ***** out of *****

Great show.  Always funny.  I honestly hope this has a longer run than 10 seasons.

This got to my house in exactly the condition described and it arrived very quickly. Thanks!

In addition to the other reviews...Season 2 contains the episode titled "My Overkill" in which Colin Hay, of Men at Work performs a beautiful accoustic version of their song Overkill. It's one of those episodes that gives you the chills when you hear this song performed in the manner of which it is. Colin Hay, the troubadour, follows J.D. around the hospital; towards the end of the episode, the song helps Dr. Cox get back to "life as usual".

..........so I do consider myself somewhat of an expert in the clinical arena.  I have watched them all,  Marcus Welby right on through ER.  Scrubs is the most realistic, albiet tongue-in-cheek representation of our professions.  You cannot take everything seriously,  but,  if you believe an emergency room can function like ER 24/7 and still have people standing,  you're out of touch w/ reality as well.

This season is just one more reminder of how great this show is, how inventive, interesting, anything but run-of-the-mill.  It also increases my bitterness at how shabbily NBC has treated this show - shifting the schedule constantly, not airing this season until 2006, and just generally treating it like a second-class show.  Maybe that's why they are losing viewership.  Can't tell a gem when they have one.  Scrubs, unlike many shows, is incredibly watchable, even a second, third, fourth time.  A show definitely worth the DVD commitment.

J.D., Turk and Elliott get promoted to residents - now having responsibility for the training of a new group of interns while they continue their own learning.  Heather Locklear appears as a seductive pharmaceutical representative (almost ensnaring Dr. Cox), and John Ritter appears as J.D.'s dad.  Good material.

Great Phone.  Had it for a little over a month. I got a great deal for $90.  PDA function is awesome, not to mention the Windows Media Player for those boring commutes.  You can play music and watch video as long as you have enough memory on the SD slot.  Works great with T-mobile Web Plan for $5.99.  The only downside is the start-up time, but I rarely turn off my phone so that doesn't matter.  And yes the battery time is kinda short, but I play games and listen to music all the time on the phone so I end up charging when I goto sleep anyway... so no loss there either...  Great phone, esp since now you can get it for around $100 instead of $400.  Definite BUY!

It is nice phone but it is bulky and outdate. If you want camera opt for another phone.

This item got to me in exactly the time it posted it would.  I love it and have already watched it along with my Season One.  I love Amazon and the sellers on Amazon.  You really cannot beat the prices for the value and quality you get.I am a long time buyer from Amazon and will continue to be.Thank you!

This phone is really cool and has tons of features, but is missing basic features like; easy and quick way of setting the phone on vibrate, ring tones are extremely low and short, there is no way of adding categories or customizing them to your contacts, etc.Update:This phone ended up dying after four months of use.  There was no support or replacements available.  This is the best example of caveat emptor (buyer beware) that I can think of...  Such excellent potential and way ahead of its time, but not worth $5 now.

I got my Voq just about a year ago and have been using it every day since. It has tons of great features and for such a low price, so who wouldn't want to try it out? This a fully-enabled smartphone, with all the applications and such of any other windows smartphone, such as Windows Media Player mobile (I listen to MP3s all the time) and Internet Explorer (if you look it up, you can get internet for only 6 bucks a month!). The included "myVoq" program makes searching for contacts and other items a breeze (it works much like spotlight on the mac). The keyboard is great for texting, email, and, for forgetful ones like me, notes and the pocket outlook calendar. The included SD card slot allows me to take my movies, music, photos, and documents on the go, which can all be accessed by various programs on the Voq's beautiful backlit color screen. This smartphone holds a charge for about 2-4 days for me, depending upon usage - if I just use it for a few calls and the calendar for a few days, it can last for about 3-4 days. But as soon as you start listening to music or, especially, using the internet, that battery starts going down, but you still usually get at least 2 days out of it. The phone gets great reception - not the best, but close. Voices come in and go out loud and clear. This smartphone is comfortable to hold in one's hand and isn't as large or heavy as many reviews might have you believe - it is still large though.Things of note:The contacts feature is crazy awesome! You can input all sorts of info, including a 3rd email, address, etc, anniversaries, birthdates, and even the names of people's kids! And on top of that, there's a feature to add extra "notes" so if there isn't a field you see that you want to write something about someone down in, you can just utilize that. Also, the calendar feature is great, acting much like Outlook on the PC with reminders and all that. Also, build quality is excellent - after a year, the thing still feels practically new, despite the fact that I carry it around in my pocket all day.The two first reactions I always get from this phone are: Man, that thing is huge! and That keyboard is so freaking cool! The phone is fairly large (you'll need to reserve a whole pocket for it, trust me) but all of the features make up for it.Pros:-Full-featured Windows Smartphone-Cheap now!-SD Card slot (regular, not mini!)-"Freakin' cool" keyboard-Sweet contacts - lots of info inputs for people, if you need it.-Awesome, intuitive calendar-Great as a phone, too!-Excellent quality-Cheap internet! (once you follow the easy steps to configure it right)-myVoq search finds everything you need easily.Cons:-No official support because they've been discontinued (but I haven't had any problems yet...)-No camera (I miss this feature sometimes from my old phone, but less now)-No wifi-A little bulky-Charge, for some, may be inadequate (2-4 days)Bottom Line: A phone packed with features and quality, well worth the low, low price it is now (even well worth the $140 bucks I originally spent on it).NOTE: Buy an iPod sock or a Gameboy Micro sock to put this thing in - trust me, it keeps out most of the dust and protects the screen without being too bulky for your pocket!

Witty, ironic, sarcastic, hilarious, but at the same time touching and causes you to reflect on your life and relationships.

Scrubs the Complete First Season set the benchmark for TV program season DVD sets with its high quality and quantity of extras. The Complete Second Season has even more.  Like with season one there are again deleted scenes and alternative lines which are sensational.  Added for season two is stunt casting, where celebrity appearances and cameo appearances are shown and commented upon. Imagination Gone Wild where the actors and crew commentate on the fantasy scenes and we also get to see most of these fantasies together in the one clip while they do this is also sensational.  Other great new features include Secrets and Lies where crew and actors make fun of each other, JD's Mojo where Zach Braff and others analyse JD's sex life as well as Johnny Keeps Talking where Johnny C. (Dr. Cox) tells us all about getting the part, how he turned it down three times, how he developed the character and his first impression of the other actors.  Musical stylings highlights the importance of music selection for Scrubs success and either in this or one of the other extras Zach Braff explains how he discovered Lazlo Bane's song Superman and convinced the creators to use it as the Scrubs theme song.The only thing I didn't like about the season two DVDs was that with a lot of the audio commentaries the director seems to have forgotten to turn his microphone on so you have to turn up the volume really loud to hear what he is saying, meanwhile whichever actor is co-commentating who does has their microphone on is really loud.  This is the case on the Australian version anyway, which means you can't really watch these commentaries late at night but need to find a time when your neighbours aren't home.Of course you also get all 22 hilarious episodes of season two which alone make this a much own DVD but the extras as well show other TV programs what can be achieved when you actually care about your fans and want to give them value for money.  If you haven't already done so also buy the masterpiece Scrubs the Complete First Season as well.

Overall- Exactly what I was looking for to check email, surf (little) while on road, airports without luggin my laptop. Works great w/ T-mobile ($5.99) plan. Syncs w/ Outlook and can view Office files & PDF attachments in emails. Have stored music & pics on the SD card.Battery life could be longer and screen scratches VERY easily - get the case FIRST!

What can be said about the best sitcom on television that hasn't already been mentioned?  The second season of Scrubs is so incredibly brilliant.  It's worth purchasing for the episode "His Story" alone, a 40-minute episode in which Cox does the narration.  Buy this the moment it arrives in stores, or suffer.Oh, and thank you, whoever you are, for improving the box art over the first one... although anything, really, would have been better.

It sometimes get the calls and sometimes with out reason doesn't. I have to use my old phone instead.

Scrubs makes me LAUGH VERY HARD at least twice a show. Sometimes more and I ain't easy either. Now I need the 3rd season. I already have the DVD season 1&2 of which I recommend one highly as well. Scrubs is perhaps the funniest show on television today. I have been watching the new season on iTunes and the show just gets better as it rolls along. It kinda reminds me of Northern Exposure but I don't recall laughing that much then. So as strange as NX but more funny ?Also on a totally unrelated note WHY do all the great shows live in constant danger or just plain get canceled ?  Is it because the networks are run by IDIOTS ? Is it that the American public has no taste [or bad] ?BOSTON LEGAL got jerked around by ABC and Arrested Development is in danger or HAS been canceled. They are the BEST SHOWS EVER. And the networks are killing them, I don't get it.DENNY CRANE

i like this show.  the discs were in good shape.  ten nine eight seven six five four three two one!

I am so excited that I got this show. Im getting them all becuase it never gets old! the humor is the best. I'm not sure what episode it was but I love when JD and Turk pull the soup shower joke on Hooch. &#34;Hooch is crazy!&#34;

Scrubs is a rare show in the fact it can make you laugh and cry within a few minutes and sometimes at the same time.  The characters while a bit wacky at times are very believable as is the show in general.  This is one of my favorire "SitComs" on TV.

Though it hasn't been released yet, i'm already peeing my pants with laughter just thinking about the ABSOLUTE BEST show in decades. Scrubs is awsome. When this Season 2 DVD is released, I'm SURE i'll watch it over and over again, as I have with the first Season. I can't get enough SCRUBS.

Scrubs is hilarious. I just started watching it last year by accident (the TV was just sitting on that channel) and now I look forward to Tuesday nights when this show is on. I bought the first few seasons to see what I missed and am glad I did. I love it! This hospital comedy makes you laugh, yet almost every show has touching moments that will cause a lump in your throat.

I found the series through syndication, and have been hooked ever since.  I purchased the 1st & 2nd seasons together.  There are few shows on TV to watch, but if you want a truly funny, intelligent-well written show with a talented cast, who complement each other, this is a show for you!!! My son and niece are now hooked as well.

I got hooked on Scrubs last season and I was so surprised at how original and funny it is. It completely re-wrote the standard comedy format and there's really nothing like it on television. It even made hospitals funny. I'm can't wait for season five but I know it will be worth it.Scrubs follows the life of Dr. John "JD" Dorian as he tries to make it through life as a doctor. His roommate Turk helps him along the way and he's constantly fighting off his attractions to fellow doctor Elliot. Dr. Coz, the chief of staff constantly gives him advice but most of what he says is trying to hurt him rather than help him. Dr. Cox affectionately gives him the name newbie. Turk's girlfriend Nurse Carla watches out for JD and adds a lot of comic relief. Then there's Dr. Kelso who runs the hospital. Everyone pretty much fears him. Rounding out the perfect ensemble is the Janitor who's had it in for JD ever since the first episode. I have never laughed so hard at a comedy in my life.Scrubs also deals with some hard issues like death and friendship and it's so powerful that you leave the show touched after those episodes. It's heartwarming, funny, and it has no laugh track. The perfect formula for a great show.

This is the funniest, warmest show on tv, I love all the characters, I have laughed, I have cried, I have laughed and cried at the same time, it's one thing few shows can pull off. I just finished watching the First Season on DVD and i'm blown away. Everything from the package, the menu designs, to the show itself is top notch. I can't wait to see what Season Two of Scrubs in DVD has in store for us. And I love that cover!!!!

living in the middle of nowhere, with minimal access to English speaking TV programs I got a copy of an episode of Scrubs from a friend.The rest is history>  Season 2 came out just as I was finishing Season 1.  I can only hope for the same with Season 3.Funny, clever, poignant and irreverant.  Scares me a bit sometimes with how close it resembles my life, but hilarious at the same time.

Scrubs is hilarious!! I also received it in a reasonable amount of time and in perfect condition.

If, like me, you've bought the 1st season of this already legendary show, you're biting your nails wondering is there any way to make November 15th come any faster!In our pretty jaded age of reality TV and cheap shock-value entertainment, Scrubs is one of the few lights in the darkness in terms of razor-sharp script, character develpoment, laugh out loud moments, superb acting and solid, consistent development of characters from season to season.This is basically a really long winded way of saying that Scrubs is, quite simply, brilliant. This is one of the few shows in TV history, quite like the Simpsons I suppose, that is so funny you keep expecting to wake up in your bed laughing, realise that a show this good does NOT, in fact exist, and that your world is all the poorer for it! Thankfully that's not the case tho...Season 2 continues to develop the characters of JD, Turk, Elliot, Carla and the inimatble Dr Cox in a similarly hilarious (and sometimes poignant) fashion as season 1. All the other supporting characters we know and love are back too, and with lots of celebs jumping on board for an episode or two (Scrubs has fast become as fashionable a cameo vehicle as The Simpsons or the late great Friends)Our heroes are now a lot more experienced and versed in the ways of hospital life, but year 2 brings new challenges. And of course Dr. Cox cares not how experienced they have become, he needs no encouragment whatsoever to dress them down as often as possible!Season 2 picks up after the bombshell that Dr Cox's ex-wife, Jordan, laid on them all at the end of Season one - Cox's love for Carla (and Turk knowingly witholding that information from Carla!), Elliot's love for JD, JD's brief fling with Jordan herself and other revelations are all waiting in the wings to be continued as Season 2 commences...The Season 2 episodes list is as follows:25: My Overkill26: My Nightingale27: My Case Study28: My Big Mouth29: My New Coat30: My Big Brother31: My First Step32: My Fruit Cups33: My Lucky Day34: My Monster35: My Sex Buddy36: My New Old Friend37: My Philosophy38: My Brother, My Keeper39: His Story40: My Karma41: My Own Private Practice Guy42: My T.C.W.43: My Kingdom44: My Interpretation45: My Drama Queen46: My Dream JobSo there you have it. Bets taken now as to how long this show will run for, but barring any of the actors pulling out, this one is already a monster and will run until the wheels fall off; a prediction that I, for one, am thrilled about! Season 2 is still a couple months off but I think I'll pre-order mine now in case they are all sold out!

To make this a very brief review, it is all that the other reviews say, but to me the most salient points are:1) Even set at the highest volume the ringtone is almost inaudible. If you are in a restaurant or the street you probably won't hear it at all. If the phone is in the next room, you won't hear it ring. There is a vibrate mode, but it will only vibrate one time, and again you may miss it.2) The alarm clock mode will not work unless the phone is turned on. So you can't turn it off at bedtime and use it as an alarm clock.2) The keyboard is good and it is useful for instant messaging.3) The phone is solidly constructed.4) The phone has good reception and transmission in areas of weak signals.5) Being unlocked, you can use it with different SIM cards when traveling overseas.

This was an awesome DVD collection and I can't wait to get season 3!!  The DVD extras were terrific!

The phone I got is defective. The calendar synchronization does not work between pc and cellphone. It always reset the clock on the phone. The phone is difficult to use.

My loving wife is a scrubs fanatic and I got this for her as a gift for Xmas a while back.

contrary to what some of the other reviews say, there is no way to make the ringtones any louder as far as I can tell.  I tried to play an mp3 on it and it sounds just the same.  Also, i'm not sure the vibrate function works.  I haven't notice any vibrations from my phone.  and yes it is kinda big.  a girl would not put this in a pocket; it would have to go in a purse.

i love scrubs its a wonderful show with JUST the original crew. but honestly the seller wasn't 100% honest- the disc seemed at first to be working ok, but going into the 3rd episode it started to skip and stop playing all together. Then my boyfriend and i had to spend 15-20 mins just taking it out of the dvd player and cleaning it off and trying to reload it, but still had problems and didn't play clearly at all.

I am surprised at the quality of this unlocked phone. I just slipped the SIM into place and it was ready to go. In Nicaragua it works just simply perfect. The configuration for Internet access was time-consuming though. My friends told me that it rather looks like a remote control but after seeing all of the features they all got shocked. Indeed, it was a smart buy for a smartphone

Good purchase, good buying for the price, but...CONS: pocket Win always is slower and you need to be closing apps to keep enough memory, BATERY! you have to keep charging everyday.PROS: good resolution, excelent idea the expandable keyboard, functionality super, nice apps online like CONTACTS PRO, EPOCRATES (for medics), SKYSCAPE software. Cool you can personalize sound callers, and put photo on it (Ctacts pro soft), good reception, no compatibility troubles using it with Latin America companie`s SIM.Always recomendable, it depends on you if consider better or not than treo.Have fun and try it!!

Love the show, always great for laughs.  Arrived on time and in great condition, no scratches on the disc's and the case was in great shape.

If you haven't seen the first season, it won't matter too much, because this is where everything really begins to take a foothold.  I said in my review for the first season that Scrubs was the first truly classic 21st century sitcom, and if you didn't believe me when you saw the first season, you'll definitely be changing your tune when you watch the second season.  This season isn't as immediate as the first one, mainly because the jokes are so intelligent, humorous, and sometimes subtle that it's easy to overlook them the first viewing.  Emotionally, however, this season has a stronger, more mature core, and that's apparent on the first viewing, and the writing has grown as well.The jokes are definitely more memorable.  Everywhere I go now I practically make a reference to jokes on that show (especially when Dr. Cox is trying to come up with another girl's name to call J.D.).  I want to meet the guy who came up with the line "...she sent him to surgery where you guys helped him kick that nasty oxygen habit he had once and for all!" because the wit in that one line is just to die for.  The visual gags, such as the massive Rerun dance fantasy and J.D. getting a shower of spit from Dr. Cox, leave a mark of originality that most shows lack.The more dramatic parts coalesce even more than last season.  Even episodes that start out quirky end up making the most impact such as "His Story" and "My T.C.W."  "My Philosophy" is probably the most emotional episode of the season, made even more so by J.D.'s subdued reaction to a patient's death at the end.  Each character has evolved and made even more human.  Dr. Cox is the most transformed; he still has the bite and sarcasm that makes him Dr. Cox, but he showed more of the cracks underneath the surface this time around, allowing for an understanding of why he is the way he is.  J.D. also has grown; at times his mistakes are hurtful and not as humorous, in short he has become human and not just a humorous focal point.Enough of me talking about this.  Check it out and see for yourself.  You'll be doing yourself a disservice if you don't get the second season!

season 1 was one of my favorite shows ever. very very funny, very original, superb main character in "JD", all that. now i am watching season 2 and its just gone. i've laughed twice in 4 episodes, while season one had me in stitches the entire time. its like they are repeating season 1, but without the jokes. the same people doing the exact same thing, even nice musical numbers thrown in, but it just ain't what it used to be. i strongly suggest not buying these dvds without at least sampling an episode. however, starting at around episoe 12 the show gets back in gear and while still not as great as the first season, it does become thoroughly enjoyable. this continues into season 3 which starts out great.

great product fair price fast deliverythat is all you needevery time I watch this it makes me laugh and laugh great stuff after long day

I'm a big fan of this show, so of course I was very pleased w/ the 2nd season DVD.  If you're looking for non-stop laughing, this is it.  I just picked up the 1st season too.

i have already watched season two three times.  just as wonderful as season one!!  now i'm just waiting to pre-order season three!

I'm assuming if you are looking at this you already like Scrubs. All I have to say is at this price you gotta buy it. I got it and I am so happy with it. It came with a great bunch of extras, more than I have had on other TV shows. Also I don't know if you bought the first season but the case on the first season stinks and they improved it greatly for the second season.

What can I say? This is the best darn phone Ive ever had. You can have all the functionality with the 5.99 T-Zones plan from T-Mobile. Its a pain to set up, but once going its real nice.With this phone I can check my email, log onto & post on the secure company forum, watch movies from the sd card, mp3 player on speakerphone,  games, maps and directions, sync with outlook, calendars, a simple voice recorder, etc..It is also very intuitive & easy to use once it gets up and going. The qwerty pad makes all the difference in the world.All for around 100$ and 6 a month - no sh*t - cant beat that.This has been the best purchase Ive made in a long time...I travel occasionally and I love to have all these distractions in one little box, even if its a little larger than most other phones.Thanks Sierra for your Board Members to disown this product and allow it to become as inexpensive as it is.- One Happy Camper -

This has got to be the funniest show I've ever seen. I really enjoy watching it. Scrubs is such a well written show.

I got this PDA for one week and became extremely disappointed. I had used Palm Treo 300. By far, it could not come close to Palm in term of easy to use, stable, intuitive. You have to navigate many times to get you want. This probably is not important for you.I intended to use the PDA to read ebooks and listening to MP3. Unfortunately, it fails in both areas miserably. First, there are not many quality programs for smartphone. I tried Orneta reader and ClearVue PDF reader. cleareVue pdf reader just could not open any pdf file (internal error). With Orneta Reader, it always displays a turning symbol blocking a big area on the center of screen and you cannot move it or scroll it. What a horrible program!Well, you can blame other vendors for failing to deliver good software. What about the phone? I have a 512 MB SD card. 95% of time, the phone just doesn't recognize the card. Device not ready / available! Try it many times, ocassionally, it decides to recognize the card, and you cannot put file on to it!How about battery? The first time I got it, I followed instruction to charge the battery, more than 20 hours. Yes, I charged it continuously more than 20 hours. And in next half day, all of charge was gone and I didn't spend time on the phone!Some people might get a good one. For me, this PDA is just a terrible experience. It should be rated negatively for wasting so much of my time and money. Stay away from it.

I just want to say, this is the phone which has everything I need. I don't use phone to take picture, and talking with bluetooth earphone seems very stupid for me..So this phone, without bluetooth and camera, just fine for me.For those people who complain about battery life, you can setup your GPRS as "manually" connect with Internet, so that the phone will not keep connecting with internet for checking email, then battery life is just as good as other phones. Typically, I use this phone everyday for talking about total 1 hour, and for listening music about 2 hours (walk on the way to work and on the way back home), before I go to bed to recharge it, it usually has 2 bars of battery left.I am using 2GB SD card and it works fine. SD card is the cheapest memory card nowadays. And who does not have one SD card? So you don't have to spend extra money for memory card. I saved a lot of music and picture on it. Some important files, I also copy them in the phone as I can check on the go.The best part of this phone is, it integrates a lot of softwares, makes it able to read Word, Excel, Powerpoint and PDF files with no problem, those softwares you must pay to have register code in any other smart phone. It also has a file manager, picture view software, and it can play pictures as slide show in full screen. I used Audiovox SMT5600 before, it even does not have a file manager.Furthermore, it can be used as a modem if you have dial-up internet available, so connecting with your laptop can let you go online at anywhere without expensive phone data plan. Or you can use dial-up directly on the phone, to use internet explore for checking your email on the phone. But be aware of that Cingular blocks data transfer if you don't use their internet sevice. So if you are using T-mobile, it will be no problem to use this phone's dial-up for online, sepcially at weekend and evening, you get free internet service because your call is free during these time.Like other smartphone, it can syncs with your computer for all your contacts and calender, and even playlist in Windows media player.If you go online to search, you can find a lot of games and home screen themes available for free. The only thing I want complain is, everytime I restart the phone, it loses the home screen themes which I personalized with my son's picture, and I have to copy them into the phone again.Over all, this is a wonderful phone for those people who understand how to use a smartphone.--------------------------------------------------Update on December 29, 2006Recently I installed an Asian Language Pack, so now the phone can show my music file's name in original language which comes with songs... Also, I installed a software called TMPMP which can let my phone play MP4 and 3GPP movies, so my phone now is really SUPER powerful. Of course this progarm also can play MP3 and wma, and acc files.

I replaced a 6120 BlackBerry with this phone.  I was astonished at how easy it was to set-up. It comes with the OS already installed (Microsoft Mobile 2003). The VOQ Mail Pro software is really nice and better than Outlook.  The boot time is a little slow but that is the OS not the phone (its Microsoft Windows, come on ppl).This phone works great on the Cingular network.  I receive an excellent signal.  Much better than the Blackberry (on the T-Mobile network).  The usability with this phone to navigate back and forth through the features is great.  Again, better than the blackberry 6120.I will be buying more of these phones in the future if I can get access to them.  Sierra Wireless discontinued this phone which is too bad.  I reviewed many many smartphones and PDA's before making my choice with the Voq Pro phone. For the price ($150 US) this phone has met and exceeded in some areas all of my expectations.  I considered purchasing the following:- Treo 650- Samsung i730- iPAQ hw6500The only feature I wish this phone had was bluetooth for transferring files between my phone and laptop.

I have to admit I didn't even know this show existed till half way through the second season, but now i just can't get enough of this show.  Everything that could be on so many T.V. shows is all put into this ONE sitcom. The actors and actreeses have some the greatest chemistry together. I have watched the first season way too much for my own good but that just proves how much I love this show. I am LITERALLY counitng the days down till the 2nd season is released

Scrubs is probably one of the best TV shows we have ever seen. Even though I purchased my season at Best Buy, I'm still reviewing it here. This is a show that will make you laugh and cry all in one episode. Every time we watched an episode we felt so connected to the characters. If your looking for a funny show that has a serious side this is definitely for you. I would definitely recommend this show. As the seasons move forward the show just get better and deeper and better!!

2 things that made me change 5 stars to 4:SLOW boot (windows)....Low battery life....

This phone has a major problem!  It has no reset button!  After I had it for 2 weeks, the phone locked up.  Turning it off and removing the battery did no good.  While it worked I really loved it, but how can I recommend it when there is no way to do a reset? Even at $89 this phone is too expensive!

This is one of the best shows on TV, and it's great to be able to go back and re-watch the previous seasons. Season 2 is great, picking up right where the cliffhanger left us in Season 1. Scrubs will make you laugh, make you cry, and might make you start saying banana hammock.... buy it!

I'm surprised this show hasn't reached Seinfeld level of acceptance. It's funnier than Seinfeld. The humor's fast, somewhat random and very constant. Can't recommend this enough.

Full of quirky characters, this show is a nice break from all the serious hospitals dramas out there.  Enjoy a laugh, just don't take it too seriously!

Scrubs - The Complete Second Season put this little and much ignored show on the map. Season 2 is really strong and the writing is unique and remarkable. It's pretty sad this show is ending this season but hey I'm glad Scrubs made it work for seven seasons even though it was never a ratings darling. Zach Braff continues to shine and the rest of the cast are a hoot as well. Get this season and the rest today. Enjoy!

Lots of phone for the price.  The Windows software is super intuitive to work with.  Flip out QWERTY works great. Using it on the Cingular network and the signal & sound quality have been superb.  I'm old fashioned; I hold phones up to my ear to talk (no bluetooth on this thing) and I have a digital SLR to take pictures.

Purchased as a gift.

I bought this phone to replace my old one, which was getting old and [...].  This is possibly the best cell phone I've ever had.  I get good, strong signals in places where before I got nothing.  The reception is crystal clear and the sound is loud enough to hear in noisy environments.  The display is clear and easy to read, even in the sun.Pros:Solid buildOutstanding receiptionLarge display (for a phone) which is sunlight readableQWERTY keyboard which is very pleasent to use, compared to a number padLoaded with softwarePlays movies and musicSpeaker in the phone is loud and clear, better than most laptop speakersBattery lasts long enough to get you through the dayPlays MP3's for ringtonesVibrates AND Rings at the same time, if you so chooseExternal antenna connection (still looking for adapter...quite sure I'll find one soon)Comes with high quality handsfree earbud/micSincs easily with Outlook for contacts, calender, and tasksVoice dial by name or number (works great)IRDA and cable (included) connection to computer for sincNo Bluetooth (no worries about hackers stealing your data)Cons:Sometimes it takes a while to complete a task when running through a bunch of programsAlarm and installed ringtones are patheticDoesn't come with car charger (it should, considering the battery life)Battery life is shortNo Bluetooth (toys are restricted to the cabled and IRDA variety)Last Sierra Wireless phone, which means eventually they'll stop even having a web site for supportI've seen a bunch of folks complaining about the battery life.  The way I see it, if the battery lasts until I plug it in at night, with a little to spare, that's good enough.  I can see if they are flying all the time, but who is so lazy that plugging in their phone every night, as opposed to every three or so nights, is a big sleep-loosing issue?  I've ordered a car charger on Ebay, just in case, since at a moments notice I may find myself driving or flying cross-country.  As soon as I find a spare battery, I'll buy it, for the same reason.The phone is big, compared to my last phone, which wasn't a smartphone, didn't have a QWERTY keyboard, had a tiny screen, and didn't do anything other than place calls.  However, compared to other smartphones, it's about the right size, and feels good in the hand as well.  It's also much smaller than a PDA phone, or a PDA/cell phone/MP3 player/movie player cluster of devices that all need their own batteries, chargers, add-ons and doodads.  Frankly, nobody should be whining about the size, since the dimensions are clearly stated.  Doesn't anybody own a ruler?It is somewhat a pain to configure this phone for internet access.  According to Cingular, all their phones have some top-secret software installed that magically allows them to access the net.  Since their programmers didn't have a chance to work their voodoo on this phone, there's absolutely no chance that it'll work with their internet service.  Well, after a bit of fiddling with the settings, much trial and error, and looking at the settings of their other phones (available on their web site) it worked just fine.  I managed to view most web sites, except those with Shockwave animation, which seems to shut down the browser (same as my PocketPC).  CAUTION! I racked up [...] in internet charges with just a few minutes of browsing.  After you get it working, I strongly suggest you enroll in a data plan.As for some of the other issues folks complain about, there are three things to keep in mind:1) This phone is bought from a third party, and was never offered by any US service provider.  That means it is up to YOU to set everything up, or have that nerdy kid down the street do it for you.  It wasn't overly complex for me, and though I have some experience with networking, I am by no means a pro.2) There is a firmware update for this phone.  You much check out their web site for downloads and instructions.  As it is, my phone had the latest firmware, which was a very nice touch.3) This phone was the first Sierra Wireless made, as well as the last.  Unlike Sony, Nokia, Motorola, and others, they didn't have years and years to polish their design, work out kinks, respond to customer feedback, and so forth.  They boldly tried to make phones, did an incredible job for a first try, found the phone business to be filled with too many lawsuits and much drama, and quietly bowed out.  This means you aren't going to get a perfect phone, and support for this phone will eventually dry up altogether.  Be prepared for this.I don't think this (or any) phone was ever worth [...] mainly because of the limitations of Windows Mobile and a device that must be around the size of a cell phone.  It is certainly a bargain [...], with no contract, unlocked, brand new, and a fairly complete software package.  It's also not a huge loss if it gets stolen or broken.Kudos to Sierra Wireless for a great phone.  I only wish they had time to build more refined models.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Update 9/20/06First of all, this phone DOES work with the new SIM cards from Cingular.  I turned it on, placed a call, and received a call, all without problems.  I also got full bars in my living room, which even my brand new phone doesn't get.Unfortunately, I was unable to find an external antenna adapter.  According to one source, the connector was designed for a car kit adapter, sort of a quick-connect type thing.  I did buy the car kit, however, the antenna connector barely touches the contacts, so it's unlikely you'll get a solid, reliable connection that's suitable for data, although it probably works very well with voice.I stand behind by review (except for the spelling mistakes...oops)I went through three phones, all brand new with oodles of modern goodies and fancy bling, before I found one to replace the VOQ, and even then I was disappointed with the OS, which is Windows Mobile 5.  There is a lot more software out there for WM 2003se than WM 5.In fact, I haven't decided yet if my current phone is The One.If you can find the car kit (found mine on Ebay) it might be a worthy investment.  The VOQ slides right in, and the kit can either be installed in one car, or moved from vehicle to vehicle.  It comes with the parts to do both.  The only bad thing is the antenna, which is lame, but you can buy a Wilson antenna and hook it right up to the connector.The performance is very good.  I've played several games on the VOQ, and it performed flawlessly, with no slowdowns.  Other apps did slow down at times, but it never locked up.The mono headset is the best wired headset I've used.  The stereo headset is good for music, but not good at all for calls.I've been using a 2 gig SD card with no problems, although I've heard the max capacity is 512 mb.  There's something to be said for a standard size SD card, which is very rare with phones today.  No silly adapters for mini or micro SD cards, inexpensive, and easily removed without having to shut down, remove the battery and SIM, and all that nonsense which seems to be the standard with today's phones.The phone felt solid when I first got it, and after a few months of using it I can say it is very solid.If this had bluetooth, heck, if it just had a good external antenna adapter, I'd keep it.  I even considered digging around in there and soldering a good connector, but after having tried a bluetooth headset, I can't see going back to wired.I still haven't decided whether to put the VOQ on Ebay.  Should something happen to my current phone, which is too expensive to quickly replace and which Cingular refuses to insure, again because it's too expensive, I'd have a real hard time going back to a cheap normal phone.  I'm even having a hard time giving up my QWERTY keyboard.  Anyway, I'd hate to see this great phone sit around for nothing while the battery ages, so I'll probably send this up after the return period is over for my new phone.Did I mention this phone works with the new SIM cards from Cingular?  Outstanding!CS

From character development to the evolution of the trademark style of the program, this season compilation is fantastic.  Plus the behind the scenes extras and the cast/crew commentaries (HILARIOUS) add so much to the experience that the network broadcasts can't even touch this set (which might be a downside to the collection).  I only wish they'd do more (but that's like asking for five pints of Ben and Jerry's instead of four).Ultimately, I watch this more than I should, but that's only because Season 3 isn't out yet.  I also bought Season 1 last November, which is just as good and just as addictive.

after a sony and samsung, i came across this phonethis is one of the better phone on the market. here is a run down:pro:good reception. my old phone gets 1 to zero bars and this one gets 2fully functional windows pocket pda. it is smaller than palm or blackberry yet it is fully pda functionalthe flip out keyboard. everyone just wows at itsd slot. the things you can do with it. i no longer carry a mp3 playerquality. it's been a year of my work abuse and it's still fully functionalcon:battery life. you need to charge it everyday. i guess it's same for all pdassize, sorta big in compare to regular phone but it's a pda phonedial program. the dialer program tend to freeze up once every 2 to 3 month and you need to hard reboot iti recommend this phone

Great, got it for my granddaughter for Christmas and it was a better price, no fighting crowds, price was comparable to any place else without gas and crowds. It's the only way to go when you have to get CD's or DVD's, no crowds, no gas, no traffic, comes to the door. It's crazy to go looking for it in 5 different stores when you can come straight to Amazon and spend 5 minutes.

More of the same. Great price - no shipping. Great gift that was much appreciated.

Scrubs is one of the best comedy TV shows, and this second season is hilarious! Really worthy buying!

I got this phone because my other phone was stolen & I wasn't able to get a discounted phone for a few months. I would use this phone again if that happened but it's not my choice for a phone.I did have a few problems with it acting possessed. It would start dialing numbers when nothing was touching the key pad. I would be on the phone & out of nowhere it would dial #666#006666 etc. I would turn it on & off & it would still be dialing randomly. I used this phone for a few months & this happened about 4 times which isn't terrible but definitely annoying. I like the full letter key board that opens up & I like the internet as well as the other Microsoft applications, but it's nothing you can't get from another phone with the same applications. I have AT&T; service and if you want to use the internet you have to get a different type of internet package in order to use it. It was about $30/month, which is about the same as the Blackberry package. I also had to work with AT&T; to get the phone working with texts which they were able to get going after I called customer service. I think this phone, at least at the time I got it, was primarily used in or from another country which is what I attribute these obstacles to.I would only recommend you get this phone if you can't afford something else, like a Blackberry, or if you need a temporary phone like I did.

Got this as a birthday gift for my brother. The price was awesome, product looked brand new, very happy with this.

I ordered this as a birthday gift for my grandson and I am happy to report that he as returned a positive opinion of this purchase as this is one of his favorite shows.

The second season of Scrubs is every bit as good as the first. The set hits the ground rolling with all the same wit, humor, and directorial prowess as the entire crew continues to push the bounds of what can be done for this relatively small series on a budget.The truly observant will note that some of the more quirky aspects of the first season have been eliminated or toned down - notably the sound effects, which are used much more sparingly. The change works, though, as the basic feel of the series remains the same while not having to rely on that comedic crutch.In the second season, our frightened new doctors, fresh out of college in the first season, manage to find their feet a bit. The show takes the opportunity to explore their feelings and relationships while they gain their confidence, but takes care to affirm that they're still only learning.The focus of season two is still the mostly-lovable but self-centered and oblivious JD, but there is plenty of room for growth of the other characters. Almost all of the focus characters are rounded out and grow, right down to the JD's janitorial nemesis.As for the DVD release, special features abound. What's more, though, is that they are features that are actually worth watching. The show's cast and creators open a window to what goes into creating a sitcom, from the difficulties of shooting in a real hospital to casting, scriptwriting, and dealing with unlikely success. The episode commentaries are also a wonderful glimpse at the level of involvement and dedication that goes into making a hit series. Recorded years after the making of the episodes in question, it is amazing what little details those involved manage to recall.As fast-paced comedy goes, it is difficult to beat Scrubs. Between the out-and-out hilarious writing and masterful way that the pacing is used to direct the viewers' emotional highs and lows, Scrubs' second season is definitely a set to own.

Ok phone, but there are some snags.  It doesn't support MP3 files for ringtones and the ones with the phone are almost inaudible.  The software didn't load on my laptop, so I can't sync any files.  It's only a pity that Sierra Wireless doesn't provide any more support for this item.  Getting a spare battery or other accessories is virtually impossible.Otherwise though, it sends and receives calls fine.

I love this show! It has the kind of humor I can relate to, making fun of the everyday oddities of life.  The characters are full of human flaws so they are easy to relate to.  They address the many issues of not just the health profession but also of life.  I can watch this show over and over again, so it is well worth the purchase.  I like to watch the show to help me relax after work.  It's good for laughing, especially with others!

I own the complete series (except season 9, which I don't consider real scrubs). This is a fantastic show! I received this quickly, and it was in great condition!

You'll laugh untill you actually need medical assistance... and even so... you'll keep laughing

Everything is good. The only bad thing which is more important than anything else, that this phone is unstable. Sometimes it doesn't recieve calls, has some problems with conection with personal computer and so on.I am about to sell it back.

There are few changes in the second season of Scrubs versus the first season, mainly because the formula works so well. As the season opens, J.D., Turk, and Elliot have just finished their internships and are entering their medical residency years. Also, Jordan, Cox's caustic ex-wife, has set the cat among the pigeons by outing her ex's crush on Carla (and Turk's knowledge of it), Elliot's crush on JD, Kelso's manipulation of Cox, and the fact that she has slept with JD - and it was "go-ood". The gang can barely look at one another - Turk and JD are forced to bunk together, Carla is huffing, Elliot is hiding under tables to avoid JD, and Cox is blowing steam through his nose everytime he sees Kelso.In "My Nightingale", Dr. Cox tries to convince Jordan that they should reunite, and that he is not the same self-sabotaging person he was when they were married. However, Jordan leaves after she hears what is supposed to be an introductory speech praising evil Dr. Kelso that Cox turns into a roast. Fortunately for Cox, though, the audience misconstrues his remarks as sarcastic and humorous. The funniest part of this episode is the appearance of hospital lawyer Ted (Sam Lloyd) and his real-life acapella group spending an entire night-shift singing TV theme tunes, including upbeat renditions of The Six Million Dollar Man and Charles in Charge. You see, TV theme songs are their specialty. From that point forward, "The Blanks" are frequently featured in the show."My Fruit Cups" is a realistic episode about financial pressures that medical students face as Turk and J.D. periodically fill their trunk with hospital food - specifically fruit cups and pudding - to help make ends meet. The janitor is making J.D. sweat over this issue since he tells him he is investigating a number of thefts at the hospital. Only later do we find out he is investigating the theft of drugs, not food. Elliot, who up to now has had no financial problems since her father has been footing the entire bill, finds out that his generosity comes with a price - Her dad believes he has purchased the right to tell her what medical specialty to enter into. Meanwhile, Jordan has returned, obviously pregnant, but who is the father?The J.D/Elliot relationship resurfaces when Elliot begins to feel alone and financially pressured for the first time in her life after her dad withdraws his support. On top of everything, she is being sued by a patient whom she wrongly diagnosed as having eight months to live when he winds up living longer than that. So she begins to have sex with JD in order to relax, until at some point they become sex buddies. JD begins to really like this no-strings set up until  Turk tells him that at some point Elliot is going to search for sex sometime when her emotions are normalized and then J.D. will be back where he was with her last year. This leaves JD seeking a way to break up with her again."His Story" is probably my favorite episode of the season because it features the snarky Dr. Cox and has just the right amount of comedy and drama. First off, J.D. says for the first time, that he has no story to tell and Dr. Cox takes over the narration for a change. Thus the episode reveals a lot about the character of Dr Cox, with scenes such as his therapist telling him he'll end up all alone, the party that nobody turns up to with all that money spent on pizza, and Cox's reaction to JD leaving him. Combine this with such insanely random humor as Pancake Man and Johnny the tackling Alzheimer's patient and you have a nearly perfect episode.Later in the season, J.D. finds himself attracted to Jamie, the T.C.W. (tasty coma wife), a woman whose husband has been in a coma for the past two years. He fights the attraction, but later the husband dies, and J.D. begins a relationship with her. Unfortunately, she gets bored easily, and J.D. finds out Jamie is a "drama queen" - in order to keep her interested he has to stir up some kind of trouble. However, when he runs out of ideas and tells her that he and Elliot are getting back together he realizes things have gone too far.In summary, if you enjoyed Season One of Scrubs, you'll enjoy Season Two just as much or more.

I love the phone and all its features but am having trouble getting help from T-Mobile setting up the web functionality. This phone, it seems cannot acess the WAP services that is commonly known as T-Zones ($4.99 extra per month) rather you have to access the internet via a GPRS connection ($19.99 a month extra.) I would have never bought this phone had I known this incompatibality with T-Mobile. Let me know if anyone has any other remedy to avoid the GPRS $19.99 fee.

If you call TMobile's tech support or visit a store, they will sell you the $19.99/month plan to go with a phone like this.  It is not at all necessary.The biggest problem setting up internet access with this phone is how deeply buried the settings are in Windows Mobile 2003.  Here goes:  labelled as Action(keystroke)Start... (left Select)Settings (8)More (9)Data Connections (1)Menu (right Select)Edit Connections (1)GPRS Connection (5)Menu (right Select)Add (1)When you're there, Fill in the description, Set 'Connects To' to Internet, Set the Access Point to [...](still has the retro url).  There are other access points you can use, like [...].  Hit the discussion boards.  Most say that the access is included with plans above $39.99.  Your mileage may vary, as they tailor some plan features to different markets.That was all I had to do to get this running.  Most of the information is on T-Mobile's website, under the Configurator.  While this particular phone is not supported, just choose a Pocket PC phone (like the HP) and adapt the directions for the OS.Once it's running, the browser is great.  I like the fact that you can force it to display images larger than the screen (normally it will resize to fit, making maps unreadable).  You can use Google Local without too much fuss.  Great phone for the price.Only real downside to phone that I've found:  Secure Digital slot is not SDIO, so no Bluetooth (or WiFi) for you.

Ever since I first saw Scrubs I've been smitten with it's distinct brand of comedy. Each character is different than the others and has their own story, not to mention they're each relatable in their own twisted way. Although the series still focuses solely on JD, there are points in every episode which explore the inner thoughts of each person. Even the massively misunderstood Dr. Cox gets his turn in the spotlight when he takes the place of JD and we really get to know the real him. There could be no better way to follow up a season like the first than with one like this. Season 2 continues from last season's ending fight where Cox's ex-wife tells every secret each person had.Each person seems much more human this time around, not that they didn't in the first season. I was happy to see that we got to learn more about Elliot. She was the one person that you really never got to know, and as expected she's a full load. You could always tell she was overly stressed but now you learn why. But don't think that just because you learn more about the characters that you won't be laughing a lot along the way. Each episode is chalk full of laughs and an equal amount of sadness. I will admit though that the dramatic scenes aren't as dramatic as they were in the first season. Nothing has really changed from season 1 to season 2 and I like that. JD and Turk are still best friend, Carla and Turk are still totally in love, JD and Elliot are still trying to figure out how they feel about each other, Cox and JD still have a love/hate relationship, and JD and the janitor are still creating waves.With a slew of great guest appearances, a great basic plot line, and terrific acting on everyone's part, there's no reason not to love this show. Each episode tends to deal with a different human emotion and does it's job with flying colors. There's no show on TV right now that makes its characters seem more real, even though they're completely fictional, and that is as important as anything.

I don't know if I can wait until November for the second season on DVD! This show is, hands down, the BEST sitcom on television. Not only is it side-splitting hilarious, but it also has a tremendous amount of heart. I absolutely love this show. I cannot wait to own the second season on DVD!!

The first three seasons of Scrubs were the funniest ones for me, and of those, this one is my favorite. The characters are nicely established, each with their own quirks and foibles, yet are still fresh and exciting, while the setting and the characters' predicaments are still different and interesting with enough scope for outlandish antics. Later seasons got a little tired as the characters/jokes didn't seem to have that many new places to go. For example, how long can it be funny for Dr. Cox to call JD Joanna? Originally that was funny and you were just dying to see what name he'd come up with next and what novel way he'd think of to emasculate JD - now... well, we've pretty much heard it all before.This season is so funny though, with sharp dialogue, still fresh characters and situations, and off-the-wall humor to throw you into fits of laughter when you least expect it. Okay, you might say that when watching a TV comedy you do 'expect' to laugh, but do you? Do you really 'expect' to? I don't. Not with most of the garbage that's thrown at us these days. So to find something that legitimately makes me laugh is a very pleasant surprise and a wonderful treat.My favorite characters are JD, Dr. Cox (of course), the janitor, and a much underrated bit-part player - Ted, the abused lawyer. All the other characters have their moments, but you'll find the best humor comes from the interplay of these guys.If you want an idea of what it's like - think of the friendships of Friends mixed with the squabbling of Frazier (with Niles) set in a hospital run in a Faulty Towers fashion, with Terry Gilliam's stop-motion animation replaced by the live action of the characters' daydreaming. Yep, that's Scrubs for you!If you've never seen Scrubs, it might take a little getting used to - such an odd group of dysfunctional individuals with such 'life and death' responsibilities - but once you get the hang of what's going on, I defy you to not laugh. And every so often they do throw you a curve ball and add a little sensitivity - the odd patient does die, and not in a funny way. But those serious asides add to its allure.Scrubs is a modern day classic - cleverly written, with endearing characters, and sharp wit. Go on, treat yourself!

To this day, Scrubs is still one of those shows that is not totally appreciated by the network that airs it, doesn't get huge ratings, but still has a fantastic fan base that truly cares about the show.In the second season, viewers got to know a lot about the personal lives of the characters, which helped to make them more real and eventually inspired people to really invest in them, which is what makes the fan base so devoted.Scubs is not like any other sitcom, at least any that I watch. It's odd fantasy sequences are quite unique and the no-studio audience format is quite interesting. There is no laugh track, which leaves you laughing on your own.And, watching Season two, there were plenty of chances to laugh.As J.D. (Zach Braff), Elliot (Sarah Chalke) and Turk (Donald Faison) enter their second year at Sacred Heart Hospital, they are certainly bound to take a step up. Instead of being interns, they are now residents, left with more decisions and more responsibility.John (J.D.) Dorian is the center of the show and the episodes, for the most part, are written from his point of view. He provides the narration for almost all the episodes and the fantasies are usually spawned from his brain. In season two, he wrestles with his feelings for fellow resident Elliot Reed, battles with chief resident Perry Cox (John C. McGinley), sees his best friend Turk get engaged and has numerous romantic entanglements. I will say, that JD gets tons of beautiful women. In this season alone, guest stars that went on dates with him include Amy Smart as the Tasty Coma Wife (A great episode) and Sarah Lancaster as the gift shop girl. But truly, JD is lonely, especially in comparison to his best friend Turk. One highlight of the season is a visit from J.D.'s brother (Tom Cavanaugh). The pair actually look a  lot alike.Turk, in season one, met nurse Carla Espinosa (Judy Reyes) and in season two, the pair become engaged. It is revealed in commentaries by the show's creator, that Turk and Carla are a couple they plan on keeping together for the length of the show and they have to work out many problems to get to that point. In season two, Turk's engagement ring gets swallowed by a young patient, Carla's mother dies, Turk's brother (guest star D.L.  Hughley) creates havoc on their relationship and they have the typical arguments that come with being newly engaged.Elliot has problems of her own, ranging from battling her feelings for JD to exploring other relationships, mainly with nurse Paul (guest star Rick Schroder). She finds herself cut off from her father's money, forced to live in a truck for a while and then crashes on Turk and JD's couch. She is a nervous wreck for the most part, but at the same time she is a competent doctor, who just needs to get her personal life in check.As Dr. Cox, McGinley is superb.  His long rants and diatribes are hilarious to listen to and the way he chooses a different girls' name to call JD every time he speaks, is pretty funny as well. In this season, he reunites with his ex-wife Jordan (Christa Miller), who is pregnant and eventually delivers, his baby. A highlight of the season was the episode where Cox narrates, taking over from JD's usual role. It is insightful to hear from someone else every now and then. He also has a relationship with a pharmaceutical rep, played to perfection by Heather Locklear.Ken Jenkins adds a bit of meanness as Chief of Staff Bob Kelso. He constantly berates Dr. Cox and is always looking for a resident or intern to pick on, often settling on Elliot or JD. His pompous attitude creates a lot of friction between himself and other members of the staff, but that leads to a lot of great comedic moments.Neil Flynn is added to the regular cast as the nameless janitor. According to commentaries with the show's creator, Flynn ad libs most of his lines. His incessant picking on JD is quite funny and really, I find the janitor to be the funniest character on the show. I love it when he pretends to be a doctor, or just finds inane ways to pick on JD.As far as extras go, this set is great. There are a number of commentary tracks with creator Bill Lawrence and various cast members. There are a number of featurrettes, one dealing with guest stars, another with music. There are deleted scenes and outtakes and a one-on-one interview with John C. McGinley, which is quite interesting. I found the commentaries to be quite informative and a very welcome addition to the set.All in all, a great set of a show that has yet to be truly appreciated by the networks and even by some television fans. This is quality comedic television.

We love Scrubs. It is a very funny and relatively clean family show, save some sexual innuendos. We haven't watched an episode yet, that didn't make us laugh.

This is my first smartphone, and let me say, I am really liking the functionality of it. I bought it mainly because I have been looking for a phone that I could use as an mp3 player as well, and for only $80, its a steal. I also love texting with the full QWERTY keyboard.I almost didn't buy this phone after reading some of the reviews. However, the 2 or 3 reasons I read that people didn't like it for, were in fact incorrect.1. Yes, the ringtones that come with it are virtually inaudible, but it does support mp3 ringtones. If you add an mp3 to your media library(from your sd card) it should be in the ringtone section. Or what I did, after you have installed activesync on your computer, just go to the folder that holds all the default ringtones, and upload your ringtones there. They are plenty loud, actually they are louder than my Razr V3 ringtones. No problem hearing them ever.2. Size. Everyone says this thing is massive. Its pretty big, yeah. But it is no bigger than a Sidekick 3. In fact, I bought a Sidekick pouch for it, and it fits perfectly, so if sidekicks are too big for you, then dont get it, otherwise, size isn't a big deal.Only kind of bad thing I can say about this phone is its battery life, and it's not that bad. I listen to music about 4 hours at work, and at the end of my  9 hour shift, It's usually around 55% left. Whats weird is when it finishes charging, and you leave it plugged in, it still drains the battery. Not as fast as if it weren't plugged in, but it does go down.So dont go by the bad reviews on here, for $80, try it out, its easily worth that much.

So, this phone is straight out of the excorcist.  About 3 weeks after I bought it, I was at work and the phone randomly started dialing numbers.  I turned it off and then back on, but the phone just started doing the same thing.  It stopped after about 15-20 minutes but hass happened twice since then.  Also, while it has a lot of cool features, you can barely hear the ring itself and the battery has to be charged EVERY night.  I definitely would not buy this again.

I own every episode of every season of Scrubs - I've actually had to replace some of the seasons because I watched them so much. This is worth the money for anyone you know who liked the show or who likes the reruns still showing on TV - especially since you can usually get these for pretty cheap (especially here on Amazon).

Didn't like it at all, too silly for my taste.

I love scrubs, and I feel that the second season is a great collection to own. 'Overkill' leads off season two, this episode is a favorite of mine and my wifes. There are some great episodes in this collection, and it has become a goto when there is nothing good on TiVo. Highly recommended.

Great addition to season 1! Any true Scrubs fan must have this set. Just plain funny.

I decided to rent season 1 from Blockbuster and I fell in love with this crazy group of doctors. I then preordered season 2 and when I was done I loved it even more. This is not your generic comedy, for one thing it has no laugh track which makes it better and they can do just about anything, there have been heads melting, limbs cut off, talking babies (all in fantasies of course). Zach Braff as Dr. JD Dorian is a comic genius, just about everything he says makes you wanna roll off your couch. My favorite is the janitor, played by Neil Flynn who improves nearly every line and when he shows up you know something good is coming. There are also tender and sad moments, which occasionally give it some depth.Now to the season itself. As of this moment I have seen 1,2, and 5 so I don't know how it compares to the others but this has some of best moments in the show's history. The special features are great, with deleted scenes, outtakes, and interivews. And I urge EVERYONE to watch the audio commentaries by Bill Lawrence, the creator, and the actors, it's so entertaining to learn about the small things, like they ramble on for a few minutes about the background doctors.Season 5 is my favorite right now, but if you are a Scrubs fan, this is a must-own and even if you are new, you will fall in love right away.

Overall: Good phone; SOLID build; reasonable battery life: 2.5-3 days with an hour's talk time + some PDA-work (and cheap spares), good QWERTY keyboard for SMS/e-mail, syncs well with Outlook (appointments, contacts).  Decent documentation.Phone pros: good/decent signal, good/decent call quality.  Good external numeric keypad.  Predictable battery life (2.5-3 days, though I talk maybe 1 hour in that time).  Got a spare battery off an online auction site for cheap.  Can use .wav files as ring tones (MP3 -> .wav via Audacity?  I haven't tried).  SOLID build.Phone cons: somewhat large (candy-bar with a big screen!), have to get used to the earpiece position (can't rest the phone on my ear)... And once, though the keypad was locked, the phone (slipped into my pant pocket) called up my friend.  Weird.  But that hasn't happened again.  Ringtones could be louder.PDA - I can sync my contacts with Outlook and keep track of my appointments, which is all I really want.  Have also managed to use Gmail via POP3; the VoqMail application does not support POP3.(For POP3, you have to enter the server IP address and port completely (pop.gmail.com:995, smtp.gmail.com:465), I had some trouble with that.  Internet connection via GPRS also has somewhat of a weird work-around - look up the cingular.com FAQ for setting up the Audiovox SMT5600 SmartPhone, nice screenshots.)PDA pros: QWERTY flip-out keypad good for notes, contacts, appointments.  My fingers are not slim, but not fat either - so I can enter data/SMS at a good pace.  SD expansion slot.  Windows Mobile 2003 SE actually, FWIW.  "Flight" mode - but I still turn it off in the plane!PDA cons: Has frozen (only!) a couple times in 3 months, can't find a reset pinhole, so took out the battery... (momentary flashback of my last PDA - a Toshiba e310).Have had the Sierra Voq for over three months now, happy camper.  Way better than the Motorola v180 (which it replaced) or the e310.  Now, if only I could get a decent non-leather cover for it... Too bad Sierra stopped production, but if they hadn't, I wouldn't be able to own this wonderful phone!  One man's poison....

I absolutely love this show!!  The show gets better and better with every season...it's funnier and better written and the story lines improve.  I can't wait to get the third season.  I highly recommend this TV show!

I don't really want to take the time to write an in-depth review here, but I love this freakin' show.  There are only 5 shows currently on television that I watch religiously, and Scrubs is one of them.  The others are Family Guy, The Simpsons, My Name is Earl, and The Office.  This listing should offer a window into my comedic tastes.  If you've never seen Scrubs, or if you've started watching the show recently, you really owe it to youself to get season 1 and watch from the beginning.  Understanding the characters and watching them develop is crucial to really enjoying the show.  Plus the story arc follows each episode after the other, giving the story a continuity that is difficult to just pick up on in the middle of a season or the series.

Season two for Scrubs remains the single best season ever made for the series.If you could only own one season of Scrubs, this is the one to get!

This is one of the best sitcoms to ever hit the tube.  I hope that they continue to make more and more episodes.  I have already watched season one almost three times.  Hopeully November gets here quickly.

Scrubs is absolutely one of the most underrated and unappreciated sitcoms on TV today (2006).  The fact that NBC waited until the middle of the season to even begin it in 2006 shows this to be true.  This DVD shows why Scrubs it differnt: Scrubs is funny, witty, intelligent, wacky and yet often very moving.  Every episode has great music and is chock full of unique characters to the point that it is hard to pick a favorite.  Shot with a single camera and with no laugh track (though many sound effects), it is not your typical yuk-yuk sitcom; it's a cut above, requiring you to actually think about what is funny.This DVD is a must-have for those who like intelligent comedy.  It not only contains one of the freshest and funniest seasons of Scrubs, it also has many great extra features and commentary that make it worth the price.  Heck, even the packaging is clever.  This is a great addition to your TV DVD collection.

season 2 of scrubs is hilarious. I have really been enjoying it! I cant wait to start on season 3 soon

This is the GREATEST show ever!! Now I know it may seem a bit stretching it to say its the best, but hands down, no show in the history of television managed to put out such sincerity, honesty and down right hilariousness in sitcom. Hope this show will last through MY residency. I'm living the JD life!!!

I have always loved 'Scrubs', and was absolutely thrilled to see it had been released on DVD. It certainly did not disappoint.Honestly, this is a really magnificant series, and well worth the money. The humour is accessible and endearing and the characters are wonderfully likable. 'Scrubs' has a wonderful inspiring aspect that avoids the undue sentimentality of so many other sitcoms.I think the second series is funnier than the first, though I love the focus on character growth in the first series. But really, both are extraordinarily worthwhile buys, if simply because of the sheer number of viewing hours.

Its looks cheap and the battery runs out after 30 mins of talking. Its has to be charged twice every day!!

Scrubs season two came out on DVD where I live yesterday (Australia) and I have to say that the quality of this box set actually managaes to surpass that of season one. Once again, the special features are entertaining and informative without being too lengthy (perfect for my short attention span). The best short doco is one which features many of the on-set jokes between cast and crew - you really get the feeling that these people don't just turn up and make a sitcom for the money.While it's disappointing that there are only 22 episodes in season two, as opposed to the 24 from the first season, what is lost in quality is made up for in quantity. Once again we see the janitor (my absolute favourite character) do his best to make JD's life hell, while getting choked up when JD gives him a new mop (of all things!). Music also features heavily in these episodes, with the return of 'Ted's Band' seeing a fantastic rendition of the theme song from 'Charles in Charge'. Check out the extras to see these guys do their own special cover of the Scrubs theme song.Even the menus are exciting - containing the entire Scrubs theme song, which is seriously catchy (sings) ...but I know, I'm no Superman... (all right I'll stop now). In the episodes themselves, the picture is very clear and the sound is great too, and excellent transfer from the source material. Considering the terrible pattern in which these shows screened in Australia, it's nice to be able to watch them in order as intended. All in all, this is a fantastic set at a great price - where I'm from it's about half the cost of (for example) Simpsons and Frasier box sets. And because Scrubs is just one of those shows you can watch over and over again, it's well worth every cent.

Here are some pros & cons of this oh so handy smartphonepros: 200mhz Intel xscale processor, qwerty keyboard, sd card slot, extremely low price, huge display, MS DOS platform os (windows mobile), you can add wifi, intuitive controls, good external speaker, speedy mail client,ir port for all kinds of peripherals, small for a smartphone (equaled only by the HTC SDA, no need to find an unlocker for it.cons: no camera (just get a normal camera, what's the point?), ugly (who looks at your phone?), does not work without a sim(like that matters), no bluetooth (who uses it anyways?), hard to find accessories(cases, docks, spare batteries.

This is funny, I bought the 1st season, then the 2nd season and I cant wait for the 3rd season... I cant do this all on my own... Am no superman, guys this is a must have for everyone who love perfection and laughter..

This series is awesome...best contemporary take on hospital life...Have watched it a million times, and it still doesnt get old.

Season 2 of Scrubs was great! I originally bought it for my boyfriend and ended up watching it. It was definitely worth the money and I would recommend it to any Scrubs fan or even anyone who just enjoys having a good laugh.

The season starts off where the first ended. Everyone isn't getting along after Dr. Cox's ex-wife started trouble between them all. Eventually they work things out of course. Then later on Dr. Cox's wife shows up pregnant and is lieing about it being someone elses. He then has to choose between her or Heather Locklier. Tough choice since both are hot lol. Also everyone starts making fun of the fact that Elliot is dating  a male nurse played by Rick Schroder. While Turk has to figure out how to ask Carla to marry him. I don't remember much about J.D this season, other than he has another short fling with Elliot.As always the acting is brilliant with everyone having their moments when they are either funny and whacky or giving heart-felt performances. John C. McGinley probably should've won a 100 awards already as Dr. Cox but I don't think he was even nominated. He'll probably even have less of a chance now. I mean now Hugh Laurie is getting rave reviews as....a sarcastic Doctor that is a mentor to a lot of other doctors. Sound familiar ? Hugh Laurie is great but I can't help but think his character is just a little bit of a Dr. Cox rip-off. Zach Braff is brilliant too but I can't see why he gets nominated when McGinley constantly gets ignored. I mean to me, Zach Braff is just his side-kick and that McGinley is the main star. At least it seems  that way every time they are on screen together. Neil Flynn also steals the show each season as the janitor who has it out for J.D for absolutely no reason at all. Anyway this season is a little more whacky with less drama but it's still not a bad season at all. Season 3 however is probably the best one I saw so far.

I love Scrubs!!  The Second Season is freak'n hilarious and a would recommend it to everyone.  I can't wait 'til the third season comes out!!

There are only a few TV shows I watch, and Scrubs is one of them.  I recommend it to any people who aren't big fans of sitcoms b/c this isn't one of them.

My order of Scrubs Season 2 came in great condition! There was a little scratch on the last disc, but it didn't skip too bad while watching the episode.

Great show!!!!!!!!!! Did not really watch this show when it was on TV, only recently became hooked watching the re-runs. Just had to order a few of the season collections. Ordered through Amazon and thought the price was reasonable enough. Had the collection in my grubby little hands within a week after ordering. Never had any problems ordering anything from Amazon.

Scrubs is one of those underrated comedies that deserves a much bigger audience.  The comedy is smart but silly.  The show also has an amazing ability to move quickly between funny and serious, where you are laughing one moment and tearing up the next.  Also, the characters are all wonderful (except maybe the janitor who sometimes gets repetitive) and I especially appreciate the close relationship between JD and Turk.  I just can't say enough about how much I love this show.

This phone takes some time to figure out things. But still after I read all the manual there are problems I can't resolve. Contacted technical support several times with one answer upgrade the software although the software is the latest version. I can't press options once I call any number. Like if it says press 4 to to do something once pressed it says invalid entry. i switch to my old phone and it works fine so it is not the srvice it is the phone itself. I can't use any phone cards any options useless so far. Still trying to solve my problem.

This show has the most consistently well written episodes of any sitcom on TV. It never has received the recognition it deserves, but it is truly the funniest and cleverest show I've seen.  Everyone in the cast does an amazing job.

My dvd box set was shipped quickly and came to me also in quick fashion. It was also in perfect shape. There was no way you could tell I had not gotten it fresh from the store shelf. Only for a heck of a lot less cash. I got Scrubs as a present for my sister's brithday.  She's a huge fan, while I hate the show so bad it's not even funny.  I have to say she's fully enjoyed it and when she saw it her eyes lit up. I have nothing but good things to say about the brillant people who sold to me.

Loved it!  The person who sold it to me was fast, reliable and just awesome, too!

The product was great.  I am serving with the 101st in Afghanistan and had a family emergency.  I needed to cancel my order.  About three to four days after sending an email, I was told that the order couldn't be canceled due to it already being shipped.  It didn't ship out for a week.  I was very disappointed and will not do business again with this company.

This season is just as good as the first.  very very watchable. Though i bought this as region one. I'm sure it's just as good in any country

Item was fine, no problems with it. It just was just delivered on the end of the time estimate scale.

Scrubs the Complete Second Season is one of the greatest DVD collections ever. The content is so surreal and whimsical it would take a robot not to laugh. The drama is so subtle, it really seems to be just like real life. The extra features include great behind the scenes and commentary. Scrubs is perfect for any occasion.

duuude.. ive looked at this phone before but wasnt sure about it.. but an 80 dollar phone w/windows mobile .. thats INSANE!!!.. this phone is obiously not for everyone.. but if your like me and live on a shoestring budget..haha... well this phone is worth it BUDDIE!!...ive worked in the cell phone business way to long to know that battery life is not the best on alot of major phones,,,especially fully featured phone. so suk it up buy three of them so wen theyre completely gone u can sell them for more.haha...jk... but seriously 80 bucks and some change.. what have u got to lose...  oh  n by the way, some people are IDIOTS!! with phones, .. ya i said it!!..haha...
