
This is what most people like to say as the most bang for the buck i love this phone and i will keep it until my contract is up. I had a Razr phone and found this one to be alot better as in it last longer and is stronger also its so cheap you dont care if you break it. The camera is good and it has a very strong signal all the time. Great speaker phone for when your in the car or just dont want it by your ear. Highly recommended.

I've owned just about every brand of cell phone you can imagine. I found that the V220 is a tremendous bang for the buck. Don't get me wrong, I am not saying this phone is perfect. It does have it flaws, but the amount of features you get for the price can't be beat.Pros:Great looksGreat bang for the buckIt comes with all the right featuresCons:Camera picture quality is poorScreen is small and hard to see in sunlightIt could use more memory

Bad things first:The first is the voice recognition is terrible. Sometimes it won't accept what you say. Other times it brings a completely different name--not even close to what you asked for.The second thing is the text messaging software is archaic. It's too hard to navigate.On the good side--the clarity and battery life are great. This is pretty much what a cell phone should make a priority and Motorola does a good job here. the styling is fine, the phone seems solidly build (in China, no less!). So, it gets 3 stars.

I got this phone only about two weeks ago and so far I'm pretty impressed.  The screen is slightly smaller than my previous phone (Samsung x427) but the memory capacity more than makes up for it.  I ditched the Samsung because it quickly ran out of memory but I've downloaded a ton of stuff on the Motorola and all of it plays fine.  Anyways, here are some pros and cons:Pros:  memory capacity, sharp screen resolution, using the camera and sending pictures is VERY easy, being able to switch ringer betwen volumes or vibrate without opening the phone is nice, downloaded ringtones sound much clearer than on other phones, the speakerphone works well also, games load fast and play well, the battery life is also pretty goodCons:  although there are games available for download, the phone doesn't come with any preloaded, so don't be surprised, the outer display scratches a little too easy and would be better if it was more durable, the camera, while easy to use, doesn't have very good resolution and really needs a flash, the screen size is adaquate although it would be better if it was biggerOverall it's a very good phone.  For people looking for a good phone for ringtones and games, it's great, but for the best resolution on the camera, it's nothing spectacular.

I've had this phone for almost a year, and while I was disappointed with the phone when it arrived (it was super cheap when we extended our contract--something else that we're not going to do again), it served my purpose for the most part.  However, I have found that reception is absolutely HORRIBLE.  I live in east Tennessee, hello! we have mountains!  I never had a problem with reception on my old phone and it was with the same carrier.  Now, I don't get reception along a MAJOR highway which I drive frequently.  God forbid that my car break down and I need to make a phone call!  Recently (like, within the past week), the screen has gone out for no reason.  I haven't dropped the phone--I don't even use it that often because 90% of the time when I finally have time to make a phone call on it, I don't have reception.  Case in point, I have over 1,000 rollover minutes and have used a grand total of 1 minute on my cell phone plan this month.  I could deal with the crappy ringtones, the pathetic pictures, the menus upon menus upon menus, the quietness of the cell phone ring (if it's in a purse or something, forget about hearing it ring--even on its loudest setting), but I can't handle crappy quality and an essential waste of my money when I can't use my phone.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!  Parents, I know that it's Cingular's GoPhone, but pick another company and get a different cell phone--don't waste your hard-earned money on this piece of crap.

Pros - Tons of features.  You can download ring tones and pictures from your own computer with USB.  The outside caller ID is also nice.  The battery life is good and I have no complaints with the reception.Cons- The hinge is not as good as Samsung.  The display is not as big as other phones.  The default ring tones and games are horrible.I am very happy with the Motorola V220.  I paid $50 for this phone and got features that usually cost 2 to 3 times more.  I will start out with some background.I signed up for a family plan and I bought the V220 for myself and got a Samsung X427 for my wife.  I am a gadget freak without a big budget.  What sold me on the V220 was the USB port.  I wanted to be able to make my own rings and transfer pictures without sending it to e-mail.  This feature by far sets this phone apart from others.  Motorola does not support the USB, but with a little research and Mobile Phone Tools it is possible to connect your phone to your PC with a mini-USB cable.  The V220 also has a caller ID display on the outside.  This is important because if you are in a meeting you don't have to open the phone to see who is calling.This phone also has voice dial which is cool.  I believe it has speakerphone, but I have not used it.  I also love how the menus and buttons are fully configurable.  So you can setup your phone the way you like it.  The screen is good and the battery life is much better than my old Sony-Ericcson T306, and I thought the T306 had decent battery life.  I have never had a dropped call (after 2 months of ownership).  The signal is strong with this phone, and I always had dropped calls with the Sony-Ericcson.  I wanted to throw that phone out the window.  The camera is also a nice feature for a phone in this price range.Now, the bad.  The screen on my wife's Samsung is much better because it is bigger.  Her phone is also a little smaller.  I am disappointed with the default ring tones on the V220 and it doesn't come with a real game.  My biggest complaint is the hinge.  It creaks when you open it and doesn't feel near as solid as my wife's Samsung.  However, the Samsung does not even have a caller ID display on the outside.  The speaker on the V220 is not so good.  When you make your own ring tones you have to be careful because the speaker cannot handle any bass or songs with a lot of instruments.When it comes down to it, this is a great phone for the money.  This phone was perfect for me because I can do a lot with it.  The Samsung was perfect for my wife because it is simple and elegant.  The V220 has more gadgets.  Motorola needs to work on the hinge design, but I would definitely buy this phone again in a heartbeat.

I didn't like the UI on the phone too much.  The pictures from the camera aren't very much to look at.  The worst part however is that the LCD screen is very easily broken.  Mine lasted 3 months before I broke mine, and it costs 135 to replace -- almost the same cost as a new phone.  Not Recommended.

I've had my phone for 4 months now and have had nothing but trouble with it.  The reception is terrible...where I used to receive calls with my AT&T; plan and my cheap little NOKIA, I cannot get with this phone and the company that is "raising the bar!"  I am constantly losing calls and get bad or distorted reception (if any at all) under electrical lines, around appliances, etc.  If I could go back, I would, but my whole family switched at the same time.When my contract is up, I'm dumping the phone and the company and not looking back!

I recently bought the v220 when when I renewed my contract because I thought I wanted a cute little flip-phone, but I am sorely missing my old, standard Nokia.  The reception isn't too bad but I've found the v220's usability and functionality to be horrible and its user manual to be worse.  It doesn't do a lot of basic things my old Nokia did and what it does do takes too many steps to get to.  I pretty much hated it from minute one, but decided to give it some more time to see if I got used to it.  But now, to the point:Pros:-multiple alarms-mp3 ringtones-multimedia messaging-customizable shortcuts and home keys-standard data portCons:-VERY confusing for a first-time user; original setup is not logical-awful manual; missing some instructions and many it has are just plain wrong-menus upon menus upon menus-causes MAJOR interference with speakers (mine does so with any speakers I'm around, and not just before and during calls, but on almost an hourly basis)-outside buttons are too easy to push, causing problems like changed ring type and erasure of missed calls notice (keyslock does not help, as it just displays "enter unlock code" and you don't get a missed calls display at all)-occasionally changes assigned ringtones to "none" (funny joke, Motorola), and so calls from that person are missed-small screen/hard to read (visibility goes to almost zero in sunlight)-vibrate option is not very powerful-speakerphone is awful-volume in general is low (rings, speaker, everything)-comes with no good rings-very low amount of memory-I'm sure there are more, as I find something new to complain about every day, but everything else escapes me for nowEdit: I was finally able to return my v220 and I got a Sony Ericsson z500a instead, which I love.

Previously I had Motorola T720. It was a very good phone and I lost it and got V180 and also tried V220. the only difference is that 220 has a camera.Pros: quad mode, speaker phone, I liked regular connector for charger the 720 comes with a proprietary one which stop making proper contact after some initial use, not reliable.Cons: I hate the small lcd, no icons displayed for selecting soft keys, the entries are very limited with no icons for home, cell etc.. you need to type them along with name.

I would give this company a "zero" if possible. I have a family plan with four lines.  I am repeatedly billed for calls I never made. The first time I called them, they told me they couldn't do anything about it! Two of the four phones we use are absolute crap.  They have already charged my $150.00 to replace the v220 that I had recieved for "free." No wonder Consumer Reports ranks them at the bottom of service and quality.  I regret having chosen this company but am unfortunately stuck with them for another 18 months. I will never come back to this company again. Pick another phone and another company.

My new Motorola V220 works fine.  What doesn't work is Cingular's web pesence.  I have yet to log on even once in over a year to find things actually working and usable!  For 5 months it refused to accept my password no matter what.  I made the mistake of electing to eliminate mailed bills, that was before I discovered I would probably never be allowed internet access to MY ACCOUNT.  Oh, I try every month just for the novelty, I call and complain but no one is any help.  Usually I'm told I must be typing the password incorrectly.  There was the one time I managed to sweet talk my way into the account by typing the password every which way possible.  But that was just a cruel trick, as once in, it refused to take my money.  No matter how I tried it could not verify my credit card and charge it.  The same card I use all day every day on dozens of lessor corporations was a total mystery to Cingular.  Of course now I don't get a paper bill anymore, which complicates matters even more.  However, Cingular manages without fail to tell me by e-mail every month that my bill is ready for viewing at MY ACCOUNT.  HA! HA! You see they dn't need a password to get through to me, so I can get their e-mails, but can't actually look at the bill they are so kind to tell me about.  The last two months I tried to access MY ACCOUNT I ran into a new stonewall, a message telling me that MY ACCOUNT is closed for repairs, or upgrades [yeah, that's a laugh] and will be open at some future date, no promises, the date is apparently to be determined.  Then this evening I decided to treat myself to a couple of less boring ring tones than those that came free with the phone.  First, I discovered that if you put "ring tones" into the search engine to find the page with ring tones it will feign ignorance.  It can't find anything called ring tones.  Ah, but I am not so eaily discouraged, a little browsing and I discover the pages, under the word ringtones.  So it seems the poor rickety search engine cannot grasp the similarity of 'ringtones' and 'ring tones', clearly my mistake.  Then I spent a happy half hour browsing through all the great Star Wars offerings.  Finally settled on the classic Star Wars theme and a sexy growl from Chewbacca.  Read the instructions for downloading, filled out the required download phone number and clicked continue.  Only to run into a new password request.  It seems I need to be registered on this part of the website, and MY ACCOUNT user name and password, wait for it....won't work!  Thinking I could fool my way in again I clicked on the new registration button, only to meet once more the NOT WORKING notice.  You can't open an account for ringtones right now, it's being upgraded [ahem!] for my convenience.  Well it's not convenient, I am appalled at the horrible low class technology being foisted on high tech lovers.  How can such a high tech phone company have such clunky web presence?  My 9 year old grandson could design better.  Why aren't all of the other Cingular users gathering at midnight with burning torches and tempers to match?  Am I the only one that attempts to use the website?  Maybe I am.  Or maybe they just lay in wait, lurking behind the server until I try to do anything, and blam! they make sure only little me can't make the damn thing work.  Hmmm...could be, but I suspect the truth is Cingular has chosen to go to the dark side.  I guess I'll take Han's advice and let the Wookie win.  I understand if I look around I can buy ring tones elsewhere.  Miss Kitty  Concord, CA

After owning 2 Nokia phones for over 4 years and never having a problem with either of them, when my plan was up this time the Cingular rep recommended I go with the Motorola V220 due to the value and features. I have been nothing but disappointed. The first phone I got did not hold a charge, so I took it back within a few days and had it replaced. The second one had a distorted screen, so I replaced that one also. The third one had horrible reception and a crackling noise in the background, so I had that replaced.  Finally the fourth one they gave me seemed to be fine...for about 2 months. Then the screen started fading in and out, and finally went black altogether. I never dropped it and always carried it in a padded case. Cingular replaced it with another V220 (now the 5th one in 2 months) and this one was also not working properly as it would not flip completely shut so phone calls would still be connected when it was shut and the battery was being worn down rapidly.  FINALLY, they decided I had been through enough and they are sending me an upgraded V551. I am still not happy about this, though, because I don't have any faith in Motorola phones at this point. I'll have to see how the V551 is before I make a judgement, but I can tell you that the V220 is awful. It is very difficult to use and the users manual is worthless.  I can't wait until my service contract is up so I can go with another provider and another phone.

I've had this model of phone for a little over six months and I am now on my FOURTH phone.  The first one lasted about a month before the external display completely quit working.  On the replacement phone they sent me (phone# 2) the keypad wouldn't light up at all.  So, I immediately got a replacement sent to me (phone #3) and the keypad would only light up from time to time.  It was able to make and receive calls so I decided to just put up with it.  The phone worked well enough for about three months (a record for these phones I'm sure) and then it suddenly stopped being able to make or receive calls.  After I was able to convince Cingular that, yes, there was something wrong with my phone they sent me a replacement phone (phone #4) which I've had for about a month now.  I just noticed yesterday that the external display is starting to not work from time to time.  I'm sure that I'll be on phone# 5 within a few weeks.If there is any possible way you can avoid getting one of these phones, please do!  They are absolute pieces of junk.

I have two of these phones.  We recieved them for free with our calling plan.  One does not hold a charge and we were unable to get it replaced.  I brought it to the store and was told to mail it back.  I called to get the address and was told to bring it to a store nearby.  I brought it back to the store and was told they could not replace it.  I was told that this is a known problem with this phone.

We have three Motorola V220 phones and two of the three have been replaced due to defects.  Not a good record since we've only had them 6 months.  The problems did start when the phones were about 4 months old so they were still under warranty.  I'm anxiously awaiting the anniversary of my contract with Cingular so I can get new phones and am hoping the new models on the market are more reliable than the V220.The color screen is small (1 " x 1 ") but is clear and has decent color.  The smallness is not a factor unless you play the JAVA games on this phone.  Many of those games will have the bottoms cut off and can make for frustrating game play.  You can choose a variety of downloadable games that will fit this small screen, however, so it's just a matter of finding what works.  The screen is also hard to read in bright sunlight conditions, which could be a factor with most phones.Setup is not as simple as on previous cell phones I've had.  Reading the owner's manual is a must and the instructions are not straightforward at times!  I found I had to call technical support to get a few of my questions answered (Cingular tech support was very nice and accommodating).The Motorola V220 comes with a built-in VGA camera with 4x zoom and has 640 x 480 pixels.  There is no flash, so adequate lighting is necessary and often times the picture comes out grainy.  The phone holds quite a few of these pictures in memory.  An additional accessory that you might want to consider purchasing is the USB cable that will enable you to download your pictures onto your computer.  If you have a problem with the phone, you'll lose your pictures - they are not saved to the SIM card but saved to the phone's memory.  We've lost quite a few pictures due to the problems we've encountered.The V220 also has Multimedia Messaging Service, which allows sending and receiving of pictures, animations, wallpaper, icons and ring tones.  But there are additional charges on this feature.  Even with the extra charges, these are nice features.This phone also comes with the basics - like the ability to text message, date book and phonebook synchronization to help organize your life, and a browser that allows for surfing the web.  Phone book capacity is 500.The design of the V220 is excellent even though quality is lacking.  It's a lightweight, clamshell type of phone, so you can easily carry it in your pocket without problems.  The number pad and navigation keys are a bit on the small size so those with large hands may have difficulty using it.  The fixed antenna is sturdy and I haven't heard of anyone encountering a problem with it breaking like some with more flimsy antenna.Now the bad part - this phone has a bad reputation for screen problems.  We've had two of the phones replaced and one replacement phone exchanged.  All of them had screen issues.  Either the screen would go completely blank or it would act like a disco ball and blink.  During the time when the phone would be acting up, it would be next to impossible to place or receive a call.  When I tried calling the number I would get a "Network Failure" error.  When I tried making a call from the phone, it would give a "Network Busy" error.  Very frustrating.Cingular has replaced the defective phones at no charge because they are under warranty.  I'm just worried about what happens when they are no longer covered.  So how many more phones do they need to replace before they figure out it would be cheaper to get me a different model?Bottom line:  Find a different phone - this one has too many problems!

This phone is absolutely horrible!!!!The screen fades out at will and comes on when it so desires as if it were a temperamental female. Half the time I cannot talk to people unless it is on speakerphone because the mouthpiece goes out. It does not standby for a long time either. I hate it and would not wish this phone on my worst enemy.

This phone is a piece of JUNK!!!!!My daughter has this phone & it has been nothing but TROUBLE from the beginning. We have had to send it back in & have a replacement sent to us 3 times in less than a year. The camera stops working, the address book deletes itself, calls are dropped for no reason, her voicemail stopped working, all reception has been lost both inside & outside...WHAT A JOKE...Motorola & Cingular should be ashamed of themselves!

I got this phone becuase it was free with an upgrade. I had read reviews and thought it would be worth the money (none) to upgrade to it. It's a good phone. I've had it two days and the battery is still going strong... they say it takes a few rechargings to get the full potential out of the battery.On the plus side:I like the front screen that shows caller ID. It makes for a quick check to see if I want to answer or not.I also like the calendar. I can pull it up and quickly look at appointments.I haven't bought the data cable yet but plan to do so soon.I like the navigation disc... it's easy to get around in menus although the menus themselves are sometimes tricky... the cancel/exit/ok buttons switch sides on some menus.The Shortcut option is great... the menu on this thing is extensive so it's nice to be able to quickly get to often-used menu options.My biggest pet peeve people who let their phones go off in public places where they have no business answering a phone... so I love the vibrate option built into this phone.Speakerphone!!On the downside:I'm left-handed and the side buttons really are a pain. I can't hold the phone with my left hand for long. It'd be great to be able to disable the side buttons... or change their functions.The phone becomes very uncomfortable on my ear after awhile.I don't understand the need for the side button that allows for voice-calling since I must have the phone open to use that functionality anyhow. It's just in the way.The camera is pretty sad... I never understood the need for a camera on a phone in the first place and 640x480 is basically useless.Often times I've been entering contacts and I accidentally hit the hang-up button instead of the save button and PRESTO... I lose all my entered info!I want to be able to put my name on the front screen since my wife and I have identical phones... can't do it. Can't do it on the inside screen either (It'd be nice to take off my service provider's name too). I've been looking for a hack but haven't found one yet.

This is a great phone for those on a budget (like me!)  It's one step down from the v400.  So if you can afford it, get the v400 instead!  The v400 has a ton of included themes and photos, and more memory (5 MBs) compared to this phone, which is sort of "bare bones" (1.8mb).  Both have the same quality camera and photos, although the v400 has a better screen. Both phones can have .mp3's playing as ringtones.The v220 has very clear sound quality, great screen and excellent battery life.  My only problem with it is that there is NO SUPPORT from motorola for a data link cable.  The V220 connects via a small USB plug, but you have to order the datalink software & drivers from motorola before you can use it (another fourty bucks! And Cingular didn't stock it, only Motorola does, on a very remote part of their site).  I got my software on a file-sharing program because I've NEVER heard of a company charging money just for DRIVERS!!All-in-all I'm loving my new phone (I've had it for several weeks).  I've been able to get rid of my palm pilot because it holds 1,250 contacts (with the Simm Card).  One note - if you add your contacts to the phone's memory (as opposed to the Simm's) you will have to set the ringer for each contact or else it defaults to no ring).  The motorola software also allows you to sync to your Microsoft Outlook contacts and calendar, and it was truly easy to use!This phone is a great way to feel like you've got tons of money, because it's basically just a "baby" version of the v400 (which retails for about $150 more usually).  It's a good buy, and on Amazon right now with their rebate, you actually get money BACK for buying the phone!If you have any questions about the phone that I haven't answered here, feel free to AIM me at WinterGetsMe.  If you like my review please vote for it! ~ Michele

Just like many have already stated, my screen died after six months... Stay Away!!! Trying to get a replacement, and hopefully this one will work.

I have not had this phone for a year and I am already on my fourth phone.  The speaker goes out often and you cannot hear anyone unless you play with it.  The screen shuts off all the time and I randomly get missed phone calls a day after they happened.  The camera is poor quality and usually goes blank anyone so it is totally pointless.  It always changes volume. I do not recommend this phone to anyone, very poor quality

I have had several types and brands of cell phones. Some examples are Nokia, Samsung, Audiovox, Kyocera. I've used calling plans and pre paid. I purchased this phone from Cingular about a week ago and I definitely think it is the best I have owned.The phone is incredibly easy to use and I love that the quick keys on the phone can be set up as shortcuts to certain parts of the menu. I have mine set up where the right soft key is Address Book and the left soft key is Recent Calls. I have my menu settings hidden on the wallpaper but they are easily accessed by hitting the keys the arrow keys. You can also assign what icons come up and their locations can be rearranged. Then access the basic menu screen itself you can hit the Quick Task button in the top middle on the round button inbetween the arrows.The camera is easy to use and is easily accessed in a number of ways. Easiest is the smart key on the side of the phone underneath the two volume buttons. I think the pics have good resolution and the color screen and graphics of the phone are awesome. I love taking pictures with the camera and using them as wallpaper or screensavers.The phone book is easy to use. You can save entries to the SIM card or to the phone itself. I recommend saving to the phone because then you can personalize the ringtones for the callers and add a picture to identify the caller. The speakerphone is excellent quality and easy to use. You can download ringtones that are actual songs and sound great.I don't understand how anyone can say this phone is hard to use. The Samsung I had was difficult to use and I had it for a good while and still wasn't sure how to do certain things.  With this phone I was pretty sure how to do things with it from the get go but I quickly glanced over the manual to be exact and from there I have not had to look at it again. This phone is the easiest but the most satisfactory all around that I have ever used or owned. I am definitely a convert to Motorola from now on and I am terrificly pleased with this phone.

I have had this phone a little over a year. I live in rural Missouri and have had a hard time getting any technology where we live. This phone has been okay for me. Not a great phone, but just okay. I really am looking forward to upgrading to a new phone. But like I said, I would never recommend this phone or ever buy it for myself, again.Pros:1) I have 5 bars most of the time since getting Cingular and this phone. So I don't know if it is the service or the phone that is making it better.2)The camera phone works adequately for the basic camera that it is.3)I have not had any real technical problems with this phone other than dropped calls. And I have just learned to live with that.4)(And I hope that it is the service and not the phone that is giving me the five bars.)Cons:1)Every time I pick up the phone, I accidentally hit the volume and/or camera button on the side.2)A lot of dropped calls. The other day, I had it sitting beside me when my home phone rung. I answered it and it was my mother asking why I did not pick up the call on my cell. She had just called and left a voice message. Sure enough, I checked and there it was. I couldn't believe that I did not hear it ring!3)The volume is never loud enough.

I switched from another cellular provider in December and I knew it was a mistake. I was trying to save a buck - big mistake. I'm not a big fan of Cingular and I can't tell which is worse, their service or this phone. I can barely hear out of the phone and forget it if you have the windows down in the car. The ringer is easily drowned out, even at its highest setting. And when I go to my mother's house, which is 10 min from mine, I can't use it all. The address book is set up weird; for each entry there's a separate line which is dumb. And on most phones, you can personalize the screen, not this one. I guess I was spoiled by my previous cell provider. The free phones I got from them were way better than this one, and I paid for this one. I have about 18 mos left and then it's back to my old cell service.

This is an ok phone but if you are buying it for the picture quality forget it . the camera is'nt that good the pictures are blury and it only works in moderate light. I bought it i was happy at first but then i noticed how bad the pictures were and i wish i would have gotton a differant picture phone , now im stuck with it for a year with cingular. Overall its an ok phone.

First things first.  For those of you that don't know already, the phone book can hold multiple numbers for one entry without creating multiple entries.  You just have to set the phone book to view primary contacts instead of all contacts.  That will solve the problem of having multiple entries displayed.Secondly, yes the Motorola menu system is not very intuitive and confusing for anyone not familiar with a Motorola cell phone, but it is very powerful, with a lot of options that many other cellphone manufacturers fail to include.  Especially since this is a very cheap cell phone.  How many cell phones include the type of features in this price range?Well now that that's out of the way we can discuss the more important details of this phone.  The one thing that bothers me about this phone, and the one that ultimately led me to returning it, is the fact that the earpiece volume is not very loud.  I use my phone in a lot of crowded places, and the fact that I have to ask everyone to repeat theirself when talking to me is annoying.  My Sony Ericsson candy bar style phone has a much better earpiece.The display is not terribly impressive, but that's to be expected, they had to cut costs somewhere.  It is usable in every sense.  The screen is somewhat small, but very adequate.  The camera is VGA quality, and the screen cannot reproduce the sort of detail you would like, but just send it to your computer, and it looks just as good as any cellphone with a VGA camera.The reception quality is good, better than the Sony Ericsson I have.  I can receive a signal where even my Sony can't.  Of course, Cingular's network is very extensive.The only problem, like I mentioned before, is that the earpiece volume is not very loud.  That is its' greatest flaw, as what else is the main purpose of your cell phone but listening and talking on it.

We've had our V220 phones for nearly 2 years & they have proved to be very dependable & quite tough as well! I've dropped mine more times than i can count on my concrete porch, out of my truck, kicked it into a curb once & it still works well. Call quality is good.  Signal is weak sometimes but I blame that on conditions & my network.(Cingular)  I have experienced the screen going blank once, but i took the SIM card out for a minute or so then reinserted it & things were fine.  I also had a problem with the headset connection once,(wouldn't connect) but that ended up being the end of the plug on the handsfree broke of in the phone. Not the phones fault. As far as the camera goes,,,It's a phone!! if you want high quality photos, get a digital camera.  That being said, it can take decent pics. Overall, these have been great phones for my wife & myself.

i think this phone is really great,its sleek and compact,just the way i want my phone to be,it serves all my needs,im not really a phone person but my wife got this for me,a change from my samsung x427,however she went thru a lot with cingular customer service,i think they have the worst CS ever,they where totally cluless about how to migrate us from att to cingular,they advertise phones and dont have them in stock,it just sits down there on back order and nothin is done,the retail stores r not a great help to,one guy just gave us an extension and told us to call cingular CS and sort the matter with them,imagine AT A RETAIL STORE,i had just about given up but my wife was very persistent,after been on the phone for 6 days none stop,eventually some nice gurl,about the only person in cingular who knows wats shes doing,finally helped us out,and shipped out the phones,it was tasking believe me,but well here i am now with my phone,sometimes i think was it really worth it? well looking at it now i can say YEP!!!!

I think David Estalote is overreacting a little bit. You can easily change the ringer volume on the outside of the phone very quietly. Now turning the ringer back on is quite a bit loud.Here is my impression of this phone (I have had it for a month):* I like the screen on the outside. Displays the time and callers.* The screen is OK unless you are in the sun. Then it sucks...bad.* Volume is OK, but comes with really crappy ring tones. If you download the music tones from Cingular, they sound pretty good.* The camera is OK. It's my first camera phone, so I don't have much to go on, but it's OK.* I have a lot of dropped calls and can't even use the phone in certain areas. If I'm anywhere near any electronics then my phone will not keep a signal. I usually have to go outside to make calls. That blows.* There are way too many menus. It's hard to navigate when you first get the phone. But once you are used to it, it's not that bad.* I hate the multiple entries in the phone book.Overall, I wish I would've kept my LG. It didn't have a camera, but I never use it anyway. I get the same reception with both phones. Plus, I had a better rate plan, etc. with AT&T.; I would like to switch everything, but I'm not willing to pay the $150 cancellation fee and most of my friends and family are Cingular. So , I guess I'm stuck with this phone. Boo-hoo!

Ready to buy a new phone but did manage to keep this for the year contract without having to return it.  The camera, though, is awful and the picture quality is rubbish.  The phone scratches easily and sometimes I do not receive calls and am told I have missed calls days later.  I also sometimes have problems hearing the ringer and the vibration is not strong.

All the bad things said about this phone, believe them.  My Cingluar service is great because I live in a city so I have wonderful reception.  My first phone with Cingular ever was a Motorola V180.  I had to call in warrantee on it at least 5 times before I went on ebay and bought a Motorola V220 cheap.  After the screen went, the camera wasn't working properly, my phone went directly to voicemail, text messages weren't coming in, and I couldn't make out going calls a warrantee was called in to replace the phone.I've had this phone replaced FOUR TIMES.  Cingular is now giving me another crappy phone (this time LG) because they realize how many issues I've had with the V220.  All I want is an upgrade on a phone that WORKS.All the good looking things of this Motorola V220 might tempt you to buy this phone and the bad things would be countered with the good things.  But this is deceiving!!!  Every single one of the 5 V220's I've gotten have had the same issues:-drop calls about 90% of the time-calls went directly to voicemail even after it was set up to ring-didn't receive text messages even after the boxes were emptied-camera stops working after taking 4 or so pictures-took forever to get ringtones uploaded from online onto the phone, then the phone wouldn't play ringtones-caller ID NEVER WORKED-speed dialing was iffy-about 90% of out going calls could NOT BE MADEFind another phone, please!

I have four motorola phones, two V220's and two V180's (same as V220 but without camera). After the warranty expired on these phones the troubles began.  My daugher's V220 began shutting off for no reason within a few seconds of being turned on. Replacing the battery did not help.  thinking this was just an anomaly, I decided to replace it with another V220, even though it meant extending the Cingular contract. Everything was OK for a while, then the main screen on my other daughter's V220 began going blank for no reason.  You could still make and receive calls but it was next to impossible to use any other functionality. Next my wife's V180 would no longer ring.  I had to set the audio option to 'vibrate' in order to have a chance to detect an incoming call.  Now, the main screen on my V180 phone has been periodically going blank.  I recently searched the internet for reviews on these phones and found numerous complaints similar to my blank screen problem. Needless to say, this experience has destroyed my faith in Motorola products.  I will NEVER purchase another Motorola cell phone again, and I plan to strongly recommend against them for any of my associates who are in the market for a phone.

My roommate and I bought the same plan from cingular three months ago, but we got different phones - she chose a Samsung phone and I chose the Motorola V220.  The biggest problem I have with my phone is that it doesn't like to ring when I'm getting a call, and even when it does ring it doesn't ring long enough for me to answer.  I always end up having to call the person back.  Also, the V220 often has a very weak signal in places where my roommate's phone will have a full signal, and I frequently have calls dropped.  This is my first motorola... and most likely my last.  Don't bother buying the V220.

I don't like this phone.  It's too small to use, even with the programmable buttons I can't get it to work the way I want.  And the voice dialing feature is terrible.  Either it won't save the name when you try to set it up or it can't find it when you try and use it.  Also very slow to actually dial the number when it does work.  I've returned the phone to Cingular thinking it was just a faulty phone, the next one worked for a few days and then started screwing up too.  Can't return any more to Cingular, so went to Motorola.  Their solution was to reset the phone, which removed all the programming, but did make the voice dialing work for 5 minutes.  The I found you just had to turn the phone on and off to get it to work, but that's not really a solution now, is it?And it's not just my phone that does this, my kid's phone, my husband's phone and at least one other teen we know with this phone have the same problem!!!Phone also comes with practically no ringtones, no games,On the plus side, the camera and speakerphone are good.  I was impressed with how good the pictures turn out after you send them to a PC.

I ordered this phone and was pretty unhappy with it.  The address book doesn't let you add multiple numbers to one contact, it simply makes two entries for that contact.  The menus were difficult to navigate.  I returned the phone within one day.What followed was even worse.  I was an AT&T; customer (now Cingular).  For a month after my return I attempted to upgrade to another phone, only be transferred, told to go online, told to go to the store, told to call, etc.  In one month of trying to work with Cingular, not ONE single solitary person helped me in any way.  I was finally told I needed to just keep my current phone because they couldn't figure out how to upgrade me.Today I left Cingular and I've never been happier.  By far the worst customer service I have encountered in any industry.

I would not recomend this piece of garbage to anyone. I originally bought this phone through cingular, and it was a giant step forward from my older nokia. About 3 months into the contract, the battery stop charging, would not charge with a wall charger or car charger. Cingular sent me a new one at no cost to me as it was still under warrantee. second one came in, and had horrible reception everywhere but the cingular store (surprise surprise) Returned that one, got a third one. once again, horrible reception. Long story short, the phone is in many pieces now and i purchased a nokia and love it. I definitley would not recomend this phone to anyone with anger mangement issues, all kidding aside, this phone is horrible.

My problems all started when the camera stopped working and then the antenna fell out and the screen went black, all right when the warranty expired.

All of you people who say that this phone didn't charge after you got it, my phone charged over-night and was ready to use. It fits anywhere I want to fit it! You have to buy the games, but it's worth it! It didn't break at all so far and I've had it for 2 years. The face plate in changable, which is very cool. I have not incountered any problems WHATSOEVER with this phone. Although the buttons and a bit confusing, you'll get used to it after a couple of days.Overall it's a great phone, it's compact, and sturdy.

I got this phone free through an offer by Cingular.  I've never had any real problems with this phone.  I always wanted a camera phone and this does exactly what I need it to do.  The phone felt light and flemsy so I bought a cover for it, and it feels a lot more solid now.  It's been dropped almost every other day since I bought it four months ago and it's still going strong.  The only things I don't like about this phone are that it doesn't have a very good memory and the external speaker could be louder; however, if I know I'm going to be in a loud area, the standard "continental" ringtone does the trick fine.  My reception almost always shows 2-3 bars, but it sounds just as good as 5 bars anyway.  I do have some dropped calls in the break room at my work and in the middle of nowhere.  I must admit that I can't wait until I'm eligible for a phone upgrade because there's so many better phones out there.  I mostly want one that has *a lot* more memory and that can capture video, not to mention one with a louder speaker.  As an entry level phone, I think it goes up and above the call of duty.

This thing, I am seriously fed up with it.  I don't know what the deal is but every few days I go to turn this phone on and it won't!  It will flash and then go off.  I seriously spent about SEVEN minutes this morning contstantly pressing the power button again and again and again until FINALLY it turned on.  I do not recommend this phone, whatever deal you're getting it's not worth it to spend minutes a few times a week getting the thing to turn on.  The phone I had several phones ago might be a dinosaur now but at least it was reliable.

The camera's zoom features went out after 2 months. Now, 18 months later the camera no longer works, but I didn't use it all that much to begin with. The reception is pretty lousy and I had the typical commerical ad happen to me when during the WORST time it could happen, it went completely DEAD! As of now, I can call manually and receive calls but heaven forbid it goes into voicemail. The battery won't stay charged,the screen won't work (I get nothing but transposed gibberish)and I can't retrieve any info. I thank God my contract will be up soon. This phone is a piece of JUNK. PHOOEY!

The user interface for this phone is among the worst I've ever seen -- for any device. A herd of monkeys could do a better job than Motorola did with this phone.The biggest complaint I have is that the buttons on the outside of the phone cause it to beep at full volume even when it is closed. This terrible design has plagued Motorola's phones for years. There is absolutely no reason the buttons on the outside of the phone should make noise when it is closed. If the phone is closed and in your pocket or on your belt and the buttons get bumped for whatever reason, your phone beeps at full volume. It's fine for the external buttons to do something (i.e. display the time, activate the backlighting, etc), but not to cause the phone to make noise.When you press (or accidentally bump) the outside buttons when the phone is closed, the display toggles between displaying the time and the ringer volume. On the first press, the ringer volume is displayed (i.e. "Style: Loud"). And on the second press/bump, the display toggles back to the time of day, accompanied by a loud beep noise for everyone within a ten foot radius to enjoy. What the display should do is silently backlight the display for 3-5 seconds when the button is pressed. Or at the most, silently display the ringer volume for 3-5 seconds (or however long it takes the average person to read two words, "Style:Loud"), and then silently toggle back to the time. Most people are more interested in knowing what time it is than having "Style:Loud" shown indefinitely on the display.Changing the ringer volume is another glaring user interface problem. There is no way to silently turn the ringer volume down or off. When you open up the phone and press the volume up/down buttons to lower the volume, each press is accompanied by a loud beeping tone. So if your phone volume is on 6 and you realize that you want the ringer turned off, it will take no less than 5 beeps (plus an audible vibration) to get the ringer turned off. Of course, this isn't a problem, assuming that you have 100% flawless memory and never once forget to turn off the volume BEFORE you're already in a meeting/church/movie theater/symphony concert/etc.Turning off the phone completely is a less-than-ideal workaround. When the phone is off, it doesn't log missed calls, so you have no idea who tried to call you or what time unless they leave a voicemail message. If you could just turn the ringer volume down (without making a lot of noise), then the phone could keep a list for you of who tried to call. Unfortunately, the bone-headed user interface doesn't give you that option if you forget to turn off your ringer ahead of time.Considering how cell phones are a such a common annoyance in public places, this problem should have been fixed by Motorola years ago. It's a high probability that in any situation where the user wants the ringer turned off (i.e. in a symphony concert, a meeting, etc), that they also don't want the phone making lots of noise while they try and turn off the ringer. Therefore there should obviously be a way to silently turn off the ringer. This is something Motorola would have anticipated if they had thought about it for even a brief amount of time.What's especially ironic is that part of the phone's boot-up greeting is a message telling you to "be courteous." Too bad the phone's abysmal user interface design makes that impossible in many common situtations.The phone has an assortment of nice features. But Motorola should place a higher priority on making the phone adequately fulfill its primary purpose as a telephone before they add bells and whistles to beef up the feature list on the side of the box.If you're looking for a good cell phone with an easy to use, intuitive, non-frustrating user interface, Motorola isn't what you want. (I've used some of their other phones and they all have the same problems.) I have a Samsung phone that stands head and shoulders above this piece of junk.

I just received my second replacement for this phone in 6 months.I got this phone because I wanted a cheap phone that had the speakerphone feature.  This one fit the bill.The camera really doesn't work very well, but that doesn't bother me too much.  The problem with this phone is that every three months something goes wrong with it and I have to get a replacement.  My friend has the same problem with a different model of Motorola phone.I just hope that this replacement lasts longer than the last one.

It worked 2 days after I purchased it and Freezed for no reason.Removing SIM made it start the first time.Next time when I switched it off in church, it never came back.Tried removing battery /sim etc and thought it must be battery charge and charged for a whole day. But nope. Got to take it back to  Cingular this weekend.-Alex

I got this phone off eBay for about 80 bucks after I lost my V551.  You know what?  Bluetooth aside, I like this phone better than the V551!  Why?  It has almost all the same functions I want but in a noticeably smaller package-- speakerphone, VGA camera, flip, external caller ID, standard earbud jack...  The V551 was a bit bulky for me-- keeping it in my shirt pocket even for a little bit was uncomfortable.  The V220 isn't the smallest of the bunch but it's a good balance of features, price, and size.  The battery life is better than the V551.  Unfortunately it doesn't use the same kind of charger (I still have the charger for the V551 I lost).  And the pictures aren't quite as good.  As I said, it does not have Bluetooth, which was a feature on the V551 I was quite excited about, even though I'm too cheap to buy a bluetooth headset.  But the V220 does have a USB jack that accepts a somewhat-standard "mini-USB" cord that has standard USB on the other end.  If you buy the Motorola software for 50 bucks or however much it is, you can do all that same stuff as if you had Bluetooth-- ringtones, use it as a modem (maybe), offload your pictures, etc.  Menu system is pretty good, but I don't like that it doesn't just store missed calls, dialed calls, etc. in exact sequence-- if the same person calls twice, it only saves the date of the most recent call.Overall a good phone if you can get it cheap (or free)

it works great for me so far, and i have no complaints about it.... trust me guys i've had a phone for the last 5 yirs....this works great me, and I highly recommend this..dont bother the people below bcoz it depends on the person who uses it....battery life = greatpictures = averagesignal = goodinternet = dnt bother, this is expensive..i'm satisfied with this phone...

I have read all of the reviews and I guess that I just don't use my cell phone as much as I thought I did.  This phone's battery life will last my husband and I about three days, taking about 4 10-15 minute calls per day.  As for the camera, yes, the quality isn't really there.  I haven't really seen any really great pictures from cell phone though anyway.  This phone is excellent for basic use, and also, I guess my service area for Cingular is just really great because I don't have any complaints yet.  We have not yet dropped a call, and it has been about two months.  I love the rollover minutes, and Cingular's website is very easy to navigate!  But I guess if you talk more than about 40 minutes a day, this wouldn't be for you, but this phone is EXCELLENT for average use, or even for an 'only emergency' phone!  Also WAy NICER than other free phones!

This phone was a huge dissapointment.  The screen is small and you can barely hear any of the ring tones. Even though you can set up the quick keys to your liking nothing seems accessible because the phone is really cramped.Perhaps a person with dainty hands and lot of time to navigate through the sub-standard menu navigtion would love this phone.  I do not.The camera does take decent shots with adequate lighting.I was a faithful Motorola customer...

If you're looking for a good quality picture phone I wouldn't recommend this phone.  If you want to see if you're battery is charged or if you have a full signal I wouldn't recommend it.  The screen is waaay tooo small and the picture quality is horrible.  My husband picked up the phone for me after I told him I wanted it.  I played with the phone for about an hour and then decided it had to go back. I took it back and paid the extra money for the motorola v551 which is da bomb all around!! Oh yeah, Motorola instruction booklets are the worst!

I have had this phone for quite some time and it was a huge upgrade from my LG phone.  If you purchase this phone,  purchasing the Motorola Phone Tools is a necessity so you dont have to pay for ringtones and such.  I have found that the phone is rather simple to use (for me anyways) and the picture quality is rather standard but is sufficient for a phone.  I have had problems getting the voice dialing to work but then again I did not read the manual.  The only problem I have had with this phone is the "chrome" finish seemed to wear off pretty quick but I use my phone quite extensively and have to switch the ringer volume up and down a lot depending upon what I am doing in the office (nothing like Highway to Hell blaring during a conference call).  All in all I am pleased with this phone although it is not the "in" phone to have,  it has all the features I really need.

Horrible phone - drops at least 15% of all calls, doesn't ring all the time, software glitchy and crashes. I have had two separate v220s with the same problems. Don't get motorola. I miss my old grayscale denon candybar from sprint...

motorola V220 is a value for maoney phone. Its having lot of inbuilt features. I liked its camera.

I have had this phone one year and two months, with a one year warranty.  It was great until the warranty expired.  I have excellent service with Cingular, but the phone is BAD!  I've also heard other people (3) say they had problems with their V220 also.  First, the camera went out.  Then two weeks later, I started seeing horizontal lines across my inside screen.  The outside ID still works, but NOW, the inside screen is either, black or white OR multi-color with so many horizontal lines, that I cannot function anymore.  I can't access my address book and not all info is on my SIM card... guess I've lost some valuable information.  I've been a faithful Motorola customer for 5 years.  I'm considering going to Sony.

We were moving to the greater Seattle area so we purchased a couple of V220 cell phones.  They have proven to be little workhorses, but if I had to do it again, I would have up graded for better phones.Don't get me wrong, we have no complaints for the price we paid for them.  But we simply underestimated how much we were going to use our phones, and being relatively new to cell phones, we did not know what to look for in a new phone.A pleasant surprise was the calendar.  I was able to program in my appointments and as a result, rarely missed an appointment.  On the downside, we are a little disappointed in its ability to receive signal.  The picture option is great, but the quality of its pictures when compared to upgraded models is very poor.  By the way, email me if you have figured out a way to download your pictures to your PC.  I had no complaints about battery life (two days on a single charge), until I had to use it for my business (resulting in using 2000 minutes a month)  I have to recharge my phone midday.  Other salesmen using upgraded phones go all day on a single charge.Would I buy this phone again, probably not.  But it does make a good kids phone.  So if you got some teens or preteens that are begging for a cell phone, this is the phone for them.  As for me, I will probably upgrade very soon.

This is a decent phone, but not worth as much as it costs.  It has a color screen and camera but both are pointless.  The screen is so small it is almost unusable, and the pictures turn out blurry and washed out.  Other than that it is a good phone.  I would not recommend it.

I have had this phone for 6 months and it has been nothing but trouble.  I have Cingular service and they have replaced this phone 3 times for me - with the same phone - V220.  It drops calls EVERY time I try to use it.  It is really frustrating.  Now they are telling me to turn it off every day for 3 minutes in order to receive upgrades... this isn't working either.  I am now looking to BUY a Nokia phone.  I never had any problems with my old Nokia phone.

This cute little clamshell phone does it job.  It opens to a small color screen and a traditional keypad lit by blue light. Features include a speaker phone (great for the car if you don't have your headphone attached), camera, voice-activated dialing, international capability, IM, web browsing, alarm, date book, calculator, as well as the more standard caller ID, address book, and call log information.  The camera is slow - don't expect to catch anything in motion - but adequate.The worst feature is the ring tones, as it comes with very few (compare to Nokia's).  On top of that, the volume is not high enough to hear the phone from the bottom of my purse.  If you want a distinctive ring tone, you'll have to pay to download tones from your service provider.  Although the phone has a mini USB connector port to download your own music/tones and to upload pictures, you need to find a driver that will work on your computer.  Don't expect help on how to find one.  The Motorola site is useless, and my service provider salespeople didn't have a clue it was needed.  The thick manual that comes with the phone is barely helpful, as it shows key strokes to access features without explaining crucial information; for example, it tells you how to access new melodies without telling you how to actually accomplish the download.  In general, the manual looks helpful without actually being of use.As of the writing of this review, the phone seems to be too new for electronic accessory companies to have come up with a non-brand auto charger and headset.  You'll have to pay your service provider rates if you want these.On the plus side, the flip phone style makes it small enough to fit into my palm.  The sound is good, and the international capabilities (check with your plan) make it more versatile than some of its competitors.  I love that I can create my own wallpaper and screensaver with just a few intuitive key strokes.  Eventually, the sound features, with Motomixer and personalized ring tones, will also be great - as long as I find a driver.For a relatively low-end camera phone, its performance is surprisingly good despite the nonexistent support. Since this phone is often heavily discounted or free when signing a contract, it is well worth considering.

THIS PHONE IS OK. NOT THE BEST OUT THERE, BUT DECENT. DONT GET IT FOR THE CAMERA THOUGH. ITS VERY LIGHT AND FEELS LIKE A TOY.  ITS GOOD FOR THE PRICE THOUGH. THIS IS NOT ONE OF MOTOROLLAS BETTER PHONES, BUT I THINK ITS PRETTY GOOD BECASUE OF THE SPEAKER PHONE. AND THE SIGNAL IS MUCH BETTER THAN T-MOBILE!!!!!

So far the phone works, but there are two major dissapointments:* The battery life is only about two days. Yes, I followed the instruction and went through a couple of full charge cycles.* There is a camera in the phone and the USB port. But Motorola decided to squeeze more money from their customers, so they do not provide the drivers that allow you to download the pictures from phone to your computer. What is the purpose for having the camera if you cannot use it?! You have to pay separately to purchase the drivers from Motorola.

The camera quality is bad, and after a few months the ear piece of the phone became unsturdy and flimsy (it would squeek while talking) and people constantly complained that I never came through clearly. I really reccomend passing over this phone- though the interface is easy to use and the screen is visible in the front, it is still the worst phone ever.

I've owned just 4 cell phones since the late 1980's (2 Nokia and 2 Motorolas) and while I am somewhat "technologically challenged", I've found this phone to be fairly easy to navigate and setup.  I purchased the V220 about two weeks ago (1) for its size; (2) the keyboard lights up in a neat blue color making it easier to read than some that do not - if you need glasses to read this is a plus! and (3) the camera. I really don't care about downloading games, sounds, etc. so I cannot comment on those elements.I used the camera immediately and you can zoom in or out to make a picture clearer.  It's easy to save a photo or delete one.  I change or add photos for wallpaper and enjoy this feature.  For me, the sound is good and using the speakerphone and voice dial are great, no problems.One negative is the manual that comes w/the phone.  I couldn't setup voice command using the "instructions" ... it is virtually non-existant.  The cellular agent did not know how to set it up either.  Apparently, on previous models it was explained better.  After calling Motorola (very good customer service, by the way) the rep. walked me through it.  He accessed the manual for my model online even telling me what pages in the manual the instructions were on, then realized why I was having a problem.  He even admitted after trying to find the instructions in the V220 manual, that there was no way I would be able to set it up unless I had had a previous model and had setup voice dial before.  After walking me through it I have no problem adding names and numbers.  Another negative is paying attention to the symbols on the menu.  Remember, I don't care about going online w/the phone.  There are a few menu items w/a symbol next to the item (a globe or the Cingular symbol).  If you hit those and don't have a plan for net access, etc., you will be charged for the time.  It is just a matter of being more careful for me, but probably for most of you, the reason you are getting the phone is to access the net etc. so it won't be a problem.Other than the two items above, I really like this phone.  It fits in the palm of my hand perfectly.  It's very attractive and functions well.  My favorite things are voice command and the camera.  Personally, I would recommend this phone to anyone.

We ordered these phones from Cingular. They are absolute junk. My husband had to have his replaced 3 times and I had mine replaced twice.  The camera would always mess up and would stay on or freeze up and you couldn't get into your phone book or even see who's calling on the caller i.d. screen.  I've taken mine into a store to replace it and was told that the store didn't carry them because of all the issues with them. These are not worth the money. I had to replace mine again last week. This time I went with a Sony Ericsson Z520A  Its much better and has way more options.  The camera even has a 4x digital zoom.  Don't buy this phone, or you will surely end up in the same boat that we did.

I have always had a motorola cell phone but the v220 is a big let down.  It looks, feels, and operates like a cheap phone.

I recieved this phone for 50 bucks with a 2 year contract and wow this is just terrible. I'll start with the few pros, there is a good deal of features but nothing that lg or samsung phones don't have. Now the cons, the camera is fuzzy overall bad, there is a very low amount of memory. usb driver costs a whopping 50 dollars from cingular, so transferring the pics is a big wallet drainer.The battery meter is terrible, it indicates 4 bars out of 4 then goes 1 hour later to one bar. It completely defeats the purpose of having a meter. U can't record ur voice and use it as a ringtone. Coverage is terrible on Cingular's gsm network, number of dropped calls is amazing with this phone. (I live in CT) Now for the worst part of this phone that should make u not buy this, whenever there is a ring, data exchange of any kind, the phone creates extreme disturbance with nearby electronic devices. Particularly speakers, if you like music, forfeit this phone, the crackling increases the amp volume and eventually kills your speakers. My brand new harmon kardon speakers for example, were victims of this, now the right tweeter continues to make a constant crackling sound, Not only is this phone terrible as  phone, it manages to ruin the speakers of my house. I had to unplug my intercom system because of this thing. The crackling sound is a very annoying high pitch problem. Even if your volume is set low, it manages to increase the amp volume. At this point, I don't even know if this is legal for a cell phone. If u get this phone, get a lawyer while ur at it.

All the bad reviews here are true.  I had my phone replaced in Nov because of the display problem and now 3 months later in February it is out again.  This time it is out of warranty.  I also have a Motorola smart phone Mpx220 that I had to get replaced 3 times during the 1 year warranty.  I don't have much hope for the second year of my contract. Funny how these cell phone contracts are so one sided.  Stay away from the MOTOROLA name completely for your best guarantee of satisfaction

This phone is great!....  it's compact, feels solid, and has great reception.  Yes, the screen is SLIGHTLY smaller that a few other phones but if you want a phone to actually make and receive calls, this is a great phone...  What I especially appreciate about this phone is the volume in loud areas....  I got rid of my previous phone, an LG brand phone, because its battery did not hold a charge, it often made me restart it before I could make a call after exiting a building, and because it had low volume...  The Motorola phone is plenty loud and has great reception.  Some people complained about the lack of included ring tones.  Well, that's a valid complaint, but ALL Motorola phones are like that...spend the $1.99 to buy the ring tone you really want from Cingular - big deal....  If you want a phone to perform as a phone, then get this one.

I had this phone for nearly a year with no problems, aside from the camera inexplicably stopping working. A few months ago the battery on the phone started draining within 8 hours of being fully charged. I sent for a replacement and within a few weeks it started doing it again, but this time it shuts off randomly.My brother got the same phone as me and within six months his battery was being constantly drained. He also sent for a replacement, which has worked until recently, when he started having problems with not being heard on the other end.All in all, this phone isn't worth the trouble. It will work great for awhile, then it won't, and depending on your provider, you'll be stuck with a crap phone and another year on your contract.

This phone is the worst. Cingular gave it to me for free. I got what I paid for. It turns off randomly. The screen is way too small. The camera is a joke. And the menus are very akward. Can't download pictures because they didn't supply a CD or drivers.  When I asked the guy at Cingular about this - he said you had to e-mail them to your computer.  But, of course, they charge for the e-mail.  Forget it.... I want my Nokia back ....

Do NOT by this phone. One of the worst. Freezes up, the camera does not work. BAD SERVICE

I paid to "upgrade" to this cameraphone a year ago. I can say it has worked, but that is about it. The camera is so low quality that it might as well not be on the phone. Memory capacity is very low, so you won't get many shots either. MP3 ringtone support is a joke - they want you to buy additional software just to have that feature (though there's now a free alternative).Pros:MP3 RingtonesUSB PortExternal displayGood battery lifeCons:Ringer not loud enoughFinish easily scratchedCamera quality poorReception poorScreen contrast poorPhone sometimes disconnects and screen goes blank.Sometimes calls don't 'ring through' even when you have 5 bars.

I bought three of these phones for my kids in December.  It is now August and they have all broken.  Two have screen damage and one has an antenna stripped.  Also, the silver on the outside has rubbed off just from being taken in and out of a pocket.  I was told the phone is still under warranty, but that if we return it and they find the damage is caused by the user, they will charge $150 for the replacement phone.  Well, no phone is going to break if you put it on the shelf and leave it there.  No cell phone should break from flipping a flip phone shut (as in screen damage) or from being taken in and out of a pocket.  I didn't want to take even the remotest chance of having to pay even a cent for another of these awful phones, so I bought new phones.  Go for Motorola V551 instead.  That is a much better phone.

I like this phone. It is a huge step up from my last one, I got it for a good price, and it has many new functions that I don't know how I got along without. I like how you can change your ringtone so easily (from silent to loud or vibrate to vibrate and then ring and so on) without even opening the phone. However, those buttons can also get pressed a lot accidentally creating an obnoxious beeping sound. The phone does hold a long charge and I no longer have to put it on the charger every night like my old phone.Sometimes my service is not so good but I can only speak for my area (Baltimore) because when I was elsewhere (SC) the reception was perfect (figures).If you're looking for a decent phone that can do a lot, including take pictures, for a good price, this phone is the way to go.
