
I just made the leap into mobile technology with this purchase, so I can't make any comparisons to other products here.  But I prefer to think that will make my review more objective.I've had this phone for exactly a week at this point and I couldn't be happier with it.  It is very compact, yet packed with useful features.  The black and silver casing is stylish and professional looking, as well as the blue backlight.  The buttons are sensibly positioned and easy to use.  The menus are so intuitive I have yet to crack open the instruction book.  My initial charging time was only 90 minutes, not the 12-24 hours the manual promises.  The battery lasted a good 5 days with no attempt at restricting my usage.  The reception is crystal clear, I get 3-4 bars everywhere I go, and not a single dropped call yet.Many reviewers complain about the low speaker volume, and I solved that problem (as other reviewers suggested) by experimenting with the position of the speaker against my ear.  People also complain about the 6101's limited memory, which I haven't come up against yet.  I'm not sure what kind of voluminous data these folks are jamming into their phones.Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I tried out the included earbuds with the FM radio.  This is an excellent feature, but what I love most about it is the earbuds double as a hands-free headset that worked beautifully in the car without worrying about placing a microphone properly near my mouth.  I don't know how Nokia managed this...it must be done through magic.I took away one star because of the camera function.  The pictures look great as long as I don't try to put them on my computer, but as everyone says, if you want a camera, buy a camera, not a phone.  Live and learn.  Also there are only 8 provided ringtones, each one more cheesy sounding than the last.  A little more selection without ponying up extra $$ would have been nice.I really, really wanted a Motorola Razr, but every site I looked at was full of reviews saying the same thing: all form, no function.  What good's a phone that is pretty to look at but doesn't do what it's supposed to?  The 6101 has impressed me suitably to make me a Nokia customer for life (knock on wood).Update:  Had the phone for 2-1/2 weeks now.  I accidentally cracked a tiny part of plastic from the hinge area just from opening it.  This made the silver trim come loose and bend at a right angle upward.  Nokia claims the "limited warranty" doesn't cover this poor workmanship.  Bad form!  They still need a little work on clamshell construction, clearly.  Would take away a half star for this.

I have always been a fan of Nokia- I  feel it is the best phone company ever. I was thinking of buying a new camera phone, and when I came across this beautiful Nokia flip phone model I just fell for it! I would very higly recommend this phone. It has a beautiful design, is light, has a wonderful camera and video phone and has a bonus feature- FM radio! Great for your workout sessions!!!It doesn't have bluetooth. But whatever - you dont get everything in one phone, do you? I get great reception and enjoy the handsfree headset listening to music or talking when I am driving and thats what I need for a great value for my buck!!!!If you are thinking of buying a phone, buy the Nokia 6101!!!NK

I have owned the Nokia 6101 since late October 2005. I absolutely love it!!! I wouldn't trade it for the world. My boyfriend even wanted me to trade it tom get a Motorola Razr V3 like he has, which does have it's own set of great perks, but I love my phone. There are a few games on there (with room to download), the camera quality has great clarity, the FM radio works perfectly (and is a great passer of time), and it has great reception on T-Mobile's GSM network. You can also use the recorder to record your own ringtones. It's great!!!!

I bought this phone in hopes of overcoming a weak T-Mobile signal. I couldn't use my old cell phone at all at my office and a few other places I frequent. The Nokia 6101 was definitely a good purchase to meet my needs. I can now sit at my desk at work and have a conversation without any problem! It also has many of the "extras" that people have come to expect today - camera, radio, voice dialing, loudspeaker, etc. My only complaints: the loudspeaker feature can be activated only after you have placed a call and the radio works only if you plug in a headset that acts as an antenna.

I bought 2 of these phones from t-mobile a year ago after my daughter's motorola v300 died and she needed a replacement. I actually had to pay for them, and for their shipping, and had to take a 2 year contract instead of my previous one year paln, so definitely not a good bargain. The only reason i did it was because I still have my 400 min. $50 a month plan which nobody else offered - Verizon or Cingular wanted $70/month, so even with payng for the phones, T-mobile was cheaper. Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for. The last statement doesn't apply to the Nokia 6101 though. If I had gotten money back for it it may have been worth the trouble, but i did pay for it, so...The first thing that happened to my kid's phone was the death of the radio. Since she is a teenager this was of highest priority, so we had to return the phone (and pay for the shipping) and get a replacement. The replacement phone has a still working radio, but it's side volume button broke after a few months. My daughter had "customized" the otside of the phone with glu-on pearly stuff by then, so we could not get a replacement. Which is ok because she hates the phone and is looking forward to next year when she can get a different one. Since my Motorola survived almost another year, i just started using the Nokia and I hate it too.1. The call and disconnect buttons are the oposite of the motorola! why? so i will need to relearn new habits every time and get a  new phone?2. The vibe option is useless. And is my daughter's constant excuse for not answering when I call her. And so far I haven't found the vibe and then ring option which was available even through the side button of the motorola.3. I still haven't figured out how to use the speed dial. For now teh phone allows me to assign numbers with the 1-touch dial option (up to nine phone numbers), but will not allow speed dial numbers such as 11 to 99, unlike my Motorola that will give me any number while storing the contact. All I had to do to make a call was dial the two digits and the pound key. Very handy if you are driving.4.the nokia has 8 ringtones. 8!?! If I have 9 speed dial numbers I should have at least that many ringtones to know when some of these supposedly important contacts calls me. I have to look for the collar ID if I want to know how importnat it is to answer the phone call. And none of the tones is acceptable. My pager has a better selection!!! I am not a person who would pay for ringtones, but I may end up doing it, because these are just too irritating.5. The manus are far from intuitive. I never had to look into my Motorola's manual. It was easy to use the phonebook, setup a pictuer as wallpaper, assign ring-tones to contacts, etc. The Nokia is a constant irritation. I have not been unable to asign a ringtone to any contact or phone number not that there will be a lot of ringtone to choose from. There is plenty of options I can't fugure out why they even exist and many options lead to the same screen. Worst of all the phone stays on the last screen you were using even after you close it!!! so if i set my alarm for the morning, i have to go back through all the screens before i can make a phone call, i can't just close and re-open the phone.I don't know if this is how it was designed or t-mobile "crippled" it as many people are saying about other features of the phone.6. And this is pertinent to ALL cell phones. Why on earth wouldn't they come with the cable to connect to the computer? You have to look for the right cable and then it still doesn't work and I doubt it really costs that much since ALL pdas and palms come with one anyway.The only positive thing is that it has better reception than the Motorola and so far hasn't droped any calls. Overall i wouldn't recommend the phone and i see it's not offered through Amazon anymore. If you put bells and whistles do it well, if not just make a generic phone.

The part at the top where you listen is a little low even with the volume turned all the way up. The radio is actually pretty good it's almost like having a walkman. The camera doesn't take amazing pictures, but they are fine.I just wish that you had more options such as zoom (even though you can do it after the pic, it doesn't stay that way) and things such as flash and a choice of hi med or lo resolution. The video is extremely grainy and pixely so definitely do not expect quality with that it's more for something you really want to record and don't have access to or just don't want to drag out a camcorder. The only other bad thing is that it says it can do mp3, so you can hold the phone's mic up to a speaker and set that as your ringtone. I  tried doing this and I wasn't expecting anything magnificent but it was absolutely  terrible, and screechy and tinny and sounded like a wounded mouse in a pop can. The phone itself looks nice, black and silver.I like the nice external display. It has a infrared port and also EDGE which are pretty good features.

Coming from the "freebie" phone that Verizon gave us - a LG 4400 - this phone, the Nokia 6101, is a letdown.  I expected more from Nokia.I have only had this phone three days so far.  The phone functionality seems to work good, I can hear fine, and it has good signal strength and whatnot.  So that is all OK.  The form factor is nice.  It is a pretty good size, and seems pretty durable.  The black does show fingerprints/smudges easily.But I have a couple big problems.1. The backlight doesn't stay on long enough, and even in a brightly lit room it is impossible to see the screen when the backlight goes off.  There is no way to increase the backlight timeout - and there is no easy keey to press that will turn the backlight back on without possibly messing up what you are doing.  On my *free* LG phone I could change the timeout to a longer value, or disable it all together leaving the light on all the time (hurting battery life obviously).2. There is no quick way to switch into or out of silent mode.  You can set shortcut keys, but not for silent mode.  So to go into or out of silent mode you have to:  Open the phone, press "Go-To", Scroll down 4 times, and press "Select".  That is open the phone and press 6 keys - to do what I could do with one external keypress on my *free* LG flip phone.And finally, like all Nokia Series 40 phones, there is no Macintosh support.  Nokia does not support the Macintosh, and Apple iSync does not yet support series 40 phones, and none of the third party products yet supports the 6101...

This was my first cell phone, and I had it for a full 3 months until a homeless person stole it from me. If I ever saw that man again, I would thank him. I hated this phone so much, but I could never justify buying a new one since I already had this one. First of all, my main complaint with this phone was the lack of memory. I had a total of 5 ringtones downloaded, 1 video, and 6 pictures on my phone. It was so annoying that everytime I wanted to take a new picture or send a picture message I would get a "Memory Full" message. Second of all, it's not possible to put an individualized ringtone for a certain person on your contact list. To do this, you must first create a new group, and then add the person to the group, and then choose a ringtone for that group. This of course takes up more memory!! Another complaint I had with this phone was that the backlight would automatically go off after 10 seconds of inactivity. This got to be a nuisance, and there was no way to change it as far as I could tell. Also the vibration feature of this phone is very weak.It practically has to be pressed up against your skin for you to even feel it. This caused me to miss a lot of calls and text messages. Speaking of which, when a call is missed it will just say "1 missed call" but it wont say from who. Then you have to go to your missed call list just to see who it was. The same goes for when you receive a text message. One thing that I did like about this phone however, was that it rang very loud. You could easily hear it in a crowded area. So in conclusion:Pros:Rings LoudlyCons:Low MemoryHorrible VibrationLow quality camera and even worse videos.Text message autocomplete is horribleLow Memory ( I know it's here twice. but that's just how bad it is)I've never been happier with my Samsung t509

I recently purchsed this phone and it is so much better than the last one I had! The only problem i've had so far is that it froze up once which can be fixed only by putting the battery back in.

I've always had Nokia phones that have worked very well.  So when I was looking for a new phone and saw that Nokia had come out with a flip, I knew I had to try it out.  I am so glad I went ahead and got this phone.  It is absolutely wonderful!  It has a great, stylish, sturdy look to it.  Not cheap looking or feeling at all.  The inside display is nice and bright, and I really like the outside display as well.  The buttons are large and easy to press.  Plus they are very well backlit with a cool blue light.  The reception on this phone is amazing.  I get better reception in certain areas with this phone than I have with any previous phone.  Volume and call clarity are great.  I was worried about the volume due to some reviews I'd read, but have had no problems hearing people at all.  I think these people complaining about volume may not be holding the speaker exactly to their ear, because if you hold it a little off then of course you're not going to hear it as well.  Just hold the phone correctly and you'll have no problems.  People on the other end think I'm calling from a land line because it sounds so clear.  Nokia has put the antenna on the left hand side, unlike almost every phone out there, which is great because it does not get in the way of your hand when you're talking.  The size of the phone is not too big and not too small.  Plus it's really light.  Mine came with a good selection of ring tones, but it is so easy to download new ones if you want more variety.  The menus are extremely intuitive and easy to use.  The camera does the job for me, as all I want to use it for is to put images up as my background on the main and mini displays.  I want my phone to be a good phone first before anything else and this one does the job.  The extra bells and whistles are just bonuses to me and make this phone all the better.  The phone has convenient volume and camera buttons on the sides.  These are small and out of the way enough that I do not accidently press them, unlike other phones where I hear this is a problem.  All around a fantastic phone and I highly recommend it!

I got this phone a few months ago after narrowly escaping being suckered into the super-cool looking but crappy functioning Motorola Razr.  Nokia phones, in my experience, are sturdy, reliable, and simple, and this phone lives up to the brand name.  It's sleek but sturdy, has easy to use and decent quality features like the built-in camera/video, and the sound quality is the best one can expect from a cell phone.  I've already dropped it a couple of times and no problems yet (fingers crossed:)Definitely the ideal flip-phone for someone who just wants a good quality, well-functioning and nice looking phone.

I got the 6101 as my first cell phone and I have to say that it's a pretty cool. The functions of the phone are great, it's easy to use and has plenty of customisable features to play with. The camera is excellent for a cell phone and deals with low light situations easily. The case looks real cool, the buttons work well, and the phone has a strong vibrate feature. The outside screen is nice and big, good for caller ID. Having the ability to put one wallpaper on the main screen and another on the outside screen is also a plus. Overall the phone works well and is nice to have.There are some major problems to the phone, the ear piece being one. The phone has one tiny hole as the ear piece so you have to keep the phone in one position on your face to hear anybody speaking. The phone slips easily so you have to watch where you put it.The main problem the phone has is it's durability. Within less than a month, the phone had started to degrade. The battery came loose easily and I would repeatedly find my phone randomly off after being in my pocket. I also noticed that the top part (screen) of the phone had started to wiggle a litte. All these things I put off as little annoyances and decided to keep the phone. I lived peacefully and happily with the 6101 until one day I pulled it out of my pocket to make a phone call and the found that the front screen on the phone had cracked in half with no provocation at all. The next day I took the phone in and upgraded to the V3 Razr and I'm happy to say that the phone is just better. There was a significant loss of camera quality between the Razr and the 6101, but that's a worthy loss to not have your phone fall apart in your pocket.The 6101 is a cool little phone and works well, it just falls apart without reason. Go for the Razr or something else.

This phone is a great phone to have.  It has so many great features, and it also has great reception wherever I go.  I have had this phone for over a month now, and it has not yet once done anything weired to me or anything to question it's value.  There are some cons to this, but not a lot.Pros:Great reception (better than most other phones).Videos are very decent quality.Pictures are very decent quality.Includes an fm radio that sounds great.The fm radio can be either listend to on headphones or on it's loudspeaker.The loudspeaker on calls is very loud if you want it to be.The loudspeaker can be used with the phoned closed.The phone has a very sleak design.The ringtone of the phone can be set to be very loud.There is basically a personnal planner in the phone.You can record messages or other things.Theres a timer that can be set off at a certain time.And there are many other more features that are great on this phone.Now for some of the Cons.This phone does not have a desirable amount of memory for it to hold too much.  It is compatible with mp3 ringtones and videos and all that stuff, but you come with only about 2.5 megabites, so the memory on this phone isn't that good.This phone also has to have the headset in no matter what if you want the radio to play, even if you are playing the fm radio on the loudspeaker.The material for this phone feels kinda like cheap plastic.  I don't necessarily know if it is that durable, I mean I have dropped it many times so far and it hasn't broke yet, but I don't know still if it is able to resist a fall on concrete.  I make sure it is in a cover for it most of the time just in case.This is about it for this phone.  In my oppinion, this is a great phone and I would still want this over almost any other phone.  But, if your the kinda guy who needs more than 3 megabites of memory or like to drop your phone constantly on concrete, this phone might not be for you.

I've had this phone less than a month and the finish is already chipping off. You have to position it perfectly on your ear in order to hear properly. Other than that's, it's been ok. It just seems very cheaply made.

I have done my research on this phone for about a month before purchasing it. And I am vdry glad that I researched and bought the phone.Now, yes, I have only had the phone for 2days but it hasn't been acting up yet! It has a very sleek look on the outside and on the inside. Very modern looking. But as soon as you go thru the MENUS it isn't the same story. NOKIA has kept their old traditional screen-look. Which to me, is very 80s looking. The colors are just not enough to make it look digital enough as a product! And the navigation is a bit "weird" when first dealing with the phone.I absolutely love the FM radio feature on this phone. The radio was what really attracted me to the phone so that explains why I'm so entusiastic[sp?] about it. This NOKIA  phone gives you a bit of an inside scoop on the new additional features phones are going to come out with. [e.g- music videos, phone themes, etc.]The camera takes decent pictures for it being a camera PHONE.Some things that DO "suck" about the phone though, is that the backlight doesn't stay on for very long. And thats a tad bit annoying; but I'm glad that it saves battery power! I used this phone for the past 2days and haven't had to charge it but once! YAY , NOKIA!!Personalization is SO much fun on this phone! There are so many ways into making this phone "one-of-a-kind."As far as the headset, it wasn't a problem with me cause T-MOBILE supplied it in the box it came in, even though the wire is a bit long and ugly looking. (lol)The phone is light-weight and the material seems durable enough! Haven't dropped it yet though.Well, until further notice this is a very good buy!

In the past, I have tried other flip phones, and I didn't like them, because the menu was not easy to navigate, and the ringer wasn't loud, and some of the hifi ringers on the older model flip phones just sound awful. This phone is so easy to navigate, you don't even need the intructions, everything is self explanatory, but please do read the instructions to learn how to care of the phone. The hifi ringers sound like you are listening to the song on the radio. Reception is great, and the loud speaker feature, is very clear and crisp sounding. The FM radio sound good too. When taking a photo, even in the daytime, if you don't have enough light in the room, use the night mode on the cammera, and it your photo will come up clearer, with more light. However, I do reccomend, the car kit and all other accessories be purchase from the Nokia website, or authenic Nokia acessories purchased from your service provided. There are cheaper versions out there, but buyer beware, they don't work as well, and the wrong battery may actually damaged your phone. This is a great little phone, I'm having fun with it, I hope you do too. I almost forgot, you need to buy the leather case, make sure it is by Nokia, it covers the entire phone, and it has a clip on it, to wear on your clothes. Remeber the smaller the phone the more delicate they are so you do want to protect it.  T-mobile also has the Nokia case. The Nokia website also authenticates your battery by going to [...] Have fun!

Overall I think this is a pretty good phone.  This is my first experience in owning a camera phone, I just upgraded from my motorola v66.  I primarily chose this phone because it has my favorite feature... voice activation dialing (which comes in handy if you are driving).I rated the phone 4 stars because it is fairly simple to use and easy to setup.  I was virtually able to setup all of the features I wanted (personal wallpaper, screen savers, ring tones, caller id, voice activation) without even opening the user's manual.  The reception is as just as good if not better than my old phone and I can hear people clearly on the other end of the line.Now the room for improvement:-The pictures are often grainy unless you have BRIGHT lighting (such as sunlight).  Because this is my first camera phone I don't know if this is normal or subpar (use a real camera if you want nice pictures).-The downloadable ring tones do not sound as clear on the phone as they do when you sample them on the website (perhaps websites should lessen the quality of their sound?).-The navigational buttons take some getting used to.  It is basically a square within a square, but it can be confusing because the TOP left and right hand corners on the square button correlate with the BOTTOM left and right hand corners of the screen respectively.  Perhaps this won't bother you too much, but it is constantly tripping me up (it seems to me bottom corners on button should correlate with bottom corners on screen).-The most annoying feature to me of all (some may see this as a plus) is that the screen does not reset itself to the main screen when you flip the phone shut.  If you are somewhere deep into the menus of the phone, you must remember to push a button to clear the screen before you close the phone, otherwise when you open the phone hours later, it is still on the same detailed screen you were on last time as opposed to the main screen (like I said, some people may like this feature... I hate it).Because these quirks are minor and probably personal, I do recommend this phone to others.

[...]To unlock this phone...  go the site, in the DCT4 menu type in the IMEI of you nokia 6101 or 6102. Then pick USA - T-mobile as a provider for 6101 or Cingilar Orange for 6102. In GEN menu select "original". In the model menu "asic 2". Press get code. turn the phone on without sim or with wrong sim, enter the first code to unlock. For p, w, and + ---- press * multiple times until the desired character appears

Hi there,  we have had this phone for 8 months and the molding around the front face plate &  around the atenna has come undone ( both my phone and my husbands) Which means now we have multiple dropped calls and no signal half the time. Went to T-mobile for this problem and they stated that they would consider this a physical damage and not replace it, but For a $100 ea. phone we could upgrade.  Well we didn't expect our phones to come undone in 8 mos. and we don't have an extra couple hundred dollars to just go ahead and upgrade,  POOR customer service from T-MOBILE.

I am posting this because I'm not sure if the other reviewers work for Nokia.  After reading the sparkling reviews, I waited with anticipation for the Nokia 6101, only to be COMPLETELY UNDERWHELMED by this phone.  My spouse and I were bored with in an hour.  Keeping in mind that the cell phone immediately preceding this one is a black Motorola Razor and before that, a Motorola V300- the Nokia does not even hold a candle to either of those phones.  The Nokia screen is teeny and blurry, the screen font is sans serif (think Mac computer circa 1989) and the "print quality" photos are a joke.  The reception is fine, but the phone itself is lacking in pizzazz.  It is very basic, which is fine if that is what you're in the market for.  I wouldn't actually pay money for this phone.I am going to give this phone another few days (to give the Nokia reception prowess a chance to impress) but unless it's a huge difference, I will return it to Tmobile for another Razor.  In terms of size is like the old Motorola V60.  The FM radio works fine.Step up, Nokia!---I am revising my review after a few more days of use.  What this phone lacks in looks it makes up for in reception.  There is an area up the hill from my home that never ot ANY reception with my old Motorola V300 or Razor.  The Nokia picks up a signal in that area and the reception is clear as can be.  I would revise it to three 1/2 stars.

This phone suffers from the same defect as any other Nokia mid to high end phone; Raging mediocrity.It does the normal phone functions decently.It the screen is ok.The rings are loud, but the call audio is lower than some other phones.Reception isn't really a problem but i don't recall any other phones from Nokia that had _bad_ reception.The screen is slightly better than similar priced Motorola's, but not as good as the Samsungs.Some high points:Large buttons.Large Screen.Newer menu, but still easy to use.Lows:Domestic tri-band (850/1900 US, and 1800)New, very thin power port that is not the same as most of the Nokia's

I've had several of Nokia's phones before and have never been disappointed with them until now.  When using the hands-free headset, whoever I was talking to sounded liked they were talking into a tin can.  Since I use the hands-free set the majority of the time I'm on the phone, this was a big problem.  The other problem I found was that the phone did not have a very powerful vibrate mode.  I sometimes did not even hear it when it was sitting on my desk next to me.  The one plus of the phone (other than Nokia's easy-to-use menus) is that's it's very light and compact.  Because of the problem with the hands-free set, I had to exchange it for a Motorola V360.  This phone is a bit heavier, but has much better sound quality and vibrate mode.

its a great phone and i have no complaints about it

This phone is packed with features from the camera to the radio, but when it comes to storage it's not that reliable. I find myself frequently deleting unneeded games, wallpapers, and ring-tones to make room for more. Also, I got it in October and last month the screen froze similar to a computer and now it's simply un-useable. So, let me lay it out flat. It's a gorgeous phone and easy to love but, if I were you I'd look a little more before settling.

THis phone will torture you to the death! THe keys rust really easily, it is amazingly SUCKY! and is $150?!?!?!?!?!?!?!WHO THE HECK WOULD BUY THIS??????Call quality SUX!

Nokia has always been the "candybar" phonemaker of choice, but their flip phones are nothing to pass over.  I just received my 6101 from T-Mobile and I was quite impressed.  It is very light, has a very well designed and strong hinge, and the materials are very good quality.  The few things I did not like about this phone were the user interface, display and camera.  I feel that Nokia needs to improve these features in order to ramp their phones up to the same standards as other makes like Motorola.  But all in all, still a great choice.===UPDATE===After a week of regular use, the phone froze.  I turned it off and took out the battery, then turned it back on.  This happened 3 times.  It was working again but the ringer was not working.  I was very dissapointed, so I returned this phone to T-Mobile and I am now waiting for my new Motorola v360.  I give this phone 3 stars, T-Mobile has been very helpful and their customer service is fantastic.

This is a great phone.  The basic features are easy to use, the buttons are a useful size.The phone is very small and light, and the battery performs well.This one came with a recharge dongle that allowed me to reuse my old Nokia recharger on this phone as a spare.The extra features are brilliant.  Camera works easily and takes little movies.  I really like the radio too.For the money I think this is the best phone around at the moment (2006).

There isn't anything that impresses me about this phone. The backlight remains on for less than five seconds, unless you're pressing one of the phone's keys, and there isn't an option to have it remain on for a predetermined amount of seconds.Without the backlight on, both the external and the main display are nearly impossible to read. The phone has eight ring tones preloaded, with all but perhaps two being intolerable. Both the phone's still and video capturing relies largely on lots of light, and yet as expected, it won't replace your stand alone camera or camcorder.Reception has been perfect, rather your opinion is that great reception is accreditation to T-mobile's network or the believe that Nokia phones offer superior reception, my opinion is that of the latter. The FM radio works well, and is a great extra feature. The phone has most of the latest bells and whistles in cell phones, minus Bluetooth and upgradeable memory. While the Nokia 6101 will not end your quest for a perfect cell phone, it will suffice while you continue your never ending quest.

Unless you are only planning on making occasional phone calls on this device without holding many contacts or personalizing the ringtone, this phone is not for you, especially at this price. The lack of internal memory prevents you from saving more than a handful of games, pictures, ringtones, or text messages without causing it to lock up due to a "lack of internal memory". There are many better phones available at better prices, especially if you are a T-Mobile To Go customer. If you do use To Go, purchase a terrible phone (like this, only cheaper) for the SIM card, then upgrade to an Unlocked Phone on Amazon. You won't be nearly as frustrated (unless you try to download from T-Zones, which can be a hassle, but I would rather not have this phone and not be able to download) as I have been, wasting my money on downloads only to discover that they won't fit in, even when I have barely anything on my phone. Unless customization and having control over your phone (instead of the other way around) aren't for you, run away NOW!

I got this phone when I signed up for tmobile and still am pleasently surprised.Design:The Nokia 6101 is arguably the most attractive phone on the market. The glossy black with silver colloring and the mirrored surfaces on the outside give this phone an amazing, eye-catching design. Open up the phone and the interior is nearly perfect with the well spaced and very symmetrical keys. Though other than the number keys nothing is labeled, it gives the inside of the phone a very simple and attractive look. The keys are a tad slippery and not the most tactile but the phone in general is nearly perfect in terms of looks.Screens:The external screen is one of the biggest on the market, but on the downside it only shows a little more than 4000 colors and is awfully grainy and washed out. It does do a good job acting as a self portrait display, making the entire screen your viewfinder. Another downside is when you set the photo caller ID, it only displays a tiny little picture of your caller which you can barely recognize.The internal screen is a perfect size for the size of the phone. It too is kind of grainy and washed out but it is is also one of the easiest to see in sunlight. It does the job but isn't great.Camera:The picture quality is a little sub par, not really all that crisp and vivid, but there a lof of extra features so you can edit and play with the pictures which is a huge plus. There are several choices for the sizes of the pictures but with the shared memory of the phone goes quickly with everything you do, so a lower setting on the camera may help.The video scores some points for being able to record more than 16 sec, but the quality yet again isn't perfect, and when it is sent to a computer the quality is pretty crappy. However it does the trick on the phone.Extras:The addition of the speakerphone is very welcome, and the quality is pretty good. But personally I felt that the volume was a little low on the speaker when in the car, but it does the trick perfectly if you are just sitting at home.The FM radio is a welcome addition, even though an MP3 player would be way more desireable. You can preset 20 stations and really the reception is very good given that the phone is small and already pretty featured packed. On the downside, the sound quality is not perfect and the earphones are pretty uncomfortable, and unfortunately since it requires the earphones to get the reception, you can't get another pair.Pros: Amazing, eye-catching design that is sleek, light and attractive. Speakerphone and an FM radio. Large external display.Cons: Displays are a little washed out. Uncomfortable earphones for the FM radio, no MP3 player. Shared memory goes fast.Overall: Great design in and out, with a decent speakerphone and other features, even though the screens are lackluster.

OK, the one absolutely great thing about the phone is the weak signal reception. This phone will hold a call with good clarity way better than several Motorolas and Samsungs I've tried with T-Mobile.Now to the stupid stuff.The backlight only stays on for 14 sec. and no way to adjust it. You really can't see the display if the backlight is off. Really annoying when trying to listen to/send voice mails.All the key presses you do stay on the display unless you specifically clear the display. It doesn't clear automatically when you close the flip. This is an ID theft issue if you use you phone to pay credit card bills, mortgage payments etc, and you don't clear the display, and then loose your phone.But the big screwup is the tiny little pinhole opening for the ear speaker! This is why some people complain about the volume. The actual volume is fine, but the pinhole is an opening that's probably only 5-10% the surface area of most phones. Talking with several people who own the phone, how this bothers you apparently depends on the shape of your ear's pinna. That's the outside of your ear. If you don't have the opening positioned directly over your ears canal, you can't hear worth crap. If the opening touches your skin on the outside of your ear, it's like holding your thumb over the speaker, you simply can't hear. I have one of those ears! This was incredibly annoying and caused me to return the phone. Almost all other phones I've seen have several openings over the speaker, and I don't have the problem.

This is the first flip-phone that Nokia has ever produced. Good job for a first effort, but after owning a couple of flip-phones; two Motorolas, and an LG, this one leaves something to be desired. Okay, to me, it seems that Nokia didn't research Motorola or LG before designing one of their own. If they had, this phone would be a lot more user-friendly. As it is, the phone does not offer ringtone assignment for individuals (you have to create a group), a banner, quick voice calling, or an ability to keep the lights on (displays and keys lit up). What it lacks, it makes up for in some areas. Such as, external camera activation and control (flip closed), an FM Radio (though an additional enhancement to operate it must be purchased seperately or it won't work), excellent battery life, talk time and signal reception. Having owned an LGVX6000, I'd  highly recommend it over the 6101, though you can't use it with T-Mobile. This is a good phone and I enjoy using it, though I miss the ease and convenience of the LG. I do recommend this phone as a first flip-phone for anyone looking to switch from the traditional "candy bar" style Nokia has been known for.

Don't buy this phone! Yeah it's free on tmobile.com but the phone is raggedy. This is Nokia's worse phone they ever made! The phone be cutting off by itself for no reason. The memory is low and the ringtones are loud and sometimes unclear. The camera doesn't show up clearly and then the battery goes down quick if you have it on vibrate. Also, you have to put the phone earpiece on your ear in the right place or you can't hear the other person. I never used the ugly headset. Just don't buy this [...]

I thought it was a pretty good nuts and bolts phone.room for improvement.1. speaker needs to be louder.2. the headset of all things shouldn't sound like a tin can.My phone died after 2 months.  I found condensation on the inside.  I work in and outside alot but the phone never got wet.  I have to believe it was the condensation that killed it.  The interior of the phone is not sealed.

How do I start ?OK, let me just start by saying that If I were the handset test engineer for this product, I would have hung myself for passing off this substandard handset through the Quality Assurance process.T-Mobile let me upgrade my old Sony Ericsson T-610 with this crap. Good Reception and a decent camera are the only redeemable features. Voice quality sucks. It is inaudible even when there is pin drop silence in the surroundings. Switching over to the Loudspeaker blurrs the audio. No Bluetooth connectivity. Headset quality is poor. This handset doesnt seem to have any games as well. The screen fonts are archiac and tasteless.The Address book has different options for a new contact, such as Home, Cell, Work and General. By default a new contact number will be stored as General. Will somebody tell me what a General phone is ? Additionally, you can have any number of Mobile / Home/ Work numbers for a single contact and this crap wont even throw up an error message. Further, when you click on the name of a contact, his/her name appears twice in the next screen along with the phone number. Why should the name appear twice? What a waste of memory!! Also, it is painful to see "My Album" and "My Journal" being listed as defaults in the contact list.The Call listing feature is pathetic. If you want to see your recent call list, you will have to click three different buttons: One for the calls you placed, one for the calls you've received and one for the calls you've missed.Suppose you add a new number to your contact list, the call list does not automatically update the new contact. So the call list will continue to show the numbers instead of the contact name.Further, if you set your phone on the 'Silent' mode and would like to change it to Normal, you actually get a whole bunch of options including 'Silent'. Why does anybody want to switch from Silent mode again to Silent mode!! If you examine the handset you will find numerous such instances of redundancy and memory wastage. The programmers who developed the software for this handset ought to be fired!Additionally, the key pad is not user friendly. The Sent messages item does not save any of your sent messages by default. Furthermore, when you type a message you wont know how to enter the special characters since the screen does not offer you any clue. You will have to figure your way out. Let me give out the secret. You will have to press the * key to enter any special character.Not worth upgrading to this phone and definately not worth buying. You probably are better off with other phones.

Just got this phone for my wife. She is "technically challenged" so this phone is great for her. It has large numbers making it easy for her to call people. The on/off buttons are colored green/red so she can easily figure out how to turn it on/off. The display is clear and bright with simple icons making it easy for her to select the phonebook and pick out the names of people to call. With her previous phone, she could never figure that part out, and typed every number each time she called someone. I only give this phone 4 stars however since the builtin camera and FM radio present major challenges for her and I have serious doubts that she will ever figure out how to use them. Nokia should make a phone that a complete idiot can use, then I would not need to do tech support. Thank god for the Apple iMac and iSync as well, since this allows her to update and sync the phonebook.

If you're already accustomed to Nokia phones you can probably ignore this review.  If you've used other phones, buyer beware . . .I've used an older Samsung phone for the past five years.  Archaic in terms of current features.  Then I upgraded and even changed providers.  My first new phone was a Samsung E335.  It was easy to use, the screens were crisp and clear, and it accepted standard accessories (e.g. a 2.5mm headset).  Unfortunately, I was forced to change it because Samsung, according to a T-Mobile rep, has only recently begun to use internal antennas (which the 335 has) and the phone just has far too weak a signal for my needs.So then came the Nokia 6101.  It has fantastic reception.  And it's about as intuitive to use, at times, as DOS or Windows 3.1.  Menu items are not logically placed and it frequently takes multiple buttons to get to a single feature.  The navigation buttons at the top are frustrating to use.  They basically consist of a square within a square.  This frequently results in hitting the wrong button.  The screens, while working fine, are also not nearly as clear as what I've seen on other phones I've used.After using the Samsung E335 (and phones others own - an older C225 and an unknown Motorola) I feel like I'm walking through quicksand to get where I'm going.  This perception was further confirmed by Consumer Reports which recently rated several dozen phones . . . they ranked Samsung, Motorola and other phones as being "very good" in terms of ease of use while they only ranked Nokia "good."  Wished I had seen the article before purchasing!Perhaps one of the most annoying aspects of this phone is Nokia's proprietery accessory connection.  You can't just go down to the eletronics store or dept. and pick up any ol' 2.5mm headset.  You have to have one that works specifically with Nokia.  If you're into the kind with an expandable mike that comes around your face (the kind you might see operators or telemarketers using) you might be out of luck.  I've yet to find one that will fit the 6101.On the good side, I get access to FM radio, a feature I really really wanted.  As for the low-res video, I didn't really need it.  The camera is just average.  This phone also has tri-band coverage which makes it fairly flexible.  Still, I'm not sure if this phone is worth the hassle.  If I had found a Samsung or Motorola that had the features and price I had wanted I would get rid of the 6101 in a heartbeat.

I've had the Nokia 6101 for about a week. It operates well and has good reception. Voice mail and e-mail are easy to use. Overall, I'm pleased.Pros:* The unit is small and very light. It comes with a lithium ion battery that can take a charge any time (does not require a full discharge to preserve battery life like older NiCad batteries).* The keys are large and easy to use. The menu system is highly configurable. Shortcuts are easy to set up.* You can send and receive text or pictures to/from anyone with an e-mail address.* Besides e-mail, the phone has an infrared port, so users can exchange info with a PC directly via wireless infrared (no cable is necessary).* Reception and voice quality are acceptable. The handset has acceptable volume and the volume is adjustable.* The phone comes with a bunch of nifty extras like a voice recorder, a stopwatch, FM radio, and a camera (stills and moving video).Cons:* The camera works well in standard or bright light, but it's not good at low light levels. Also, it doesn't have a zoom. So I would say the Nokia 6101 camera is substandard compared to most cameras in phones and most digital cameras.* After you stop pressing keys, the phone's lighted screen stays on between 10 seconds and 30 seconds depending on your menu level. Then everything goes black. You have to push a key (any key) to get the light back on. There is no way to adjust this (that I have found). This is a nuisance when you're learning how to use the phone, but it's not a big deal when you're familiar with the menus and quickly clicking through the various menus.I have read comments here that say the phone is cheaply made, or is cheap looking. I disagree. It has a sleek silver and black outer case, and it seems reasonably sturdy. The buttons have a nice firm feel. But of course, it is a tiny lightweight phone (only 3.4 ounces). The casing is made of thin plastic and (I suppose) the back cover flanges could crack if the back cover were to be removed roughly or forced incorrectly into position. So...um... Don't do that. The phone should hold up well to standard handling.It works as advertised. It was worth the price. I'm satisfied.

I received this phone yesterday and just couldn't wait to use it based on past great experices with other Nokia phone.However.....After the first couple hours of exploring it.....I found this "cool" Nokia flip phone has poor sound quality while I was driving on the highway.....I tried to talk to friends both with and without headset.....they couldn't hear me that well....not as my old Sanyo 8100, which has perfect crystal clear sound even I was driving during the windy days....it doesn't have anything to do with the reception (as other Nokia phones, the reception is great), everyone I asked all responded that I should get a different phone....If you normally don't use the phone while you're driving....then this is a great phone to have but if you're a person like me who like to talk to friends even when you're on freeway.....please think twice.....

Of the several cell phones I've owned over the years, I've always got the best service out of the Nokia brand phones.  Particularly in areas where the signal is low, they always seem to pull the best reception without dropping calls.  The 6101 is no exception.With the flip design, you are able to get the earpiece closer to your ear - which makes it easier to hear the callers voice than a non-flip style phone.  The display is bright and easy to see - even in bright light. The speakerphone seems louder than previous Nokias I've owned.  The camera works well.  All other functions feel identical to the non-flip Nokias.The construction of the phone seems more solid than most flip phones.  So far I have dropped my 6101 on concrete, and a tiled bathroom floor without a crack in the case, or even a scratch.The only thing I find disappointing is the ringer selection with my T-Mobile model.  I would rather have a standard ringer than a "noise" or song, but that doesn't seem to exist on what is pre-installed.

this was my first t-mobile to go phone, thought it was great for the first 2 months then things started wrong with it camera was first then it started saying memory was full, i deleted stuff but no use, so took took it back. Once again another CRAPYPhone by Nokia. DONT BUY THIS PHONE , not worth the money.

I got this phone knowing some of the bad reviews. Being my first cell phone. I didn't think I'd mind so much. At first it was great, perfect for me.However, 4mb of memory is so little... all the features get more annoying.It serves my needs still until I can upgrade. Now starts to freeze...I do like the size, and menus (they aren't THAT bad to navigate) and displays are nice to customize. It isn't a terrible phone, but not great.ALL PHONES have their quirks people range so much in reviews... and any phone can die even the best always a few rotten apples in the bunch. This phone was good for me as a first cell phone when I didn't need all the features and memory I would like now...So I won't knock more stars off because I outgrew it, but it does have it's issues and annoyances. Definitely not a phone for more advanced users or people who like features, and as for FM radio cool idea I used to use it... but since getting an MP3 player really haven't touched that feature.

This phone is awesome and has great features!! I have had it for a year and it hasn't given me a problem ONCE!! The ringtones are AWESOME!! The camers quality is great and it has cool games that are fun that you can order. This phone really lets you show your style with features that let you pick your phone colors and online shopping for ringtones and wallpaper! It lets you adjust the phone volume AND ringtone volume to your liking and the t-zones online shop has all the best artists and songs that gets everyone dancing, like Rihanna, Chamillionare and A LOT MORE!!!! So, if you want a reliable phone that lets you personalize and just be you, with so many cheap plans to choose from, then you should get the Nokia 6101 Phone ( which is T-Mobile of course!) because it's the best!!

I LOVE THIS PHONE!  I got this phone to replace the Nokia 3220, which I couldn't stand (awful design in using the menu) and it hasn't disappointed me.  The phone isn't too small, nor too big.  The display is easy to read, the keypad numbers are nice and big.  Reception is the usual Nokia best there is to be had (for TMobile anyway).  Speaker phone is great, as is radio, menu + functionability is really user friendly.  My only complaint is that  the volumne is low when using the phone without a headset or speaker phone.  If you move the phone around on your ear, you can hit just the right spot where it's better, but this is a problem I've seen with every Nokia phone I've had and this is my 3rd or 4th.  Overall, I am totally pleased with this phone and much relieved after that awful 3220!

I HAVE HAD THIS CELL PHONE FOR ABOUT A MONTH. I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT YET AND DONT HOPE TO. THIS IS MY SECOND CELLPHONE, AND IT IS MUCH BETTER THAN MY SONY ERICSON T637. I DID NOT GET THIS PHONE ON AMAZON, I WOULD NOT PAY SOO MUCH ON THIS SITE FOR THIS PHONE. I GOT MY 6101 FOR FREE FROM WALMART, YES WALMART YOU'D THINK THEY DONT HAVE GOOD PHONES BUT THEY DO.PROSGREAT RECEPTION ( TMOBILE IS GREAT)LOUD SPEAKERPHONEVOICE RECORED (WHICH YOU CAN USE AS A RINGTONE)VIDEO RECORDERPREETY GOOD CAMERA ( BETTER THAN MY SONY ERICSON)LOUD RINGTONESLARGE SCREENSLARGE KEYPADEASY NAVIGATION, EASY TO USECONSLIGHT TURNS OFF AFTER LIKE 15 SEC AND THERES NO WAY TO CHANGE IT, ANNOYING AT TIMES.DOESNT FEEL THAT DURABLE, BUT DOESNT FEEL FRAGIL SO I GOT A CASE FOR MINE JUST IN CASE.YOU HAVE TO PRESS LIKE 6 KEYS BEFORE YOU GET TO THE SILENT BUTTONTHE INTERNAL SCREEN DOES NOT RESET ITSELF AFTER YOU CLOSE THE PHONE, THE SCREEN IS THE SAME AFTER YOU OPEN IT LIKE 2 HOURS LATER WHICH IS VERY VERY ANNOYINGALL IN ALL THIS IS A GREAT BEGINNER PHONE (FOR THE PRICE I GOT IT FOR.)

This is my 3rd Nokia phone. My first two phones were the candybar style, then I tried the V300 from Motorola, then decided to give Nokia another try. The Nokia/T-Mobile combination is the best by far. I have notice a great improvement in clarity since switching from my Motorola. I had AT&T; (Cingular) with my two Nokia candybar phones so I definitely think T-Mobile and Nokia together make a difference.Likes:-Easy to use buttons-Camera with night mode-Large display-Sleek designDislikes:-Handsfree headset that came with it (I can always hear an echo, maybe I'm not using it right?)-Video (does not have night mode so videos are dark)-Ringtones (limited selection)-Hard to see missed calls or received messages on outside display. There's a tiny little icon but if the display is not lit up then its hard to see it.Haven't tried the FM radio yet so I can't comment on that feature.Overall, I am pretty happy with the phone. I had a problem a week ago where on some of my outgoing calls, the volume would drop and people would sound far away so I called T-Mobile and they "reset" my phone so it would find the nearest tower. The issue has only happened once since then so I'm still in the process of troubleshooting to see if it's my SIM card or the phone itself.

I upgraded my phone two months ago from a Motorola V300 to this model because I wanted a radio and a larger keypad. After one month, the radio no longer worked, the battery dies when it claims to be fully charged, it takes three tries to get it to connect when making a call, and sometimes the phone just freaks out and resets itself while you're in the middle of texting or surfing the web. It's flimsy. I've had my V300 for two years and everything still works on it. The Nokia 6101 has a lot of issues.

I would've given this phone a 3 and a half stars if it gave me the choice.I think this is my 7th phone or so and I mean, it's pretty good for what it's suppose to do.  Come on, people, this is a phone. If you want a MP3 player, get an MP3 player... if you want a camera.. get a camera. For its intended use, this is a pretty decent phone. I will be making some comparisons with some of my older phones in the review so judge for yourself.PROS:1. Good reception- Nokia has always been known for its good reception and awesome battery life. Well, this one doesn't fall short from the rest. I am able to hear clearly and not drop a call at all even in places where I have one bar to no bars. In fact, my Samsung E715 phone.. would even drop a call around places where it had two bars.2. Good battery life- Like I said before, Nokia is known for their battery life. I had a Nokia 6800 and the battery life on that phone was pretty good too but it doesn't seem to be as good as this phone. I had talked on the phone for over an hour the first day and left it laying around for 3-4 days and only then did the battery bar drop one bar.3. The price on this phone is excellent. Where could you find such a deal for a camera... video playback, speaker phone?4. The speakerphone function is actually not too bad. If you are in a decently quiet room with some background noise, you can hear your caller just fine. I don't know why you would be on speakerphone when you are out in a crowded place... You don't have Nextel or Boost Mobile.. this is T-mobile we're talking about. and if you cannot even hear a caller well under such conditions, maybe it's not the phone that is the problem.5. The ringtones that come with the phoone is actually decent. I actually enjoyed some of them.. And just to clarify.. THIS PHONE IS NOT A MP3 PLAYER. It can play MP3 ringtones.. but in no means is this to be used like an ipod. If you want an ipod that badly.. then get an ipod!6. It's a pretty good job by Nokia considering it is their first flip phone. It seems pretty sturdy.. unless you are going to drop it a hundred times. But no phone is going to survive that kind of brutality.7. Good thing about T-Mobile phones is that they give you a free headset with the phone. This helps tremendously since you cannot listen to the radio without the headset.CONS:1. Like many people have stated before.. the memory on this phone sucks. I think it has about 3MB or so for you to use.. which really isn't much. But if you're not going to be downloading a hundred things onto your phone, it's not a big deal. And if you really really need to download a bunch of games so you can play it everywhere you go, you might as well get a gameboy or a PSP.2. The annoying Nokia tone and t-mobile tone cannot be deleted in the ringtones section. Everything else that comes with it can be deleted. but it's those two annoying tones you are pretty much unable to delete.3. The T-zones button gets hit really easily. I don't know what it is or if anyone else has had this problem. But there are tons of times where I go to open the flip after closing it for a while.. and for some reason.. it's on the t-zones page. I think the problem with that is the button to select t-zones is so close to the edge that when you close the flip, it's easy to trigger it.4. No bluetooth! For a phone jammed packed with stuff, there is no bluetooth whatsoever. I've never had a bluetooth phone so it may not matter to me but for those of you who cannot live without bluetooth.. this isn't the phone for you.5. There are just somethings about the design of the phone that does not make sense to me. First of all, if you want to set a caller ID for someone after you have taken the picture, you cannot just simply go to the picture and set it.. you have to go to the contact name and add the detail in. This is annoying since with all my previous camera phones, you can just go to the picture you want and select from there. Also, like someone else said, there is no button that goes straight to vibrate. The # sign and the * sign don't even put this phone to silent, which is pretty annoying.6. EDIT: I have now just downloaded some ringtones from the t-zones section. Just a warning to everyone.. the ringtones that I downloaded sound absolutely horrible. It hurt my ears to listen to them. And it's about 2 bucks for one ringtone. So do not use t-zones to download ringtones.7. Unlike many other Nokia phones, this Nokia does not have those awesome changeable faceplates. In fact, if you do what to change the faceplate for the phone, you'd probably have to get it off of Ebay and it requires you to use a T6 screwdriver in order to change it.. not worth the hassle.Overall, don't be fooled by some of the negative reviews you read. Sure, this phone has its flaws.. but so do every other phone. The thing to remember is that this is suppose to be a cell phone and not a all-in-one kind of deal. The camera is decent for a camera phone. Not the best I've had but good enough. And so far, I am pretty satisfied with it.

I have this phone and I like it.Pros:Mp3 playerFM radiogood receptioncamera with videocolor screensInfaredBattery LifeCons:No AM radioLimited memoryNo radio without headset

I don't really need much in my phone, so this phone is great...it makes calls ;). What I really like about it is the GREAT battery life. I've had it for over a year and on a full battery it lasts for a good 2-3 days. This is a great simple phone.

I just purchased this phone one month back. I am Nokia Phone fan. I had last three Nokia phone. This was my First Flip phone and I was excited to find out Nokia came out with Flip Phone. My Excitement died out in one month after I used it extensively. This phone disappointed me from my earlier Nokia 3650 and 3660. If I have choice now I would like to trade this phone with Nokia 3660. Here is the reason1) This phone says it plays mp3 but what's point if it does not have enough storage. This phone comes with 4mb RAM out of which 2.0 MB is already used by default so you are left with 2 MB.2) Searching for contact in phone book is very slow. You might wonder how does it going to affect but believe me if you are driving it does matters a lot. After you press phone book and want to search name with S it does not come up as you keep pressing PQRS. Also it does not show all the name starting with last name and first name with (S) it only shows which start with S. So if you want to search John Watt and if you press W it will not list John Watt you will have to press J which was not problem in 3660.3) Now even if you get your name like John Watt from your contact by pressing J and if you press talk it will automatically dials default number. If this name has multiple numbers like Office, Home, Cell you will not get an option to choose number to dial which I love in 3660 and 3650. You will have to select view and then select number.4) I purchased this phone so that I can hear FM radio in office. Reception of this phone is very poor and there is lot of noise so no point of FM radio.5) No blue Tooth so I can not use blue Tooth Head phone.Here are some plus for this phoneLarge screen, good phone reception that's it.From all of the above most of all feature which this phone claim are useless either due to lack of storage or poor radio performance.This time Nokia disappointed me and Nokia needs to improve a lot in flip phone. Hope Nokia will come with better phone in flip version.

I read all reviews here before I bought this phone. After I read the review I did have some concern since some reviews are really not good.Finally I still decided to get one because I trust Nokia.Now I have used this phone for three months, I LOVE IT Absolutely. Now I'd like to give my own comments.First of all, some reviews are really NOT reasonable, they complain there's no bluetooth on this phone, come on, before you buy, you should know this is NOT a bluetooth phone, right? then why complain? You also can complain this is not a PDA phone even there's bluetooth.This phone is not metal finished, so comared with a metal-finished phone, it looks like it's not that good, but this phone is well made. I used it for three months, it's still like new, no chipping off.This phone's voice quality and volume is good. Some guy complain it's not clear. Actually you need to put this phone on the right position, not too below your ear, then everything it's ok. We all get used to our own phones, after you buy a new phone, you need to adjust your habbit a little. After several days use, I can put the phone on the right position without any problem.Some guy complained this phone is difficult to use, for example, he need to press 6 times to reach 'silent' option. This is absolutely wrong. That's only original setting. This phone provide quite flexible personalized menu button option. You can re-define those button's funtion. It's very useful.Your can re-define those 4 navigation button (left,right,up, down) to any funtion you like so they provide 1-click access. For example, I define my 4 buttons as 'alarm clock, calculator, games,phone book'. You also can refine that "Goto" menu, both the contents and order. I define my 'goto' menu as 'meeting, normal, missed call, recevied calls....' since these are frequent function I use. You even can define that 'exit' button ( the button just on the right bottom of the screen) which seldom phones provide re-define for it. After you take a while to define these buttons, you will feel this phone is just right and convinient for you.Don't feel reception problem.The alarm clock funtion is fantastic. It provides 'graduate' wake up which means it increases the alarm sound gradually so that you won't be shocked. Plus I define it as 1-click funtion, now this is my favorite alarm clock. Easy to set.gentle for use.Image and video quality are vivid. Radio function is excellent.Then why don't I give it 5 star rating?Radio function need headset be pluged even you want to listen it from speaker. This is at least inconvient to me since I seldom bring the headset.Background light always turns off automatically if you don't press any key for several seconds. I can't find any way to make it on constantly.This is really inconvient, sometimes I can't keep pressing key since I'm reading the games help or just look at those pictures.BTW, I bought it from TMOBILE prepaid and then unlock it easily myself. I found the shortcut menu to "voice mail box" still stick to the prepaid phone number. THere's no way to change it. so now if I want to listen to my mail box, I have to dial my phone number, not just press "voice mail" menu.

I did a thorough search in Nov. 2005 and examined many phones and service providers before selecting "Nokia 6101" and T-mobile. Other providers did not have the flexibility with the prepaid system to meet my needs. This phone has everything I was looking for and it is easy to operate and use. I love the camera and video which are easy to operate. I quickly grasped the "how tos" on making, receiving calls, and text messaging.You can store 16 MB of information, send photos via email to friends and create photo albums. The text messaging system is super! The Voice Mail was a bit complicated to set up due to my lack of experience and discomfort with all this high tech equipment. I used up minutes unnecessarily listening to the T-mobile prompt telling me about Voice Mail until I realized it was an "information only" call. It dawned on me that I had to read and reread the manual which was not enough so I finally went to the Nokia and T-mobile websites for more detailed precise directions. I finally got it right!The SIMS chip placement was straight forward, no difficulty with the battery either. Activating the phone and receiving my phone number was a cinch! However getting my 1000 minutes to upload *was* a bit of a hassle, I bought a card which could not be directly uploaded. The help number at T-mobile set me straight. I am not locked into a monthly plan but choose to prepay minutes. I found T-mobile offers the most convenient method and options for obtaining 1000 minutes which last a whole year and whatever you don't use rolls over when you buy the next 1000 minutes. {I do not talk all that much but need the phone for safety and short interval calls.] Other service providers had more complicated methods of buying and using minutes, with a lot of add-on costs.  It is so easy! I love the phone! I am enjoying the extra features more than I imagined. It is not *just* a phone - it is a communication device that makes me feel connected to the world. This phone works best for me. [Planning next to buy the headset to use the FM Radio ...] Erika BOrsos (erikab93)

This review comes after a full month of hunting through the phone trying to figure things out.  And secondly, I'm using this phone coming from a Motorala V300.Pros:Phone is light and easy to carry.When in a menu if you close and reopen the phone, your position is saved.  I kind of like this.Love the Voice Message (not voicemail, but 1 minute messages you can send to users)Radio quality is nice.Emoticons available for text messaging.Cons:About the other users that claim that the sound quality is bad or that it is hard to hear:  I must say, you do need to carefully position the speaker to your ear.Loudspeaker quality was somewhat lacking and could be louder (but I don't really use speaker phone much).  MP3 ring tones transfered from my V300 sound like crap.Screen is also smaller than V300Menu animations are "cartoony" and of lower quality.And my number one pain with this phone: NO IN CALL TIMER????  Please, someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I've searched and searched and found nothing.  Is this phone only for the rich?  Some of us need to know how long we've been on the phone during a call.All in all, a phone is a phone.  All depends on what you do with it.  If you're coming from a V300 like myself, you may want to look for another phone.  But, it's acceptable for me.

This phone sucks. Your likelihood of brain cancer will be greatly increased with this phone because the ear plug comes unplugged all the time and in the end, you don't even bother to use the ear plug. Terrible design! Don't know how they could make such a bad design!

If you are looking for a phone with lots of cool features this one is not for you.PROs- Great reception- Looks niceCONs- No Bluetooth- Average camera

I just wanted to leave a comment to the user who said you coudln't get faceplates for this phone and if you did you'd have to use a tool to take the phone apart and what not, this is not so, You can get snap on faceplates which require no tools at all.

I bought this phone in March of 2006 and had to have it replaced in June 2006 because it just simply died. The replacement phone is no better, the charger works for about 3 weeks and then you have no other choice but to purchase another because it just simply stops working. I am so disappointed with this phone and I do not recommend that your waste you money on it. I am sorry that I did.

I got this phone from T-mobile for free last week. I tried to find out how to make sound lounder. I barely hear when I talk on the phone. I went back to the store to find out what's wrong with it and they said it's normal. It's easy to tell that this phone is lower than normal if you compare with another cell phone in the same price. So far this phone on froze 4 times. I'm thinking to take it back with in this week. I would rather pay more money to get a phone that you can hear when you talk and don't have to take battery out when the screen is frozen.

I like this phone. It's my first camera phone, so I don't have too much to compare it to. The picture quality is ok, but it is a camera PHONE.

Much better reception than the one I replaced - Nokia 3595.  I got no bar with 3595 but 4 bars with 6101.  Camera is OK, just a VGA. The clock digits on the front panel is too small though. New battery runs 7 days on standby.
