
I order the phone and i did received exactly what they mention but once i charged and tried to use it one part of the ear speaker fall off then i couldn't receive any calls, i tried from a diferent phones to call the Motorola Ming and just never went trought, does it make calls but not received, I filed the required form to get refound and i end up paying 12.35 for the mail to send the defective phone back to the seller, so if i add the 5.02 i paid for shipping i end up paying 17.35 just for nothing

This phone has lots of features but also has problems.  The software is a bit buggy, my calendar alarm started going off ever 30 minutes and the only way to stop it was resetting my entire phone (losing all changes).  Tech support guy at motorola was abrasive and didn't know much - But then that is not unusual for phone tech support.  The phone emits an emf squeal picked up by most computers, stereos and tv's that are nearby about every 15 minutes.  If you use your phone as a watch you will miss not having the time displayed in a little exterior window and of course it is incapable of surfing the internet using wireless networking.  If you are looking to bundle a phone and pda in one unit with a clamshell design there really isn't anything else out there so I guess that makes this unit #1 in it's class.  And at least you have a choice of phone providers without the manufacturer bricking you for choosing the wrong one.

I've own this phone for about a year now and now I'm looking for a replacement. I absolutely can't stand the phone.CON 1:Texting is ridiculously hard. There are 2 ways to text. Using an onscreen QWERTY keyboard, or using the onscreen writing recognition ability. The Recognition really is a great idea and fun at first, but I find that it almost never can accurately recognize a full word. I have to write in all caps in order for it to distinguish letters well. a o e u p all get mistaken. ! = i. So I have to rely on caps, which I don't like writing in. And even then it is prone to errors. Sure you will wow people when you show them the ability, but its kind of impractical to actually use. The other way to text is with a QWERTY keyboard onscreen. Howerver, the each letter is about the size of the stylus, which means you have to use the stylus in order to accurately text. Even a childs thumb would be too big to accurately press the keys. Which brings me to my next point:Con 2:The stylus. Yes the stylus inclusion is nice, especially since its almost required. It has a nice extending ability so that it fits in the phone but can be extended to better fit in your hand. Sadly I lost mine, which is really not that hard because it is kind of slippery and has no real grip. So i figured, no big deal, I'll buy a new one. Sadly, because the phone is not offered in the US, the stylus's are not either, so you can't buy the right one. I tried a few different ones, such as DS's, but none fit into the slot correctly. I found ones to order over seas but it would cost me almost [...] bucks for a 20 cent product.... So now I have to use the phone with my fingers, which is next to impossible. My main purpose of the phone is texting, which like I said is hard without the stylus, so I often find myself wanting to send long texts but too lazy to put forth the effort to do so.Cont 3: The Voice Dialing is too easy to activate. Its just a button on the side that you press if the phones open. Sometiems when I'm using my phone I accidently push it which starts up a loud and annoying speech. PLEASE SAY A COMMAND! PLEASE SAY A COMMAND! DID YOU SAY DAD? DID YOU SAY DAD? Its extremely embarsing when it goes off. It should really require a double click or something to go off.Con 4: The vibration is iffy. Sometimes I can barely feel it vibrate in my had.Con 5: Cheep. If I drop it, the battery cover pops off, the battery flies out, etc. And I really don't drop it that much. The clear screen has a large crack in it. The silver siding has peeled. My phone within a few months looked like it was years old. At least it has a protector over the touch screen! Plus now the flip cover flies open and is very loose.Con 6:Smudges. Most touchscreen devices are like this but the screen gets really gross looking. They should at least provide a cloth...Con 7: The charger. It comes with a wall charger, but I did something dumb and broke it... which I don't blame them for, however, again I can't get the charge in the us. I have to order it overseas... So now I rely on the usb charger which is a pain when I want to plug it in at night and talk to my girlfriend in bed.Con 8: Low battery. All I do is text. I don't call much, I don't play games or use the internet at all. I just text, and yet I have to charge the thing almost daily. The vibrations kill the battery. And I think the system itself is just draining resources and battery life.Pros:Copy Paste Select All abilities. Makes texting and typing easier.Texts open in separate windows, as do programs. You can keep several things running at once without noticing a slow down.Good calendar system.Excellent sound quality and signal with AT&T.; I've used 3 phones including this one in my area which has a weak AT&T; coverage and the other phones were not able to hold calls well and lost connection a lot. But this phone gives me signal in areas I never could before. And its always crystal clear. Its something I really love about this phone.Its cool. Every time I pull it out in public, I get, is that a phone? Can I see it? Thats so cool. They love the clear cover. And I love the attention. Sadly it does not function up to its appearance.

This phone is very easy to use,the best phone i've ever had.No english manual but i still figured it out easily.Go get one people,you wont regret it.

It's actually a Linux (yes, it's Linux!!!!) based smart phone. With the help of a 312MHz Intel XScale processor, all software is running pretty fast. Even 3D applications work smoothly because of the Mobile 3D Graphics API provided by this phone. A1200 supports doc, xls, ppt, HTML and pdf files, as well as various picture formats (JPEG, PNG, GIF and WBMP). The realplayer in this phone could play MP3, WMA, RealAudio, MIDI, WAV, AAC and AMR in the background and RMVB, MPEG4, 3GP in full screen mode. And I heard that there even exists a GPS software you can download online for A1200. To sum up, you shouldn't miss Motorola A1200. It's definitely a good choice.

My experince with a1200 have only one problem that Motorola have to fix. Battery has not good performance, it's only for 2, max 3 days. Also, when it's going low, you don't have to much time or chance to get charge until total discharge.The heahset button didn't work, I wonder if it happends with otherOtherwise, every aplication is practical, linux is easy, good cel

The phone and its capabilities are perfect and then some but the few options that are not compatible with our(US) network is a slight downer. For what's it's worth though it is still definitely a great buy.

This phone is pretty awesome, especially considering the low price for a touchscreen phone. The touch screen is nice and has a stylus that comes with. I usually use my finger unless i'm typing a text message. very beautiful phone and interface. would recommend to all. The plug for the charger is a mini usb so it's compatible with many plugs. The box comes with a usb cord, charger, european plug adapter, stereo headphones with a mic, and two software cd's.

This phone is simply awesome.  Its like having a phone, a MP3 player and a PDA all in one.  The resolution is sharp and clear.  What I like most about it is the business card capture feature.  Its so amazing because the phone captures the information from a business card 99% of the time and allows you to store it in the address book.  Another great feature is the ability to listen to my local radio stations.  Best of all is I can download my own MP3 files and listen to music whenever I want without need to carry a separate MP3 player.  Its easy to use and understand.  I definitely recommend this phone.

Good phone, as expected. Strange thing about accessories it is that headphone jack does not fit into phone socket, it is simply larger and for a different model.

This phone was a gift for my daughter and she loves it.  She thinks it's cool and easy to use.  She enjoys it very much.

I bought this phone for my son and he loves it.  The features are great.

Although I am not a Motorola fun I must admit that his is an excellent phone.  It is easy to use and you do not even need toread te instructions book to learn it.It is different to most other phones as it has a touch screen that you have to use your fingers or the (included) stylus to dial a number or use he menu.  The software is quite user friendly and there is an option to always have the dial numbers on the screen, a function that is quite useful.The pros-long lasting battery-blutooth actually works very well-easy menu and easy to use-top quality screenthe cons-some of the menu requires the use of the stylus or very precise fingers-camera is not as quick in capturing images-only two languages, english and chinese (both mandarin and cantonese)Overall the cons have little significance if you compare them with th positives of the phone.Lastly the design is stunning and if you like flip phones then this could the right one for you

This is a very nice phone, which only i could state against the fact of having to turn it off to charge the battery .That's despite i haven't started playing around with all the customization software that's hanging around.Of course, i spent the first 10 minutes trying to change the default language from chinese to english .Pablo .

Love this phone...does everything, and easier than my former Pearl, and my husband's Treo 380.  Great customer service via Motorola for Q/A. ...Easy set-up.  Timely shipping from Amazon.  No regrets trading in my Razor and Pearl on this phone.  Hope it's in the U.S. cell phone companies soon.  Bought another on EBay as a Christmas gift for a techie nephew, and he loves it too.  Has rubberized outer coating and it doesn't slip on surfaces easily.  Battery charge OK, lasts 24 hours with lots of talk time, but it's easy to keep charged between car and home.

I've had this cell phone for two months now, and I can say that this is a great phone, with a couple significant flaws. I've been looking for a cheap smart phone for some time, and I have to say this phone meets my basic needs.Pros:- Good looking design, as expected from Motorola- Great versatility. It's many functions add value to the phone. It has everything I was looking for (except full email sync with your computer email client). 2 MP still/video camera, media player (RealPlayer), FM Radio, calendar, bluetooth, web browser, document reader, ... the works.- Linux OS, with Java enabled, which opens a world of possibilities. There are a lot of great Java apps designed for this phone on the internet. Is just a matter of looking for them. My first downloads were the Gmail app (gmail on my phone!) and the Opera Web browser, which is great.- Micro SD slot.- The Real Player is great, it plays most media file formats. And I bought a 2 GB memory card, so it's like having a music player as well.- Quad band, so you can roam almost anywhere.Now, the Cons:- Big con #1: Miserable battery life. I use the phone a lot (for calling, web browsing and it's other functions), and I have to recharge the phone every other day. Thankfully, it comes with the USB cable to connect with a PC, and after loading Motorola Phone Tools, you can charge it via the USB ports of your PC. It's been a life saver at work. This is a major flaw by Motorola. If you are gonna cram so many functions on a phone, you might as well bundle it with a larger capacity battery.- Big con #2: Not so great processing speed. After I read a couple of the reviews here, I though the phone would be blazing fast because of the processor and all, but let me say that I am quite disappointed at it. For example, after placing a call, the phone takes like 2 to 4 seconds to end the call and return to the normal screen. Or after quiting the internet browser, it freezes for 2 to 4 second when it's closing the GPRS connection. Also, the Real Player takes some seconds when it loads a file. It may seem that I'm being a little whiny, but after some time it really gets annoying, specially if you are in a hurry.- The camera, being 2 MP and all, is not so good. You need to have a steady hand, or else you are gonna get a lot of blurry pictures (and the worst part is, if you download the images to your Windows PC, you cannot modify them, because they are transferred as Read-Only, and you cannot just change this on the file's properties. I'm guessing it's something of Linux permissions. I'm still going to look into that). And the video quality is not great as well. I got better videos with my old SE Z520a, which BTW, look great on the A1200's screen.- No full email sync support.- Finally, the screen is a dirt magnet. I have to clean the phone's screen every now and then, partially because I have a very oily face.Although I'm giving 3 stars, I have to say I'm happy with the A1200. Besides those 2 major flaws, the phone is cheap in comparison with other smart phones and has a lot of functions that make it a great every day tool for communication, organizing and entertainment.

The phone is a really nice looking phone that I am glad to say I own mainly because no one else I know has it. I'm unable to give reviews on its processing speed venturing online since I do not use that feature very much where I am here in Europe but the main thing that breaks my heart about this phone is that it is not text friendly. Because of that I will have to get me another phone. The touch screen is great but the qwerty pad on the screen has very very tiny letters which slows down the process.Also the camera is very sensitive to movement while taking pictures but I'm pleased with video recording on it because I'm able to record videos on it up to 30 minutes if I wanted to. I would say it's a decent smart phone but my main reason for 3 stars is the qwerty on it. other than that I will continue to use this phone for other reasons.

The phone is fine, but the service was excellent.I was impressed that a refund was processed so seamlessly and so quickly; customer satisfaction is obviously your major concern...as it should be!Thanks very much.Carlos G. SANTOS

Fast shipping...the only issue that i had with this mobile is the menu came in chinesse!!...And i had to spend hours trying to decode the menu...besides that, everything ok....

It has terrible battery life. My cell phone last only 6 hours and I have to recharge it. I do not recommend this cell phone to anyone although it has nice graphic and easy-to-use programs. What could we do with short battery life?

the Motorola Ming is an AMAZING phone, but to everyone out there who texts at all, this is not the best phone for you.. I had this for 2 days and finally decided to take it back and get a different phone with a keypad. Other than the texting though, its an amazing phone

This is the WORST phone I have EVER used.Short battery lifeRandomly scrolls through menus in cold weatherSends random blank text message to itself after voice mail is checkedRandomly turns offWhen it is turned back on, all ringtones resetNo backup keys for when the screen goes bad - and it does go bad.  the display on the screen randomly moves over or down rendering half of the display unusable.Keyboard too small to use while moving.Poor sound quality - A LOT of background noiseDoes not hold a signal - literally signal goes to 1 bar whith active line, hang up and watch the signal go to full bars instantly...Notification for voice mail does not go away after messages are checked - needs to be cleared manually.First I thought it was just a lemon, so I returned it and got another... The second phone produced the same results.  I'm throwing mine in the Hudson.  I recommend a MotoMing Tea Party!

This is a great phone.  No problems so far.  Lots of features.  It can be a little difficult to flip open, but you get used to it and if you are using a headphone you dont have to open it as often.  The only other thing is that I wish the ring volume was a little louder.  It's a unique looking phone and I love the voice command feature!  Great phone!

I love this phone, I'm on my third one, unfortunatly they can't take the abuse I dish out. The computer like interface is so much more intutive than the razor I used to have. The size and feel of this phone is perfect. The only thing that could make it better is wifi and US warranty.

I bought this phone few weeks ago!...First of all the battery life-time sucks!...It doesn't even last 4 continuous hours...In addition, I have such a problem for setting-up the network (T-Mobile)... I called the network and they said I have to call the manufacturer..then called Motorola and they couldn't help me at all suggesting to call my network...at the end...I cannot use the greatest features that this cell phone has... Don't buy it until you are sure your network has support for it!

I got this phone for my husband last year.  He loves it!  Uses it to sync his calendar(outlook) with his computer.  Uses it for a dayplanner and loves the stylus.I would agree it might not be great for texting but we don't do much of that.I think it is the best phone around.  I can't believe it isn't really sold in the USA.  Also since it is unlocked we can use it in Europe(with a different card).

The following are my first impressions.This is the first time I've ever purchased a smart phone.  I just received my A1200 yesterday and all in all I would have to say, I'm very happy.  Aesthetically the phone is very pleasing although it's fair to say that's more of a personal thing.  It also feels good in the hand, smooth to the touch and just the right weight.  The screen is bright and easy to read, I haven't tried it outside while the sun is shining so I'm not sure if the screen will still be as legible.I don't do a tremendous amount of texting, preferring to communicate by voice but I can imagine for those of you who are stalwart two finger texters this phone may be a little problematic.  With that in mind, I would agree with other reviewers this phone may not be well suited to avid texters.When the phone arrived, the display was in Chinese and it took a few minutes to get it to the English setting but it wasn't a big deal.  I also received the European charger with it, someone had put what they thought was an adapter that would fit over the two horizontal prongs at the top of the plug but of course it didn't fit.  Thankfully my old Moto. Razr chargers work just fine.  I also purchased a 1gig SD card.I've had no problems syncing the phone with my PC, I installed the Motorola Phone Tools software, downloaded the updates and off I went. I even managed to download a wav. file and install a new ring tone with no problems at all.  There are quite a few recourses on the web for those of you who wish to change the theme of the phone or the wallpaper, just Google A1200 themes or A1200 wallpaper.The Business Card Reader may cause you some problems, apparently it was set up for more of Chinese style of business card so it may have problems grabbing the address of English style cards, at least that's what the scuttlebutt is on the net.Although I haven't thoroughly investigated all the bells and whistles other reviewers have I've initially given this phone 4 stars because for a user like me, it has everything I need, it looks good, feels good and the voice quality is just fine.

This phone does everything it is advertised to do, simply and quickly.  The biggest problem with it is getting the data applications (email etc) configured for local service. With a little digging you can find all the necessary information on your provider's website (well Cingular/ATT anyhow)  Reception with the phone is amazing, going places where I have had limited cellular reception in the past, I find much better signal strength.

I got this phone from Amazon yesterday. It works great. The screen is incredibly bright and the sound quality from the speaker is very loud and crisp. The interface is very intuitive, although it took me a while to change the screen language from the default Chinese. I am surprised American carriers don't have this phone (as far as I know). It has the full functionality of a PDA with appointments, tasks, notes, contacts etc. The included stylus works great for entering text, with a great handwriting recognition software (although I use the on-screen keyboard because it is faster). Reception seems to be stronger with this phone than the Samsung I previously had. It is thin enough to easily fit into my pants' pocket. I couldn't get my Napster songs to play with the RealPlayer that is included with the phone but I am sure Rhapsody songs would play. Plus, I just started shopping for mp3's from Amazon, which of course play well on this phone. The only complaint I have is with the included synchronization software which is proprietary to most Motorola phones. It took me almost 2 hours to get it to work properly. It is clumsy and sometimes hangs during synchronization. It took a lot of trials for it to finally recognize my phone. I also heard that it is problematic with Office 2007 (I use Office 2003 to synchronize my tasks, calendar and contacts). I had a similar experience with an earlier Motorola phone and it was the exact same software a couple years ago.Besides that, I think it is a great phone, the camera pictures are sharp. I didn't work on the video and card reading capabilities yet, but other reviewers suggested they work mostly fine. I also purchased a 2GB MicroSD card from Amazon (around $25, a great bargain), which also comes with a standard SD adapter, and it allows me to store hundreds of songs and pictures on the phone. All in all, a great price for a phone without a contract, and I very highly recommend it.

Que celular tan malo, la pila no dura ni 4 horas en stand-by, no tiene mucha cobertura, el sistema operativo es engorroso, no se puede colar actualizaciones. En definitiva, el peor celular que he comprado.That cell so bad, the battery does not last 4 hours in stand-by, does not have much coverage, the operating system is cumbersome, you can not cast updates. In short, the worst phone I have bought

I picked up the MotoMing from Amazon and i love the phone it does all that i wanted in the smartphone..e-mail, internet access, pictures, calender and more...couple of problems that came with it though...1)the phone came programed in chinese, took me a while to figure out how to change it to english...2)all access internet links and email links are hong kong based links, not usable for me and the help is not quite good enought to change it, got it figured out with the help of a friends smartphone, checked her settings and aligned mine to similar (not same since we use different carriers)...3)the final problem i have with it is the sensitivity of the touch screen, sometime touching my face is enough to shut off a call, putting a screen protecter on it reduced this sensitivity.....Other then these listed problems i love my Ming, small but complete, it is 1/2 the size of other smart phones, i still use my PDA and can link the two of them with the blue tooth connection.....Hope you find this information helpful....D

This is one of the most innovative and brilliantly put-together phones I've ever used.  I switched to the A1200 after using the Motorola Q for several years.  The A1200 is elegantly-designed, very responsive (which often cannot be said about other Motorola phones), and comes with a tremendous amount of features.  Additionally, because it is linux-based, there is a lot of additional software that can be added to the phone for free, and there are several websites dedicated to "modding," or customizing, the A1200.

Nice phone,I like a lot but ..Yes always a "but"... In the sunlight, the screen becomes slightly useful...But still very good phone, strength signal, the battery last two days in full use. I recommend it

Motorola A1200 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD--International Version with No Warranty (Ming Black)I love my motorola A1200, just wish it was possible to download a european keyboard, and that the battery lasted longer. Otherwise I'm hooked.

This phone is an exceptional phone. I must admit I was skeptical about buying since it was not really supported in the US. But this international phone is excellent. It's really a good phone, behaves almost like a computer. I like the character recognition where you can write on the touch screen and the characters appear on the line. (available in English and Chinese only). I was also with the real player and music and file storage capabilities. Good phone to buy if you have the cash to get it. The only thing is that I haven't figured out how to connect to the internet but I don't use it anyway.

Before I bought this phone, I had the V3 that I got from Cingular.  I was really unpleased with it, it wasn't what Motorola made it out to be.  Then I got the V3x, which I wouldn't have done if I knew that it didn't support the 850 GSM Band. It was a lot better than the V3, had an MP3 player, but it didn't support 320kbps MP3's.  I had problems getting a signal with it, cause of the 850 GSM band Cingular uses. Then I saw the Motorola MING (A1200). I've had this phone for a month, and I haven't had any problems with it yet. It plays all my MP3's and it even comes with Real Player, so if you wanna play Video's, you can, but you have to convert them first.  It sucks, but the phone does come with some converstion software. I've also tested the phone with some software that I found off GetJar. I only had a problem with one of the programs, it was an Internet radio.  But the Messengers worked fine. The Hong Kong site says that the phone comes with MSN Messenger, but I haven't found it.  It supports 1GB MicroSD and can record videos up to 2 hours.  The only downfall of the phone is the fact that it doesn't have any 3G capabilities. I, myself, don't use 3G since it my provider doesn't have Video Calling yet and I'm sure that when it becomes available, it'll be expensive and no one that I talk with will get it for years to come.  The phone uses Linux as it's OS. That kind of scared me at first cause I don't know how to use Linux that well....heh, but it's pretty easy to use.  The OS is also Open Source, you can get it from the Motorola Open Source site (https://opensource.motorola.com).  The phone has a virtual keyboard on the screen that you use to type.  There is also a virtual keypad that is used when dialing a number or when entering info that requires only numbers.Here is the short version...if you want a great phone that doesn't support 3G technology, that supports J2ME applications/games, and you can see small letters close up, then get this phone.  If you have to have 3G, then get something else.Hope this helped ^_^.

Fabolous phone, I really like it, It is build in Linux, which makes it faster than the oders... the Touch screen is great... Buy it and try it!!!!

It was hard to find the U.S. conversion button because it was written in Mandarian, otherwise, the phone had alot of sassy features.

Great little phone, lots of very cool features. I'm not a computer wiz,and this is very easy to operate. The one draw back is the voice command dosen't seem to be very accurate, but I'm still working out the bugs. Overall Love It!

I was losing faith in Motorola's products progressively over the last 4 years, with three of their phones failing me within a year of buying them. Problems with dropped calls, inadequate call quality, volume jitters, flimsy construction.. u name it.This phone however looks like the one to swing it around. Its an excellent phone for the price, has exceptional call quality, and above average network hold. Can easily double up as a PDA, and features a full html browser, not some sorry excuse for an internet browser on a lot of phones out there. It has a cool tactile feedback system which works well with fingers as well as the included stylus.The camera is really good, 2M to be exact, has a really good player, and speakers to listen to u r music. I am actually surprised this phone was never promoted as much in the US. For some reason the US motorola phones all seem to be based on the RAZR model, not something I am particularly fond of.All in all, an excellent phone to have, with a robust feature set, and something that does what a phone should do very well, make and receive calls.

We write to officially inform Amazon of the ordill we have been through since the purchase was made. Our item was to be shipped to DHL registered office: UNITED SHIPPING PARKAGING. 200 E 10TH ST. NEW YORK, NY 10003 UNITED STATES. We got a UPS alert that our product has been delivered to New york without stating where in New York. We contacted DHL our official courier company to ascertain these claim. All effort had not yeilded any head way. DHL have confirm not recieving the item though UPS claims it was signed for by Clavera whose identity we don't know.As we write these review, we don't know the where about of our item. We have contacted Etronics several times to send a copy of the delivery or any document that was used to make the delivery,but up till now we have got nothing from Etronics other than their claim that the item has been delivered.We hope you act on our behalf.OursEnduranceLins consult ltd

Its like a palm. Works well, nice applications format. Battery life is good.The only defect it has it is dificult to open, but overall its an excellent phone.

this is a great phone, it works well, it looks ever so pretty.  it's way to expensive for what is in essence a pdf with a phone.  if you like the beautiful look to the phone and don't mind paying the cost, get it.  but, if you are not rich, and need something that does all the things this does, get a cheaper phone.  i think there are $150 (almost half the cost) that do them better.

good the product is surprising, really single that good for the people whom it likes to go to celebrations they have to have you take care of since he is very delicatefor that reason I give 5 stars him

'Got my Ming in April 2006 as my birthday gift from my husband (a Linux geek).  I simply wanted a "smart phone" that I can write notes and access my email while I'm on the road, a calendar to remind me of my appointments and yes - it must be a quad band as I travel to many countries all the time. Not a lot to ask for right? Honestly I was looking at a Sony Ericsson quad band at that time. But this Linux based Motorolla won my husband over (I'm not really a Moto fan :( - had a bad experience with Moto before - Motos are not 'dummy' friendly). The extra stuff .. camera, radio, blutooth,real player are just added bonus for me; don't really use them much. Oh, I use the Alarm clock daily - I love the snooze function.I've been using it here in the States since last summer and opened a line with Cingular (since its a GSM). The folks at Cingular helped me access the internet so now I can read my gmail and google anytime, anywhere - just don't stay online too long - Cingular's internet rates can leave a hole in your wallet.The pros ? .. yeah just what the other reviewers said. "Ditto"The cons .. lately I found that there are times when I receive a call, only a dead sound would come from it. At first, I thought it was the network's problem but when I switched it off and turn it back on, it was "normal" again. A small mechanical defect. Alas, its not perfect after all. I find the battery life short - compared to a Nokia, but my husband solved that problem - he also got me a spare battery.Another suggestion : REMEMBER to put a protector sheet on the screen - as it will take a lot of beating!!I'm still not a Motorolla fan (thus the 4 star), but this phone has met my requirements. And its sleek looks really does impress - even the Cingular folks.....In response to an earlier comment why its not marketed in N Am.This beauty was created for the Asian (China/HK) market in particular. Thus the name : Ming. Statistically - Asians are the highest users of mobile/cell phones - which they usually upgrade often as new models come out quarterly.I'm kinda sad that its here in the States now...my Ming won't be unique anymore.Enjoy your Ming. Let the Dynasty begin. :)

This cell is perfect for me, but i wish i could add more languages... and I don't know how...

The Ming was great, I like the phone.  But it didn't work with my sim card and I could not get the text nor the pictures to work with the phone, even when I went to At & T!  So I was very disappointed.

I bought this for my teenage son.  He loves it and it seems to have a ton of cool features and capabilities.

Wow...great phone.  Screen resolution is really impressive...and was rather pleasantly surprised by the fact that I could play movies using the full screen...not expected for a phone this inexpensive.  This version was the international version, so there are some down sides.  Due to the version/model number, there aren't good games available for free download that work...lots available, but they don't work after being downloaded...that's a drag.  But as for the functionality of the phone, camera, and music player...top notch.  Battery life is very very good as well.  The 2.5mm receptacle was a disappointment, but a $5 adapter took care of that problem.Overall, this phone is super.

For me I wanted a phone that was small in size, looked nice, did some things and had a MP3 player.  I dont need the most tekkie phone, I'm not interested in WIFI emails or internet surfing so wanted a fairly simple phone.this is SUPERB! took an hour or so to convert from Chinese langauage as the manual is crap and does not include this info so I went online and found a forum which answered that one.  the internal phone memory is almost nonexistent so you must buy a memory card to out anything on.  Battery life if you play the MP3 for over 5 hours in a day is draining but I always charge my phone every night anyway.business card reader is a nice touch and I love the look and feel and the touchscreen is perfect with the stylus - not so accurate with my fingers for the smaller things.I love this phone, everyone I know wants one now!

This is one of the best phone I ever had. I say had because a own 2 of them and both got stolen. But anyway, the features are great, 2mp camera takes pretty good pics in good light, but no effect, it also had macro mode, as alot of other 2mp camera phones, the BCR works perfect, never really got the barcode reader to work. The touchscreen is responsive and the flip is awesome, you barely notice the wires running up to the speaker. The volume on mine was pretty loud and battery life was ok, about a day and a half with moderate use. There are some nice games out for it, I personnaly recommend midnight pool. It also supposts multiple apps running at the same time, such as browser and a game. It runs linux OS which makes it the perfect OS for 3rd party apps. The reception and call clarity are both pretty good. The hand writing recognition is very accurate and you can adjust the speed at which handwriting locks in a character. Music can be controlled without opening the phone.This phone can do so much if you know where to look for how to do them ;D.All in all, I highly recommend this phone for anyone  who is looking for a good touchscreen phone for multimedia.

Phone delivered on time, as promised, and worked perfectly as soon as the SIM card was plugged in.  My hard-to-please, tech-oriented, image-conscious 16 year old was completed satisfied.  That says it all!

I bought this phone in China early March 2006. It was just on market for a week or so. I intended to buy a Microsoft Smartphone kind of device, but came upon this phone. The things that attracted me was the near perfect finish (black version only, feel like the early IBM Thinkpad T23 skin-like touch), the fast response, large screen, transparent screen cover and a unique feature: Business Card Reader(BCR).The BCR take a snapshot of a business card, automatically recognize the information and input into contact list. The character recognition is not 100% if the business card design is too fancy. If the card is standard, with regular characters, the recognition result will be very accurate. It saves lots of time when you finish the job in a long day and rest in hotel room. Remember, you have to set the lens switch to Macro position, otherwise the card photo it takes will be blury and recognition is impossible. The switch is above the lens, very easy to miss.Other features include the radio, recorder, bluetooth, Real Player, voice command, notes, 2.0 MP camera and camcorder.Writing recognition is also very accurate. I write in Chinese and English. Both are very easy to use. Overall, the software are great.It comes with other features such as getting online but I don't use them. You can add Transflash card inside. As of May 2006, the largest card size is 512MB for $70.I don't think I digged all the goodies out, still in the fun process learning how to use it more wisely. Overall, it is a great phone, better than any other phone I ever used.

I just got this phone a few days ago and i love it. It has every feature you can possibly want a phone to have, including email access, fm radio, camcorder mode and more. It is compact, has a touch screen and a whole lot more  i can't remember to mention.This phone is a must have.

This is the best telephone I have had. Is really easy to use and to understand

Not much to say about this phone...if you are a geek like me its great and easily hackable...screen is bright..the camera being 2 mega takes great photos...as a phone its clear as a bell....take note..only takes 2 gig mini sd...wont support higher....would I buy it again.....yup....Love it....Esta

I love this phone. Because I'm not very tech geared I had minor problem setting my internet with my att account. But faq section on motorola really help where the techs at att could not.  Now i'm up & running.  I can use my sd memory card to get set my ringtones to music I already have-no more purchasing ringtones Yeah!.  only draw back is I can't figure out how to get games-none seem to be compatible to the phone.  Otherwise great phone & pda

HAD THIS ON MY WISH LIST FOR A NUMBER OF MONTHS SAVING $ UP TO PURCHASE, SOOOO WELL WORTH IT !

Bought this phone for my 15 year old! She absolutley LOVED it, loves everything it will do!  Would recomend!

The phone is very nice and look cool, I buy 2 one for me and one for a friend.... I decide not to use it after a few hours become the phone tools not Synchronize with Outlook 2007 calendar and task.my friend don't have the to Synchronize with Outlook and he like the phone very match. one of the coolest tools is "presentation card scan" that field automatically your contact list.I give it 4 stars because of the lack of compatibility with Outlook 2007 that is essential part for a smartphone.Just for a note: I understand that the sync problem is only with outlook 2007 in Outlook 2003 there are no report about this problem. (my luck (: )

Motorola A1200 Ming Black Phone (Unlocked)I lost my cell phone recently on a camping trip and since I still had many (MANY) months on my contract, was not permitted to upgrade with my service provider.  As their "full retail" phones started in the mid to high $200's I thought I might as well try to find a phone that really worked as a phone.  Enter the Motorola A1200, or The Ming!I have never purchased an unlocked phone and was concerned that it would not work on my network (my service provider- AT&T;/Cingular) as it was never released in the US.  I called the retailer (JR Electronics out of NY) and they assured me it worked on my network as well as others that used the standard SIM card.  SO I went ahead and took the plunge.This phone is AWESOME!  Out of the box, it was completely in Chinese characters - this scared me a wee bit - but after pressing just about every button, I finally found one that said English and as if by magic, I could read the menus!  It immediately found my network and I have had no problem with it at all.  In fact, as a phone, it has the best reception I have ever had with a cell phone, and I have been through many.  My home is a terrible dead zone, and my wife still gets very little reception there but the Ming works like a charm.It is also a very sleek and easy to use phone.  I love the way it looks - very Star Trek savvy - but would agree with some of the reviewers, it is difficult to open the cover with one hand.  A benefit of that, however, is it never gets stuck on clothing, accidently opening, a problem I have had with many other flip-phones. In fact, my only complaint would be every time I am checking my voicemail, I receive a blank text message.  I am not sure the purpose of this message nor have I yet to figure out how to stop it from happening.Although it is a PDA phone and I do sync with my outlook, I am not a heavy PDA user, using it only for an address book.  One cool feature that really works is the business card scanner.  The camera on the phone takes a picture of a business card and parces out the information into your contacts.  This works well, as long as your hand is steady and the business card is fairly standard.All in all, for a cell phone, I don't think you can top the Motorola Ming.  Maybe in the future they will add Wifi to the package, making it a more excellent work phone!

Doesn't work with iSync. Doesn't work with OSX Bluetooth File transfer. Sad.Hours wasted trying to make it work. Save your money.

I LOVED this phone... it was everything I have looked for in a cell & pda ... it looked gorgeous. It was user friendly and I thought I was going to have a long relationship with it.. EXCEPT.. It  wouldn't charge!... I plugged it in.. the phone lit up.. but wouldn't charge... so I emailed amazon. They were fantastic, replied the same day (a Friday) and I received a new one on the Monday. They just asked me to send the other one back.The new one arrived on the Monday it charged beautifully. I went on vacation and used it once.  I put it (fully charged) into my suitcase not needing it on vacation... Upon my return I went to use it.. the battery had died. I thought maybe because it hadn't been used for three weeks.. I charged it again.. Used it ONCE, to check text messages, made one 1 minute call.. and later in the day. I looked at it .. it was dead.. the battery had died.. so in effect it held its life for one use...I emailed Amazon. they told me to send it back as they had received similar comments.. they gave me a full refund.Deeply disappointed as the Ming has the potential to be wonderful!.. and it looks so sleek and hot too!.. darn.

I am having this phone since oct '06 and it works fine in different countries. I have used it in UK, USA, Canada and India and its flawless.It looks very elegant and everywhere I go people do notice this phone.Feature wise it is very rich with FM radio, 2.0 megapix camera and unique Business card reader which scans the business card and automatically stores the info in the addressbook.Overall very much satisfied with the phone, I wonder why Motorola is not launching this product for North American market.

I recieved this phone as a Christmas gift, and have two warnings:  The merchant will not accept returns, and Motorola customer service says this phone is not usable by any carrier in the U.S.  However, I was able to find a local phone store which sucessfully programmed the Internet access through T-Mobile zones.  This was not a "no-brainer": the phone software is loaded with a dozen or so European service providers, and you'll need to know and add to the phone the IP addresses to access your phone company's servers.On the plus side, this phone's screen is a true stunner: it's bright and crisp, and nicely displays a web page in either horizontal or vertical orientation.  Should the built-in software leave you wanting more, there seems to be hundreds of free java phone applications available for this phone on Motorola fan websites.

I bought this phone twice.. first i got the black one then the red one...it has everything you expect a cell phone would have...nice size for a touch phone.....2 Mega pixel camera....external memory....and more!! you wont regret buying it i promise...works for T-Mobile perfectly and for all carriers that use SIM Cards..

The phone is ok. However, the battery is a joke. You will need recharge it every night. J&R includes a (paid) bulk adapter to fit american standards : a minimum movement of the adapter and the charger will not work while you believe that your phone is getting power ! The bulk adapter is useless since you can simply remove the european plug and use the two pin plug that originally comes with the charger. The Motorola Phone Tools is another joke: simply does not recognize the cell !

This Motorola A1200 Ming, is my best friend, I know it since 1 week, and really Forget my Moto V3.

My dad bought this for me as a birthday gift in March, so I've had it for 7 months now..I love this phone.  It really caught my attention when I saw it.  The pros of this phone is that I get really good reception with it.  I have cingular and other people I know who have cingular will have no service, while I'll have 2-3 bars.  It is user friendly, and the speakers are clear and crisp.The cons on this phone however included, the screen gets dirty easily, especially when my cheek rests on it.  The clear covering also seems to scratch easily, (not big ones, but little ones)Overall I would recommend this phone, its great for text messaging, and its not too big, to carry around.

This is my best phone yet!!! It's sleek, lightweight,has all the features you could need, like memory card, playlist for your tunes etc... It connects to the net, email, the whole works, everything a blackberry can do and more.  Really soft on the eyes not bulky at all!!All my friends are in love with it!!!So am I!!

For me this is a really great phone for all my communication needs. It's also stylish, cute and small.

The other reviews say everything about the pros (& some of the cons): Real Player & other cool software etc. I have never been bothered about how fast the phone was, but I am bothered by this: when someone calls me and I pick up the phone, I  have to wait 1-2 seconds before the call connects (with my previous phones, the calls connected as soon as I picked them up). If you say 'hello' as soon as you open the flip to answer a call, your caller will not hear that 'hello'! I have puzzled quite a few of my callers by seemingly appearing to be non responsive because of this problem!You have to wait about 1-2 seconds to give time to the call to connect (a good landmark is when the call duration displayed on the screen is 1 second). That's frustrating, but after I noticed that glitch, I adapted myself to it. Try calling yourself to your Ming to see. (I am unable to say if this is due to a defect to my phone only, or if this is true for all Mings.)But otherwise, I am happy with this phone.

This phone does everything i need and more. I have it working with my tmobile service. If you're not that computer savy you might run into a little trouble setting internet and sms, mms service. since tmobile does not support the phone. But you can find everything online. Motorolafans.com is one sight that caters almost exclusively to the a1200. Only dislikes that i have with the phone is texting. It's almost impossible to use your fingers. you have to you use the stylus. and the screen and clear flip cover smudges so easily. Besides those small things, the phone is top notch! A couple of my friends seen it along with all the features, and they are hooked. Not many people know about this phone which makes it even better. I'll take this over the Iphone (which is everyone has) anyday. If you have trouble with the memeory card. Use a Kingston brand. the phone recognizes that one. It can also take a 2gig kingston card!

A very attractive phone with lots of good features, but quite a few problems.  The touch screen is great, sound quality and basic phone functionality are all great.  The PDA functions are not so great -- not a fan of Motoroal phone tools - which will synch contacts with both my Outlook and Lotus Notes -- but will not synch the calendar with either.  There are a lot of petty annoyances -- the voice recognition is terrible, no speed dial, the calendar is almost unusable, setting up the browser is difficult, the phone came set-up for Chinese -- finding the change language to english screens was not totally obvious.  On the plus side, the MP3 player is great, the radio is great,

I've neved had a phone this great! and it came to me just when my PDA was already passing out. Totally recommended!! stylish, versatile and compact. great combination!

You can't beat this phone for features and that is what lead me to purchase it but now I can't wait to get rid of it.The phone comes in some other language (Chinese I think) so you have to guess your way around to convert to English. Not too difficult if you know what to look for.Then I had a problem with the memory card (1G), and still am, which I purchased seperately. I tried contacting Motorola for support and was rudely informed that Motorola USA does not support this model. They didn't even direct me where/who to go to.The amount of steps I have to take to make a call. Sometimes I think I am finished and while waiting for a connection I realize I have another step before the call is made.The processing speed is slowwwww[...] It is frustrating.Lucky me, I found someone who wants to buy it, even after I told them about the draw backs. I am going back to my good old faithful Razor.Don't waste your money.

I love this phone.  It's compact, different and pretty easy to use.  But please be aware that the functions are in Chinese when the phone arrives.  It took a good while talking with tech support before we could get the language switched over.  The amount of space for music and other files seems a little low as well.  But I would still recommend this phone.

Ordered the Motorola Ming A1200 as advertised and received the Motorola V3.  Emailed the company and never got a response.  The receipt calls it both.  The company seems to have a mix up in what phone they are advertising and what is being delivered.  The V3 works fine but that is what I was replacing so now I have two of the same phones.  A bit pointless and a waste of money

My wife is SUPER happy with the phone; very advanced technology. Touchscreen and pencil makes it very easy and fun to use. Voice recognition, built-in camera, agenda, etc. Good reception also.

I have had Startacs and Razors.  The Ming A1200 is a pleasure to use. It is compact, sleek, ergonomic. As a regular phone, it is easy to use, the sound quality is the best Motorola I have used so far.  The outlook-like address book is far better than the miserable 1 entry per phone number that the Razor has. There may be better MP3 players, FM radios, cameras, or gaming devices available, but this is one unit where all perform very well in one integrated unit.I can recommend the Ming for those looking for a well-designed, sophisticated phone, even if you may never use all the features (but they are nice to have)!  Only caution is very limited US support.  Motorola advises that this phone is intended for the International Market (I bought mine in Dubai). I find it hard to believe that Motorola would not market one of their best products ever in their home country.

LO BUENO:PEQUE&Ntilde;O, FUNCIONAL, RAPIDO, MUCHAS FUNCIONES!LO MALO:DIFICIL PARA ABRIRLO, VOLUMEN MUY BAJO, NO SIRVE EL MSN (ESTA EN CHINO), DIFICIL ENVIAR MENSAJE CON UNA SOLA MANO!!!!PARA TODO LO DEMAS!!!! MASTER C...D

I edited my previous review and starts with recently added review:Beware, There is no valid warranty for this phone if bought in USA. So there is no use of registering the product also. I contacted the Motorola customer service, and they replied (after a month) that this phone is not eligible for US warranty.Everything below is what I wrote before:This phone is packed with a lot of features and certainly meets various user  expectations. But some of the things I found in my phone are not pleasing:1) Low Battery life, 2) Low volume (when calling/talking), and peculiarly regular/normal voice level when alarm or ring-tones and click-tones like when you navigate).Other than that, I noticed that the first time, you switch it on (after opening package), everything we see is Chinese and I had to search the web for some instructions to choose blindly some unknown letters on the screen to convert the language from Chinese to English - and a great relief.Lastly, I don't see any software updates -- probably the phone is sent with the latest software tool.So it covers most of what we want. A good buy if you already bought, and if you are thinking of buying, compare battery life and volume of other phones with this.Regards,Sooner

Excelente compra!! muy r&aacute;pido y eficiente la tienda. Recomiendo 100% comprar productos por esta tienda. Compr&eacute; el celular desde Caracas, Venezuela y lo recib&iacute; satisfactoriamente!!!.

Everything about this phone is excellent since i had it i never had a problem with it. It's easy to use the sound is excellent and the touch screen is perfect one tap and it open's the link that you want when other touch screen phone's you have to tap a couple of times for it to open. I don't need to talk about the look of the phone yall can see that for your self.

Excellent phone... poor battery life.. ear speaker finally failed after 2 years... 1Gb maximum on mermory transflash card

I love this phone, in every way.  I was so skeptical to spend so much money on a cell phone.  The day I got it I was so impressed with it.  I think this phone with all of its' features and the touchscreen is worth the money and more.  I could not be happier!

This phone came with everything on the description.  It is multi-functional, sleek looking, compact and the PDA functions is just fine.  I charged the phone right after it arrieved but found out it has a chinese interface (so I suspect it is from HongKong?).  Luckly I do read chinese and know how to change that into an English interface. The big disappointment is the camera function.  It does not have a built-in flash so you can only take picture under bright condition.  Otherwise the pictures seem out of focus.  What a waste for the 2-megapixal resolution. For the same reason the business card reader does not work as well (it uses the camera lense for reading). My other phone, Mio GPS/PDA phone, works a lot better in many ways.  The catch for buying an unlocked phone is that you need to call the phone company in order to have internet function activated. I do recommand it since it still out-perform other handsets on the market for its price.

Let me start out by saying that I got this phone just under a week ago, so I'm a new user and I haven't tried everything out yet.  But overall this is the best cell phone I've ever seen.  I've owned a few dozen phones over the years, got my first when I was 16 in 1996 and have upgraded over and over again.  This is the third time that I bought a phone over the internet from a place other than the cell phone companies page and the first good experience.  The other two were on eBay, and I know you can get it cheaper there but the first one turned out to be a refurb and the second had problems and neither lasted 6 months.  Amazon is a good place to buy because they will take it back and issue a refund if there is a problem, they pay the shipping on broken returns so you don't have to worry about paying anything if you get a dud.I have Cingular, and yes this phone did work immediately without any problems.  I do not have the data service (I don't use text messages, e-mail or web) because my work phone gives me that for free, so I can't comment on those features or on how you set the phone up to work with them.First impression:  The phone looks great!  Not as great as the picture though for one reason:  The speaker, which I was assuming was charged by a EMF and worked without wires, is wired through the clear part.  However, the wires look like a frame drawn on the clear part so it doesn't look bad.  The phone functions great, and comes with everything I need except games (I'm looking for some good card and skill games for it now).  It came with an international charger, which I don't trust so I tossed it in a box and kept using my old phone charger (which was the same).  It also came with a sync cable, which is a growing trend in Motorola phones that have any PDA functions and one which I am pleased to see.The software functions very intuitively.  When I open the screen it brings up a dialpad with a redial button.  If I clear that, it brings up my last call.  If I clear that, it takes me to my various call lists (missed, dialed, received).  If I clear that I get to a home screen.  I can also just hit end and it goes to the home screen.  The home screen is nice, but it has 4 hotkeys that you can program and it would be nice if it could have more or less depending on your needs.  It also has a grayed out background which, if tapped, overrides the screen for you to see it, then goes back when tapped again.  Cleaning the screen is a problem because I keep hitting keys, a key lock button would have been nice to relieve this.The settings menu is well laid out, except it took me forever to figure out how to set the clock (it didn't download the time from Cingular, perhaps because of the lack of internet settings).  Look through all the menus, you'll find it.  I forget where I did, but I was standing in a line for 10 minutes and in that time I set everything up including the elusive clock...I haven't tried music or videos yet, I'll update my review when I get around to that, and when I get some games on it.I took the phone to Disney (my old phone broke 2 days before we were going, thanks Amazon Prime overnight shipping for $3.99!)  The battery said 100% for two days including at least 3 hours of talk and 2 hours of playing around with the menus.  Then it suddenly dropped to 50% (I guess it isn't such a great meter) and stayed there until the night when I decided to charge it, so I can't say how long it lasted but I think that is pretty good for a phone (my last needed a daily charge to make it).  I'll charge it daily anyway, since I'm used to it.Overall, I would reccomend this phone to everyone out there, but I like being the "only person on my block" to own it, so I'll tell you not to buy it instead  :-)More details to come in a month or so when I have really tested everything out!
