
I bought 4 of these phones when I switched my family plan from AT&T to Cingular. The salesman said they got great reception but could break if they are dropped. Just 4 days after the 30-day return policy expired, a small plastic piece covering half the antenna and the top of the phone fell off on 2 of the 4 phones -- even though they weren't dropped. On my son's phone, he just noticed one day that the piece was gone. On my phone, it came off when I took the phone out of my back pocket. The Cingular store couldn't exchange it, because it was after the 30-day free exchange period, and they told me to call the Warrantee Center. They wouldn't replace the phone because a broken piece counts as "physical damage," which voids the warrantee, unless Nokia has issued an advisory about problems with the piece breaking off (which the Cingular salesman said they had gotten several complaints about). Nokia said they aren't authorized to send a replacement phone either, because first I'd have to send the two phones back so they can assess whether the problem was created by "physical or liquid damage," so even it is the fault of poor manufacturing, I may end up having to pay to repair the phones. After spending several hours on the phone with both Nokia and Cingular, I am still trying to get them to send replacement phones.

I am a vey particular consumer. I do tons of reseach about an item before I purchase it, I compare it to other items. I read website reviews and everything. I was rather hesitant about ordering this phone after reading many negative reviews. But,I took a chance and ordered it any way (I got it for a really good price) and was plesantly surprised to find out that it was actually a really good phone.I found that it is a bit difficult to navigate the menu when you begin to use it, but after a while you are able to find what you need pretty quickly. I thought the picture quality was good. (I mean you're probably not going to take professional headshots with a phone camera so...)I was pleased with the quality of the video. The sound was fine, as was reception. I was very plesantly surprised by the quality of the phone itself. It is sturdy, has a very strong flip. and though several parts are plastic it does not feel light and flimsy as many other reviews stated. I would suggest ordering a case, the shiny black outershell just seems like it may scratch easily. This phone has a lot of features including a FM radio, the headphones needed to listen to the radio are not included. (Another service provider who sells the same model includes the headset with their phone...tsk,tsk Cingular)however, I found that an inexpensive earbud will work just as well.(I purchased one from a dollar store)All in all I think this phone is a good choice for someone looking to purchase a multi function phone without all the frills and unneeded extras.

I upgraded to this Nokia 6102 phone after my other Nokia fell in a toilet on accident (which is a little intact but kept dying on me randomly). I always hated flip phones because they are easy to break and snap in half if you accidentally drop it with the lid popped up. I used to have a Samsung flip phone and after time the lid become lose and eventually broke. This Nokia phone, however, has only been with me for a month and the antenna black piece popped off. It looks like it was held on my glue (NO SCREWS!!). The quality of it is not as good as I thought it would be. When I flip open the phone the joints that open the phone seem lose and it has only been a month. Also, the basic speaker is not great--I have a hard time hearing someone in the car or when there's a little noise around. The speakerphone is actually more powerful than the normal speaker! I am definitely going back to a Nokia 3595...This is a great basic phone and you don't have to worry about it breaking! Cingular has offered to replace it and send me a new Nokia 6102, but I refuse to own another.To summarize everything:PROS:-Camera (don't care for one since I have a new camera that takes better quality pics than cameraphones)-Speakerphone (loud and clear, more convienent when driving!-easy to read screen-double-screened-good battery life-Easy to handle (not too small, not to bulky)-Radio (can't use unless I buy headphones though)-Video (never really use it, don't care to have it)-Voice recording (you can make your own ring tones from it if you want)CONS:-Volume level is too LOW on the basic speaker-Not enough default themes/backgrounds to choose from. Older phones had more choices.-When scrolling through Contact List, or anything in that matter, it seems delayed no matter how quickly you press buttons.-ANTENNA PIECE IS A MAJOR DEFECT IN PHONE! It falls off after gentle use (never dropped)I generally don't have good experiences with flip phones, which is why I am going back to a basic one without all those unneccessary features. Plus they're more durable, reliable, and better quality for the price.-

I LOVE THIS PHONE,,,,LOOKED AT RAZR TO CHEAP FEELIN GOT THS ONE LOVE IT

I've read several reviews reporting insufficient volume on this phone.  I decided to throw caution to the wind, and order it anyway.  When it arrived and I made my first phone call, the volume was a *little* soft.  I asked the other party to hold a sec, mashed the Up button on the side of the phone a few times while watching the volume meter increase on the display, and resumed my conversation.  The next time the person I called spoke, I couldn't believe it.  It was not only clearly audible, it was slightly alarming.  Perhaps the other reviewers forgot to peel the protective shipping plastic off?Anyway, the phone is great.  It's tiny -- neither as long nor as wide as the Razr (although it is thicker).  It doesn't have Bluetooth, which gives me a little bit of comfort.  After all, the more Bluetooth gains popularity in wireless devices, the greater the likelihood that bad people will find and exploit vulnerabilities in said devices.  If you don't believe me, perform a Google search for "bluetooth exploit," "bluejacking," or "bluesnarfing."  But I digress.  Call clarity is great, signal reception is better than any other cell phone I've ever used, and it's sexy.My only complaint about the phone is that there are a few menu items in the phone that link you to Nokia's "MEdia Mall," an online store to shop for new ringtones, themes, etc.  Unfortunately, I haven't found a way to delete those links.  If you aren't careful, you could find yourself increasing your phone bill by $.10 every time you activate the wrong menu item.  I would've given the phone 4 stars because of this, but the overall average user rating is too low.

I just wanted to quickly clarify and respond to something another reviewer said. It is in fact possible to assign individual ring tones to people. You just have to create a group and then add that person to the group. Once you do that you can assign a ring tone to the "group." Yeah, it's not as simple as my last phone, a Motorola, but it's still pretty quick and easy.Additionally, you can in fact use a photo you took a while ago to attach it to a contact. Click on the entry in your phone book, Click on Options -> Add Detail -> Image, then search through your saved images. Again, a little time consuming, but I just did it under 10 seconds. In the grand scheme of the phone's features, I wouldn't let those things deter me from purchasing the phone.I am having the same issue about accidentally pressing buttons while the phone is closed. It's more a puzzler than an annoyance at this time as it doesn't seem to drain the battery any quicker or cause any problems besides the fact that I have to click out of the feature.Overall I love my phone, and would highly recommend it. I actually like that the phone display and ear piece is larger than some other phones, I find it to be more user-friendly, personally. I bought my phone to use as a phone, and as such I have been very satisfied with its performance.

Have had this phone for 4 days and am going to return it, despite the fact that it's an attractive phone with a good form factor.  Main reasons for returning are (1) poor audio volume even when set to max; (2) menus are not intuitive; (3) display info is in vanishingly small fonts and icons, and (4) I don't like the "flat" phone book entries [that is, each name only has one number associated with it.  In contrast, my former mobile phone (Sanyo) could store multiple numbers (work, home, mobile, ...) with one name].  Sorry to have to change phones, since I like Nokia, generally.

This is a nice small phone and it doesn't take up your whole face when you're talking. the picture quality is great and all this different customizing options are cool. i'm 15 and got this phone for my birthday so it's a good gift for teenagers and people of all ages.****UPDATE****When this phone breaks down...the phone breaks. It doesn't hold well when dropped. After a couple of months, I had two pieces of one whole phone.

Nokia's new, compact flip is easy to use and the navigation is what you have come to expect from a leader in mobile devices.  The clarity of the dual screens is optimal and the VGA camera is acceptible.  The volume control is a little on the weak side so don't expect to hear a whole lot in a crowded room.  The speakerphone, however, is exceptional.  The navigation buttons are easy to push - quite possibly too easy particularly if you've got larger fingers.  The alarm clock allows for customizing the snooze :)  Ringtones are okay, the polyphonic tones are a bit tinny but that is probably due to a smaller chord range than most mid-range cellphones.  As with all Nokia's customizing to your liking is a snap!  The backlight turns off on its own which means you could be in the middle of something when it shuts down.  It is an active-flip so its not necessary to press extra buttons to answer or end a call.  The phones come with a PTT button - a feature that isn't yet available. No bluetooth but the infrared is sufficient.  General feel of the phone is that it has a nice fit but it does feel a little on the cheap side.  Reasonably price for a low to mid-range phone.

I have always had Nokia phones, which I love, but I was getting envious of all the flip-phones out there. When it came time for me to upgrade my phone from a lower model Nokia, I was so excited to find that Nokia had come out with a great new flip-phone. And while I didn't think I would care about having a camera or video capability, I quickly learned to love both. This phone also has the ability to record an audio message which can be sent to someone or used as a ringtone. The design is sleek, and best of all, the Nokia features and menus that I'm used to are simply updated in an even smarter version for this phone. This made if very easy for me to learn to use all the menus and technological features that the phone has to offer.

I recieved the Nokia 6101 (which is essentially the same hardware as the 6102) cell phone from t-mobile a 2 days ago so here are some of my early impressions about the phone:Pros:- The great reception as with most nokia phones: My appt does not recieve a great coverage from my t-mobile and the only phones that work are ones from Nokia. I used a 6610 and a 6230 and there are no problems with the reception of the 6101.- IRDA to sync data: I own an IBM laptop which have IRDA build in. So it is convinent to use the Nokia PC Suite to sync the phone with my outlook.- Supports Mp3 ringtonesCons:- No Bluetooth: Unlike the 6230 the 6101/6102 does not have bluetooth.- Limited memory: I do not understand why Nokia did not include the external memory card slot, and music player compatibility with this phone. If it can play Mp3 ringtones then surely it can play mp3s, and it would have been great to add a 512 MB card to play music on the go.- Size and Weight: The phone is a bit bulky and heavier than other flip phones but not so much that it becomes uncomfortable in to carry around- Different charger: For some reason Nokia has a different charger for this phone. So your chargers for older models of Nokia will not be compatible.Overall I think this is a nice cell for business use. For entertainment and such, I think 6230 is still the Nokia leader.

I replaced my sony ericson with Nokia 6102 flip phone, and I found the following differences:Nokia has:1. Better sound quality2. Better reception3. Great speakerphone: clear and loud though sometimes echoes on the other side, depending on my location.4. Camera is nice but the quality is grainy and flash/evening mode is not great at all. Pictures come out real dark and not clear.5. Less talk time (4 hours) and I have to charge battery every evening, as after 2 hours of talking, which is my average daily use, the battery is real low. Compared to my ericson, which I charged once a week, this is a real setback.6. Battery also seems to take longer to charge. My ericson after 15 mins was 2 out of 4 bars up. Nokia takes 30-45 mins for 2 bars.7. It is very hard to find a nicely fitting case for flip phones. If you like a swivel belt clip or a pouch case, you will like it, but if you prefer a sleeve-case you will find it difficult to find something suitable for a reasonable price.8. It's not bluetooth, so you won't be able to use wireless gadgets, but I find speakerphone sufficient for hands-free-conversations. The only problem with the hands-free option is when you receive a call, you have to flip open the phone to push the button for hands-free talk. If you are placing the call, you have to wait till the other party picks up - only then you can use the hands-free button.9. Recently I discovered a voice-call option. Pushing a button on the left activates a voice tag receptor. If you saved someone's number in the address book and assigned voice to it (such as "Home"), saying "home" while the voice receptor is on will dial the number. Very nice when your second hand is full of groceries! But the number of voice tags is limited. I think it is 10 maximum.In overall, I gave it 4 stars because of a comparatively weak battery, but in terms of serving basic phone functions it works very well.

The latest flip phone by Nokia is what you call a basic phone with added features at a reasonably low price.It has been 1 month since i have owned it and i did come across a few issues which are1) the battery status bar is not accurate.I took the liberty of not charging my phone for about 4 days looking at the bar which showed about 75% ,and on the 5th day it went dead.But thankfully it came alive after i charged it overnight.So i guess it has to be charged daily.2) It supports MP3 ringtones but it has about 4 MB of memory.4mb? it is too minimal for a phone to support media and mp3.3 pics and 2 ringtones ...and the memory is full.I had to get rid of most of the nokia logos and ringtones to accomodate my personal stuff.Anyway the phone is pretty okie but it would do better with a memory card slot.Considering the number of free and reasonably good phones available this is a so-so deal.At least it was better than my earlier phone the siemens flip phone.So i guess 4 **** is the rating i would like to give it.

A recent move forced me to change service providers because my new home (in a major metropolitan area) is in a dead spot. "Can you hear me?'  No, I can't!  So I took advantage of Cingular's 30 day return policy hoping I could make a call and not lose my signal.  After a week I can honestly say this phone lives up to and beyond my expectations!  I have great reception, no dropped calls and am very pleased with my purchase.To me, the slickest thing about this phone is the infrared port.  One less cable to keep track of!  I beamed my Outlook address book on my PDA into my phone in seconds.Although I didn't need a camera, it is a nice addition.  In fact, it is capable of taking a photo in low light without a flash.  The documentation on it's' use is poor, so I would advise you to play with the camera options key to get the most use out of it.A lot of reviewers have complained about low volume, and I did too until I repositioned the phone lower on my ear.  My natural tendency to hold the phone almost against my lips caused the very small speaker to be above the opening of my ear. Try it, and I bet you will notice a marked increase in volume also.I have not used the radio yet and contrary to one review here, a mini headphone jack is too big for the jack on the phone.  I guess this is my only disappointment and I can live with it.After reading many website reviews I think that most negative reviews are from people who did not tale the time to READ THE OWNERS MANUAL.  Now I admit the documentation can be overwhelming, and trying to find out how to use a specific  feature is time consuming, but here's a tip.  Download the PDF owners manual file, (a link is on this page) and use Adobe's search function to find the answer to your questions.Well, thanks for letting me share my opinions and I hope they help your decision.

Nokia 6102 FLIMSY phone!  I had this phone for 3 days, and in that time, the screen froze, the key pad froze and the flip part felt like it was going to break in half.  AND, the volume is horribly low and if your ear isn't just in the right spot you wont hear anything at all!  Horrible ring tone options and no GPRS connection at all so there was NO way to order more ring tones.I returned this phone before it even had a chance to run out of batteries.

I had read all of the reviews after buying this phone.  When I got it I was pleasantly surprised.  I have had NO volume issues.  In fact, the ringer is so loud that when it rings while I am teaching my class, my students beg me to answer the phone.  I can also get reception in my school building with this phone, which I have never been able to do before.  As for bluetooth capability, I've never used the infrared feature before.On a good note..... I was able to video tape my daughter skating, and then showed it to my friends.  It was incredible.  I've enjoyed having this phone and am glad to have it.One bad thing though is that you can't choose a different ring tone for each caller.  But you can group your callers and assign a different ringtone for each group.Again, a great phone for the cost.

I have read all the reviews about the 6102 and felt I had a few things to add.  I do agree the phone could use more memory, but if you download Nokia's PC suite(off the Nokia website), you can use their media player to change MP3 files to a true tone file format which takes up far less space and sounds the same on the phone. I would suggest a program like Goldwave to create Mp3 file clips.I have about 10 tones assigned to groups and plenty of space left over! Also the FM radio is a great feature!  I bought a headset off of ebay and use them when I go for a walk. The phone will automatically pick up the call and then return to the radio when the caller hangs up. I never move a finger! The camera is basic, but that's all I needed from a phone. I have a digital camera. I don't find it flimsy at all.  I am very pleased with the coverage of the phone. So far the sound quality has been excellent and the speaker phone works from my belt clip! I just flip open the phone and press a quick button and talk, hands free.  The battery life is excellent.  Overall, this phone has met my expectations and beyond.

I bought this phone about two months ago. and, i was realy pleased with the phone, features. and, one day i was just looking through the(not many) features and, the phone shut itself off! of course, it came back on. but, then a few days later. i was on my way to cingular store for accessories for this phone. and, i walked in and it shut itself off again. it made me angry, i screamed. then it came back on but, all my contacts, ringtones and other personal things on it were somehow deleted. so, i consulted a cingular worker! i told them about the situation. all they said was "sorry, thats not our problem. but, we can send you a new one! for free!" i said sure. the next day, i got this new "free" phone. i went through the whole setup process. i was indeed happy. then, when i was done. i put it on my table. and then, the light went on and, then it went off on me continuasly(can't spell) i called cingular. they said the same thing. so, the next day. i turned my phone on, started adding some contacts. it said "please insert a sim card" i was dumbfounded! i calld cingular (again) told them. all they said was. "what exactly are you doing when that happens" i told them. and, they sent me another phone! did the same thing!! i was fed up. so, went online and bought an "untaged" model. it did the same thing! so, in conclusion! i would not recommend this phone to anyone!Pros:camera is not badGood games(demo's)like the features.good reception.Cons:Graphics, they suck! camera in bad place.colume button * camera buttons are in the worse place.dropped calls * calls interrupted.video quality is not good at all.cannot hear. voices get low then loud vise-versa.calls go muteoverall i give this phone a 3. just because of the good reception! and the easyness to open.

I bought this phone from amazon and it is worth the price. It has all the nice features I wanted and the cingular coverage is also pretty good in our area. Overall I would give 5 stars.

I have used this phone for a week, and I'm returning it.Pros:1.  Cool-looking phone - black, red and chrome.2.  Color screen is good.3.  Very compact.Cons:1.  Audio volume is very low, even when set to highest setting.  Conversations were often hard to hear in the car with the windows up and the stereo off.2.  Lack of side keys for settings makes even the most basic changes - ring volume, call volume, etc. - difficult.I will grant that it's a quality phone and that the phone is well-made and has no defects.  It would be a great entry level phone for the average person who doesn't change settings - and has above average hearing.

Major improvement from my Sprint phone. Lots of features I'm still figuring out. Nice size. This is only the 3rd cell phone I've ever owned so I'm no expert, but it has worked well. Some reception problems, but hard to complain when it works at least 2x places as my last phone.

Pros:Great battery lifeSound quality and consistencyLayout good - placement of menus, etc - easy to manueverCons:Cheap plastic casingVery basic camera - e.g. no zoomEvan Glueck

Got this to replace my grandfathers phone and he was absolutely thrilled.

I live in the mountains, and recently got suckered into cingular's renew your plan for two years and get a fresh new phone deal.  The phone arrived and could not be activated from my home.with the limited time I spent with the phone last night, The features are complicated and anti-intuitive.seems like with all the progress over the last four years, the camera, speakerphone, etc, that the antenna does not work as well as my four year old Nokia Candy bar (can't remember the number) which looks like it has been dragged behind a truck for several miles at highway speed and then picked up by a dog and  carried home.If you live in an area with spotty reception, forget about this phone and the cool upgrade offer.I expect to spend several hours on customer service trying to sort out this flashy new phone.

i've had my Nokia 6102 phone for about 2 1/2 months now. When i firsy got it it was great, everything worked i didnt have any problems. Then after i started using more often i realised that when you are sending or recieving a text message or recieving a phone call, and ur watchin TV or listening to the radio, you will here this weird noise come from the TV or radio's speakers. It's really weird. And another thing, i recently had some problems with my phone just shutting off n me even with full battery. The good thing about this phone is that u can take pictures and record things.

I am a big fan of nokia and all my previous mobiles were nokia..But this one is a big disappointment..I am surprise to find that there is a bug in their s/w.If you change the profile from Normal to Silent and then backagain to Normal, the incoming phones are having not so consistent ringtones. Sometimes it will ring and sometimes it wont, just the light will be flashed.Currently I removed the battery and restarted and its working fine. But dont know how long it will work.I think Moto Razr is much better than this phone for the same price range.

This is by far the coolest and best cell phone I have ever owned. The reception is great everywhere, even at my home where reception is generally poor. The camera and video features are superb, extremely well image quality, the one thing it lacks is bluetooth capapbilties. I used to have a motorola v220 which was a horrible phone, and i also have a sony erricson z500 and an older nokia through cingular, but this tops them all. kudos to nokia, a job well done

I've had the 6102 since December, and I've had absolutely no problems with it at all. There are some who complain about the speaker quality, but mine was pretty decent and I didn't have many problems with it at all. I should disclaim I use the headset most of the time though so this review may not be a good barometer when it comes to the speaker issue. I have no problems with the navigation with this phone, adding tones and pics with a data cable worked perfectly with it, and text messaging is intuitive and speedy with the 6102, the T9 system on it is one of the best I've used. I also enjoy the FM radio, which has a good range and does get distant stations well. The headset is the antenna, and that makes sense since it's how most regular Walkmans and equivalents have worked since the creation of the portable stereo.However, the downside of the phone is because of the large color front mini-screen, you definitely want a soft case for it. I learned that the hard way after a nasty meeting of the screen with a seatbelt buckle that left the inside plastic cracked and a nice big purple battery-sucking bruise on the LCD. Unfortunately I went with a $2 plastic holster that left no protection for the phone, and that turned into a $115 error as I had to pay full price for a new phone to replace the cracked screen as Cingular considered it cosmetic non-warranty damage. I stomached the loss of the money and got a new 6102, and shortly thereafter got a case that offered plenty of protection (and I intent to pick up their extended coverage). It's a cool looking phone and does everything well, but with all that comes extra complicated electronics, so before you buy this, make your second purchase a good-quality soft case so you don't end up six months later with a cracked phone because you went with the cheapest method of carrying you could get.

I got my first Nokia 6102 in October 2005. I got my second Nokia 6102 in March 2006. It is now April 2006 and I'm looking for a replacement. Here's how the story goes:When I first got this model, I really liked it a lot. I had no complaints whatsoever except that later wished it had Bluetooth capabilities. That is no biggy for me since I'm not one to carry around a cell phone every where I go. It stays in my car when I'm at home and it usually stays on my desk at work. If I'm out of the office for a few minutes, I'll bring it along with me. Cell phones are nice to have, but..... I'm getting off track with my story.Like I said, I really liked the phone. Occasionally, I'll use Yahoo Instant Messenger at work to communicate with a couple of others while in meetings. For five months, my daily routine of using this phone worked flawless. The suddenly one day, it reset itself when I was attempting to access Messenger. I lost some settings and the "G" vanished from my main screen. Normally, when I used Messenger, it would time-out after a few minutes and the phone would switch back to the main screen. I would get a pop-up if a message was received, and I could go back into Messenger and be connected.After this reset occurred, if Messenger times-out and goes back to the main screen, my connection is lost. After the error, when I attempt to connect to Messenger or the Internet, it asks me if I want to allow network access.Anyhow, after going through three layers of Cingular support, they first decided that there was nothing they could do and gave me the impression that they wanted to end the conversation. I eventually had to get a little ugly by telling them the problem is your problem; either the phone you gave me, or your network, and I want it fixed. They sent me a new phone overnight.The new phone worked flawless for almost two weeks. One day, I was in Messenger and decided I needed to exit out and place my ringer on silent, so I did. When I attempted to call up Messenger again (it runs in the background), I get this Java error and some error codes. Then the phone resets itself. Lo and behold, I back with the very same problems I had with the first phone.As I'm writing this, I have an email out to Nokia looking for a suggestion. I like the phone and I don't see any other current Cingular compatible models which I think I would like any better. If Nokia doesn't have a clue, I'll have to call Cingular for another replacement, and I may go with a different make and model.For this to happen twice, I'm beginning to think this may be a software bug. Anyhow, if you don't plan on using the Yahoo Messenger application which comes with the phone, you should be very satisfied with this phone.

I just switched to this Nokia flip after being completely dissatisfied with a Motorola V551.  Anything that could go wrong with a cell phone went from with the Motorola, and it was time for a change. I go through Cingular, and did not hesitate at all when a free Nokia 6102 was offered, as I have had only great experiences with Nokias in the past. In fact, since my Moto had gotten so bad, I popped my sim card into an older nokia i have (3 yrs) and it worked like a charm.Pros of the phone include:-generous outside display - bigger than any other phones I have seen, but the megapixels are not as good as the inside screen, but can't win them all and it definitely works well-Sleek, black outside, so refreshing that it is not standard cell phone silver which is way too played out.-Menus are easy to navigate, but I fing a 2 second delay when pulling up the main menu, but definitely something I can live with.-camera is very good, considering this is not a phone you would buy specifically for the camera.-Construction is sturdy - those who said that nokia flips have a "cheap" feel are way off - this one is substantial, dense, but not too big or too heavy.the only cons are that I sometimes the earpiece volume is not that great. even in quieter settings I sometimes struggle to hear the person on the other end, even when the vol. is at the max. Also, this may be a function of the area, but I also hear static in the background at times, but like I said, may be the other person's phone or the area I am in. Also, the wallpapers and images that are included are few, and they are not the best. I believe there are only 5 different wallpapers and 3 themes, just wish there was more of a choice.I am still within a 30 day return period, but I am almost sure that this phone is a keeper - unless I have many more issues with call volume. This is a great all-around phone, with good camera capabilities, easy menus, and a vibrant screen.

There are dozens of reasons to buy this cell phone.1)  Phone has a VGA camera, a stereo FM radio, a speakerphone, EDGE high-speed data, dual color displays and support for mobile e-mail and more.2) LCD has 128 x 160 resolution and support for 65,000 colors. The outside cover of the handset features a 96 x 65, 4,000-color display that can display picture IDs, time, call information, battery and signal strength.3)  The standard jack accepts universal hands-free headsets, as well as USB and infrared ports for transferring data to and from the handset.4)  This phone has polyphonic ringtones, MP3-, MIDI-, AMR-, and True Tones.  You can also assign pictures to your most common callers.5)  There's a vibrate ringer mode. Voice-activated dialing system and the phone book keeps track of all your contacts.  Address book capacity is only limited to a big 3.5 MB of built-in memory.6)  There's an integrated speakerphone for talking hands-free.7)  You can mobile messaging and integrate with the Internet.8)  You can send picture, video, and text messages.9)  You can manage and synchronize contacts, calendars, and other data with your PC with the Suite application.10)  There is an integrated FM radio makes to tune in your favorite stations. The gaming system is powerful Java-based games. Lots of games are downloadable via the Cingular Media service.11)  The lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 4 hours of digital talk time and up to 350 hours of digital standby time.12)  It just looks cool too!The price is right too.  I got mine for free when subscribing to Cingular for two years!

This is a GREAT phone EXCEPT for the power connector. The pin inside the phone is so small and fragile that it can accidentally be really easily bent or broken off. This cost me $115 because Nokia classified the problem as "Physical damage" and the warranty does not cover physical damage. This is ridiculous. It is an obvious design problem.

Overall, a very good phone. I am an avid fan of nokia phones and have been using since a decade, but, this being my first nokia flip phone, i'm not at all dissappointed. The phone has great reception, it also sustain calls through some dead zones where my earlier nokia phones just went blank ! Battery life seems to be alright with about 2-4 days of charging cycle and all the other features like menus & IRDA are euqivalent to that of the previous models. Personally, I really dont dig the flip phone part, but otherwise, a highly recommended phone with basic concrete functionality of a cell phone minus the bling bling of other similar motorola models.

This is coming from a person that has actually done a lot of research in phones, and is upgrading from a Nokia 3595.  Some people have been raving about the Razr V3, but in all honestly it isn't a very good phone.  The sound quality isn't very great, the phone although skinny, is very wide, and the camera is lack luster.  The keys are bland, and hard to use when not looking, and with the exception of Bluetooth and a 2nd LCD screen, it doesn't really do a whole lot.I consider this phone a great rival.  This phone and the Razr are in great competition for Cingular customers because both have great deals going on for 2-year agreement customers.  I actually got mine for roughtly 90 dollars because I upgraded as I previously mentioned.  I could have gotten a Razr, but this phone is much more practical.This phone has plenty of features:It has video captureCamera feature (which is pretty clear if you can hold the phone steadyA bright vivid LCD screen (2 actually)A sleek designGreat sized keysEasy navigationOverall very simplisticThis is Nokia's first successful flip phone, and they didn't do anything too outrageous.  It does have MP3 playback on ringtones, and full color graphics with available moving screen savers.  Sound quality is excellent, and the phone feels very durable.  Its a great size, and feels good in your hand.  Not only charges quickly, but has a very fair battery life.  I'm not sure about other 6102s, but mine came with NO dead pixels on either screen, so that's a great thing to not have to worry about.  Although this isn't important to a lot of people, it is to me... and this phone DOES not get face grease on it very easily... which is nice... because my friend has the one LG flip phone that you can use for 10 seconds and have the screen covered in face grease.With everything however, this phone does not have all the gadgets you may want.  It doesn't have Bluetooth, so you can't be lame like everyone else and get one of those earsets, at least not the "cool" ones.  The cases for it aren't exciting.  There is no expansion slot, this ISN'T a SmartPhone, so you can't do a lot of PDA functions.  The sound quality on the ringtones aren't too great, but there are a lot to choose from.  Its your call if you can justify spending $2.49 for one.  I personally have The Outsider by A Perfect Circle, and its pretty decent quality.  Unlike the Razr, this isn't meant for those who have hearing aids, but honestly, that feature isn't that great on the phone, the newer Razr phones coming out will better utilize that feature I believe, but they will be a great deal more money.This phone did recognize my Sim Card VERY quickly, I was pleasantly surprised.  Not much configuration involved.  I didn't even have to set up the time or date.  The phone didn't set up my numbers into single name folders like my last phone, but it did default put a number next to it: i.e. Corey had 2 numbers... so now I have Corey and Corey1.  Not necessarily a bad thing, just something I noticed.  The interface is really nicely set up, but the only way to access the camera is to click the button on the right side.  The volume rocker is on the left side, and is very simple to use, and the ringtone can get LOAD, so you might want to make it a lower setting, unless you are hearing impaired.  Sim Card enclosure doesn't seem very durable, and I was nervous when I need to take it out breifly... it was also pretty difficult to open.BOTTOM LINE:  This is a very durable, easy, phone to use for anyone, and will definately last you until the next phone generation arised.  At a great price, with some great deals, this is an ideal phone to suit all your NEEDS, even though it doesn't supply all your WANTS.  This stylish phone is a great addition to the Nokia line, as well as the flip-phone craze.  In my opinion a more balanced phone than the Razr V3, but like everything, it depends on who you are, and what you use it for.SUSPECTED LEARNING CURVE: 30 minutes to 1 hour... very quick considering the number of features... I have yet needed to use the manual to find anything.ACTUAL SPECS:Modes GSM 850 / GSM 1800 / GSM 1900GSM 900 instead of 850 on Europe/Asia versionWeight 3.42 oz  (97 g)Dimensions 3.35" x 1.77" x 0.94"  (85 x 45 x 24 mm)Form Factor ClamshellStub AntennaBattery Life Talk: 4.00 hours  (240 minutes)Standby: 350 hours  (14.6 days)Battery Type LiIon760 mAhDisplay Type: LCD (Color TFT/TFD)Colors: 65,536 (16-bit)Size: 128 x 160 pixelsPlatform / OS (N/A)Memory 3.5 MB  (built-in, flash shared memory)Phone Book Capacity shared memoryFCC ID PPIRM-76 (Approved May 10, 2005)PPIRM-77 (Approved Jun 15, 2005)FEATURES:2nd Display Location: Front4,096-color STN LCD / 96 x 65 pixelsAlarm YesCalculator YesCalendar YesCamera Resolution: VGA (640 x 480)night modeCustom Graphics YesCustom Ringtones supports MP3, MIDI, AMR, and True Tones (WB-AMR) formatsData-Capable YesEmail Client Protocols Supported: SMTP, POP3, IMAP4carrier-dependentFM Radio Stereo: YesGames YesHigh-Speed Data Technology: EGPRS (EDGE)class 6 / plus class 10 GPRSInfrared (IR) YesJava (J2ME) Version: MIDP 2.0, CLDC 1.1supported JSRs: 120, 135, 75, 185 / max JAR size: 128 KBMMS supports SMILMultiple Languages YesMultiple Numbers per Name YesPC Sync YesPicture ID YesPolyphonic Ringtones Chords: 24Predictive Text Entry Technology: T9Push-To-Talk carrier-dependentRinger Profiles YesSide Keys up/down keys on left / camera (or PTT) key on rightSpeaker Phone YesSyncML YesText Messaging 2-Way: Yesplus IM with presenceText Messaging Templates YesTo-Do List YesUSB YesVibrate YesVideo Capture SubQCIF resolution (128 x 96 pixels) / H.263 + AMR in 3GPP formatVoice Dialing YesVoice Memo YesWireless Internet WAP 2.0, XHTML / supports file uploading[...]

These new generation phones are so gentle and break very easily. Our two motorola's phones V180 and V550 broke after just a year of used. The common problem is leaking screan if you drop the phone, so your screan goes blind. Go for some other brand ....

I got this phone back in January. I must admit, I do like the phone, but I've already bought a replacement. The sound quality of the phone is not very clear... ear piece volume is kind of low and I find myself using speakerphone all the time. Has infared, which is really nice when your laptop has infared also (I've made TONS of my own mp3 ringtones, saved all my pictures on my PC). I had my first one replaced in March because the side buttons (the volume and camera) would no longer work. The camera's okay (it's a phone) - video quality is horrid. No Bluetooth, which my girls friends have 'dubbed' a hassle, because there are many times they want to Bluetooth me sound clips and pictures from their Razrs. It doesn't have much memory capacity (only about 3 MB), so you can't save much. That's ultimately why I bought the Motorola MPX 220 to replace it. Many people I know who have bought the phone have taken it back, or delcare the ones they still own have some WILD problems. It also doesn't pick up signal as good as my mom's Motorola V551.

I'll admit that this is not the worst phone I've ever owned, but it's really not that great. I wish that I had actually played with it some before I bought it, but I only purchased it because I needed something cheap and temporary. I guess I got what I paid for.Before I go into the annoyances, I will say a couple of good things about this phone.  First of all, the speaker is very loud, especially if you have an mp3-type ringer.  I also think the camcorder feature is pretty cool, even if it's not very high quality, just because it's not a feature you generally see on this type of phone.  I also like that it's compact without being overly fragile.  And it looks a lot better than most of the Nokia flip-phones I've seen.Now the bad stuff.  My main problem with this phone is the menu system.  It's not that much different than other Nokia phones except that there's even more there to confuse you.  To put this into perspective, I SELL cell phones for a living.  I play with phones all day long and I usually know how to do just about everything on any given phone within a few days.  Yet I have had this phone personally for five months and I still have trouble navigating the menu.  First of all, the names of the various menus are confusing and oftentimes misleading; for example, under "Tools" on most phones is where you would find the calculator, calender, etc. On this phone it's where they hide the camera, radio, and voice recorder.  The camcorder, however, is not in this menu.  The only way to get to the camcorder is to open up the camera first and then go to the "options" menu.  There is a menu for "profiles" which I have also seen on other Nokia phones but I have yet to figure out its relevence.  I'm thinking it might be a way to make your ringer louder or quieter, but it would be a great deal simpler if you could just do that through the volume control.  The address book is about halfway down the menu page instead of right up front where it should rightfully be.  But really the worst thing about the menus is just the fact that you usually have to go through so many different little submenus to get to just about any actual function, and which options you choose are not always obvious.Now some of the less important things that bug me.  The camera is really bad.  I don't necessarily think that a camera is an essential function for a phone to have, but if it's going to have one it should at least be able to take something that resembles an actual picture.  The biggest problem is that if you move even the slightest bit while you're trying to take the picture it will turn out very blurry. Should you manage to take a picture worth saving, you may notice that you can zoom in on it.  But only AFTER you've already taken a picture, not before.  Furthermore, you can't save a picture in its zoomed-in state.You also can't set different ringers to different phone numbers, which is a feature that I had really come to take for granted in a cell phone and it frustrates me to no end that I can't do it with this one.  You can set a different ringer for your messages than what you have for your voice calls (although you can't distinguish voicemail from text) but it took me ages to figure out how to set my message ringer to something that I had downloaded rather than one of the default ones.Overall, I think this phone would be fine for someone who only planned to use it for voice calls and nothing else.  For anyone else, do yourself a favor and spend 10 or 20 bucks more and get something better; there are plenty of options.

I have owned this phone for about 2 months and the exterior LCD cracked.  I did not drop it but simply placed it in my pocket and sat on a couch.  It is just not durable and Cingular refused to replace it.Pros:  battery life, MP3 ringtonesCons: The phone is not durable,  you cannot configure it to display the date on the outer LCD, the games that come with it are terrible.

I have been a Cingular customer for 18 months or so, after switching from Sprint. I have long wanted to switch away from Cingular again due to the poor reception and frequently dropped calls on my original phone. The phone was a Samsung entry-level model, zero cost with 1-year plan. I spoke with a few of my friends in the area and they swore that their Cingular experience has been better than mine. They all have more expensive phones. After some research, I decided to give Cingular a second chance by buying the Nokia 6102 out of pocket (rather than getting an upgrade "deal" with a 2 year contract extension.)It was a good decision. This phone has turned me into a happy Cingular customer, for the most part. The reception is much stronger. My old phone would give 0 bars at my house, this one gives 1-3 bars and holds calls even inside my house. It still drops calls in a few low spots that I drive through, but I figure that's unavoidable.The camera is a cute toy. It takes blurry pictures in poor lighting, but decent shots in good light. I got a USB download cable to retrieve my photos. I have yet to get Cingular's multimedia messaging to work to email the pics to my account. (I suspect that's a Cingular problem, not a phone problem).The wireless web browser is nice, and it's a real convenient way to upload pics and sounds to the phone. The data cable also works well for that, and the free (from the Nokia website) software for the cable includes tools to help construct images and sound clips.Managing my address book took some work. I had all my numbers stored on the card from my old phone. The new phone didn't read the card quite the same way: it kept all the numbers, but lost the flags that told me which number was home, work and cell for each person. Eventually I moved all my numbers to my Windows Address book and use the cable and software to sync the two. That works beautifully.Bottom line: The phone is great. Cingular still has a few quirks that I live with. Toy camera is fun. Data cable is a highly recommended accessory.Followup on Nov 29, 2005:Still love my phone. I've not noticed any problems with pushing buttons by accident when it's closed.My USB cable is *not* the one that Nokia sells for $50. It's an asian unbranded cable that I paid around $15 for. Use Google to find one. Had a bit of fun getting the drivers straight at first, but otherwise works like a charm. Also, I think the IrDA function is supposed to work with the Nokia software as well, if you have an IrDA laptop or similar device.Finally, if you have a website somewhere that you can put files up for download, it's pretty easy to load images and ringtone sound files into the phone using the wireless web browser. Just upload to your website and then download via the phone browser. All you pay for is the airtime to download.

I got the phone 5 days ago from Cingular. I hasitated for a while and finally decided to return it for exchange to other phone.The main problem is the earpiece is too small with which you cannot hear the other party's voice clearly, unless you put the hole right above your ear, which is very difficult to locate. Each time, I have to try several times before I can place it correctly. I think other things are good for this phone.I had Nokia phone previously with very good experince. But why this phone was designed so stupidly?! The earpiece is a small thing, but also the biggest one for a phone.

Frankly, I wish I had the free Nokia brick phone I had before this one back. Call volume horrid. Many times I can barely hear the person to whom I'm speaking, and many times that person can hear the background noise better than they can hear me. Lots of dropped calls. The OS can be slow and a pain to navagate.If a Cingular salesperson steers you toward this one, find something else.

I've gone through 5 of these phones in less than a year. The first one had echos so bad it didn't even recognize the voice tags and people said I sounded like I was talking under water.  The 2nd one just plain died one day and wouldn't even take a charge or turn on.  The 3rd one drained the battery from a full charge to almost nothing in a couple of days without even using it or having it turned on.  The 4th one I just got yesterday worked for a day and now turns on but none of the buttons work and I can't even access my address book.  Cingular has finally offered me a different brand, which I have checked out on Amazon's site hoping to get one with a good review.  Now I have to negotiate with them to get the matching accessories.....Steer away from Nokia 6102.....

If you always wanted a Nokia but didn't want to get a candy-bar style this one is for you.  Great battery life, Reception and nice style. For international calls try [...] don't waste your money on the carrier international rates.

This review is long and rambling because the phone (to me) does so much that to describe it in any rational order would just be too much like work.So the bottom line at the top: A great phone for the money, does a lot of stuff perfectly adequately and serves as a good training device for someone wanting to know what to look for the next time they buy a higher-end phone. I give it five stars because, "What did you expect for a twenty-dollar phone?"I got this phone reluctantly, only after my old-fashioned Nokia brick was stolen. I asked simply for the cheapest phone with a camera, and I couldn't be more pleased.Well, actually, I could, but only after picking nits. So here we go:My first issue was with downloading photos, I shoot a lot and at twenty-five cents a piece to email them to myself a cable seemed like a reasonable solution. I wanted to avoid spending $50.00 on an OEM, so I tried one from Ebay. Then another. Then another. I called Nokia for tech support, and was surprised to talk to someone who was both knowledgeable and had no accent.There are a few separate issues here, the first being the necessity of downloading Nokia's "PC Suite" to facilitate connectivity. The version touted for Windows 98 was erratic and is no longer offered or supported, but before this happened I finally got a tech email admitting it was a known problem. And with regard to the non-original cables having some sort of DRM capabilities, the tech just sort of chuckled and said, "I really can't comment on that". Not only did they not work, I had to uninstall and reinstall the app after each failed attempt. How amusing.Realizing the cost of the cable would be paid back very soon I ordered one from Nokia and had it almost immediately. From then there was no problem, although I could only use it with XP.The file transfer protocol is a bit odd, but works OK. The synchronization with Outlook seemed flawless and works in both directions. The new automatic picture transfer will completely empty all the images in the camera, including graphics, wallpaper and screensavers, which seems like a mistake not present in the earlier version.Removing the SIM chip to another phone will save the bare basic info, but so thoroughly scramble to formatting you'd be better off doing it by cable. You can't save games or photos to the chip, either, I don't know if other phones enable this.Oh, games: No Tetris, but I found my favorite and most addictive one, "Zuma". The screen is far to small for a pleasant experience, but it's a novelty for me and helps pass the time in waiting rooms.All the other features of the phone work adequately and are quite useful- stopwatch, countdown recorder, calendar, notepad, alarm clock, etc. I did have to spend a few days with the manual to get an understanding of the software but it made sense fairly quickly. One unbilled feature is that the display is bright enough to use for a flashlight or nightlight when stumbling around in a strange hotel room or parking lot, it gives off enough of a glow to see well.The phone features? Oh yeah, I hardly ever get calls, but from what use I have had, the service is OK. You do need to hold the speaker right next to your ear to get the best volume, I picked up a no-name headset/mike for $8.00 and it does just fine.I live in a rural area that is a canyon, and Cingular consistently has the best signal here. The hot spots around the house are different between phone service and messaging, which is slightly irritating in that I will get a missed call message right after the phone doesn't ring. The camera works OK for what it is- great for catching rare moments in still or video. Same for the audio recorder, I use it for notes and catching info from the car radio. A speaker phone seems to work OK, but playing music is pretty much a waste of time.Not unlike writing a review for an obsolete phone on Amazon.

Recently got my first flip phone, which is this Nokia 6102.  Having been a Nokia user (and FAN) since 2000 when I first signed on with Cingular, I definitely had high hopes and expectations for the 6102.  I had no reason to be disappointed since the Nokia brand has served me well.  I loved their candy-bar style 5190 so much, that I even got my second upgrade phone from Cingular for the same model in 2002 before Nokia discontinued it.  To this date, I hear Nokia's biggest seller is still the 5190.So imagine my disappointment and surprise when I finally plugged the 6102 into play.  First and foremost, reception is average at best.  I know my comments will draw the ire of other users here who have raved about this 6102's reception.  80% of the time, I have to move the earpiece and reposition it over my ear several times over the course of a conversation.  The old 5190 NEVER had this problem.  Again, I hope this problem is due to a sample defect.  Even at that, one rarely hears of quality control issues with Nokia.  It is supposed to be second to NONE in the cell phone industry.  Also, battery life isn't great.  I have to recharge the phone every 3 days and I don't even use the phone all that much, maybe up to 1 hour ++ each day.This underwhelming performance from the 6102 comes as a shock.  I have since returned the phone back to Cingular's eStore for a replacement.  I have declined a replacement for the same model.  While I ponder my next selection, perhaps the Motorola V557 is a good alternate choice, though I was shocked to hear from Cingular reps that the V-557 actually PALES in comparison to the Nokia 6102.  But the reviews here on Amazon for the V-557 are VG, but then so were reviews for the 6102.Already I miss my Nokia 5190.....perhaps I will never give it up again if the Motorola V-557 fails to perform as well.

What do you look for in a cell phone? Is it battery life, features, design, or call quality? Well, let me tell you, you will find all of those in the Nokia 6102.I have had many phones throughout my 2.5 years of being a Cingular Customer. Many have caught my eye, but none like this one has.The design of this phone is amazing. It is the second flip-style Nokia phone I've owned. The flip itself is very sturdy, and the phone does not feel plasticy at all. The spring in the phone feels much better than any Motorola or Samsung flip phone I've ever had. The buttons are a very nice size, which is a good thing for many people. The color, grey and black is an awesome color scheme.All Nokia phones have the basics, text messaging, picture messaging, wireless internet access, etc. This phone takes all of that a step further with class 6 EDGE, FM radio capability, and it has dual displays. The menus are also much easier to use than other phones, and other Nokias.The battery life on this phone is amazing!!! I've made many calls after receiving the phone a few days ago, and the battery strength indicator has not gone down at all! That's pretty amazing. The battery also charges very quickly. A newly designed Nokia charger is used with this device. It's very unique, and is alot smaller than other Nokia chargers.Nokia phones have always been known for their excellent call quality, and ability to keep calls in very low-signal areas. This Nokia phone is no different. There is no traditional GSM hiss noise with this phone, only crystal-clear calls that stay connected for a very long time even in low-signal areas.My overall opinion of this phone is that it is a very trustworthy phone, that won't let you down, especially when you need it most. It has excellent battery life, call quality, and it has all of the features that you will ever need. I have had many phones in the past, and I would recommend this phone above all others.

Great phone.  Nothing super fancy.  FM radio has good sound and can be heard though any ear bud or headphones.  Have to have the head phones to hear the FM radio.  I guess thats Nokias way of getting you to buy accessories.  I suggest downloading the free Nokia Sync software (...).  I charge it one time a week, but then again I don't use the phone a ton either but my old Motorola 720, which was a piece of crap, had to be charged every 1.5 days.Highly recommend this phone.

I recently had a 6102 Nokia Phone. Unfortunitly my joy came to a sudden end when i accidently dropped it in a sink full of water, and it never turned on again. This is to ANY ONE who has a Nokia 6102, and DOES NOT like it. If you are willing to give it away, i WILL TAKE IT!!! DO NOT THROW IT AWAY!!!! If you are one of these people please e-mail me at maryhannah08@yahoo.com and I will talk to you. I really want this phone. I loved it. Please please please don't let me down!!!!Thank you!

I tried this phone with a new Cingular connection this month and found it wanting. The primary difficulty was the volume. Although I kept turning the volume up, the sound did not improve, and I could barely hear my conversations. Thinking the problem might have been an inadequately charged battery, I charged the unit overnight. But the sound level was still poor the next morning.When I returned to the Cingular store the next day, the clerk said that my complaint about this unit was a common one. Be warned.There was in this case a happy ending: I returned the phone for an even exchange and am happy with the Samsung model I obtained as a replacement.

This phone is great. It has all kinds of Voice activated things, from dialing to sending messages. For my alarm clock tone, It's my voice saying "WAKE UP!! WAKE UP!!" How cool is that. Oh well it definitely beats my other phone (Motorola v220- "NO hello moto")(^_^)

After months of searching, I bought the Nokia 6102 to replace the 3590.Wow - Nokia always make such remarkable, solidly-built phones!!!Here are the features I like and dislike.1. Large outside color display on which I can show date and time and photos2. Inside color display is a bit small, but is large enough to show my calendar, and is needed to give the phone its compact size. If you have a big hand, this phone is not for you.3. Excellent voice quality. Also has speaker phone capability that I sometimes find handy. I can walk and talk with the phone cover closed!4. Basic camera keeps me entertained, though I did not initially buy the phone because of this capability. This is so simple to use that anyone can learn to use in an instant.5. Using infrared port, receive (and send) data files such as midi and mp3 music to keep me entertained and set up my ring tones. There is no need for a data cable!!! Be advised that due to limited memory, you can't store much mp3 files. Also, not all midi files are playable. I find the infrared port to work with an older Windows computer, but not a newer one.6. Battery needs recharging every 3-4 days, depending on usage. The charger is small, portable.7. Like my previous mobile, set up unique ring tones for each group in my contacts list. This capability is provided under "Group Details".8. Basic voice recorder - though do not expect to record quality live music using this.9. FM radio, though I did not buy this phone for this capability. You will need to buy a headset accessory to use this feature.

This phone is good as a free upgrade; it's just not great. It has good reception with very few dropped calls, a nice display, and is easy to navigate. I have a cover on mine and have dropped it a few times without incident.The good features:  FM radio (surprisingly good but nokia headphone is required), speakerphone (not bad for as small as it is), and overall quality. Easy-to-use camera for rare photo use, but picture quality is average.The bad:  Difficult to see display outdoors (cover display should be monochrome so one could read it), limited ringtone options, and backlight goes off way too soon.If you're getting a free upgrade, this will suffice for a couple of years as long as its primary use is as a cell phone. As such, it does fine; some of the added features are nice as well.

love this cell phone..i had to get this as a replacement  i had a razer(those phones are pure crap  the same with the slivr)  i was very surprised with this phone  its  very durable,stylish.. and it has excellent reception (ive called overseas with this phone..and had crystal clear calls..take that motorola!)  a cell phone is just that a phone..(not a ohhh its soo thin im afraid to pick it up and actually make a call with it)back to the nokia 6102  this phone you, customize your screens and ringtones..link it to your computer for information  retreivalyou get 2 color screen that have vivid colors..also a nice built in digital camera that has great pixel resoloution for quick  pic snaps(i would not use for my vacation pics  but to have it for quick snaps..this is a nice feature thats  included)they keys are easy to negotiate with..as well as the on screen menues.its also  very small so you can tuck it in your pocket undetected..in summerypros..small compact sizegreat reception/crystal clear calls(even clear voicemail)dual screens/comfortable to hold and usefrom nokia  so the quality is outstandingexcellent price pointtext messaging/picture sendingcons..none that i can find..this phone rocks!if your one of those "oh i gotta cram my whole life onto my sexy phome  which will be obsolete next year anyway' then this is not for you...(hmm since when did cell phones become "sexy" anyway LOL)but if you are educated consumer and know what you want in a high quality cell phone  then by all means check out the nokia 6102..you'll be glad  you didalso, id like to add... its just crazy to pay 299 and up for a cell phone(but people will pay it because theres a sucker born every minute)..a cell phone  DOES NOT make you cool or popular as some people seem to think(those are the  shallow people to say the least im in my 30s and some people my age act like this  and thats very sad)..its a communication device  nuff said  thats what they were designed for.. its crazy to see people spend crazy amounts on a phone because they are so desperate to be cool and thats pathetic..  what makes a person cool..is  the actions that define you as a that person...

After reading all reviews from this site and many other sites. I thought the Nokia 6102 is the good one. However, it turned out a pretty bad phone. I'm very disappointed.I signed up 2 year contract - Family plan with Cingular, a month and one week ago. Grabbed 3 phones.My phone:Pros: just because I frustrated and experienced all the bad things so my mind went blank with the pros. Well, actually there are some things such camera, PC connectivity, speakerphone, dual screen, games but I'm not a fancy type of guys so I don't need to features much.Cons:+ No setting for the backlight, dim out after 15 seconds. Only be able to set permanent ON when CHARGING, that's ridiculous.+ There is delay after pressing Menu key+ Low memory+ Very few ringtones, themes (but I need only 3)+ Background noises, static is way over the exceptable level.+ Poor reception+ Connection drops frequentlyThe top 4 of the cons, I don't care much, I can deal with it while the last 3 are killing me. Anytime I use the phone, I just want to smash it with my hammer.And how can I conclude it was bad?I borrowed the 2-year old Nokia 6200 alike (not a flipfone) from my coworker, swapped the simcard, this old phone performed 10x or even 20x better than my 6102.I've lived in Andover, MA - Nashua, NH areaI tested while on the Seales Rd, the 6102 showed no network coverage, while the old phone worked with no problem.Background noise (static) occurs everytime on the 6102 while the old one is just fine (I tested on every street).In some places, the 6102 shows no reception while the old one indicates 2 or 3 bar.I've tried my other phones (same model 6102), it works a little better but still far behind the old Nokia.First, I thought it was my 6102 problem, it could be a defective unit but tried twice, now I think it is the whole Nokia 6102 series problem. While a lot of people have graded it with very high star, I am very disappointed.I'm thinking buying a Motorola RAZR V3 or even buy back the old Nokia that I tested with from my cowoker. Just can't stand with that little crappy for 2 years. My concern right now is the RAZR is better than the old Nokia or not? Sign!
