
I have been using the v710 for 2 years.  I play games and listen to the mp3 player almost every day and I must say this phone has performed perfectly.  I recently purchased an lg vx8600 in the hopes of adding stereo bluetooth to all the features I love about the v710 but was very dissapointed in the lg.The v710 beats the lg in speaker and music quality and volume, ease of use (no single camera button and volume control is on the top half of the flip phone on the lg), the touch sensitive outer mp3 buttons are too easy to accidentally hit), the lg music manager (vcast) only allows for single songs to be added to playlists (very time consuming), no 2.5mm headphone jack.  Although the lg is beatiful, it is prone to fingerprints and is much less comfortable to hold while making calls (especially not good considering the low volume using the lg speakerphone.All in all, I will wait to get a version of the v710 with navigation and stereo bluetooth.  Until then, I will stick with the v710 an almost perect phone for gamers and music lovers.

But verizon only had this for the bluetooth.  I got it when it came out and, i was extremely pissed off.  For a month i could take the lousiest pictures that i have ever seen.  It was like you pause your vcr on a horribly recorded tape.  I had another phone before this with AT&T for over a year, and that was not a megapixel but 640x400, well it was less resolution but each picture came out 1000 times better in light and otherwise.  Even outside the fotos come out very bad.  Put it this way i never use the camera anymore even when i say i wish a had a camera to take a funny foto of someone.  Its a bluetooth enabled phone which works so so with the 820 motorola headset.  I dont think you should buy this if you need a camera phone, only if you need a bluetooth phone with verizon if there are none others around.  Very dissapointed with the motorolla phone, it was my first and ia had heard many good things about it, which this phone made me forget them and just think of the horrible quality of this phone. ...... OH, and i heard that there is, or was a recall on the first wave of these phones on the camera lens.  I returned it and i got another replaced for free, at least i made motorolla pay for its crappy phone they put out there.  And its quite big for phones out there which are getting smaller every day.  The v600 is much better and a bit smaller.  If they had it for verizon i wouldve gotten it in a heartbeat.

This phone was rushed to production thus passing on the lack of quality to the consumer.  Its poor design starts from the continuation of an inadequately designed charging system that is extremely susceptible to debris, wear, and ultimately failure.  The main screen was permanently scratched within the first week because of the incorrectly sized keypad buttons.  Every time the phone is open/closed it scratches the screen and then the exterior black top hinge.  The screen soon becomes an incredible hindrance to view the contents of the phone.The blue tooth doesn't work with a power book.  What's point really?  Yah you can use a cordless headset but after that there's not much use for it.  The camera is cocked at a funny angle.  Supposedly Moto will fix this but have they communicated that with any consumer?  NOPE.Advantages, it does store your last 60 dialed and received calls.  The speaker phone is convenient but still lacking.  The user interface is well thought out but it should be it's from Moto and they've been doing this since the beginning.Currently my phone has been sent in for repair because it doesn't charge at all even after multiple batteries and chargers.  The screen is scratched to oblivion.Do not believe the hype.  Moto severely jumped the gun on this one.  Don't buy this phone and let the buck be passed to you.

I did some research before buying this phone and I found out that to use a lot of the phone's features, you will end up shelling out way too much money to Verizon. They disable the Motorola-built features and replace them with customized features that they charge you for every time they are used.(...)The phone itself is an unbelievable piece of technology, but has been crippled by Verizon.

This phone is pretty reliable and easy to use.  It has useful featueres, such as bluetooth and a built in camera.  On occasion, it needs to be turned off and on to communicate via bluetooth properly with other devices (e.g. headset, palm, computer).  This phone does not support OBEX, which means the phone cannot sync contact lists with your computer or palm device.  The data transfer is 1xrtt (?) and not EVDO as in the E815.  However, unlike the Motorola E815, it can use the analog network as well in case you are in a rural area or if the network is busy (e.g. around New Year or potentially some type of disaster.The phone also has a convenient speakerphone feature.Two types of batteries are available.  In addition to the standard battery, the extended battery which is twice as big requires that a larger battery door be placed on the phone.Overall, I wish that they would have been a bit more careful with the software design, but I would definitely buy the phone again.

[...]Additionally the v710 takes HORRIFICALLY POOR photos indoors, and outdoors unless there is incredibly BRIGHT light.  I have a Canon G6 digital camera so I wasn't expecting spectacular pix, but for a $500 you'd think motorola would have done better.

Let me start by saying I love my phone.  That being said, there are some features people may be looking for in a phone that it just doesn't have.  First, it's bigger and heavier than any other "camera phone" you're going to find out there.  The picture quality is crap compared to other 1 megapixel camera phones.  Also, the camera does not have a flash, it has a crappy light which is pretty much only good for finding your Bluetooth, it is definitely disabled.  I don't have any accessories, but I do have Bluetooth in my Apple iBook.  I can make a 14.4 internet connection, but that's it.  The phone does not work with iSync and files can't be transfered via Bluetooth.  There was a class action lawsuit over this, and to be honest, I will probably be getting a new phone soon.  If I can keep my v710 I will, though.  Because like I said, I do love it.

I bought this for the bluetooth connectivity to my Totota Prius navigation system. I connected well  BUT  when I wanted to move my phone book from the phone to the Prius system it would not work.  I took it to the local Verizon Wirelees Tech Support guy and he said that Verizon had disabled the ability of the phone to transfer the phone book. The Prius system (and most Nav Systems) only let you enter new phone #'s etc. from the phone- not the screen. I returned the phone.  This is Verizon's problem-- not Motorola's!

I have owned this phone since December 2004.  While I do appreciate many of its features, this phone falls short on some very important basic functions:1. Battery life, as mentioned by many, is terrible.2. The flimsy plug-in phone charger (and where it connects into the phone) is quite testy - and I fear it is on its way to failing completely. When it DOES work? It takes FOREVER to charge.3. Humidity severely affects this phone. If hands are even slightly damp/sweaty or it is humid outside (which is the case nearly all summer in NJ) - the display turns off.4. This phone constantly turns itself all the way off - and the only way to get it to turn back on is to remove the battery, put it back in, and hold the power button for about 15 seconds.5. Motorola's instruction booklet for this phone is possibly the worst I have ever seen.  Pathetic.6. I do not get great reception with this phone. At all. (Now, this could be my carrier's fault... something that makes no sense - having one of the largest carrier's in the nation, living in the most densely populated state in the nation and receiving such horrible service.)7. I do not want a "refurbished" USED phone when I go in for help.  Either fix the phone I have or give me a new one with no problems.  I do not want a phone that already has problems... because guaranteed, they haven't fixed the problem - they just cleaned it up and put it in a new box.These few things are enough for me to want to throw this Motorola out the window and never look back. These are basic issues - and for the price?  The phone should work. Period.Overall? Disappointed.

My husband purchased 2 of these phones for each of us. We've had for over a year and it constantly gives us problems. The battery life is very short. The battery on his phone lasts only a few hours and he doesn't even use it that much.I have a problem with the Bluetooth for my car. Lately, the phone does not ring at all in the car. So, I miss all my calls. This phone needs alot of improvement.I only gave it 3 stars because Verizon service is reliable. The phone has many functions and it's easy to use but as far as reliable that it is not. Do not buy this phone. Not worth the money!!

I bought the phone more than a year ago primarily because of its attractive appearance and blue-tooth options.  1 year later, and after my third replacement, i finally gave up on the phone and didn't even want a free replacement.  i'll list below some of it's fatal fautls which seem to be consistent with other posters:1.)  The camera phone takes exceptionally poor-quality pictures2.)  The battery life is unacceptably poor3.)  The inlet to the phone malfunctions so half the time you're fighting with the phone to charge it4.)  It's heavy as a rock5.)  Initially, the phone keys rubbed against the screen scratching it.6.)  The border around the camera lens was poorly glued on that it fell of on the second day I had it.7.)  I had it replaced twice because the screen went dead the first time; the second time the inlet to the charger got loose and i was unable to charge it.Each time i went in to verizon, i was made to feel it was my fault for the poorly built POS.  one time they pointed out a scratch on the phone implying it was my fault and that i must've dropped it.  I had phones in the past, dropped them 100x more than this puppy and none gave me problems.  In the end, after my third replaced phone went dead, I simply gave up and bought a differnt model.The only Pro to this phone is the recption.  Great voice quality and reception but when everything else is falling appart, it's  not worth it.

This is a great phone in terms of reception.  There are some design flaws.  If carrying the phone in a bag, it is easy to inadvertently hit the record button or to lower the sound of the ringer.  There are limited ringers that come with the phone and it is difficult if not impossible to download ringers without buying Verizon's Get It Now package or hacking into the phone.The camera is USELESS for indoor shots. The Bluetooth feature is only useful for a headset.  Verizon has made it impossible to sync it with your computer.  It is a nice looking phone if a bit long.  The keyboard is odd. You can list multiple numbers for each entry, and that's a plus.

First, I must say, that as a avid user of T-Mobile's Sidekick 2, Sprint PCS' Samsung VGA1000 and Verizon's Samsung n330, that I am superbly amazed and duely impressed with the functions and serious personalization of the Motorola v710. It seems like everything down to the color of the display can be adjusted to your liking. Every menu item seems to have numerous sub-menu items for even more in-depth customizations. This phone allows you to customize your shortcuts for easier access, where other phones have limited applications that can be used as shortcuts. The phone books capacity is excellent it can hold 500 contacts with multiple entries(for those of who read the manual or toyed around with the phone first...lol). Not to mention the sound quality on this device is excellent. It plays MP3 either on the speaker or through headphones(another very cool factor). The obvious things that come with this phone like video recording and camera functions are average and nothing to really call home about. The speakerphone is flawless and my favorite part is that you can do everything voice-related(even memos and voice dialing-another great feature) and it's really clear faraway and obviously upclose. This phone is really user-friendly and allows for quick access to features that you will most likely use while driving such as the right side one-push voice menu for voice dialing or the left side speakerphone button. Also, this phone(with the additional purchase of a data cable and Cd-Rom) can be used as a modem for laptops and has Bluetooth capabilities for wireless Bluetooth enabled headsets. On top of that, you can upload MP3's to an Transflash SD card and actually listen to them on your phone-how cool is that? ******Also, for those of us who couldn't figure out how to turn the volume of the ringer down and up without opening the flip...read carefully: Press the left volume key up/down with the flip closed and your ringer setting should appear instead of the clock(ex. "Loud", "Soft"), next press the little button below it and voila!!! You are now changing ur ringer settings. How cool is that and thanks to the manual for not telling us this trick!******My only qualms about this phone is that I haven't figured out exactly how to change my external display, if that's even a possibility. Also, I tried emailing-texting myself MP3 attachments only to find that I can't download them(most likely Verizon's doing). Other than that, I love this phone and its a true powerhouse. The battery lasts pretty long and my calls are clear and its very sleek looking. Alot of people say the phone is bulky but I disagree especially after owning a Sidekick 2.If you're looking for a phone that does it all go and get this phone because it's a maniac(in a good way)!!!

I have owned some great Motorola phones and some pretty crappy ones.  This is the worse so far.  I thought you could not get any lower than my old Motorola V60, but this one takes the cake. Too many issues to mention, but here are a few:- The display in the front only works half the time.- For a while the phone would just turn itself off while you were speaking.- Phonebook entries dissapear.- Battery life is nothing short of dissapointing.Additionally, you really cant do much with the phone.  Verizon disabled the bluetooth for file transfer, and even if you buy the motorola connectivity kit, there are very few things you can transfer.As for the positives, well, they are like finding a dollar bill in a cereal box.  While there are some nice features, there is nothing there to change your life.As my contract just came up, I will get a new (non-Motorola) phone with a new service and have a burial seremony for this dud.

Have had this phone for a couple of weeks. Traded up from a  T720i, a great improvement, much more usable, the screen resolution is just awesome. Menus and "get it now" features are much faster. I have been using  a sandisk 128mb transflash and USB reader to transfer images and ringtones/mp3's with no problems.You can fit a ton of pictures/mp3's on that card. you do have to copy any audio files from the card over to the phone memory to use as a ringotne. There is a ton of free audio editing software out there to create & edit your own ringtones. This is a good way to get around Verizon's pay-for-pictures/ringtones junk. Buttons have a nice solid feel. Speaker phone is loud and voice dialing works very well. I had some trouble with the unit turning off unexpectedly, but has not happened since I fully charged the battery. I have not used bluetooth yet, and don't plan to. Camera is decent for a phone, video is pretty choppy. All of the applications I have downloaded look great on the display.

I'm sad that people aren't happy with this phone. I've had excellent reception, battery life is awesome, it comes with cool rings, and its not so small that I lose it in my purse! I think this is a great phone.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  This phone is GREAT in terms of RF and use BUT thats about it, everything you would expect from motorola such as camera and bluetooth have been CRIPPLED SEVERLY!!!  You can even use BT to transfer pics or mp3s.  You have to FLASH the phone for it to work which is a pain.  VERIZON has crippled this phone by disabling other features like MULTIMEDIA function from their program Mobile Phone tools so the ONLY way is to use their EXPENSIVE Get it NOW Program.STAY AWAY!!! DONT GET THIS PHONE TIL THEY FIX IT IN THE FUTURE!!!

So I switched from T-Mobile to Verizon and am quite happy with the signal and coverage.Verizon truly does have the best coverage around the San Francisco Bay area.The Motorola V-710 phone stood out as a sleak and sexy piece compared to all other phones that Verizon carried. It has an amazing color screen and fantastic reception.If you are looking for a great phone with basic features, I suggest you get it at this amazingly low price.But I wanted something more.... Bluetooth and freedom.The V-710 really is Verizon's crippled bluetooth phone. They have disabled all but 1 bluetooth feature.You cant transfer images, ringtones etc to your phone. Bluetooth feature can only be used for the hedset. This really sucks.Also I was forced to purchase the extended battery cause the 2 color screens at > 65,000 resoultion kills the available battery in under 1.5 hours.The phone is heavy but thats normal for CDMA. It's also oversized to fit the screen and keys. Eventually you will get used to it.There are pro's and con's....... But overall I am happier now than I was with my Sony Ericcson T-610 running off T-Mobile.

Caveat!! this phone is pretty good, but Verizon has limited the bluetooth capabilities to supporting a headset only, in other words, if you want to get a file (ie: photos, addresses, messages) into or out of the phone, you can't use bluetooth to transfer them to or from your computer.  You must either pay to e-mail them, buy the software/usb cable, or the extra memory card and card reader.  I would have returned the phone, but I didn't buy the bluetooth fob until after the trial period was over.  I've written to Verizon, but always get a corporate doublespeak letter in return, and the problem remains.

[...]PROslarge bright screengood signal.decent speaker phoneCONSBad battery life (I even got the extra bulky extend battery and it still dies before the end of the day).Shows only 3 contacts at a time even though it has a huge screen. Enough of the fancy graphics guys, I am not a 2 year old, give me something I can use. I used to have a VX6000 with a much smaller screen: guess what it showed 6 contacts at a timeBluetooth is Verizon specific, can't use it with standard bluetooth equipment. Thats because Verizon modified the BT on this phone to make you have to buy Verizon's peripherals. It seems like to me Verizon, is more concerned with profits at the expense of customers needs.Voice Dialing has weak voice-recognition. It gets the number wrong and proves to be an impendment rather than at asset. After saying the number for the 5th time I get frustrated and want to throw the phone into a lake. Instead I end up finally taking my eyes of the road and dialing the number with my fingers.... a serious safety liability.Mega-pixel Camera - WHATEVER! The phone proves that just because you are saving larger files does not mean they are quality images. The picture quality is not good at all. In fact I have seen camera phones with lower resolution that take better pictures. I guess the take home here is that Mega-pixel is just a marketing buzz word. More does not mean better image quality. I would love to see someone put a Canon Lens in a phone with a Canon CCD. Now that would deliver great photographs that are visual superior at any resolution.User Interface - the LG VX6000 spoiled me with its in believable intuitive interface. The V710 interface feels clumsy. It lack intuitive design and solid information architecture.[...]

This phone is great and with great features!!!  The battery is long lasting, the menu is just my other Motorola so I di have no problem.  I think it is user friendly but you have to be able to spend some time with it.I am very angry at Verizon for blocking the Bluetooh Features.  This phone has great potential and we should be able to use them.For me this phone is a great deal even by the price $76.00 brand new!!  I bought it direct from Verizon, the discount I got was due to my husband's corporate discount, so in all, I cannot complain about the phone, but I keep reccomending people not to hook up with Verizon.  I am "serving time" with them for the next 2 years because I wanted this phone. There is no free lunch.

I've had this phone for one year.  At the time I thought it was a great-looking phone with plenty of features.  After one year I still think it's a pretty decent phone - but definitely not as attractive as some newer ones on the market.  I agree with other reviewers that the camera isn't that great.  I guess on the plus-side the phone does hold a lot of the images.  Similarly, it holds a decent amount of ringtones and the ringer speaker is prety loud (depending on the ringtone of course).  I don't use the Bluetooth feature, so I can't comment on it.Overall, I'm pleased with this phone.  At the time it was $100 or so - which I think to be a fair price.  From my experience with this phone, however, I will next purchase something without an antenna.  This, is in my opinion, the biggest complaint I have as it looks and feels very cheap.

Make sure you read what the bluetooth profile is actually capable of doing for the carrier you are using e.g. Verizon Wireless.  I purchased this phone on line at almost no cost due to a promotion.  What I neglected to do is read the actual blue tooth profile the phone is capable of doing.  To much shock due to my ignorance, my phone was actually crippled by my carrier. (with the exception of blue tooth wireless headsets)Anyway, I'm now on my 3rd phone and was upgraded to a motorola E815.  I was constantly experiencing problems of "unable to charge".  Well at least after many trips to Verizon Wireless, they at least took care of me. It's amazing how many people have the same problem w/motorola phones.  I noticed this while waiting at the tech support counter for my address book to be transferred.Oh yeah, forget the 1.2 megapixel camera!  It's truly crappy and worthless.Co-workers first impression of the phone is that it looks very cheap.It's not all bad news however.  The phone has an additional memory slot for transflash card. This is a wonderful feature if your computer is capable of handling transflash cards.  You can basically transfer your pictures, videos and music files directly to you computer and vice versa at no additional monthly charge!I love the speaker phone feature which I prefer over the blue tooth wireless headsets.The alarm clock feature truly wakes me up in the morning as long as you program it with a truly absurd ring tone. That is great news if you are travelling.

I bought this phone 1 month ago. I have used bluetooth service (hands free - JEBRA 250 bluetooth device). These are my observations. I haven't used camera but it is nothing special.Pros1) Good Battery Life2) Excellent call quality (I use verizon)3) Excellent Speaker Phone4) Excellent LCD screenCons"1) BULKY - BULKY - My biggest complaint2) Contact entry: If you want to enter 3 different phone# for a single person. That person will show up 3 times in ur contact list which is not good (I think they made like this to provide voice recognizition system -)3) Voice recognizition system SUCKS - Needs lot of improvement even after training with my wordsSo this purchase is a trade off between nice features and bulkiness at the of the day---------I bought CDMA 9810 (AUDIO VOX) which is SUCKS - NO Question about it. I returned it and bought Motorola 710I used CDMA 9800 (AUDIOVOX) earlier which was good. I liked it. CDMA 9800 is better than 9810 (which is higher version 9800)which is quite surprising. They just added few feautres.---------I can't CDMA 9800, 9810 of Audivox with Motrola 710 as 710 out weighs the other two in many aspects even though audiovox beats motorola in terms BULKINESS.I hope this helps u guys

This phone is the top-of-the-line. There's so much to explore in this little phone and a ton of features. This will take you hours to find all of the little offerings this phone packs. Great phone - A++!

I got this phone after having used both a Motorola V600 and V551 on Cingular.  It's better than both.  Verizon service in Los Angeles is much better than Cingular, for starters, but the V710 is better than the other phones too.  First, the screen is huge and bright.  Better than the others.  And like the V551, but unlike the V600, when using the phone with a bluetooth headset, the phone will ring (in addition to the headset), which is a huge plus.  The negatives: the keypad is lousy, the camera is lousy, the external disply does not show the time when not lit, and the phone is larger than the GSM models.  But those are all worthwhile sacrifices for better service.  And for all of the complaining about the crippled bluetooth, it isn't a big deal at all.  Using mobile phonetools you can still sync your phonebook with Outlook using bluetooth.  Bluetooth headsets also work great.  The only bluetooth "loss" is the ability to transfer ringtones.  Not such a big deal, if you ask me.  This phone has just been replaced by the Motorola e815.  For the price difference, I'd get the V710.  The newer one addresses all of the negatives mentioned, but at a ~$125 price premium, which just doesn't seem worth it.  And you loose analog in the new one, which only matters if you travel in the middle of nowhere often.  At the end of the day, if Verizon has the best service in your area, this phone is a steal at its current price.  You can disregard all reviews older than Feb 2005 since the phone had a lot of issues that were corrected with a revision around that date (earpiece volume, etc.).

This phone has a mediocre user interface, (virtually) featureless bluetooth, and HORRIBLE phonebook/contact management.First, the user interface: It's ok. It is nice that it allows the ability to customize which options are displayed (and in what order they appear) on the"home page" of the phone. Unfortunately that, along with the 1.2 megapixel camera, are the only good things I have found with this phone.Second, the bluetooth: This phone does not allow copying items to/from the phone using a bluetooth compatible computer (and does not allow emailing of photos, so there is no way to get the photos to your computer!), AND there is no way to perform contact/address book sync with a computer or handheld device (pda). Also, no calendar sync.Third, there is no way to have a single phonebook entry (person) containing multiple phone numbers! Each phone number occupies a line in the phone book, so needless to say, the phonebook list is WAY longer than it needs to be (very few people that I contact frequently have only 1 phone number... I think my grandma is the only person I know that has only 1 phone number)It isn't a bad phone otherwise.. maybe I've just come to expect more from a cell phone (for example, my less expensive Sony Ericsson T610 had full bluetooth addressbook/calendar sync, a more neatly organized phonebook.. although took slightly lower quality pictures). But it remiscent, aside from the nicer screen/graphics and camera) of an old, circa 1999 Nokia I had... although waaaaayy more expensive.

I recently switched from to Verizon and purchased this phone and I was a little disappointed with some of the features.  For example, the memory slot is great but, you can't transfer any MP3 on there from your home PC and use them as ring tones. The phone comes with 2 MP3 ringtones but, Verizon won't let you download MP3s.  You can only download CDMA purevoice. So if we were planning on using MP3 ring tones with Verizon, don't waste your money on this phone.Motorola didn't put all of thier best features on this phone. I used to own a Motorola i95 which you could list multiple phones numbers (home, work, cell etc) for a single contact.  With this phone you have to make a new contact entry for each phone number even if it is for the same contact.  Does anyone know why Motorola is goind backwards?The camera is OK and doesn't give you the picture quality a 1.2 megapixel should.That being said, the quality of service is very good.  I've had the phone for about a month now and only had 1 call where I was hearing echos.  I haven't had any calls rejected because the network was busy (unlike the 2 a week I had with Nextel).

This is the phone that made Verizon start telling you that they were crippling Bluetooth. They've settled a lawsuit, and while the policy continues with newer phones-- bluetooth to headsets and such only, not for file transfer to your Palm or PC (they'd rather charge you send yourself pictures..)--at least they tell you about it now.

I bought this phone the day it was released, which coincided with my Verizon contract expiration and "free phone" period, after allowing myself to be seduced by the pre-release hype.  As about everybody knows by now, the device is seriosly crippled by Verizon. As a telephone, it's pretty good, though there are undoubtedly others that perform as well and can be got for a quarter the price.  The absence of fully functional Bluetooth, however, overrides the features that made it desirable in the first place.  And Verizon's attitude towards its early adopters have me seriously considering another carrier the next time I'm due to re-up.

if you don't want to read this whole thing, take-home message is:  you can get a phone with the same **useful** features that this phone has, for less money.  but the phone looks so so pretty.  my friends are all jealous of my phone, cuz all the features it has that their phones don't.  but you really don't use most of the stuff this phone has.also, it's kinda heavy.  that motorola razor phone (the thin one) looks cool.  you should also look into that phone.i paid $400 for mine, for all the features the phone has...it wasn't worth it.i use mp3 player, speech commands (but it usually doesn't work correctly) camera, and speakerphone (this works good).i don't use, and i probably never WILL use, the bluetooth stuff, internet (you pay a monthly fee), video camera.battery life is pretty bad.  you'll be charging the phone every night while you sleep.  or else it beeps loudly and very annoying.the camera sucks.  you need a LOT of BRIGHT light (like sunlight), or else it's pretty much black-and-white.  the phone has a light, but it really doesn't help.  bad quality and little clarity.  even a disposable camera works better.you can text/pic message your friends.  you pay for this stuff too.  but it's fun to text your people. you can also download games for a one-time fee.phone comes with a memory slot.  you pretty much NEED to buy that $50 memory card (and a port that'll transfer files onto the card), cuz there's hardly any free space on the phone (you probably couldn't put one full song on the phone).  they say you get 10 mb.  that's not much space (about 2-3 full songs), but most of it's already used up on non-deleteable sounds/pics.  side note: for ringtones, make it mono (coming through one speaker)...that cuts file size in half.  download the music program "audacity" to cut songs short for ringtones and change to mono.speakers work good.  speakerphone works real good too.  you can give each person in your phonebook their own ringtone (but ringtones MUST be stored on phone, and there's really not much space available).volume is pretty good on this baby.

This is a mid-priced phone, with solid features all-around, including bluetooth, good reception, nice compact size, and good battery life.  If you buy it with those expectations, you'll be very happy with it.  Compared to the higher-end phones though, it has some drawbacks.I've had it for a few months.Pros:- Reliable- Very good reception -- an improvement over prior phone from a couple years ago- Compact- Bluetooth (works with headphones and car, not with PDA)- Photos and movies (these are just novelty features to me, but they work -- I've sent little video clips I've taken to another phone... kind of cute)- Loud ringer- Web browsingCons:- Web browsing is pretty slow and limited- The "organizer" features aren't great- The add-on motorola tools software for connecting to outlook is kind of clunkyThe cons are relative to what you'd get on a higher end, more expensive phone like a microsoft win-ce enabled phone.  If you compare to similar price-point phones, this one is a very good value.

I purchased the phone because of the Bluetooth technology.  This technology has been mostly disabled by Verizon.  Do not buy if you plan to use this phone with Bluetooth.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  WILL SELL SHARES OF MOTOROLA AND VERIZON AS ONLY RECOURSE.  BURNED ONCE NEVER AGAIN!

Generally, this phone is fine. The pics are awful. That might need to be fixed, though. Otherwise, it's fairly easy to use.

Verizon has disabled the bluetooth file transfer and the file transfer from transFlash, so you have to subscribe to their extra services over the cell network (which they also charge for your airtime) to transfer files and programs.  Even mp3 music files.totally defeats the purpose of buying this phone with "bluetooth"

FIRST OFF, IF YOU OWN THIS PHONE, AND WOULD LIKE TO SIMPLIFY YOUR ADDRESS BOOK, TO SHOW ONE NAME WITH MULTIPLE ENTRIES UNDER THAT ONE NAME, THEN DO AS FOLLOWS...1. Access your phonebook.2. Enter phonebook menu (top most middle button)3. Scroll to the bottom and select "set up"4. Scroll to View (at the bottom of the list) and select.5. Change view setting to "Primary Contacts"6. ExitThis will allow you to view your phonebook with only one entry appearing for a person, and allow you to scroll through that entry if the person has more than one number, much like other cell phones you have had in the past.  This will not interfere with you voice dialing settingsPros1. Outstanding signal strength, and call quality.  I have had Sprint, Cingular, and Nextel.  Verizon is leaps and bounds above their so-called competition.2. Certain media applications are superior.  Real ringtones sound outstanding.  The larger buttons, make game and application navigation easy.3. Bluetooth connection blew me away.  Serving only as an earpiece to keep your hands free, the 710 functions very well.  The name dial options once programmed performed admirably, and calling a person with several entries means having to say an extra word.Cons (this is where it gets messy)1. Standard battery is completely inadequate for a heavy cell phone user.  A two hour conversation will exhaust your battery.  The extended battery (highly recommended) will increase you talk time to about 5 1/2 hours.2. Software, software, software.  The phone can lag behind from menu screen to menu screen for 30 or more seconds.  The phone will lock up.  I cannot access my security functions after having been to the verizon store twice for software upgrades and servicing.3. YOU WILL HAVE TO HAVE THIS PHONE SERVICED.  I have not known a single person who has this phone that has not had to spend  a bit of time in the Verizon store, waiting for their phone to be repaired.  Software problems, external caller ID problems ect, ect.4. Camera stinks.  I do not use it much, probably bcause I do not need photos of colored blurs, and hazy photos.  If you are the type of user that likes a quality camera phone, THEN AVOID THIS PARTICULAR PHONE AT ALL COSTS.5. This phone will seem huge, but that is why the buttons are easier to use.  But I have not had a phone this large and cumbersome since 1999.For the one who would like a reasonably priced, aesthetically pleasing, crystal clear and dependable PHONE, then buy without hesitation.  If you need a multi media hot rod to do everything but make phone calls, then run from this phone as fast as possible.

I got this phone in June. It worked great all summer and I snapped fairly decent shots with it. Then in October it decided it didn't want to take half my calls AND it didn't store my pictures anymore. So Verizon gave me another V710 and it worked pretty well. Then in January my SECOND V710 stopped saving pictures again so they gave me a third one! If my phone stops working agian I will get down on my hands and knees and beg for a different model. But besideds that the battery life is GREAT! I play games, TXT and talk all day and by the time I go to bed I still have full battery life.

Having used this phone for the last 3 months, I think I have it figured out. It Sucks !!!Pros:1. Has Bluetooth - Basic, but at least it has it2. Brilliant color screen - pretty good screen3. Adequate memory - stores tons of contacts & can add additional trans-flash memory4. reception: better than other Motorola phonesCons:1. Bluetooth - Basic Bluetooth... all you can do is connect to a hands-free device. You sync your contacts, emails, calendar etc to your PC but you need to buy the PhoneTools software from Motorola. You cannot use it as a modem to connect to the internet for your laptop using Bluetooth - you have to buy a data cable for that.2. Camera - Supposedly a 1.2 Mega pixel camera... it takes pics worse than my 2 year old Samsung camera. Very bad picture quality.3. Antenna - you would expect for the price of the phone you get a good antenna, but the extendable antenna pops out very easily and I have already bent it in my pocket several times. Extendable antennae are past, all the new phones have fixed antennae.4. Battery - My battery discharges in 3 hours now, even if I don't use it. Mine could be a defective battery.5.  Build quality - right from day one I have noticed when I open the clamshell it makes scratches on the case... now remember, the case it black & it gets very visible.... This is really unacceptable.I expected more from Motorola, but I am really disappointed. Bought it when it was first released since it was the latest & greatest... ouch.... what a mistake, I should have believed the other reviews. I guess Motorola knows about these flaws that why it came up with a newer model - V810/E815 pretty much immediately.  Not sure how good the newer models are, but make sure you read the reviews before you buy them.

I guess that Verizon service must really suck.  This is the best phone I have ever had.  I wouldn't trade it for anything.  I was with ATT wireless, and in their merger to Cingular everyone in Oklahoma was "sold" to Alltel.  I did not want to change, nor give up my Nokia phone which I loved.  I did not think anything could replace my Nokia, but this V710 is leaps and bounds better.1. The reception is excellent!  I live in a rural area, and I always seem to have coverage/good connection.  I don't even use the extendable antennae.  I ALWAYS leave it internally, and have GREAT reception.2. Voice recognition is tremendous!  I had a Nokia where you could make "voice tags", but this phone recognizes ALL your contacts entries without having to record a voice tag.  It will also do a "digit dial" function where you just say the # and it will dial for you.3. Camera is O.K.  I think the camera works fine.  Are there better ones out there?  Sure, but I didn't buy it for the camera, just wanted a good phone.4. Displays--WOW!!  The inner display is tremendous, large bright screen, and easy to see.  The outer display works great, and if you put a photo id with each contact it will display a picture of the person calling outside when the phone rings.  If not, it displays the caller id info.5. Battery o.k.  I don't talk on my phone 3 hours a day, but I do use the internet functions to check on news and sports.  My battery life is comparable to other phones I have had.  If this is an issue they do offer an extended life battery.6. Speakerphone.  This is gerat.  I only tried using it out of curiousity because of some other reviews.  I have never liked using this on any other phone, but on the V710 it is very clear, and easy to use, and the other end of the call can hear you well also.7. Bluetooth.  Alltel has apparently not disabled this to the extent that others have.  Works fine.Bottom Line:  This is the best phone I have ever used, and if your looking for a phone this is the one to have.  If you want a great camera or mp3 player that drops calls, then maybe look elsewhere.

This phone is incredibly user friendly. Picture of person calling appears next to their name if you store them next to phone no. speaker phone is also a nice feature.

I have owned the V710 for about 7 weeks now and it works most of the time, but I would be happier with less dropped calls better reception.I would have especially been happier if the rep at Verizon told me to wait a few weeks for the upgraded version, the E815, which just came out last week.  It fixes the issue with the keyboard layout, the speaker phone works better, it has more ringtones and also more built-in memory.  And for those who want a better camera, the E815 works better.My girlfriend has the newer one and her's wins hands down.  And to top it off, it is the same price on Verizon's website!Verizon won't do anything for me since it is past the 15 day trial period, and from what I understand, they don't care if I am happy or not, just that they have me wrapped up in a 2 year plan with the sub-par phone!If you are a techie geek like I am, get the newer model...you'll be happier!

1) Not performing to specifications: battery life is very bad and charging the phone takes time - this phone doesn't really last more than 1.5 days. Poor Design for battery swapping: swapping battery is not an easy job. The cover needs to be removed and often gets stuck (I don't know why) I had to remove the antenna to remove the cover. I had to pry the battery to get it out. Replacing the battery is also an issue. I need to line it up perfectly. I found out the first time I installed the battery. The cover snapped back OK and the phone worked but it wouldn't charge. So swapping batteries is not a solution for the battery life issue.2) Not performing to specifications: camera takes poor pictures based on specifications and comparing to other cell phones that are less epensive.3) Poor user interface design for the Phone Book due to the display of multiple entries for cell, home, office, Fax, etc. with the same contact name.

Recently upgraded from the v265, and wish I had purchased this in the first place. The 265 was a good phone but this phone has all the latest features, including BT. I resisted buying this phone due to the talk about limited BT functionality but realized it was just hype and I would not use anything more than the Headset or Car Kit anyway.Beyond the features the quality of the phone take advantage of the great Verizon Network. I have had a few carriers and Verizon is the way to go. Not only is the quality much better but I actually pay less since most of my friends and contacts are on Verizon and such a high percentage of my minutes are covered under in calling. I take more advantage of this than I ever did rollover.

I had Tmobile earlier and swtiched  to verizon just bcos i was fascinated with the features this phone was offering...but once i got this phone today...i m totally displeased..The phone is BULKY..its fat and long with a longer antenna. I had v300 earlier and I thought it was thick but this thing turned out to be thicker. Silver/Black combo ..doesnt suit my taste atleast ...more or less looks similar to v600. Features are pretty decent,1.2 MP camera,mp3 player..which i havent tested yet. As others say Bluetooth is just an exageration,thanks to Verizon.The best part is its screen,its biiiiiiiiiig, but the sad part is you(at least I) cannot press the * and # keys easily as its tooo far for your thumb. The outer screen shuts off in 5 secs ruffly..you cant even see the time as in v300 or v600.Infacct you have to press one of the buttons to see that.Verizon doesnt ship it with ANY GAMES AT ALL...I spent an hour searching for games which werent there at all.I even tried the Motorola Mobile phone tools with the USB, sadly,even that was not able to transfer pics and ringtones in and out of phone, as was poss in v300. I seriously dont understand the problem with verizon,why it crippled it to an absolute NOTHING!.The flip opens and closes with force...ie it doesnt open up easily and smoothly.it just pushes on you( might not be a big deal but you do it for 10 mins and you minght end up injuring your thumb).I seriously doubt if it will fit in my jeans pocket..its so damn long, I only wish people dont misunderstand such a bulky thing in my pocket for something else...:-?Its a average peice,nothing awesome about it,but if you are a newbie to camera phones, this might be just for you.Think once before you buy!MOST IMP THING!!!Make sure your contract ends on your old service before porting number to the new service,or else you might end up paying a termination fee. I was about to pay $200 for porting 4 days before expiry of my contract,but long hours of calls to customer care on Tmobile & Verizon saved me from that. T Mobile cust care dint tell me , when last time I asked them about the details of porting.

this is the best phone from Verizon. if you're stuck with Verizon Wireless, this is the best deal. use it as mp3 player in the gym. ability to use mp3 ringtones is a great fun. great voice dial. very dependable as a phone - excellent reception, no dropped calls, good sound, exceptional speakerphone.I'd give it 4.8 instead of 5 because of crappy camera (don't care much about that).

I am now on my second V710; the first one got wet and the screen went dead. It seems that Verizon and Motorola have updated the V710 before they discontinued it, and the phone is better than ever. For the price amazon.com is offering this phone with the rebate, you cannot miss this opportunity. I have never had a problem with using bluetooth on this phone, and the picture quality is very good. This is a great cellphone.

Overall, this phone is great, but it has its flaws. The reception is flat out amazing. The camera stinks, and many 1 megapixel cameras are better than this one. The large screen is totally awesome, and I really love that about the phone. The  LCD screen in the front is sufficient for a second screen. Overall, I really love this phone even after 8 months of use. The battery life is also great, and I have never really run out of battery when I really needed it. If you are looking for a fair-priced phone, I really think you should look into the V710. I thought it was a great buy. Thanks for reading my review.

I have previously owned the v400, v525, v600, and now the v710. I am definitely glad I switched, this was the nicest and most reliable phone out of those. My only complaint with these Verizon phones is with the antenna size.

This phone is great, I love it. BUT Verizon crippled it - they disabled object transfer over bluetooth, so you won't be able to get pictures off your phone, put mp3's onto your phone, or download your contact list withouth buying a Transflash Card and Reader.This is something Verizon did because profit is their middle name - they want you to pay $.25/picture to send them to yourself. They want you to buy THEIR ringtones through Get It Now.Other than this problem, the phone is great. Pictures are a bit grainy and dark, but they are as good as can be expected from a phone. The form factor is a bit bigger than expected, but the screen is absolutely huge!For more info about this phone, there is a user community at:[...] - it's under the Verizon heading.

I got  this phone because it had the best "reception" reviews and was compatible with the best (locally...) provider.The reception *is* good (which is why I got it), so I don't really care that the camera is below mediocre, the evil Verizon disabled its connectivity and the battery's only good for one day.BUT, it keeps losing audio when you try to make a call - it's not a network issue, it connects okay, but neither party gets any sound. I ordered two phones, one was really bad so I exchanged it. Now the same s**t is happening with the other original and the replacement.It is possible that this is a Verizon only issue, their store tech support is absolute garbage (although their telephone customer service people are models of polite helpfulness - go figure) and denied there was any problem because they couldn't reproduce it after a couple of test calls.I give up. I just want a reliable phone to make PHONE CALLS but it doesn't exist. If you look at all phone reviews, at least 1 in 8 is very negative. No mfr has good quality control, and the development outpaces testing (just like Microsoft, the bane of my work life).Take home message: never get a 2-year contract for any phone or any provider, that way you can look forward to retrying the phone lottery in reasonable time.

This is supposed to be the only non-pda bluetooth phone by verizon.  I had to get this phone as I was limited to verizon service- other carriers weren't working well in my area.Pros:Saves last 60 calls dialed and receivedGr8 screen, signalbluetoothCons:Bulky- the antenna gets stuck everytime in my trouser pocketBluetooth probably works, i haven't tried yet, but what sucks is verizon's effort to make money everyway and not let bluetooth be used as the user wantsThe outside display gets blackened out and u have to press the button to see the time.Not too many ring tones, games etc.

... if you need the best reception possible the V710 is a great choice.  I bought this phone because my LG VX6000 (also Verizon) couldn't hold a call for more than 30 seconds in my office. I liked my LG and it worked great most everywhere else but I was hoping to get a phone that I could at least hold brief conversations with in my office without constant dropped calls.  Well, I have used the V710 for several hours now in my office without a single dropped call.  If it had better battery life I would easily give it 5 stars.  Great phone!

I have had this phone for about a year now, and it appears that it has received some hard reviews.  Overall, i think it is a great phone that happened to be on the edge of a new generation. This phone has been very durable for me, being dropped enough times that I should have a new one, but it has held up great. I have seen the Razor models break at the drop of a hat.  This phone has a much sturdier build.  Also, this phone featured a 1.3 megapixel camera, and it actually takes decent pictures.  Another bonus is that it does have the Trans-flash capabilities.  The biggest problem with this phone is the fact that just about 6 months after it came out, the V-cast phones (the 810 and 815) came out, making it obsolete.  Also, the multimedia phones came out with the ability to play MP3s from the memory card, which this phone can not do. It will play MP3s from the card, just one at a time.  Otherwise, I really think this phone is a good phone. I have had great luck with motorola. I loved my V60, but this phone is a comporable replacement. So if you want an uncomplicated phone, easier to use, and durable, this is the phone.

I noticed everything fine with this piece except the battery life. The battery life is around 120 to 130 minutes rather than what it is said.The piece is good otherwise.

Through my employer, I get a 22% discount on Verizon plans and equipment, so I really wanted this to work out.  I wanted a phone that could sync my contacts, calendar, and ToDo list, so that I can ditch my PDA.  A camera would be nice, and I would like to listen to FM radio for the morning commute and MP3s for the evening commute.  I can get an FM radio headset that works with the V710, so I thought that I had found my solution.The Motorola V710 is available only through Verizon, I believe.  Unfortunately, as you may have read, Verizon has disabled many of this phones features, except when you "Get It Now" through one of Verizon's many additional charge services.  I received an email from them acknowledging Bluetooth capability is a specialized function of this handset, not a feature of Verizon wireless phone service. They promised that they are reviewing the possibility of providing a software update for the V710 that will re-enable the file transfer capability.  They claim to be working to provide a suitable solution, however, they further acknowledge that their version of the Motorola V710 software removes the ability to transfer audio files such as MP3 files from the T-flash memory card to your wireless phone.  While you will still be able to listen to MP3 files, you will not be able to transfer them directly to your handset.  In other words you can listen to MP3 files, but we have removed any method of getting them into the phone except buying them from Verizon $$.I was born at night, but not last night.  I have read that there is a class action suit against Verizon for disabling phone features so that they can gouge customers with extra charges. Maybe the pending litigation has something to do with their new promises to re-enable the features.  I am not holding my breath.  I am "GETTING OUT NOW" and exercising my right to cancel within the allotted 15 days.  I am returning the phone and Trans Flash card to Amazon.Do yourself a favor and steer clear of Verizon.  The phone itself is not bad. Yes, it's big, but not too big.  The battery life was okay for the few days I used it.  Verizon's menu is not intuitive.I am back with Cincinnati Bell with no contract. My new phone  is a Nokia 6230 with FM radio, MP3 or AAC music via MMC or SD, (available everywhere at reasonable prices), bluetooth, VCA camera, and all the phone's features are enabled.  I will review it in a week.

Bluetooth is awsome, lots of cool features, great reception and navigation through the menus is very easy.  The speaker phone is very good, sounds good and loud.  Some things that bug me are:-You can't change the outside screen to blink or light up when it rings.-Camera, they call it the 1st mega pixel in a phone, I've had much better camera phones before, but still it's ok.-There are no games unless you purchase them, and most are monthly subscription games.All in all the best phone i've ever had.  And the service (verizon) is great, and i've tried them all, and in this area (eastern long island) nothing comes close to verizons coverage.

With a little more than two weeks my phone is dead with no apparent reason.  I only wanted to charge but then now it's completely dead.  I cannot even power on the darn thing.  And with lousy verizon service you will be stuck like me.  Please DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE.  AVOID THIS PHONE BY ANY MEANS, ESPECIALLY IF IT'S OFFERED BY VERIZON.  Terrible, Terrible, Terrible.  There is no other way to describe how I feel.  I have never come across an electronic product that went dead after two weeks without any damage.  NEVER in my life.One other thing about verizon: I went to one of the stores and this lady tried to give me a refurbished one but then guess what? that phone did not turn on either.  I wasted good one hour and half.  And she said please bring the box with you and we will exchange with a new one.  Today I found out that she thought I bought at one of retail verizon store.  So she can only give me a refurbished one.  What am I going to do with a refurbished one without any power on?  Maybe they think I can just carry the dead cell phone to tell everyone how bad the phone is and how bad service I'm getting.Anyway, until I resolve my issue, this is the most horrible experience I ever experienced with electronics.  I will never buy motorola and possibly avoid verizon but at this point I have no choice.

To start out, I would like to say that this phone was a problem from the day I got it. It is plagued with annoying bugs, some pretty big. The phone has terrible battery life of about 30 minutes of talk time, and two days of standby time. When I bought it, I knew the battery wasn't great, but I thought it would be better than what I am experiencing. The phone periodically blacks out while you are doing the simplest things like browsing your contacts and photos, which brings me to my next point. The camera is absolutely horiffic in moderate to low light. To get a halfway decent picture, you must take photos outside in very good light. Also, transfering photos and videos to your computer is a big pain because Verizon crippled the Bluetooth functionality - only letting you use it for headsets. Now, you must buy a $40 TransFlash card or email them to your computer for $0.25/message. Its latest problem of many is that it wont let me delete or transfer pictures to my memory card, so I cant take anymore photos or even send them to anyone. This phone does not even deserve one star.UPDATE: Now, it won't even charge, and doesn't acknowledge a call.UPDATE II: Now the charger only works some of the time, battery won't allow me to make a call for more than ten minutes, etc. I've had 2 motorola phones, both have been the worst phones I've ever had.

I am extremely disappointed in this phone.  Only because of Verizon and how they have disabled the many features that this phone has to offer.  My boyfriend and I brought this phone roughly 30 days apart only to find that the software on his allowed him to download ringtones, pictures, etc. utilizing a transfash.  Well, I went out and purchased a transflash as well but quickly found out that I couldn't transfer the files to the new software that is now installed on my phone.  Bottom line is if you have the older software you can enjoy this V710 but if you have the newer software FORGET it.  I wish that as a consumer there is something that we can do about this misleading options on this phone.  I only wish I could return the phone.  I truly don't think that what Verizon has done is legal.  If anyone has figured out a way to get around their many disabled features, please let me know.

My title says it all. I have been to three different Verizon stores trying to get these items corrected, but keep getting directed elsewhere. When the phone works it is nice. But half of the time, my phone doesn't ring, the ring is too soft (even when set to "loud"), and the battery life is bad.

I agree that the lack of full Bluetooth support is rather lame.  Beyond that though...the phone is wonderful!Great receptionGreat screenMP3 ringtonesCamera works just fine...as long as there is enough light.  Natural light works best.  It's a phone, NOT a camera....keep that in mind.

This V710 phone has had terrible reviews because of its many bad features and numerous problems. Verizon will be releasing Motorola's new EVDO E815 phone to replace this phone very soon. I urge people not to buy this V710 phone anymore and wait for the new replacement. The E815 looks very similar but has an improved keypad, better bluetooth capability, better quality camera and a new version of the speech recognition software. The E815 has been previewed at this month's CES electronics expo in Las Vegas with great reviews. Here is something you can read: [...]Verizon is expected to release the E815 by May 2005.

My first cellular phone was a digital Motorola (Cellular One) in the bay area in 1996I've had about six phones since that time. Two Motorola and four Nokia.Gee the V710:- Bluetooth is crippled (have to pay Verizon to do about anything)- Flimsy. Dropped the Nokia phones countless times, all came out great. So far the Motorola has been dropped less than 20 times and it is scrathed, dented, flip is wiggly, one rubber piece has fell out, metal surround over camera has popped off and I superglued it back on.- The camera sucks. Supposedly a 1.3megapixel super camera, everyone I know with a nokia/older motorola/sony phone with what is supposed to be a cheaper camers takes better pics. This isn't just me, browse the V710 archives and the phone almost universally gets negative camera reviews. It verges on useless.- Battery life is horrible. I recharge EVERY DAY. And this is a Li-Ion battery with supposedly no memory effect, yet even the couple times a month "let it run out all the way and charge for a long time" does not help. Even new the battery life was horrible.- Random weirdness. Phone locks up, or acts weird. Turn phone off, wait a minute, turn back on to fix. A few times it would not turn off without popping battery out. More than a few times it would turn on, but not work correctly until battery is removed and put back in.I'm probably missing a few things here. In the ten years I've been using phones this is the worst POS I've ever had, no way am I going to replace this thing with another Motorola.

I purchased this phone just over a year ago and I have to say that it has served me well.  Verizon's network is extremely reliable.  I can't remember the number of times I've had service when friends of mine with other providers did not and they had to use my phone to make calls.  The pics aren't great quality, but that's what I own a camera for.  To take spur of the moment pics to send friends, its fine.  As far as the bluetooth issue goes, it hasn't bothered me any because I don't have a need for it, but its something to consider.The one complaint I do have, and I'm beginning to think this is a general motorola problem (especially after reading some of the other reviews), is the battery.  This is the second motorola I've purchased that after about 8 months to a year, the battery loses charge after only a few hours even if the phone isn't in use.  I'm not sure if the problem lies in the battery or in the connection for the charger because I do notice sometimes my phone is plugged in and not actually charging.  I still prefer motorolas over other brands available because of the style and text messaging options, but I would highly recommend purchasing the insurance for 5 bucks a month just in case.  (Unless you purchase the phone for less than the 50 dollar deductible).

This phone is great.  I think that sometimes what is supposed to be a forum for people's opinions turns out to be the place where the people go that are frustrated with everything in life.  The phone works fine, great features, I don't know what some of these people are whining about.Customer service is second to none!  I have to say that I have never been treated so well as a customer than by Verizonwireless.  For example, my wife and I updated our phones via phone.  The first person I talked to wasn't really helping.  So, the trick is, call back, it usually works. The next person was soo nice, she gave us the phones with an added discount,(...)for us she could, sent them overnight, and threw in an extra holster for each of us!  Admittedly, this was because the initial order had been stopped for some unknown reason.  So, to make up for it, the nice lady did all that. Now, if you have dealt with any kind of business in the last 20 yrs, you can count on one hand how many treat you well enough for you to remember, am I right?  Well, we all, they all, make mistakes.  Understanding that is the first step to becoming a much happier and more satisfied customer, wouldn't you agree?Anyway, enough of the counseling for all the whiners out there.  The phone is great, what do you want, something that you can't possibly find wrong with it?  It won't happen.  Adapt and overcome, Semper Fi.Try to oysters, Matt

I am one of those that gets a new cell phone every year so I have to have the latest and greatest.  I also require the phone to do a little bit more than just simply allow me to make calls, although that is the most important thing.Let me start off by saying that this phone is the best phone I have ever owned, hands down.  Yeah some people on here are crying about how the Bluetooth is "crippled" or that the battery life isn't all that great but I haven't had a problem with either.  As far as BT is concerned I only use the headset function so the rest doesn't matter to me.  I bought a transflash card for $25 with the phone and use that to transfer songs and pictures, real easy.  The battery life is great.  I can go four days in between charges even when playing music, taking pictures and talking on it all the time.  No other phone I owned had a battery that lasted that long.  Learn how to "condition" your battery people, it will make it last so much longer.As everyone has said the picture quality leaves a lot to be desired but hey, it's a camera-PHONE what did you expect?  It's great for snapping shots when you just don't have your digital camera around (like if you get into a fender bender or something).  The internal display, on the other hand, is amazing!  This is my third color phone and it is by far the best display ever, so vivid and crisp.  I actually uploaded high quality pics from my computer via the transflash card and use that for my Picture Caller ID and the display is wonderful!The media player is great with the 128mb memory card.  I am able to store more than 30 songs on it and the sound quality of the external speaker is excellent.  Yes, it does not allow you to assign mp3's on the memory card as ringtones but I just use a free utility called MPTrim to make 20-30 second clips of all my favorite songs and then transfer them to the phone's memory.  Then you can simply assign those as ringtones and since the files are only about 20 seconds long (which is longer than the time for the phone to ring before forwarding to voicemail) it only uses up about 250kb at CD-quality sound so you can still fit dozens of them on the phone's 10mb internal memory.The speakerphone isn't as lound as my last phone (Nextel i730) but is still loud enough to use in a room with a reasonable amount of noise.  It's definitely loud enough to use in a car with the windows up or in an office environment.The phone's menus and buttons are so easy to use and well thought out that it will only take a matter of minutes to get used to.  I also like the fact that you can customize the soft keys and the shortcut buttons to your liking.  Makes it even easier to navigate through.There are a few very very minor issues that I have found and I will tell you about those so that you know I'm not some sort of Motorola rep trying to increase sales.  One thing I don't like is that you can't adjust the ringer volume with the phone closed.  I think that's an important feature when you forget to shut the ringer off when you're in a meeting and you get a call which begins playing that new mp3 ringtone you downloaded.  You also cannot disable the "Low Battery" warning beep (which doesn't happen often but when it does can get annoying).  To me it seems like it defeats the purpose to have a loud beep every two minutes when your battery is low since that in and of itself uses up energy.  I also haven't been able to figure out how to ignore a call without opening the phone, which if set to do so could actually cause you to answer the call (forgive me if I missed the section in the manual that shows you how to do this).As far as the service goes I cannot be happier with Verizon.  I work in a large office building and I park four levels underground.  No carrier, other than Sprint, get's coverage down there and with Verizon I can make calls sitting in my car.  There were also two dead spots that I would always run into with Nextel on my commute home and with Verizon I have at least 3 bars in both areas.  I also called their customer service three times since receiving my phone just to ask simple questions about my plan or about features and never had to wait longer than 3 minutes.  With Nextel and ATT/Cingular (wife's phone) I had to sit on hold for over 20 minutes each just to cancel service, goes to show how much they care.  And every time I've called in their reps were polite and got my questions answered quickly.After going from LA Cellular to AT&T; Wireless to Airtouch to Verizon back to AT&T; Wireless to Nextel and then back to Verizon I really think I have found the provider I am going to stick with (at least until someone else comes out with a better phone and better coverage :p ).

I am writing this review because, I noticed that lots of people here have given negative and bad reviews on this product. I have been owning the V710 since February this year and so far I havent seen anything wrong with it. I also use a bluetooth headset (Logitech) and its been a perfect gadget.From what others say, I guess there could have been few phones that had problems and was not recalled by Motorola. Otherwise, I have had no problems and before I bought, I did a qucik survey of people owning this and they all gave me great feedback.

I traded my VX6000 for this phone. This phone has been getting fairly bad reviews across the board stemming from the lack of bluetooth support from Verizons end.  People think that you cannot get information to and from the phone other than emailing back and forth, but they are wrong.  I bought a 128MB transflash card and a SD reader for 40 bucks total.  I dont have anything that can send Bluetooth signals anyway, so the fact that I had to buy a separate reader wasnt an issue.  I can send pictures and ringtones to and from the phone without Verizon charging me.  The only problem with MP3 ringtones is that you have to save them to the phones internal memory, so you have to chop them down and lower the quality to keep more than a few.  The transflash card itself is worth the extra cost of this phone.  I can grab pictures off the computer to use as wallpaper or as a contact ID, again for free.  The camera is more worthless than my VX6000 indoors, but outside it takes fairly decent pictures.  Overall it isnt as bad as people want you believe, but I only paid 150 bucks for it after rebates and incentives.

Too many worthless gimmicks like the junk camera with 'flash' ('crap') or the completely worthless video.  The voice command feature activates constantly, asking me to 'Please Say a Command'...  This is just plain irritating.  Hey, here's a command: 'Shut the **** up!'  This thing is SO annoying!  The phone also has a bad habit of changing your ring style; not very helpful when it goes from LOUD to SILENT.  But perhaps the most bizarre behavior is when the phone decides it doesn't feel like letting you hear the person on the other line resulting in numerous redials, lots of wasted minutes and you feeling like an idiot.  On one such call, the phone only started working correctly after I smashed it on my knee, cracking the outside screen.  Thankfully (for the phone's sake) this problem has only occurred a few times.  Also, the metal ring surrounding the camera lens fell off, so now the lens has shattered making the camera extra-worthless.  The only thing good about this phone is the loud speakerphone and (thanks to the huge, battery-sucking display) it can double as a flashlight.

I bought this phone about a month ago and found it is very good. I like the camera and it can also record short video clips! I bought a bluetooth headset for my v710 so that I can talk with hand free.The main issue is about the voice dial. When I try to call some of my friends with Chinese or Indian name, it is really difficult to be recognized. I have to try again and again to guess what the phone will pronounce them. Although the voice dial feature is "non-specific person speech recognition" so that we don't need to train the recognizor, why not also proivdes some method for the user to hear the target name pronounciation? In the other words, if the user cannot train the recognizer, why not let the recognizer train the user? I still have several friends which I don't know how my v710 will pronounce their names , so that I cannot call them by voice dial.Another issue is about the life of the battery. It can only last two days after fully charged. Considering it has double color screens, I can somewhat accept this although it is really troublesome to charge the phone every two days.

OK, I'm sick of all the people that buy this phone and expect it to slice their bread and wash their laundry, then rip on it for not doing that.Maybe I'm just cynical, but I have been very pleased with this phone.  Yes, it has a camera; yes, it plays mp3s; yes, it has bluetooth.  But it's not a digital Elph, it's not an iPod, and it's not a PDA.  It's a phone.  No, it's not perfect, but it works well.Some weaknesses:-The "1.3 megapixel" camera takes 1280x960 pictures, but it is not a digital camera replacement.  Pictures in bright light turn out well.  The camera is effectively useless in low lighting, the LED light doesn't help.-Some people would say it is oversized.  I like its size and weight.The external "color" screen is not very high resolution, and does not have very bright colors.  Picture ID's are very small.  (unlike many screens though, it is visible in sunlight)-Battery life is uninspiring.  It comes with having such a huge screen and so many features.-mp3s work well, but to use them as a ringtone, you must put them on the phone's embedded memory (10 megs) instead of being able to play from the transflash card (I have a 128 meg card).-Bluetooth is pretty much only useful for a wireless headset.  Know this before you buy it: No bluetooth data transfer.  Get a transflash card and reader to transfer pictures, movies and music.Some strengths:-Excellent reception, the best of any phone I've ever used.-Huge, high definition screen.-Strong phone speaker, mp3s sound good.-Takes good pictures with plenty of light.-Very customizable interface and software: You can choose the commands for both soft keys and all four directional keys.  Some people are confused by the menus, I personally like customization.  This might not be the best phone if you are not somewhat tech savvy.-Speakerphone is loud and works well.-Superb digital voice recognition, even with quite a bit of ambient noise.  I have a lot of names in my phone book, making calls is so easy when you just have to push one side button, then say the rest.-Other little bonus features are great.  A battery-saving one that I like is that the phone senses how bright surrounding light is, then will light the keypad only if necessary.-Durable, attractive construction.  It doesn't look or feel like many of the flimsy, lightweight plastic phones out there.My experience with this phone has been great.  Verizon seems behind the technology curve when compared to some of the other providers, but this phone has helped level the playing field a bit.

OMG,DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!i have gone through eight of these phones and they all have the same problems....crappy camera,freezing up,texts wont send for several minutes,wont charge half the time,and the battery life sucks!!i had to charge it twice a day......

I've had this phone for almost a year and a half now.  To me, the most important thing is being able to make or receive a call and understand the person on the other end.  That said, this phone has been great, I very rarely lose a call (reception is great), the sound is ok if not great.The voice dialing is wonderful!!! But, speak normally, if you are mad or upset, it will not understand and will missdial or drive you nuts asking if you said xxx or yyy or whatever.The bluetooth headset works fine, but I don't really use that feature that much.  The headset I have bothers my  ear and feels heavy.It has also been a tough phone, it has been dropped numerous times and has not broken.  I did however lose the ring that goes around the camera lens, btw, the camera is terrible.Battery...well, I immediatly bought a bigger battery (1400 mah) and it has been fine, I have not had a charger problem either.  However, my nephew who has the same phone had the charger break where it plugs into the phone since Motorola used a two pronged thing instead of the old fashioned, time tested, round plug that most phones have or had.  I can use the phone for two to three days before I have to charge it, but to be safe I usually put it on the charger every night.Predictive typing is ok...speakerphone is ok, but sound quality is low.Menu is well thought out, (NOKIA ARE YOU READING THIS>>>HINT!!!)WEIRD THINGS, ok, sometimes the phone will act like you turned it off and back on so you have to enter the pass code.  Once or twice it has turned off on its own, also, once or twice the voice dial does what it wants to and not what you said.  I actually had it dial without me saying anything...I had activated the feature, but had not had an oportunity to speak when it started dialing.  But, these are very rare problems, and for the most part, I am very pleased with this phone.Buttons on the side, nice feature once you learn what they do!  Also, the outside screen is nice to see who is calling before you answer.  I do wish the screens were a little brighter in sunlight.PS.  Yes, Verizon crippled all the advanced features, still a great phone for using as a voice capable phone.  Especially if you find one used in good condition.I hope this was helpful to you.

I have been very impressed with this phone ever since I bought it a few months ago.  Definitely worth getting paid $25 for.Pros:-Reception/Voice quality-Decent camera for the daytime (it's a phone with a tiny appature, not a $500 camera)-Built like a rock. I would have destroyed a lesser phone several times by now-Large external and internal display-High quality internal LCD screen-Comfortable to hold-Transflash card slot-Quality voice recognition-Intuitive menus and feature layoutCons:-Foolish initial ringtones-Verizon's greed crippled pic/mp3 xfer, however this can be fixed...-Heavy-Low capacity battery/short life-Battery indicator doesn't decrease linearly-OK keypad

This phone has nice features, a large screen, a great speakerphone, and a decently loud ringer.  The battery life is horrible though, although maybe it should be expected because of the large screen size.  Don't bother with this phone if you want the Bluetooth capability because Verizon disable all of useful Bluetooth features, leaving you with wireless headset only.  It's a nice phone, but not worth the price.

I purchased this phone in May of 2005, so I have had it for over six months.  In general I have been pleased with the phone and Verizon service. It is ideal for a business-class user who needs their phone to work rather than be a toy.Pros:- Service and reception - Verizon service is the best of the bunch.  I've had Cingular, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon.  Verizon's network is far superior to any of the others - they have outstanding coverage, very few dead zones and crsytal clear reception (voice quality).  The phone's reception is great and the voice clarity is excellent.- Bluetooth - the bluetooth (short-range wireless connection) works flawlessly.  I use it with my Acura's bluetooth connection and use the car as a mobile speakerphone.  If you use this feature extensively, it will drain the battery quickly.- MP3 Player - the phone has a built in MP3 player, which has pretty good sound.  YOu need to buy Motorola headphones (or an adapter from e-bay) to get stereo sound.  The headphones have a built in microphone, so you can use the headphones if a call comes in while using your mp3 player.  The memory is expandable using the trans-flash card (I have 128 megs).  You can even use MP3s as ring tones (if youd don't mind employing a little trick to get the phone to think it is a Midi-tone).- Speakerphone - loud, clear and useful.Cons:- Weight and form factor - the Razor it is not.  It is pretty heavy and it is on the large end of compact clam shell phones.- Limited bluetooth functionality - Verizon maimed some of the most useful bluetooth features, such as wirelessly synching the phone with your outlook calendar and contacts. If you're really interested in using some of these features, there are a number of hacks available on the internet.- Battery life - I typically get two days of battery life from the phone, including an hour or so of talk time.  The battery life deteriorates considerably if you keep the bluetooth function on.

Considering my first cell phone was a Nokia "brick" 2 years ago, when I heard about the V710 and it's features, I started drooling. I looked around this forum and heard the pro's and cons. I also loked at Amazon.com and found a great deal on the phone. $200 U.S. bucks versus 250 @ Verizon. Throw in the $200 rebate, it becomes a deal. The pro's,neutral, cons are as follows:Pros:1. Clear reception throughout. Let's face it, Verizon has the best and clear reception anywhere. I carry a company phone which has a plan by Cingular. I was located at a construction site in a "bowl that has hills all around the site. I xouldn't get thru with Cingular. But I can with Verizon.2. Speaker phone capability. Being able to talk hands off even w/o bluetooth is a plus.3. MP3 capability: Heh, like having a walkman. The sound was clear on the speakers remarkably and you can4. mp3 ringtone capability: You can match a definite ringtone and photo to a certain person. Like having the face of your boss to the ringtone of Starwars Imperial March ("Vader's Theme").5. The capability to use it with conjuction with my laptop as a wireless modem. It's perfect for my job when I'm mobile and I have to send and receive files.6. Addtional storage thru the purchase of a transflash card.Neutral:1. You're gonna need an extended life battery if you use the mp3 capability.2. The camera is no great shake. But the pictures look better when you download them from the phone.3. The menu takes a while to master, but it becomes intuititve after a while. The documentation definitely need improvement because some of the nifty things you can do was not mentioned in either the CD or in the manual. I only found out about it in this forum.Con:1. Verizon essentially diabled the bluetooth features so that only a headset is bluetooth enabled. Verizon's reasons is that this being a gray area between carriers, phone makers and the entertainment industry, they're going to play it safe.2. Worse, they also disabled the multi-media functions of Motorola Phone Tools so you can't do a  file transfer. So you can forget that route.If you want your own ringtones ( and don't want to pay Verizon a buck a pop to dl ringtones),you can do an end run, using the transflash card.I'd also recommend following accesories:1. A body glove for the phone to protect it (and the camera lens) from scratches.2. An adapter for the mini-ear plug so you can plug a regular stereo earjack.3. The motorola phone tools and data cable (if you want a wireless modem for your laptop, otherwise don't)3. A sandisk transflash card...along with a card writer/reader.4. A stand charger.All in all, the V710 is a good phone that has the capability of becoming a great phone if Verizon enables the Bluetooth features.

I've had this for about a month and find it to be incredibly frustrating, annoying, and difficult to use; so much so, that I was compelled to write this review. The software is the main problem. From not being able to select individual phonebook info from received/dialed calls to the default "LOUD" setting when plugged in, this phone has me pining for my old, non-camera LG. It even alerts me that I have a missed call *after* I've checked voicemail for that missed call (thanks!) - that is if I can feel the feeble vibration when set to "vibrate". And after a month, the phone feels like it's about to fall apart. I should have taken the hint from the keyboard on the display model which was completely destroyed. I bought this b/c of the tri-mode capabilities and it was the only one available at the time. If I've missed something in the directions and any of this needs to be corrected, I will gladly recind or edit this review. Until then, I'm stuck with my first and last Motorola.

The v710 alone provides better speaker phone quality (especially to the other end) than in conjunction with the HF600. Get a simpler charging adapter for the car, and something to attach the phone to the dash.Transflash memory add-on works OK.Motorola Mobile Phone Tools 3.0 is problematic. (It would be nice to know about alternatives to sync Outlook - how another reviewer moved stuff via the flash memory option.)It works better as a speaker phone than as a non-speaker phone. It seems to be a little quiet when held to the ear, compared to other phones (but there must be something that can really pump up the volume, since the speaker phone is so good).The obvious stuff is good if you look at the phone in the store yourself - display quality, call quality, analog backup to digital service, ...Haven't done much with the camera, but I'm starting to think that with the way most people treat their phones, how is the lens supposed to stay clean and not blur or otherwise hinder images? It may really only be good to have for impromptu photos.Think about:Are separate PDA and phone better, even if it means 2 devices instead of 1? The PDA vendors have more of a track record with hooking up to the PC.Are separate camera and phone better for most pictures? The camera vendors that made film in addition to digital cameras have a history, and prices are plumetting, and megapixels and features rising.

I received the phone very quickly and I just love it.  It does almost everything.  I love all the features and especially love all the rebates. Thanks

Ha, just purchased it, and now at Verizon stores, its not available ne more. So, i guess this phone is obsolete now.  =(Great phone though.Pros:ReceptionSpeaker phoneWhite led lit colored keypad at nightCons:Keypad very difficult to use at times(Feels like one layer of cheap plastic)Features are not all that great.  (Cant transfer MP3 via PC)Camera is... "ok"...Looks really generic now.  People assumes its just a $50 when its notOver all, its a GREAT phone when USED AS a phone.  Other than that, features, and what not doesn't seem to be as great as advertised.

As a phone, it is OK.  The volume (even at it's highest setting) is too low.  It's got lots features like voice dial, speaker phone, ... most you probably won't use.As a camera - even though it is advertised as 1.2 Megapixels, the pictures and video are pretty worthless.Bluetooth - 99% worthless.  I didn't know much about bluetooth before I bought the phone, so I assumed I could use bluetooth from my PC to wirelessly send pictures, ringtones, MP3s, phonebooks, ... and syncronize my phone up to my PC - NOT TRUE.  Bluetooth has a bunch of different profiles, and this phone only supports a very small number of them.  Mostly for using the phone as a modem or with a wireless headset.Overall - save your money and buy a less expensive phone.  I bought 2 of these, and I like my old startacs better.

I went through three or four Motorola 270-C's waiting for a new CDMA Verizon Bluetooth-enabled phone to come out.  I bought this one.  As far as phones go, there's not much to complain about...Motorola makes a great phone.  The v710 has the best reception and sound quality I've found in a cell phone.That being said, I'm sure the reason this "high-end" phone is now inexpensive is Verizon's miscalculation when they disabled most of the v710's Bluetooth capabilities.  Currently, there's a lawsuit pending against Verizon for this very reason.  I see Verizon is now giving away a free Bluetooth headset with the v710 to make you focus on what their Bluetooth will do, because it won't OBEX (object transfer) ...or much else.  And, if you want a ringtone or music or anything on this phone, you have to Buy It Now from Verizon.  Not me.  Ever."Verizon: We're Always Working For Profit."

I have only had this phone for a day.  Most of the complaints I have heard from people are over exaggerated.  For example it is possible to only show a persons primary line, although it isn't the default for the phone, it is possible to personalize the phonebook.  I also liked the custimization that can be done to this phone.  Don't like pressing the upper right hand key to go to your phonebook you can change it so a different key will do it.I haven't really tried out the bluetooth, and the camera isn't all that great but for me there isn't really any need for either of these features.  Otherwise everything has been great!

oh man this is the worst phone i've ever owned.  i had it for just a few days and immediately sent it back.  why?  well for starters the digital camera is the worst i've ever seen on any phone.  the pictures look like some piece of junk from the '70s.  secondly, the phone is FAT.  it's just way too big and bulky.  the antenna sticks out too far even when it's not pulled out.  finally, the screen resolution isn't very crisp, and sometimes the phone lags..yes i mean actually lags like a slow computer.  i've had another motorola phone that did this as well.  if you want a fancy phone, and are shopping for service providers, let me suggest the audiovox cdm-8940 from verizon.  i just got it and it's 10 times better.  no i don't work for verizon.

Folks, I have discovered a fly in the ointment, so to speak. If you click on all the names of the glowing reviewers here, you'll find that practically each and every one of them has only written one review. That one review is on the V710. Each bogus review has a nickname attached. Perhaps this person is a Motorola employee trying to boost sales or a person who cannot deal with the real life negative reviews of this product. But be warned and alerted. The not so glowing reviews are probably the ones you should take as legitimate.Now, onward to the phone review. I have owned about five or six cell phones over the past three years and the V710 is the worst. I was drawn to the rebates and low price, which basically got me in trouble from the get-go. The phone has terrible battery life, it is difficult to operate, it is clunky and large, the sound quality is poor, there are hardly any ringtones on it, and the button keys are flat and hard to press.In short, a piece of techno-junk.

Was a little apprehensive reading some mixed reviews on this phone here, glad I went ahead.I switched from TMobile/SonyEricsson T610 to Verizon/Motorola V710 - what a world of difference.  If I had known earlier, I would have left TMobile mid-way and paid the contract cancellation fee, its that significant.Not sure how much is the phone, how much is the carrier.  But the whole experience has been transformed from an annoyance to a delight.  The keypad is fun to punch, the speakerphone is loud and clear, folks on the other end think I am in the same room, and no dropped calls everywhere, even inside IKEA etc.Can't comment about camera, video, web browsing etc.  Had all of those in my previous phone too, they are distractions at best.  Much prefer my 7MP camera and my 15" laptop screen for those.

The battery is not good, actually is very short, only last two days. It is not consistent with it's Ad.

First, the cons:The camera isn't what I was expecting. I didn't expect Ansel Adams quality, but it's not what I get from my old 1 mp camera, either. But it's useful for taking snapshots.The video is pretty useless as well.The fact that Verizon forces you to pay to send these crappy videos and photos makes sure that you'll never use the camera (see more below)A bit spotty for Mac OSX usersVerizon's software update further cripples phones usability (greedy bastages)Pros:Great sound (although you have to remember to keep the speaker over your ear). Truly great speakerphone- I've had friends have no idea that I was on a cell, much less a speakerphone. I think that between the speakerphone and the bluetooth headset, Moto actually almost meant for you NOT to use the handset in the conventional wayMP3's as ringtones are fun, but you have to work around Verizon to do it. (copy them to the optional transflash card from your computer, then to the phone)Seems to have great signal strength, at least here in LA. I have very few drop-outs in areas that my old V8160 was really reaching for a signal.Color screen is gorgeous inside, very nice outside.Bluetooth headsets are a godsend! I can dial, talk, and hang up merely by touching my right ear.General: Even with Verizon trying to wrestle the last quarter out of your pocket, it's a great phone. If you get one with the earlier software, you can get around Verizon by using the translash card and a card reader to transfer images and MP3's to and from your computer. I've heard that the later software removes some of that functionality. Which is why I am not flashing my phone.

Avoid this phone.  I had one for a year, then it went dead. Verizon sold me a new battery, but that wasn't the problem.  After four trips to the store, they FedEx'd me a "new" (refurbished?) phone, which also went dead after a few weeks.  They gave me a third one, which also went dead, so they gave me a fourth phone this morning.  Always the same problem -- the screen says "unable to charge".  Verizon can't explain what that means, but it must be more than a problem with the battery or charger, because they keep giving me a new (or refurbished?) phone of this same model.  I don't know much about cell phones, other than there must be better ones than this.

One great thing about the cell phone industry in this country is that your contract expires in one year.  This means that every year you can get a new phone, often at a great subisidized price if you choose to select a "new" contract.  You might need to give up your old numbers (unless you are switching betwewen the carriers) but for those who don't care it's a great way to try out lots of new phones at very little cost.  Keep this tip in mind when you are buying this phone.To get the good news out first, one thing great about Verizon phones is that they all have great reception.  This more likely is due to Verizon installing more cell phone antennas everywhere than the phones themselves, but to the end user it's all the same.  As a travelling consultant, reception is the single most important aspect to look for in a phone.  When I am out in rural areas and a client wishes to speak to me, it's imperative that I am able to talk to the client without interruptions or static.  This is the part which this phone and Verizon excels at.Sadly, the V710 does not excel in anything else compared to its peers.  As other posters have complained, the bluetooth functionality is limited because Verizon decided to disable file transfer capabilities.  That way Verizon can force the users to download ringtones and other goodies instead of people copying files from their computers via bluetooth.  The way to get around this is to get the 128MB transflash card, which I did buy.  This worked out great as I was able to transfer songs and music from my computer to the phone with no problems.Some other useful (if not standard) features in this phone include a standard 1 Megapixel camera (4x zoom), a video capture (which allows you to capture 15 sec clips with full sound, whoopie), speaker phone (a very nice feature which is missing from Samsung phones), and voice dialing (good feature if you drive and talk a lot, something which I find to be extremely annoying when others do it).Now onto the ugly part.  Motorolla continues to implement the annoying loud beep when the phone is low on batteries.  I don't know how to turn this off and embarassed myself over at a client's site because of this.  This is also one of the very few phones which does not come with a headset (Samsung, Nokia, even the Sidekick II packages give you this for free).  Even if you do get the headset, it comes with only 1 earbud so you cannot get stereo quality sounds which the mp3 should be able to give off.In summary, if you are a casual user and reception is very important to you then get this phone or at the very least go for Verizon phones.  If you are looking for features (which are actually implemented well) to show off to friends then you should probably go for the Motorola Razor from Sprint, or maybe a Samsung or SonyEricson.  If you are looking for phone to do text messaging (especially AIM) and web browsing then be sure to get the SidekickII.  If you want a business phone for Outlook sync and messaging then go for one of the Blackberry phones.Update: I just found that there are in fact stereo headsets for this phone, it's just that Amazon does not carry them!  From Howardforums (the hardcore phone mod community) people are also complaining about the V710's new firmware which disables audio transfers from the TransFlash card onto the phone.  Yes, Verizon wants to make that extra buck from ringtones THAT badly.  The upside to the new firmware is that the camera quality is better and the bluetooth is finally working with some cars.

I bought this phone based on published features just to find out Verizon disabled some of these.  I cannot understand a company who has so much going for them (coverage, clarity) would risk upsetting their customer base.Verizon could gain so much more by giving us access to the technology and making their services very affordable so MORE people would sign up for them instead of disabling features and choosing to nickel and diming us to death instead. Verizon, are you listening!!! Shame on you. You should fire the guy who made that decision. I like your service, but I hope you loose to Motorola. That was underhanded! I want my bluetooth multimedia/data transfer back.

Everything has its pros and cons.  The V710 reception far outweighs the crappy camara any day!Pros-reception, reception, reception-many little features that make it tick-cool style-it's a camara phoneCons-it requires a cell phone carrier to work-the camara takes terrible pictures-hard to find a case that doesn't interfer with opening and closing the phone (as with all flip phones)I really like the Motorola V710 phone.  I have had Verizon Wireless service for a few years now (word of advice, run if you haven't gotten stuck in with a contract) and this phone works the best on their network.  I have a cronic problem of dropping calls around my house and this is the only phone that can hang on to the calls.  In the past few weeks I have tried the LG VX7000, which dropped calls faster than a brick, and the Kyrocera (or however you spell it) which also drops way to many calls.  I have been very happy with the V710, the camara sucks, as I am sure you have heard, but if you want a great camara, get a camara.  The phone has some really niffty features on it and I am really starting to warm up to the menu, which can be just plain wierd if you are not use to it.  Another thing that gives the Motorola a learning curve is the layout of the keys, but it can be a "what the heck is that" phone.  All in all, I choose the Motorola because of the reception but I am finding all kinds of other features I didn't know I couldn't live without.  The Motorola is an increadibly clear phone with great reception, but won't bring you the kitchen sink.  The LG VX7000 is a phone that has increadibly crappy reception but does everything else with flying colors.  But hey, the thing is a phone, not a butler.

I use a cell phone...well...to make and receive calls. I don't really care that much about the other features. I want the calls to be clear, quick and hands-free. I chose the V710 because it was the only Bluetooth option offered by Verizon. I didn't want to tear up my brand new roadster to talk hands-free, so the headset was the perfect alternative. The phone paired with the Motorola HS 850 makes for clear calls, even with the top down. I don't use the phone for business. For an average, walking/riding around cell phone user, the V710 does work for me.

This is a fantastic phone!  I just downloaded Voice Genesis Email on it and it lets me reply to my emails by Voice!!!  This is SOOOOOOO, cool.  It's fast and lets me access the various email accounts I have too!  Much nicer phone than the PDA/phones... better connection.Anyways, buy it, download Voice Genesis on it, and you'll have a great phone that can work like a PDA!

I love the phone except either is the battery problem or that's the way of the battery.  Even I fully charge for more than 3 hours( fully charge), it still did not last for a full day. Other than that it's a great phone.

I bought this phone in July from Radio Shack (RS). The main reason was to pair with my Acura TL. Poor reception, dropped calls, static, poor Bluetooth abilities, does not work on incoming calls in my TL.Communicated with RS, Moto and VZ. all three told me it was Acura. Acura refers me to Handsfree Link, Verizon never gave them the phone for testing before moving this to production. (This is done with all other wireless companies). RS exchanged the phone in Sept. Oct. I find that it is not the car but the phone. VZ bluntly told me it is my problem, discuss it with RS. RS said discuss it with Moto. Moto states that they know there is a problem with the Bluetooth but do not know how to distribute the fix. No one will refund me the price of the phone that I bought outright and paid in excess of $400, because it is now over 30 days old. I travel nationwide and have the same reception problems in all parts of the country. My Qualcom from 1997 and My Nokia from 2001 perform better then this phone.Poor picture abilities, can't transfer files form phone to my laptop using Bluetooth as VZ disabled this.I will write off the phone and have my company switch me to Cingular.

Pros:- Excellent reception- Easy to navigate menus- Excellent speakerphone- Excellent voice command system- Bluetooth from Verizon!!!Cons:- Size is a little large- Manual doesn't explain several menu optionsI've only had the phone a little more than one week, but I'm extremely happy with it so far.  First, I'm ecstatic that Verizon has a bluetooth enabled phone (that's not a PDA).  And I only wanted the bluetooth for the headset feature, so I have no complaints about it being "crippled".I traded up from an Audiovox 8900 that was an OK phone.  The menus from Motorola are far better, and the reception--while not bad at all on the Audiovox--is amazing on the Motorola.  In places where the Audiovox had no signal, I get 1-2 bars on the Motorola.Also, I think the voice command system that requires no training works perfectly.  I've had no problems whatsoever.  I didn't choose the phone for this feature, but it's turned out to be one of my favorites.As for the battery life, it's about what I expected and have seen from other similar phones.  Today, I used the phone for 3 calls totaling 2.5 hours before the battery indicator even dropped from "full charge".  I made several more calls which dropped the battery to about 50% before I bothered to charge it.I've also been very pleased with Verizon reception and service for the 10 months I've used them.  They replaced my Audiovox twice with no hassle.  (Once the phone kept telling me to power cycle and wouldn't do anything else.  The second time, the headset jack deteriorated, so that you couldn't touch the phone without setting off a static storm.)  The reliability issues are the big reason I switched from the Audiovox after only 10 months.My only (mild) compliants about the V710 are 1) the manual that doesn't provide details on some of the deeper menu options and 2) the phone is a little larger than the Audiovox.Overall, I'm a very satisfied V710 owner.

this reviewer calls your attention to the following particularfeature or aspect of the Mot V710, namely that it has a modularmemory-card slot (termed 'TransFlash Memory Expansion Slot'). Avideo clip can thus be saved/stored/transferred to the MEMORY.I regret to say that I know not the specific storage type/name.This is a layman's attempt to explain an UNusual cellphone fea-ture which might serve you when you need to document incidents.V710 Phone for Verizon WirelessDetailed FeaturesSpecificationsForm Factor: ClamshellBands/Modes: CDMA 1X with aGPS Trimode (800/1900/Analog)Size: 3.71 x 1.95 x 0.92 inches - size of phone with standard batteryWeight: 4.4 oz - weight of phone with standard batteryDisplay: 2.2" 176 x 220 upto 262K color TFT main display4 Line 1.3" 96X64 upto 4K CSTN color sub displayAntenna: RetractableTalk Time: up to 180 minutes, with standard batteryStandby Time: up to 165 hours, with standard batteryHighlighted FeaturesMSM 6100 (ARM9) chipsetWAP 2.0 BrowserBluetooth Headset/Carkit & DUN ProfilesBREW 2.1Qualcomm CMX 4.0 Sound EngineCE Bus connector for existing accessories support1.2 M-pixel CameraMulti-Media Messaging (MMS), SMS, EMSVideo clip capture & playbackSelf Portrait Viewfinder External Display64 Polyphonic, 18mm Office Quality Speaker Phone, Stereo Headset SupportIntegrated MP3 Player, MP3 and MIDI RingersPicture Caller ID on External & Internal DisplayDigital Camera Features: Photo Album, Slide Show Viewer, 4X Digital Zoom, Auto timer, Shutter Tones, Adjustable Resolution, Day & Night Lighting Modes, 4 Image Styles. Picture phone book.Digital Camcorder Features: **Adjustable video length for upto 3 minutes, Recording sound on/off option, Adjustable video quality, Day & Night Lighting ModesTransFlash Memory Expansion SlotSpeaker Independent Digit and Name Dialing Speech Recognition, enabled via phone's microphone speaker, headset and bluetooth accessoryText to Speech enabled phonebook & keypad5-way Navigation, Simultaneous button press for BREW GamingPIM functionality, PC Sync with optional Mobile Phone Tools Software, Predictive Text (iTAP), 500 Multi-fielded Phonebook Entries, Voice Memo, Currency Converter, Calculator

I was a bit iffy at first after reading all of the reviews here.  But being that this was the only bluetooth phone verizon offered, I gave it a try.  ITs an AWESOME phone!  Speakerphone works great, the volume can go painstakingly high, as well as low.  Voice dialing is awesome because it recognizes your command without any programming, and if you have an accent or whatever can adjust and adapt, can also dial by speaking digits aloud. I admit the camera by itself does a rather poor job for the 1.2 megapixel rating, so minus a star for that. The video shooting mode is pretty cool, records sound too. For the individual above who could not see more than three names in the contacts list, he must have not read the manual, as you can put it into list mode and see much more.  The display is excellent and razor sharp.  The sound clarity is great, and paired with the motorola hs810 bluetooth headset, is a killer combo.  With voice dial, you have no need to ever touch the phone which is always in my bag.  A great phone! If you want a digital camera go buy one, if you want a good phone here it is. As a side note I did not purchase the phone from Amazon, I bought through verizon as part of an upgrade, but bought for same price.

I've owned this cell for about 9 months so far.  In that time I've exchanged it 4 times.  The first 3 had to be exchanged for software issues.  The 4th time something wacky happened when I used it with my iBook and I did not disconnect it properly.  I went back and Verizon gave me a refurbished model (like the other 3 times).  This cell will not do any file transfering by BT so that is a huge downfall.  Its almost useless.Since this was the only Verizon BT cell I bought it.  But in the end i wish I did not.  The cell got a huge hype and it was all for nothing.  Camera is useless as it takes sub-par pics.  I've seen Samsung's do better than this.  The screen however is nice and crisp.I also noticed that the cell scuffs really bad at the high points (where it opens/closes) but there is nothing you can do about that since you gotta open and close it.  I think Motorola missed the mark on this model.overall its a decent cell but don't expect it to do much.  for the money its not worth it.  i wished i had waited - oh well at least its decent.

i must say that this phone has a few negatives.  one, the keypad, two the outer rim of the keypad is very flimsy, and three the camera will not work in lowlight situations.  Now, these are all worthwhile sacrifices to the current price of the phone, -25.00 after rebate.  However, if you plan to buy this phone at retail price, I would stray from that idea.  Get the LG vx7000 or vx8000 instead.  Those are more solid phones.BTW the reception with verizon wireless and this phone is very clear and speaker phone works just fine.it's been about two months since I have owned this phone and whenever I open or close the flip phone feature, the sides rub against the bearings, making an old door creaking sound.  And the area located above the camera lens(the black part of the phone), gets scratched after I open it because it rubs against something on the inside or the grey rubber part.  Can anyone else comment, or confirm these two problems on my phone.  That would be much appreciated.

I've had the phone for about a month now. I switched from Tmobile (with a Sony Ericsson phone) to Verizon because of coverage issues.The V710 isn't a bad phone but nothing mind blowing either.+the signal is pretty much always strong even compared to other Verizon users.+the screen is bright and nice looking.+accessories are available and aren't too expensive either.+expansion card are cheap... picked a 256MB for $30. It allows me to transfer ringtones and store MP3s and pictures.-/+bluetooth is indeed somewhat crippled but there are some bypass to bring them to the phone for free. Works pretty well with Motorola BT headset (clear signal) and hopefully I'll get it to work with my PC BT adapter soon.-battery life with the factory battery blows! You'll get a day or two at most on a stock battery (my T68 would last almost a freaking week). The 1500mA extended battery will last 3-4 days which is a bit more acceptable but is bulkier than the factory unit (still fit in the holster though which is nice). I guess this is a trade-off for a nice and brighter screen.-phone size. not the smallest form factor out there. advantage is that the keys are easily accessible and you won't screw up dialing the number even while doing other stuff...+Voice dialing... one of the coolest feature. no need to train your phone for every name in your contact list, just speak it up and it will recognize and dial the name... I love this feature more than anything (even the Razor doesn't have that).Bottom line the phone isn't bad. Not sure it's worth $200+ but around $150 after rebate isn't a bad deal. Just make sure you pick a travel charger or car adapter.

I switched from T-Mobile to Verizon because I wanted to have good reception both at home and work in addition to being able to use my phone on the Metro. Indeed, I am happy with it! (which is the point of owning a cell phone-being able to make and receive calls when we want!)My husband actually has the same phone, which he has had since last November. After comparing these two identical phones, we have noticed that the one I have takes better digital pictures and the battery lasts longer before I need to charge it. Overall, I am happy with this phone. It is great!

Generally I don't do reviews but I thought this phone was getting an unjust bad reputation. My last phone was an Samsung N400 on sprint and it was bad.. battery died in a day and lots of dropped calls. So my my criteria were good battery life, great reception and speakerphone. Basically i wanted a good phone that would always be available to use. It has excelled in all areas. 0 dropped calls, have yet to have 0 bars, battery can go several days without a charge and the speaker phone is the best i've ever seen.ProsSignal strengthGreat sound qualitySuperior speaker phoneGood batteryNice LCDs and over all good looksConskeypad leaves much to be desired, but i'm getting used to itcamera is so-so at bestbluetooth - no intention of using it so i wish i could have saved some cash and got one without it

I owned the Motorola v710 for four days. I'm a fairly technical savvy sort of guy, but this phone completely overwhelmed me. There's alot of features on this phone. If you're in to features (mostly well implemented), then you'll likely enjoy this phone. If you just want a phone for making phone calls, ala minimalism, this is not the phone for you. Unfortunately I fall into the latter category.I bought this phone with the Bluetooth wireless headset. It took me awhile to figure out how to install, configure, and then activate the headset. Once I did it worked great. Sound quality on both ends was really really good. On the downside, the wireless headset has a separate battery, and must be recharged separately. I tried leaving the wireless headset on my head so I could answer incoming calls but the battery would die before anyone would call me.The camera in this phone is great. The pictures are high quality, although at night and when moving the photos are marginable. Viewing the photos on the camera's screen is deceiving: the photos actually look better if you can get them off the phone. It wasn't hard to figure out how to email the pictures I took on the phone directly to my blog, and once I did that I could see how well they turned out. On the downside, Verizon doesn't currently have a plan that allows you to avoid sending pictures off your phone without paying them. The deluxe picture sending package was $15/month, and only allows you to send 40 pictures off your phone per month. This makes it seriously prohibitive for using it as a serious camera. I've heard other people find ways of circumventing this using a USB cable, but I didn't try that.I really liked the ability to snap a picture of someone in my contacts, and then when they'd call me their picture would show up on the external screen. There's something pleasingly evocative about seeing your mother-in-law's face on your phone when she calls you.The screen is bright, large, and easy to read. I couldn't figure out a way to configure the external screen so that it wouldn't constantly say Verizon on it. I'm not sure if that's possible without 3rd party modification.The battery life on this phone seems poor. It was quickly running  out of battery if I was actively using the phone and fussing with contacts. I also didn't like that the external screen seemed to go to sleep often and quickly. You have to touch a button if you want to see what time it is.In summary, if you're big into features this phone is great and flashy. If you're into simplicity, battery life, and ease of use look elsewhere. I traded mine in for a Nokia 6015i, and I'm much happier.

The Motorola v710 is an amazing piece of work...  to look at.  That's about it.  When the screen decides to work, it awes.  Great color and graphical display.  The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors...  I'd rather be using a disposable then this.  The worst part about the phone by far is the charger.  I have to jiggle the cord around, wrap it around objects, then pray and sometimes it will work.  The sales reps spoke of it as if it were the second coming of Jesus, but they must have been lied to as well.

I have been through all the cell companies (T-Mobile, Cingular, AT&T, Sprint, and now Verizon.) and am happy with this phone. All of the GSM phones would drop calls when I was in buildings and on the road. This phone has yet to drop a call. My last phone was the all in one IPAQ phone. That had the best feature set of any phone, but what good was that if the calls dropped? So I got this one and am happy. The bluetooth works great with my headset and as a modem for my laptop. I wish it did data transfer, but that is not a deal breaker for me (loss of important calls was). I got the transflash off Amazon for a great deal and love that ability to shuttle data between my laptop, pda and phone with it. All in all, I am please with this phone.

I've had the phone for 4 months now. This phone has great reception. My friend has a Kyosera Slider and I always get extra bar. Camera only works in daylight. You need Trans Flash card to load MIDI/MP3 ringtones - but the sound is great.I did invest into the USB cable and Motorola sync software - now I'm able to sych my Outlook contacts with the phone.  Calendar sync is the possibility as well, but I don't use it.The holster is cheap and cracked pretty soon - had to go and get a BodyGlove case, which is quite good.Battery life is OK, I get 2-3 days out of it with light use.

(12/19/2004) I just got this phone yesterday. I love the reception and the sound quality is excellent. My only grip is that you can't have multiple number per contact. I had my numbers transferred from the LG6000. I HAD 100 contacts, home & cell for each. Now, I have 200 people in my phonebook. Oh well... I bought this phone as a direct result of all the headset/hand free laws that passed in each state while driving. I'll use this for a while with the speakerphone; my next purchase is going to be the Bluetooth headset.

I just saw the bad reviews and I have not had the problems that others have had.  I have had the phone for over a year and it still works great.  No issues at all.

i was mildly excited to get this new phone after losing my lg vx6000, which i really liked.  i liked the lg vx6000 because of its convenient camera, its ability to have mp3 ringtones (via some easyhacks), its ability to sync via bitpim (a great tool, look it up on the web!), and its decently small size.  when i upgraded to the v710, my first hesitation was its ginormous (enormous) size.  it's bigger than motorola's old star tac line, which for the better half of a decade set the golden standard.  compared to the lg vx6000, this motorola v710 is a big, big, clunker, the land yacht of modern cell phones.one _might_ think that my concern about the size is all image-based; but no, the size creates serious problems.  for one thing, the phone is heavy and easily falls off whatever its clipped to (belt, bag, etc.) because of its weight and its clumsy holster.  secondly, the giant size makes the phone get in the way of daily activities.  this phone ought to be as slim as motorola's razr v3 phone.originally, i was pretty excited to get a 1.2 mp camera and a camcorder.  of course, i think this imaging chip is a cmos not a ccd, which is a negative, but one i'm willing to accept for the sake of size and price.  however, when you first take the phone out of the box, you will have the ultimate problem of figuring out how to transfer the photos and videos off your phone to your computer.  it seems that verizon tries to trap you into using their extremely overpriced pixplace service.  at 25 cents an upload, you can easily rack up a bill as enormous as this phone's body.  what's the use in owning a digital camera, if you need to pay in order to retrieve your pictures?  that's like owning a film camera!  it appears that originally, we were supposed to transfer our pictures via this phone's nice bluetooth functionality.  however, what i'm hearing is that verizon purposely dumbed down this phone's bluetooth functionality in order to armbar us into using their expensive (and inconvenient) data transfer services.  after all, we should've been able to transfer mp3s to our motorola v710 phones via bluetooth in order to use them as ringtones or with the built-in mp3 player.the only way to get around this data transfer dilemma is to buy the moderately priced transflash ram card.  sandisk makes a nice 256mb transflash ram card, which has greatly improved my relationship with this phone.  it's feels more like a quick fix than an ideal solution, which would be a wireless or even wired connection direct to my computer.  (in fact, earlier, i had purchased a motorola data cable for this phone; but without the expensive software and without the time to implement the hack software, it was of little use to me.)my disappointment over the bluetooth functionality doesn't stop there.  i am indeed upset that i can't transfer files to my computer via the bluetooth connection but am further unhappy that i cannot interface the phone via bluetooth with my palmone tungsten t5.  one would expect that i could use the pda's phonebook from my phone via the wireless connection.  from what i'm hearing, one of the few things this bluetooth i/o is good for is one of those expensive wireless handsfree kits.  luckily, the phone has a built-in speakerphone that provides a good handsfree solution, one of this phone's only positives.i do enjoy the camera with somewhat satisfactory flash and the camcorder.  the still images come out nice at 1.2 mp, admittedly better than the pictures from my old lg vx6000.  i also enjoy the self-portrait mode, where you close the lid and use the _outside_ screen as the viewfinder.  (this could function as a makeshift mirror if needed.)  the biggest negative about the camcorder is that the video is stored in this awkward .3g2 (3gpp) format, which is incompatible with windows media player and seems only to work with apple quicktime.it seems that verizon is pushing its customers to upgrade from lg vx6000 phones to these motorola v710 phones.  it _is_ a natural evolution from small still pics to video clips.  however, verizon's definitely taken this opportunity to attempt to foil the gadget guru crowd, which previously enjoyed hacks for free wireless web and the like.  considering that customers will find they need to buy more of verizon's services in order to use this phone verizon ought to be paying the customers to switch to this phone.  perhaps, the closest we'll get to that situation is a free-after-rebate deal.

poor build quality, battery life and there are no games  included. warning do not buy.and battery life is even worse when you use the bluetooth.I even bought the extended battery still very miner improvement if you want a quality phone buy the samsung  a670.

Just got it 2 days ago. It took me a long to finalize this phone. As everyone had mostly negative reviews. Here in amazon on cnet etc. Well, the camera isnt that bad. Its as good as what you should expect from a cell. Then the voice quality is superb, and its so loud and clear. You'll love it. The reception is great everywhere.I guess this is the only bluetooth (only voice) choice from verizon, and it has all other features of speaker phone and so on.I guess its a nice choice.Kaushal

This phone is Awesome those of you that don't like this phone for one reason or another. I would have to say that you don't have a clue what this phone can do. This phone does it all. With a 128 or a 256 mb trans flash card you can store tonz of photos even photo that you take with your normal digital camera and the the phones camera, you can store them on there. You can put mp3's on there and listen to them through the external speaker or get some headphones, the best part is with the right software you can put full length movies on there, and yes the quality is good, granted it's not HD quality but it's a phone. Most people ask when am I ever going to watch a 2 hour movie on my phone and your right you probably won't but you can put all of the cool/funny little clips that are all over the internet on there and those make for a good laugh when your bored or something. Those who have this phone and don't like it all you have to do is search a little bit and you will love this phone. This phone is the best phone I've ever had. The voice reginition is awesome the speakerphone is awesome. The whole phone is awesome.

this phone was the beginning of the end for motorola. This phone after one year began falling apart. The input keys didn't work anymore, the signal dropped, phone calls dropped, etc etc....it was a complete disaster. NO wonder motorola hasn't been the same since then and hopefully Lenovo will bring the company back from the grave where it is now.

Does anyone know if you can buy this phone at the discounted price if you already have Verizon's service and you just want to upgrade your phone? I can't seem to find this option when I try to buy this..Thanks

This is a great phone it is extremely clear when making calls. And is has great color screen, a TRansFlash slot and can play mp3's and movies converted in ".3gp" So why is it a four star because Verizon crippled its Blue tooth capabilities. DONT EXPCEPT FULL BLUETOOTH CAPABILITES TO WORK.BUT THIS IS STILL A REALLY GOOD PHONE...

I had 2 phone for past 8 months here are some Pros and ConsCons: -I dont make that many call so my actual instrument usage is very limited insipte of that both of my phones have been replaced twice, The buttons stops working.The buttons are not very friendly, you have to press really hard.The phone stops to charge intermittently with its original adaptors.If there is even a little drizzle, or hands are little bit wet the displays goes out.Camera is no where 1mb pixel, as claimed.Phone is really heavy.Bluetooth and memory card is locked.Pros:-Reception is very goodPhone speaker is excellentBattery life is okay.

The V710 mobile phone is complete garbage in just about every respect.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!I have never witnessed such poor quality control in my life.  I have had this thing for 2 long years and can't wait to get rid of it! I will never buy another Motorola product.

This is the buggiest phone I have ever used. It has all sorts of problems with bluetooth integration to the Acura Handsfee Link system. Also, Verizon has crippled the phone so that you cannot transfer files using Bluetooth to force you to use their Get It Now service which is much much slower in addition to the fact that you have to pay for it. Finally, the camera is aweful. I've seen better pictures from cheap 640x480 cameras and don't even try to take a picture indoors. I am very disappointed that this is the best Verizon can come out with in a Bluetooth handset. Why pay hundreds of dollars for this when you can get a better Bluetooth phone for use on the Cingular network for $50.

Pros:-Incredible reception-Crystal clear call quality-1.2 megapixel camera w/flash-Digital camcorder w/up to 3 minutes of video and sound-Sleek,sexy "executive"look..gotta love that black over silver!-Good speaker phone-Awesome voice recognition-Rock solid construction-Fully functional bluetooth(w/Alltel)-Easy accessible menus-Perfect sized,white lit "smart"keypad...this thing actually senses ands turns off when there is enough light!-Mp3 player and fm stereo headset-Beautiful,double color display(internal/external) with a total of six different colors also featuring a huge bright,internal screen-Tons of preloaded wallpaper and screen savers-Too many features to name!!!!Cons:-Weak vibrate(I assume this is to preserve battery life)-So so camera at night....in night mode,the camera takes mediocre pics even with the flash on.It takes forever to configure the right setting so my suggestion is read the manual and play around and see what you can come up with.-A bit better than average battery life...rated @ 3 hours of talk time ...I highly recommend the extended life which lasts for about 5 1/2 hours.-Surface scratches rather easily-Instruction manual is a little bit confusing in some aspectsConclusion:This is the best phone I have ever owned,I wouldn't own another phone!

I don't normally do these types of things but you people are completely wrong. You can have multiple numbers for one contact and only have the name listed once in the phone book. For those of you who can't read the manual here's how...Hit "contacts", then hit the "menu" button, scroll down to "setup" click that, then hit "view", select "primary contacts", then hit "done". What do you know, people with more than one number are only listed once. This is what the little book that comes with the phone is for, read it!As a phone, the V710 is amazing. We all knew about the crippled bluetooth when we bought it, thank Verizon for that. If you don't like it $175ETF and you are free to do what you want. You are not "stuck" with anything.My battery will last 3-4 days with my normal useage, if your battery is that bad take it back to the store and get a new one.The camera takes decent pictures for a PHONE! If you are using the picture on your phone change the resultion of the camera to 320x240. If you are going to put the photo on the computer use 1280x960, it will look good once you get it on the computer.Stop giving wrong information and read the phones manual! Remember it's a cell phone first and everything else second.

It might be because I have no intention of using bluetooth to transfer data (i bought a transflash 128 mb card with SD adapter for $31 on ebay), but I received this phone today and it has done very well. Calls are clear, even from my basement which normally has very bad reception. The camera is very good in bright light and how the pics turn out depends on how steady your hand is. The video capture is also cool, as long as you don't move the camera too quickly while shooting. The screen is also worth pointing out. It is very very clear and bright, and huge too. Looks-wise, the V710 is much cooler than almost all other cellies out there (the razr might be cooler looking but the V710 has more features). Since I've only had the phone for one day, I still haven't figured out most of the features, but maybe it's because i haven't read the book-sized manual yet. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a new celly, especially since IT'S FREE! I looked at it at Best Buy and it was $220 with a $40+/month plan. on Amazon, it is cheaper to begin with, and then they threw in an extra 150 dollar rebate. You can also choose the cheapest plan they offer and still qualify for the rebate (I don't plan on using more than 300 daytime minutes per month, so I went for the 30 dollar plan). I hope I've made it clear that, if you don't plan on using bluetooth for other things than wireless accessories, this phone is perfect for you.

Contrary to other user opinions I have found the V710 to be the best cell phone I have owned. The camera is on par with every other cell phone camera that I've seen. Meaning that this is a cell phone not a digital camera. While Verizon has crippled some of the bluetooth advantages they cannot diminish the quality of this phone. The reception and voice quality far exceeds anything else Verizon offers. Even crippled the bluetooth works flawlessly and is all that the average high use business person or casual user really needs. The display is both large and high definition, with black lettering framed in white.My eye sight isn't the best but with the V710 display I can read everything with a quick glance. The trans-flash expansion card is very small but works as advertised. I would suggest the desktop charger because it does away with the cheap charger plug in on Motorola phones and it has a data port to connect the phone to your computer. If you buy the desktop charger, the data cable, and phone tools 3.0 you can transfer your photos and data easily by just dropping your phone into the charger. Bluetooth is very convenient and one day will do away with wired connections but for now cabled connections are still the most reliable. I could go on and on about the advantages the V710 has over the other Verizon phones but let me sum it up this way: (1) best reception (2) best sound quality (3) top of the line speaker phone (4) excellent display (5) trans-flash expandable memory (6) mediocre camera, but it does take short movie clips (7) very customizable options (8) good size and weight for most people (9) bluetooth connectivity works great for most users (10) plastic, but very solid build quality. Those are the highlights that I've found, try this phone and I think you'll agree and probably find other features you like even more. For $200 at Amazon.com plus a $50 rebate and another $150 rebate down the road, I dare even the biggest critic of the V710 to find a better phone available from Verizon. Let's be honest here, Verizon is the best cellular carrier in the U.S. so we are forced to deal with the phones they offer or settle for dropped calls and static, or no service at all. All the gimics aside we all want clear calls and good reception the V710 and Verizon offer this better than anyone else right now.

I have had my Motorola v710 for approximately 5 months now and it does everything I want it to and more! I listen to my mp3's on at all the time.  Plus I can take pictures and store them on my "trans flash" card which I have seen raging in price from $19.99 up to $34.99. The pictures look great, not a fan of the video feature though.  If you are technically challenged do not buy.  I would suggest this phone to people who can have a minute extra time to figure it out and doesn't need the whole thing spelt out for them. Great phone!

I bought this phone with thoughts of a great camera and reliable phone. I have yet to see either of them. After the first month the internal screen went all white after a period of the phone sutting off randomly. I'm on my second phone. The phone just seems very flimsy. Also the camera is absolutly the worst camera I have ever seen on a camera phone. I know it's just a phone and not a digital camera, but I would expect that pictures would be somewhat decent especially becuase this phone boasts a 1.2 megapixel camera. Very misleading. This phone is soo bad I am contemplating paying the 175 cancellation fee and leaving Verizon (since the bastards won't let me switch models) for the very highly rated SLVR and Cingular.
