
This phone has been featured on the Wives of Orange County, people it's old news and played out! Time to come up with a new design. By the time you see it on TV all the other posers already have them. It no longer is original and it's yesterday's fashion. So if you are thinking about buying it don't because it is too late! Fashion moves quickly, you have to move with it!

This phone sucks.  The software is slow, especially when the phone is loaded with lots of pictures.  The buttons are clumsy to push, especially if you have big fingers.  Ergonomically you would do better with an older model Motorola cellphone.  The buttons on the side are laid out in a manner that when you handle the phone you frequently  tend to change the ringer to off inadverdently.  That is a real design boo boo.The RF section is, however, pretty sensitive and stacks up well against any other phone in terms of talk distance and reception.Don't waste your money.

It's really great.  I used the phone in India and it works really good.Thanks,Suguna Reddy

I am still holding onto this phone although I know many have moved on to new brands. Well, am not giving this one up yet as it works fine and I currently don't need a phone for those many extra things. I have not even used all the functions on this one! For those who want a functioning phone just for calls and texting aka keeping it simple this is a phone I would recommend.

Really good phone, it looks like it has been restored to a well condition state. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a budget phone.

This phone is great to me, I love all the features that comes with this phone, a luxurious gold and silver finish, megapixel camera and mp3 player with bluetooth connections,video capture/playback,quad-band world phone (850/900/1800/1900 MHz),voice-activated dialing,and you're talk time is up to 4 hours. It doesn't hold memory long but it is very pretty, everyone is always like where did you get your phone i have never seen a phone like that!![...]

I do love this phone, and regardless of what another review says its gold not bronze. However if you use tmobile you may have some issues. Firt when you get a voicemail message you will not get a standard alert telling you that you  have a message., You get this blank weird text from '_@' no names, no text just those two characters in the 'from' line., The only way to fix this is to actually download software to hack the phones software itself because tmobile don't go out of their way to fix it or send the updates via text for the phone. Another thing, games from tmobile will not work on this phone, another issue because of tmobile lack of service, but just something to be aware of when buying this unlocked phone. Also when you get this pack ,you do not get the US power charger but rather some asian/euro charger with an adapter. There is also a weird sticker on the box sayng that as soon as you open it motorola no longer are responsible for repairs. Totally weird but anyway...how do you know if you even need repairs unless you open it? I foun this totally insane. I have had no actual damage or problems other than the issues with tmobile voicemail and game functions.I have had mine a few months and haven't had problems with fading, however I do keep it in the eel skin case most of the time. Another thing, the battery doesn't last long on this phone, not compared to other phones I have had.This phone looks great and does work well ...once you sort out a couple of issues.

dolce gabana cell looks great and operates easily. problem i have is battery does not hold up well. constantly charging battery. followed all instructions for charge up.

Well, where do I begin?This phone was given by myself as a present to a dear friend of mine. Text messages are often never received nor sent by this phone to other phones. Also, the phone will be closed in attempted to be dissconnected from a recent phone call - however, more than a few times the phone will not disconnect the call, as if it is still connected to the last caller. At this point the battery must be completely removed and the phone restarted.Also, the phone will randomly say "please insert SIM card" when the SIM card is already inserted into the phone...All in all i was very dissapointed by the money i paid - a very high amount for a cell phone. THe phone has already been in the shop once - and my friend has only had it since christmas.

day 1 - the day you buy it.day 2 - the day you get rid of it.

Alex was great @ Best Buy.  The battery back was missing a locking clip.  After notification he took care of replacing it; and as well downloaded a ring tone I was after but was having difficulty downloading.

This company practices good old chivalry with its clients as well as with potential clients.  This is the phone to have if you want wide eyes open when people see it in your hand.  I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.  Batteries seem to be funny even with the best laptops:  it is a matter of knowing how and when to charge your phone batteries; once you get the trick you'll always see the magic work!

I love my dolce and gabbana motorola phone; I have the bluetooth headset and eelskin case too. Come on, if you are into D&G you might as well do it right. :)  The mp3 sound is great; phone is easy to use and has great features. I recommend it for those who must have.....like me!

it would not let me get picture messages or send pictures and we went through hours of phone calls to find out that nobody could do anything for me so i was a huge waste of time and money

I completely agree. This is a trendy phone for those who love to show off. It has some great new features as compared with the older versions of the razr. It's not a PDA or a smart phone and is not intended to be. This is stickly for the fashionistic age, those who want to show of something that not everyone has. As a matter of fact, you won't see anyone carrying this phone where I'm from (MI) and only 2 people have purchased it in the Metro Detroit area so far (me being on of them). So it's rare, and it's nice to have something that no one else has. I love it for what it is. It's way better than the other razrs and the phone mp3 is pretty ok. Especially for the $200 I paid for it. I enjoy this phone and the looks people give me when they see it. So don't buy it if you are into high quality features that a smart phone has to offer, buy it if you want to be flashy and rare! LIKE ME :-)

bought and was exited spent 40 usd for shipping sent to Africa got thanks then screws started falling off.Then i received a sad phone call from Africa.Now i have to find another phone.

WORKED ON AND OFF FOR A MONTH, THAN QUIT.  WATCH ANYTHING YOU BUY FROM THIS OUTFIT. THIS PHONE WAS SOLD AS NEW HOWEVER IT HAD ALOT OF MILES ON IT AND IT WAS FAR FROM NEW. TIP YOU BETTER TO BUY PHONES FROM SOMEONE YOU CAN TAKE IT BACK TO.

I bought this phone from Neiman Marcus when it first came out, and it's been about a year now and I have no complaints. It's an awesome phone, both in function and design. I absolutely love it and highly recommend it, especially for those fashionistas out there! It's definitely worth buying, in particular now that it is at half the price it was at when it first came out.

I got this phone because I wanted to change from pay as you go to a subscription plan.  I just took whatever phone the sales person offered me.  I was quite taken aback by the flash of a D&G gold phone and the implications of having such a high end label.  That is my only complaint.  The quality of the speaker system is excellent.  I love the real song capabilities and the ease of texting.  I have gone from hating texting to texting diva.  I love this phone and have had it since September and have had no problems with the battery or the finish.  The phone will get you noticed, but that's not why I got it.  I recommend this phone as being useful, capable, and efficient.  I'm not a techie, and only use it for texting, alarm clock, listening to tunes, and phone calls.

If you're looking for a phone that is the best value for your money, stop reading right here. This phone isn't for you.If, however, you're looking for a functional phone that is attractive and garners a lot of attention from passersby and fashionistas alike, you're in the right place.The Motorola V3i DG is a great phone - it is a RAZR after all. Some people don't like the RAZR because they think it's been played out or overdone, but this phone is unique and has a definite "cool factor". The phone's features are a standard late 2005 or early 2006 featureset - there's an MP3 player, a transflash slot, a camera (that could be a lot better, but that's Motorola for you - it's a phone), a video camera, support for real-song ringtones, and a nice set of screens.If you're looking for a device for e-mail, this probably is not your phone. If you like to text constantly and IM casually and you talk often, this is a great phone for you. My one gripe is that the speaker phone is of a low quality compared to the RAZR I had for Verizon. Other than that, it's an excellently-crafted piece of work.I highly recommend this phone (with the awesome-looking DG case).

This is a great phone but will not work on AT&T. Have been waiting on return slips for over a week.After 4 phone calls to customer service. How long does it take to e-mail return slips.Do not buy from these people.

Phone poorly made and very badIt may be usedI would not advise one to buy phoneYou should not buy this phone and save your money

Let me be frank I bought this phone because it looked good. It's beautiful and very easy to use. I usually buy a Nokia. The problem is my phone's battery stopped working in the second month. So I bought a new one. Then people started telling me they can't hear my voice well. So I couldn't talk to them for long. Plus my ear hurts more while using it then using my last phone. Also the golden D&G sign is starting to become silver. I concluded that this phone isn't for me and just bought a Nokia. If you want a phone everyone is going to ohh and ahh over then this is the one for you. In my first week about 25 people told me my phone was gorgeous. But if you want the phone that will last longer then a few months consider what happened to me.

I have had this phone since August and I love it. I am constantly complimented on it and people are always curious about it. I have no problems using text messages (someone had said they did) There is a slot for a micro SD card inside the phone (I have a 2GB card) so it doesn't really run slow for me. The phone has additional features a regular razr does not, like airplane mode, iTunes, and what I like best, software that you can transfer pictures to your phone from your computer (make your own wallpaper!) and can make your own ringtones with. Since D&G designed the phone there are some misspellings in the English lol (like dialled calls, personalise for example). There are times when I don't have signal when I should, but there are also times when I get signal when noone else does (like on the subway) so its a coin toss. All in all I love having th phone. It is definitely for people who love to be noticed and show off, and like having a pimped out phone.

not bad..old model but  working well....

This was my first phone through T-mobile 4 years ago. Somewhere down the line it broke on me. Since then, I've gone through enough phones to realize just how much I loved my D&G RAZR V3i. I miss it but am leaving T-mobile, thus I won't replace it.

Why would anyone pay so much for some retarded looking phone when you can get one for free at any carrier. Amazing how utterly shallow people are that they have to have some  ridiculous pimped out phone that they will just replace in six months or so. Grow up people!

I have only had this phone for 3 weeks and I love it.I only use it as a phone and a camera.  I send text messages, too.I have not used the web, MP3 player, or speaker yet.It is beautiful.My only complaint is that it seems to get dirty quickly with regular handling.

This phone is not outrageously expensive and, if you wear a suit and good shoes sometimes, what's wrong with carrying a phone that doesn't make you look as a teenager? I bought D&G RAZR to replace my ~$600 Treo, because it was too heavy in a pocket and antenna fell out and had to be reattached with crazy glue. Voice quality  and battery life is far better than Treo for half price.

do the research...reap what you sew, I got my D&G razor phone free! too muchmoney? not nuf time?

Same great phone in a great package.  My wife wanted one when we saw them in Ireland in the fall, so I picked it for her Christmas present.  People stop her to ask about the phone and her office if envious.Great gift for the woman who has it all!!!!

I saw this phone at saks....not to fond of the Razr , however it caught my eye simply because i own a lot of Dolce and Gabbana clothing. With that said....this is a designer phone, one can choose to buy a hanes cotton t-shirt for 10 bucks or a D&G with the same feel for 100+ ( same concept applies to this phone  ). If one feels that this phone is out of their price range ( or too expensive ) it's probably because they either can't afford  it, or are quite practical with their money .None the less this  phone can only be appreciated by fans of the designer.  5 stars for design ( i'm bias to this label over all others ). As far as function I enjoy my cingular 8525 pda

The Motorola Razr's hype is based on alot of advertising.  I had one of these for 2 days.  It was horrible.  I couldn't hear people talking to me, so I turned up the volume to maximum and then I was echoing in the background.  I've heard this phone has had nothing problems.It felt soooo good to say "GOODBYE MOTO!"

At first sight, i found this phone to be extremely attractive. I mean, what else could you ask for but a Dolce & Gabbana RAZR!?! Considering this phone is comparable to the original RAZR i wouldn't dare spend this much on a simple phone, but I guess it is the thought and concept that counts... gold rules!

My wife really wanted this style phone again after hers stopped working suddenly. I ordered her another one from this site and it worked for about a week on the T-Mobile network and then suddenly stopped working. I returned that phone and received another one and that phone never worked, it took over 4 months to receive my refund from this site.

This phone is gorgeous.  I am not sure why anyone would say it is ugly -- quite to the contrary, I get frequent compliments on it.  It's absolutely adorable.  I also have the pink Razr, and I switch the SIMs so I can carry whichever phone suits my mood that day.  All of my contacts are totally portable.  Fun!

Good, came in perfect packaging and good condition. Exactly as I expected. Works well. I an enjoying my moto RAZR and the color!

I received my RAZR V3i cell phone and am completly happy with my purchase.  I've read the other reviews and could not disagree more with this seller.  Delivery was very fast and I inserted my SIM and off I went.  I would buy from this seller anytime.  Thanks.Cell

I had this phone for about two months. It has the worst user interface of any phone I have owned. It was obviously designed by some engineer without any notion of what phone users really want to do. After 2 months, when I couldn't get it to redial a phone number I had just called, I took a hammer to it. As  one reviewer said, the two happiest days you have with this phone are when you buy it and when you get rid of it !!! I'll never buy a motorola phone again. I only gave it one star because I couldn't give it zero !

for $375 this phone is outrageously pricedonly 1.3MP? how much memory does it come with? Where is stereo bluetooth support? This phone lacks the A2DP Bluetooth profile for stereo bluetooth headsets. For a phone that's over a year old, this is seriously too expensive.the only reason why im giving it 2 stars is for the dolce & gabbana name on it.just take a look at the sony ericsson w810i for example, 2mp camera, 512MB memory stick, upgradeable to 4GBs, and no i am not paid by sony to say this.this is just some old phone with D&G;'s logo slapped on it. It's not hard to find a better phone.

BUY THE PHONE MOTOROLA RAZR V3i DOLCE & GABANA COST $ 110.00. AND ONE SENT ME WRONG, I WISH ME HELP SOLVE THIS PROBLEM.

I have requested MOTOROLA RAZR V3i DOLCE & GABBANA and i have received only MOTOROLA RAZR V3i gold color normal model.Plz update me or send me refund for the price difference.

This phone I found is over priced, and doesn't work any differently than my mom's razor phone that she got for free from her cell phone provider.  If you want a phone that looks like it belongs to a pimp, by all means buy it.  In the end, it's still a cell phone.  Wasn't worth my time.  Hope I spared you from losing some hard earned cash.  The phone will lose the ringer or not ring at all depending on how you handle the phone.  The buttons on the side are not very ergonomical.  I wish I had read the reviews and saved my money.

the handset is nice, fits my basic needs of text and making a phone call but! the battery is not working, its not keeping charge, the store should have anticipated this and included replacement batteries, so right now the phone useless to me

Sorry amazon, this is my first dissapointed review at amazon. there are 2 d&g as anne said, black and gold which is the limited edition one and the mass production one, i just bought this one but unfortunately its not in a perfect or new condition some dirt on it, the color is faded and is almost gone from the side buttons, doesnt close welland a white label inside the body trying to cover the original fone information, the assemblying is very poor, i love motorola, never had this problem, please be aware of thi, i think it's refabrished or something, missing features, buttom line DONT BUY IT FROM HERE i would sell mine for 10$ without shipping however i just got today.:S

This gold razr is cool looking, but looks too much like some kiddy prize or something and the paint is sure to wear off! so much for a beautiful lookin phone. get the Motorola Razor V3tit is the black one for T-mobileit has a memory card and the motorola symbol on the from flip lights up blue its amazing!!!

I just received my new Motorola RAZR V3i Dolce & Gabbana Phone (Unlocked)by Motorola.  I use Verizon for my Services.  When I took it there to switch from 1 razor to another - they said they don't support this type of phone.  Would this be true or did the salesperson even know.  My current razor does not have a Sims card.Thank you

I was expecting an original version of Motorola RAZR but  got a duplicated version which stop functioning after the 1st use as well as it refused charging. All what I paid for this device wasted.

I use my phone for my life! I mean I travel I work I talk I download text and my planner OMG I would be lost without a GREAT phone! I have to say I was worried at first to buy but, heck if I didnt like believe me I would of returned it! I get so many comments oh where did you get the that phone? I never seen one that color? "THATS JUST HAWT!" So I have never heard anyone tell me ugh why that color please this colr shines pink pss thats what I got my daughter. I'm 30+ yrs old I want style and this phone is style! Now i talked about the looks lets talk about the use! The phone loads super! It has no trouble downloading files for work or play! I love this phone @ Thumbs up!

I am highly disappointed with this product. I have had it for approximately a month now. It rarely stays connected to the Bluetooth, it vibrates even when you turn off that feature, it cost too much to have such limited features. I feel "Robbed."

A beautiful cellular telephone with more features than the average person will ever use.  We purchased the unlocked cellular for use by my wife (I already had a more masculine cellular) when traveling in South America, rather than paying almost $3.00 per minute for calls through our local carrier.Check on the kids a few times and the telephone is paid for. The telephone charges saved, should justify the steep price of the phone. You can purchase a more economical unlocked phone but there is no way it will look as good as this one.

It is an OK phone.  I would buy a different one though.

Buenos D&iacute;as, se&ntilde;or (es) Amazon. Por esta v&iacute;a les escribe Arcos David Bigott Ram&iacute;rez, La presente es para informar inconformidad en la compra de un tel&eacute;fono Motorola Razr V3i Dolce & Gabbana, a la compa&ntilde;&iacute;a Zena Mobile, seg&uacute;n planilla Trasexpress PLR0109551795, el cual acabo de recibir, manifiesto en una serie de detalles lo siguiente: 1. El tel&eacute;fono que me lleg&oacute; no es el que aparece en sus fotograf&iacute;as y por el cual me dicid&iacute; a la compra del mismo, debido a que anteriormente tuve uno original Dolce & Gabbana y que conozco perfectamente que &eacute;l viene en una caja dorada, apliques dorados en sus teclas externas de volumen, tecla inteligente y de grabaci&oacute;n de voz, marco de la pantalla principal y logo Motorola todos dorados, trae hasta el dije Dolce & Gabbana con todos y sus dem&aacute;s accesorios que incluye manual, manos libres, CD de instalaci&oacute;n, adaptador de memorias SD, en el men&uacute;, su software incluye una especie de caja fuerte para almacenar claves, sitios web, de Key Criteria, etc&eacute;tera, La tapa de cierre de la bater&iacute;a lleg&oacute; con un peque&ntilde;o golpe en su extremo superior izquierdo. Posterior a este e-mail enviar&eacute; fotos de la caja y accesorios del que tuve y del detalle del golpe de la tapa de la bater&iacute;a que anteriormente se&ntilde;alo. Agradeciendo la mayor recepci&oacute;n e informaci&oacute;n al respecto quedo antento por el tel&eacute;fono (Venezuela) (058) (0412) 7945939 y direcci&oacute;n de correo bigottarcos@hotmail.com

Okay, first of all, the review down below which states this phone is only for homosexuals is complete garbage. I'm a heterosexual male and I think this cell is AWESOME!! I've gotten loads of compliments from people asking where I got it, and it also functions as a good cell phone and isn't all about the look. The only problem I have is that when you're trying to sign onto AIM, or download ringtones, photos, etc, it takes FOREVER. Some of the instant messages don't even go through. However, if you don't care about that, by all means, add to cart!

Lets be frank, this is a RAZR after all. It is all blinged out in gold as per the D&G style but it is a RAZR. The reason I give 4 stars is my wife absolutely adores this phone and she feels it is completely reliable. The phone's features and operation have been more reliable than her previous Silver RAZR so she loves it. The only reason I won't give 5 stars is the fact it is a RAZR and is prone to the normal problems associated with RAZRs. If you want the look, then buy the phone.

I cant describe how awful and embarassing moment i had in this phone. It got broken even I wasnt using it on that time. The screen lighting was down, and the phone was very bad quality itself. The phone has been detached its part at the side as soon as i open the box. SInce no warranty i hate myself I did bought it!Not worth it. Its a FAKE! QUALITY IS FAKE

no

I work for a cell phone company and when I saw this phone and then one of my guy friends said, Wow, that would look good on you!, my ego took over and I had to have it. Having never owned a Motorola cell, I am still learning it but it has been wonderful. The camera resolution is very good as well. I feel pretty much like I'm "all that" when its in my pocket in its gold leather case with my Dolce & Gabbana "DG" charm hanging out of my pocket. Or when its sitting on my desk in my office and it draws a crowd. I also purchased the "gold" DG blue tooth. Not only is it cool because how many blue tooth units are gold and have DG on them, but the call quality is awesome! I LOVE IT!!

Not Dolce & Gabbana at all. Just a regular V3 in gold color. Don't get fooled and waste your money.

Got my phone today. nothing like the picture. and no logo either. it is gold tho and seems functional. also black on the inside not silver. which bugs me but if it works thats fine. could have done a lot better:(

I adquired a motorola v3i DG for my wife, but the screen falled in blackout after seven days!! I do not understand how is this possible. Initially I supposed a software problem but latter I realized that it was a hardware fault. I lost my money...

This is a gorgeous cell phone but requires a sim card so I had to send it back as Verizon doesn't do sim cards.  It is lovely to behold and it greets you with "Doice Gabbana" upon start-up. I never was able to take advantage of the other features but am sure it would have been wonderful.

The cell was exactly as expected. even though this is an older model works correctly. I will give them this phone to my mother and she remained haunted, loves her new cell and the large numbers and the backlit keyboard helps a lot to her to dial correctly

The phone worked for its purpose. It was a prop. Unfortunately, some of the parts of the phone were falling off of the phone immediately after taking out of delivery box. Not put together well. Obviously a cheap product that has been mass produced. Not worth the $100.00 I bought it for. Not sure about the return policy.. so they may be good about that but since it wasn't my money... I didn't get too disappointed about it.

A great phone . This time I bought two for a couple of newly married friends. I thought that it would be an unusual gift

I love the gold color!  Too bad I just bought a black razor last month.

i love my gold phone. when i first got the black razr, i hated how flimsy it was, i was afraid of sitting on it. then i switched to the slvr, which i totally loved. i loved how sturdy it was and the thinness. however when i got my slvr stolen, i bought the unlocked gold razr. it is similar to the black razr that i had, but this time i actually am not afraid of breaking it, bc i now care for this phone more than the previous two. it may be just the label, or that it is in gold, but i really make sure not the scratch or sit on this phone AT ALL. if you are looking for a replacement phone bc you got yours stolen and have to buy an unlocked GSM phone, i really recommend this one, bc it is only 150 dollars more than a regular unlocked razr. i also recommend this phone if you have a tendency to not care for your phone, bc with this phone you will definitely start caring.
