
Going from an old Nokia 6200 (which had great call quality and was ahead of its times)  to a Moto Razr I suffered the torments of usability hell. No memory, no headphone jacks, terrible address book, substandard camera, terrible alarm clock, etc etc.The day I got my digits on the W810i (i for international, unlocked quad band) was a happy day for me. Now, one year into using it I can expertly outline the pros and cons, and authoritatively issue bouquets and brickbats.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hot -* Great battery life. I don't measure this in terms of hours and minutes but the reality of how often I had to charge. I use the phone quite a lot for listening to music especially and have never run out of charge when on the road. On days of low usage I have gone 3 days without a recharge, but topping up for 1 hour everyday is all you need. With the Razr I was constantly being stranded with a dead phone.* Superior voice quality - as distinct from CALL quality, which thanks to Cingular sucks like a vaccuum cleaner!* Walkman quality music - I use iPod earbuds for a good reason, sometimes a Sony MDR 7506- More later.* An expandable Sony ProDuo memory slot of upto 2GB.I bought the phone with 512 MB and have not needed to upgrade yet.* A feature rich 2 MP camera with flash, white balance controls, macro mode, night mode, zoom, resolution settings, and effects settings.  This is quite adequate for point and click oppotunities - but also great for video, I bring out my Rebel XT 8MP only for more "artistic" photography.* A great FM radio. Works really well, although it does require the customary earphone-jack extension that also works as an antenna. I say "customary" because I don't think there is any phone that can play the radio without having to attach the headset cord.* The proprietary audio jack (Sony Ericsson only) actually ends in a generic RCA type stero headphone plug! This saved the phone and allowed me to jettison their earbud in favour of the iBud, or my Hi-Fi studio monitor when I feel like it. You can easily switch from whatever you're listening to -- the radio, the MP3 player or the video player and take a phone call by clicking a button. The song is paused, and will continue where you left off after ending the phone call. The iPhone is trumpeting this feature, but its been a part of the W810i for over a year.* Has an MIDP 2.0 mobile java O/S, which means you can download any and every java app. I use the Opera Mobile browser instead of the packaged Sony browser and google maps which are are also a free j2ME download - *no more paper printouts for me*. I also use a mobile app from cricinfo.tv for streaming cricket scores, and the pre-loaded Music Mate which playes basic guitar chords and also has a pitch pipe for tuning musical instruments.I am a non-starter in video games so i won't comment, except to say i tried the "JC does Texas" preloaded game - it was fun, but did not convert me into a gamer ;-)* The Address book is really excellent. It has a full featured contact list system like a vCard that includes full address and multiple phone numbers for the same contact. In theory the calendar and address books can be synched with Outlook if you download the Sony Ericsson PC Suite and connect use Outlook to synch calendar and contacts. I have no reason to believe this won't work, except my work place will not allow personal devices to be installed or synched up on the work machine. At home I don't use Outlook, so I'm missing out on all the calendar and reminder functionality* A nice alarm clock that lets you select days of the week you find" alarming".So my alarm does not go off on weekends, then comes back on every day of the week.This is a big improvement over the old way where you had to manually set the alarm for each day.You snooze, you lose.* I found this out very recently - but the phone plays videos appreciably. There is a minor geek factor to this, but well worth it. You can take pretty much any video file you have - from P2P, DVDs, flash, etc and convert it to the 3gp format. I use a free universal encoder that's quite a wonder. Its called SUPER and you will find it at e-rightsoft - For example I watched the final episode of Heroes on my phone in a flight. Downloaded from bittorrent, encoded to 3gp to a 176*144 format that took all of 90MB.  You can watch full length movies doing this, but the movie player functions like bookmarking are sorely missing for long files. If you don't watch the full movie at a stretch, you'll spend minutes simply forwarding to the correct spot the next time.THIS IS HUGE -- you can take any YouTube video with you on this phone. Yeah, yeah its a two step process but which one of you is busy saving the world anyway. Get a firefox plugin for downloading YouTube videos as .flv files (flash videos), then use SUPER to encode into 3gp. Voila! -- I have Rihanna's Umbrella and Fergie's Bumps accompany me on all my rides.* The phone is recognized a USB plug-and-play drive. Need I say more?This is very useful, because its easy to move files and also charge it anywhere I have a computer with USB! Forget DRM, everyone is going away from that anyway. Also, Apple's way of requiring iTunes and having to register a device by deviceID before using it, that is way too restrictive.My kingdom for USB P'nP freedom!* W810 has Bluetooth and Infra Red ports. Use them for file transfers, synching or for headsets.* An email client that is configurable for POP3 so I get my gmail, no problems. This is not a business phone so there is none, and never will be support for corporate email. Its easy enough getting to your personal email though, even without POP. Use the browser, doh!* pretty standard but worth mentioning - has voice dialing, that can save you in some situations.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Not -* No WiFi !* No GPS receiver. This means that when you use google maps you have to manually figure out where you are, then also check if you are sticking to the route. I have had no problems with this myself, but could be incovenient for some.* The T9 texting system is disappointing. The Razr did it much better. There is no multi-select word completion, and there is not auto-add to dictionary any time you type out a word that was not in the dictionary. The process of adding your own short forms, cute names and whatnot is very manual and laborious.  Also, the auto completion with the Razr showed multiple word possiblities in a multi-select as you typed (like the AJAX javascript lookups in gmail adress) so that meant you could really fly through the message.* An open chat interface called MyFriends (under the Messages menu) using which you can log on to all your chat clients at once - AIM, yahoo, msn and IRC - possibly google chat but i've not cracked that nut yet.The setup is strictly for nerds/geeks/professionals - an average user could never set this up. After spends hours on many forums I was able to set it up. You need the use of a free third party registration system:  Yamigo to create a chat profile to which you can add your chat accounts.  When you create your MyFriends profile in the W810, you need to provide the URL as the server and select the Allow Connection tab to "Any Network" or else this won't work.MyFriends is a very ambitious concept and works in essence but fails in usability.It keeps the internet connection open always because it relies on an HTTP service. When you lose connection it logs you out of all your chat systems, requiring you to re-login. PAINFUL. It also drains the battery a lot. Sony would have done better to do what the Razr did, have an AIM chat client onboard that connects directly to the AIM server, so you did not have to use a third party http service.The best option is to set up the AIM and yahoo accounts to forward to cell phone when not signed in. Works like a charm.* The phone is capable of playing streams really - but bleeds to death on Cingular's cutting "EDGE".Hear me ye all - Cingular is the one thing that can kill Apple's iPhone. The situation can only be rescued if Jobs takes it over and refurbishes their network from the ground up.I have NOT found a realplayer for java mobile yet, so it is really a player problem.I'm sure there's an open source java project out there that can play all the streams.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Shot -* The earbuds from Sony are pure product suicide. They are so bad that I could barely hear the music and calls. If I had not tried the iBuds I may have hated this phone, only because of Sony's lazily and badly produced earbuds. That would have been a real shame because this is really quite an instrument.* browsing pictures on the phone is painfully slow.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------What you got -  The W810i is already more and does more than the iPhone will ever be, or do. Hi-Fi music, first class camera, great voice quality (when the signal exists!), calendar, addressbook, reminders, notes, alarms, email, SMS, MMS, bluetooth, video recording and playback. The iPhone will conquer the world anyway, because  it has sex appeal and ease of use like never before. Contextual buttons that come and go, basically an expanded interactive menu system. Brilliant breakthrough in usability. For those who don't want to spend the big bucks, you can get all that and more in less than half the price here.

I'm a music fan & I love electronic gadgets. After tiresome struggle with my palm pda that refuses to play any kind of movies, I saw this item by chance.It looks nice & has all the requirements that I need! with 2megapixel camera I can take better pictures than with my pda, play music of course, and hopefully enjoy movies & a cell phone in just this small lovely thing!.........................................................................BUT NO ! I'm so glad that I found this just before I click to submit my order. I CANNOT USE MY HEADPHONE WITH THIS PHONE......I'll have to use specific "ear-bud" headset to listen to the music.I don't like that kind of "ear-plugging" strobes because it cannot transfer much depth of music that I like.Of course, there are some "adaptors" to allow the use of universal headphone jacks, but then I'll have to struggle with wires and wires entangled.I wish this review be helpful to the people who loves music in serious way.

Screen is absolutely beautiful, charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days.  Quickdial, camera, online button, voicedialing all great.  Antenna is excellent, but not perfect.  Walkman is good, but could use a little more human factors work.  Small as it is, the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well.  Adding google maps and Yahoo! mail to the phone and it's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date.  Excellent bang for the buck.

That I love my phone!!!???!!!  I now only have to carry around 1 thing...my phone.  It came with a 512 Memory Stick duo card and I have well over 100 songs which I put on it using the included software.  It has a 2MP camera which is better than most phones have (although, I think Nokia has a 3MP one).  The radio works well, although the earbuds are hard to use when you get sweaty at the gym (or at least for me...they keep falling out)The camera is a nice to have feature because I can't very well take my huge clunky, professional camera with me when I go to the Irish Pub down the street.  The 2MP camera is a quality camera and more than enough if you want to make 3x5 prints or upload the pictures on your blog.  The screen has good colors which are vivid and bright.  You do have some control over the quality of pictures that you take, too.  You can adjust the ISO, macro and the powerful lamp also doubles as a flash (ok, itz not great, but it works)  You can also switch to night mode as well.The phone itself is solid and comfortable to hold.  The buttons are easy to reach and very intuitive.  There is a feature that allows you to easily set up your phone.The MP3 player is just as good as an iPod (which I don't use anymore since I got this phone) and the external speakers are really great.  There is only a single button to push to turn on the player.Overall, I'm very satisfied with this phone and I'm glad that I purchased it.  I think that if you want a good all in one phone this is your new toy!

This phone is the best for those who love music.  The Disc to Phone software is really easy to use.  The Walkman player has EXCELLENT sound quality with loud speakers.  The camera is one of the best on a cell phone with Auto Focus which is great for crisp shots with no blurriness.  I love the keypad (durable, cool rounded edges, and great response).  It's not the thinnest, but it is small enough for any pocket that's easy to hold.  I get perfect reception everywhere.  With quadband capabilities making it a WORLD PHONE, makes the W810i the best for anyone who loves feature rich phones.

I've owned this phone for 18 months, the first 15 months with T-Mobile and the past 3 months with AT&T.; Reception has been great with AT&T.; With T-Mobile, reception was good. For data, I use the Operamini 4 web browser with AT&T;'s unlimited Medianet and it is extremely fast and reliable. I can access almost all web sites. With T-Mobile Web, service was mediocre, up and down. But that was not the fault of the phone, but the provider. This phone has it all except for 3G and support for Bluetooth Stereo headsets. Music quality is great if you do not mind using the included wired headset.The camera is ok and takes decent pictures. But I would not buy this phone for the camera. The phone is very simple and intuitive to use. You can go on Sony Ericsson's web site and get whatever settings you need to suit the services you want your carrier to perform. I was only interested in the wap settings to surf the internet and SE sent that to my phone via SMS in a few seconds.If you want a reliable phone for data and voice, you should consider this phone. Battery life is excellent. I charge it almost every night for 2 hours because I leave the Operamini 4 browser on almost always since I am a very heavy data user.

Bought this phone(unlocked) 9 months back. Using it with t-mobile service so far. Switching from simple nokia to this phone.Negatives:1.voice sounds unnatural/automated during initial use. nokia seemed natural. Got used to it after a few weeks and don't feel it anymore.2.Unable to find a good cover for it unlike for other phones. Made do with a nokia cover. Seems to fit fine.3.No single beep ringtone. i really miss this feature from nokia. I tried adding a beep sound to the ringtone from my computer. But it repeats the beep making it annoying.4.Shows the time of only the last received missed call from a person. If a person called twice, i cant see the previous time the person called. Miss this feature from nokia.Positives:1.Good features. voice clarity is good at both ends.2.Camera is better than razor's but not as good as a regular camera. i rarely use it as i use a regular camera. But this is for emergencies.3.Dropped a few times on carpet. Works fine.4.Gets good signal coverage.5.i use it as an mp3 player. good sound quality.6.light is sometimes useful.7.connecting to the computer is useful. i can transfer any file or put any song and use it as ringtone. Also any theme or screen picture.8.Listened to FM radio for a while. But the wired handsfree is a pain to always have connected. So dont listen to fm anymore.9. has EDGE. but i dont know of anybody who ever connects to the internet using cell phone. neither do i.10. Its black. i like the color.Overall, i like this better than a razor anyday. I miss the features of nokia. But sony is a different company and getting used to it. Definitely worth buying.

I bought this phone after making a horrible purchase at Cingular with their LG320.  Terrible phone.I bought the W810 so that I could play music at the gym after my wife started using my Ipod.  And this phone worked out perfectly.  After sticking 2GB of memory stick pro duo in to the phone, I was up and running in no time flat.  The phone has really easy to use controls and the music quality was pretty good.The software that Sony gives you is also easy to use and easy to setup.  I was easily able to transfer music and files back and forth to the phone.  I loved being able to go out to Sony's website and download new themes for the phone as well.I'm sad to say that I had to sell my W810.  I found that travel was too difficult without staying in touch with email.  So I've moved over to a Blackjack.  However, I am so sad to not have my little phone around.  I really got attached to it.  It was an awesome little phone and would HIGHLY recmmend it.

The Sony Ericcson W810 is one of the world's leading phones. It definitely has superior camera quality and features than most of the other phones in the world. Also, the Walkman palyer is exceptional, and the memory is superb. This phone is definitely a leading music phone. I would personally rate it higher then the Motorola ROKR 1 and 2. It also has a very sleek look and it's all-around features are fantastic. It has almost every feature than one can think of. It is a phone than can last you the rest of your life and it is the world in the palm of your hands.

While listening to Radio often I hear high pitched beeps. And after some time this digital noise becames anoying. Considering this is designed to be a walkman phone I find this to be a major problem.

I bought this phone as a gift for my boyfriend and he is just crazy about it. It has a lot of cool features and it is very compact.

I've read a lot of reviews and Most say that this is a Fantastic Phone. I have to agree the Phone is incredible.A few people have had issues with "Noise" with the walkman, I have not had this experience and I converted my 192K WMA files to 96K MP3's (using the packaged software Sweet!) and still don't hear any degredation of sound even at low volvumes. The radio works fine and is Clear also. Calls are Clear and I have great Coverage in my Area.The Camera is an awsome Camera for a Phone Camera, I have a Sony 5.1 Mega Pixel, if I reduce the frame size to that equal to 2.0 Mega Pixel the photo are identical, it will never replace my Supershot for Camera features or Flash but for those shots when you don't have the Camera with you this will work great!This is the Best Phone I've ever had!

I had the W810i for slightly over a week and am very disappointed in it.  Assistance from Sony was sorely lacking.  I was told to send it to them (turnaround would be 14 to 21 days) to see if they could do anything to get it to stop dropping calls and to work with my Acura handsfreelink.  Cingular insisted unlocked phones would not work on their system - which was not quite the whole truth since I know others have working unlocked W810i phones on their system.What I like about the W810i:Small sizeEasy to navigate menusSound quality for both music and phoneEase of text inputCamera qualityWhat I dislike about the w810i:I could not get it work with my handsfreelink in my 2005 Acura MDX.  It would pair, but then transfer all of my calls made through the handsfreelink back to the phone.I had multiple dropped calls - almost every call!  I updated the software, changed the network to a manual selection, called Cingular, got a new SIM card and called Sony.  All to no avail.Bottom Line:I cannot recommend the W810i for someone who plans to use it as a phone!  It is a great music player though!

took a few configeration downloads from tmobile site, got it working, i am so happy i took the leap oSony Ericsson W810-Black Phone (Unlocked)of faith and purchased an unlocked phone, best phone ever , walkmans rule,

Sony Ericsson has a really great product here. It has everything I wanted. However, there is a well-documented hissing problem with the audio on the Walkman application that I din't discover until I got the phone. This is utterly *ridiculous* for a phone branded with the Walkman label. What's worse Sony Ericsson appears to acknowledge in support requests that there is a problem, yet will not fix it because the hissing was introduced when they fixed (via a firmware update) a sonic distortion problem when volume is cranked up.So, everyone who listens at a normal volume level is out of luck while people who are piercing their ear drums at least do it in crystal-clear audio. Nice. This is a firmware issue that SE refuses to fix, at least for now.SE had a real chance hear to create a killer product. It does a lot of thing really well. Just don't expect it to replace your ipod. Wait for the Apple cell phone. Apply appears to actually take audio seriously, unlike Sony Ericsson.

I have had this phone for at least 2 years now.  It has been through lots of abuse and still looks and sounds great.  It has survived several rounds with a 2 year-old and a 4 year-old.  The sound quality of the external speaker is the best I've ever heard on a cell phone.  I have stored a bunch of music videos and tv episodes on it in mp4 format.  I've put several mp3's on the phone.  It has an airplane mode so you have all your media available to you on flights.  It works fine with linux, just plug it in and the memory stick and the phone's internal memory are seen and mounted as separate devices.  Anytime I think about getting something new, I compare it with all the features this phone has and I can't justify buying anything different.  Texting is easy and fast.  I can record video with sound, and I have used the *very* bright light on the camera as a flashlight on numerous occasions.  I have used a number of other phones, and this phone manages to be more sturdy and more usable than any phone I've ever seen.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who's on the market.

I bought the SE W810i quite some time back now, in July 2006. I have been using the phone every day, ever since - and I have enjoyed the experience.* I recently bought a SE W910i for my wife. Except for the 3G, the W910 is a downgrade from the W810. Poor camera. Poor audio.* Compared to all the Nokias that I have seen (not the N95, N96), but all the other new Nokias as of 2008, the W810 still packs quite a punch.* This phone is light.* Well designed buttons. Not too many buttons. Intuitive software interface.* A very good camera.* Excellent audio.* Flawless interfacing with MacOSX.* Fast web browsing (EDGE).* Great, great battery life. Long lasting battery too. I use the phone quite a bit. And I need to charge the phone once in 3 days. Even now, after 2 years of nonstop use.* Opera mini browser works beautifully.* So do google maps and gmail. (Google maps can't zero in on the location, though. Apparently the version of Java used in the phone is old.)* Large memory. I have 2GB of flash and it works very well.* The torch is really really handy. In fact, this is all I had when I visited the volcano on Big island, and was stopped by the park rangers at night.* Phone can be used as a remote - and over bluetooth one can control the computer.* Infrared - I often store post-script files onto the phone and beam them to IR capable printers to print them.* Video recording - the audio pick-up is simply excellent.* Software is excellent. Does not hang. Fast and responsive. Even after 2 years of use.* Phone can be used as a modem. I have used it everywhere - airports, in the car... EDGE is decently fast. My experience has only been with MacOSX.The only reasons why I still look for phones now and then are:* A better camera.* WiFi capability.* GPS.* 3G.Apparently there aren't any phones out there that can match the W810i (I had bought it for $500 in 2006) at the same price, and yet offer me a better camera, WiFi, GPS and 3G.Yeah - probably the iPhone. But I hear one can't connect the computer to the internet through the iPhone... (Yes, there are reasons why I would want to surf the internet on my computer.)

This product was purchased with my credit card from my amazon account where I thought my info was safe.. I, however, did not make this purchase. Because of this laspse in security, my identity was stolen through amazon and this phone was what they purchased. Beware of having your personal info on Amazon.com, take any of your financial info off, trust me!

My previous phone was a Nokia 6600. It had a slow interface for 2006 and come on, I wanted to try somethingn new.Initially, I had planned on exploring my chances of buying a Treo but due to the rates, I gave up my plan. Without much pondering, I went and purchased a Sony Ericsson W810i. Now, it's been four weeks. Let me just give you a brief run thru of features, pros and cons.Features1. This phone is an mp3 player. This phone is a torch/semi flash light(with an SOS signal that can be configured). This phone has flash capability and further doubles up into a digital camera. Overall, it saves a lot of space to use this phone instead of just going out with a standalone mp3 player or/and a digital camera2. The interface is fast. It takes around 8 seconds to get an auto focus and click a picture using the camera. I'll try and explain - to come out of the screensaver you need half a second, to activate camera using the shortcut it takes 3 seconds, a further 2 seconds for auto focus and an additional 1 second to click you picture. Overall,8 seconds to click one image.You can browse thru pictures very quickly. It's around 7 times faster than my Nokia. Images can be clicked in sepia, black and white, solarise(kinda yellowey), negative and normal modes. Brightness can be reduced within the click of a button. I noticed grains on images of larger size. I don't recommend using the flash camera unless you really must. Plus while clicking a video, the light goes on and off, if the flash light is turned on.3. The build quality on the phone is both good and bad. I love the keypad and it is a major improvement from the 800i and sundry walkman phones. It took me three days to get used to the keypad. The dictionary like function on the phone keeps a track of all the words you spell. So they're definitely there the next time around. The front of the phone seems to appear too plastic. Especially the silver scroll keys and sometimes can make your phone look like a dummy piece. The sound speakers are situated on the backside of the phone and can be used conveniently even when the phone is upside down. You can insert your memory stick pro cards even when the phone is switched on. There is NO CAMERA SHUTTER like the previous installment of this phone (800i) The power button is placed most effectively just like the volume buttons on the right side of the phone which can be used for a host number of features.4. The internal memory of this phone is 22mb and the accompanied card contains 512mb worth of memory. The usable memory,however, is only 431mb. Upon connecting to the pc, both are instantly recognized and act as removable drives on the "my computer" icon. The accompanied software is almost brilliant. I loved "Disc2phone" and there is so much more I keep discovering about the other programs. Despite lacking an English Manual, I found I didnt need one because I don't know too many people who would buy a sony ericsson phone and not be techies in their own rights who like to configure things on their own.5. The bundled earphones are sublime. I cannot beleive the sound on these. They cancel all the noises in a room and it's a pleasure listening to beethoven playing away or Enya's mesmerising voice or even Tool's prog metal for that matter. The speakers are satisfactory and could have been louder. If used as a stand alone mp3 player with earphones, the phone would stand for around 6-7 hours.Playing the music without using earphones can eat up battery depending on the volumes of course. It supports m4a, mp3 and aac formats(and a few other formats)6. The messages memory of the phone is limited to around 150+ messages and that is a big blunder. Despite having a 512mb of external storage the phone cannot accommodate a mere 200 messages. The size of notes is limited and you need to make a second note to carry on. Bluetooth transfers to Samsung,Nokia phones runs at 20kbps while it's a consistent 40kbps for Sony Ericsson phones. Very good for transferring media.Pros- It can be called an ipod replacement. I don't use mine quarter as much as I used to. This is owing to the absolutely brilliant earphones that sit within your ear and help you celebrate your time.- I love how the phone slides into a digital camera. Good build quality for the particular feature.- Good standby, saves battery, easy to work with 50% brightness. Even when I reduce brightness from 100% to 50% (lowest possible) there is hardly any noticeable difference on the screen. The keypad is much lighter but that's hardly noticeable.- Fast processor, super graphics and wallpaper options, includes a good browser, calendar, good default themes- The accompanied torch can be used to change a flat tire and can be switched on for 25mins even when the remaining battery is only 15%. (tried and tested)- Good keypad(KEY FEATURE), good playlist configuring options- Excellent software for the phone, mp3s can transferred at variable bit-rates without taking too long- Excellent,fast log, the phones keeps track off the last ten numbers you've messaged and keeps them around for easy usage- It's easy to store numbers cause the phone prompts to save numbers when a call from an unknown number ends- Great handsfree- There is a memory stick converter (The longer ones used in cameras) and that is a handy thing- The MACRO mode helps in copying handwritten/type written documents using the cameraCons- too plastic, looks a bit boring too soon, screen can be scratched if no touchscreen is present- the accompanied tones for messages is sad, the message memory is very limite (Big DEMERIT) and the size of a note is limited- Call quality is not as good as can be- sometimes it takes over a minute for the phone to recognize it has been plugged into a USB slot- the accompanied FM radio needs to be in place to avoid screechiness in sound and proper volume- Even though the phone provides 512mb worth of external memory, only 431mb is useable. Ideally, i'd have liked a one gig card so I could have doubled on my usage.- Not enough upgradations over the W800i. People can settle for that phone because it has a slightly better talk life- IT HAS NO ENGLISH MANUAL- noticeable grains on 2megapixel imagesConclusion,All though I am very happy with this phone, I cant help but throw a fit over the limited message storage, you can save messages onto your pc but come on, who's gonna do that?Buy this phone if you like what you read. Not enough reasons to upgrade for 800i owners. BUT this phone has more appeal than 800i and has better more smooth graphics. There is a much better display and there is an improvement of 25% which I just noticed.However, unlike the 550i , there are no three way speakers and that makes "Stereo Widening" impossible.Overall rating - 7/10Very little to complain about,reallyGood luck,fellow techies

I bought 2 of these, one for myself, one for my husband. I received them in August or so, and now I am buying new phones already because these 2 are dead.It started off well, they look great, good reception, worked well on the T mobile network in the US. We were not looking for iphone equivalent, so we were happy. But within 2 weeks of receiving my phone, I started having connectivity issues. No matter what I did or where I went, the phone would say "no network connection". At first, this problem fixed itself if I left the battery out overnight. After a month, it would take longer for it to fix itself. After several months, it would fix itself for maybe a day and then go back to being disconnected for a week. Frustrating as heck.My husband's phone only sometimes had this error, and it never escalated like with my phone. However, one of the leads to connect the charger to peeled off, making it impossible to use his phone for charging. We were using my useless phone for charging the battery. Also frustrating.There are some other cons besides it breaking:1. Maybe it's convenient for some people, but the fact that pressing one button turns on the mp3 player is very... embarrassing. Without headphones in, the music will blast out. And this is with the phone on vibrate.2. For some reason our phones did not update their time with the network. So, because we kept having to take the battery out, or the battery kept dying, we'd have to reset the time. Just this morning my husband's phone alarm did not go off because of this.3. The alarm. There are no "silent, just vibrate" options for it. Everything has a strange sound. I got around it by recording silence, saving it as a song, and putting it on the phone as a "ringtone" lol. But it's annoying, that's for sure.4. The headphone jack is not normal. :\ You can only use their weird headphones.I can't think of the other cons right now, but I'm sure you get the picture.

The phone runs on symbian os, k. There's a putty(remote ssh, encrypted chatting to as many people as you want, via irc) ported to symbian, k. That basically means that you can use a remote irc bouncer(like irssi, through putty which you can find at sourceforge, it's opensource.), to get on irc, over this phone. The web browser may be able to skirt sms charges by using a java-based interface like aim express(havent tried it yet). Other then that I think it's missing bluetooth? Could be wrong, because if it's not then you could add an external gps reciever/software combo to it, and it would take the place of pretty much every "gadget" you need. And it does it in a relatively small form factor, as well.

The phone has come with the old battery. It was holding only 25% of charge and died after 2 charges. The seller didn't respond to my message. So after waiting for a while I have to buy a replacement OEM battery. The other consideration - the phone is actually a Cingular cell phone and it comes with a lot of software linked to Cingular network. The software can't be uninstalled or removed by firmware reflash. The seller should mention that fact in unit's description! After all the phone is just fine. The battery, seller and firmware are real disappointments.

I bought this cellphone but it was incomplete, had no the memory stick duo. And of course is impossible to get it

Overall a great phone. The phone has a good reception and the camera takes good pictures, not really a high quality ones. The Walkman capabilities of the phone are ok, not really happy with the earphones because you have to really stick them into your ears for them to work properly and get the most out of them.I didn't give the five stars because I don't really like the speaker on the phone. I think the sound quality of the speaker is poor and it does not have as much volume as you expect from this kind of phone.

I was pleased with the the product I purchased and the professional service I received when I needed to exchange a prior purchase for this different model.

Recently got rid of my smart phone after realizing I really didn't need it and picked up this Ericsson. Haven't had any issues with it, and gets the job of simply being a phone done fairly well.

My T616 brought me to Sony Ericsson; my S710a almost drove me away. I decided to give Sony Ericsson (SE) another chance with the W810.Should be an awesome phone, right? Good-looking and well-built. Quad-band and EDGE. Walkman player and 2 MP auto-focus camera. That great SE interface, made even better and now lacking the infamous sluggishness of past phones. And as always, one of the best Bluetooth implementations available.And yet... My first phone died within 12 hours of using it; first power-cycle resulted in a flashing white screen. The replacement phone from SE's service center was shipped in a partially disassembled state. The replacement for *that* phone was fine for two months, but now has a FastPort that's going bad (wired stereo headsets - and I've tried a few - don't work properly any more). This phone will be going back as well, but what am I going to get in exchange now?I give the phone itself 4 stars, (my increasing concerns over its) build quality 3 stars, and SE's lousy service and support 2 stars. That averages out to the 3-star rating I've given above.

I purchased the phone in white and flashed using davinciteam to Hong Kong versionthe screen is pretty bright, but it has a major problem: you can't view it without backlight, that you can't see the clock when the phone is idle (like old T610/T616. the standby gif has pretty fast motion, most of the themes for 176x220 SE models will work, except some themes for Z710i, shows file corrupt errorreception is good, it's like Z710isome complains about the earpiece volume problem, but I don't have such, loud enough even on the 7 bars, speakerphone is louder than Z710ithe keypad is TOO SMALL, it's small like SDA/SP5m, it may bring hard time for big thumb, and it's easy to press Return and Clear buttons by accidentthe audio player is easy and clear to control, though it don't support ogg vorbis, you can encode mp3 in VBR mode to get enhanced audio qualitythe fonts is kinda small, unlike Z710i, which has updated OS, the clock font size cannot be changedbt support is regular SE style (with a lot of profiles), but Z710i also has wireless headphones and bt network serverthe cam is good for 2mpx, it has auto-focus and macro mode, that I can take pic in near distance, but the pic has some noticeable color pixels on white background, it has LED light, which also can be used as flashlight, that is handy in the darkinternet is fine, tethering through either bt or USB works well with pda and laptop, the browser is good toothough it doesn't support bt wireless headphones, the included headset has 3.5mm jack on the mic unit, that you can use your favorite headphones/earphones with the phonebattery time is good for regular use, if you leave the phone idle all the time, the battery can last at least 3 days, or continuous 3.5 hours modem usepros:good audio player, supports PSP cardFM radio has good reception, and supports RDSgood phone receptionfull functional btgood cam with auto-focuslong battery timecons:LCD is dark when idle, unable to show clocksmall keypads, that brings problem with big thumbcam does not have protective cover, like W800 and K790no dedicated T-Zones (internet) button, and unable to assign one (you can assign web button, that opens SonyEricsson offline home page, not online portal)streaming audio is limited to 3gp, no local ogg vorbis supportconclusion: 91/100, if you can live with small buttons, you should be fine

When i bought this cellphone, i knew i wouldn't regret my deal. there is more than just a phone and 2 mega pixel camera. The profile themes are customizable to what you would really like your phone to be.there is just a lot in the phone that you don't get to see in the users manual...its really worth it...And i almost forgot, it is a Walkman too, what more can a geek ask for...

For years I had nokia, and I didn't wanted to change to another cell brand but since last year that I bought the sony ericsson w600, the first one, I was impressed on how much I like their tecnology cause there r 2 brands: sony experts en in music and video and ericsson experts on cell phones.I'm so happy with my w810, I just missed some graphics that the w600 had.

The only complaint I have is that this phone is not A2DP compliant as of now. So my wireless stereo bluetooth headphones can't be used to listen to the walkman feature of this phone, only can be used as a headset for voice calls. Other than that this is a great phone.

I've had a lot of mobile phones. Dropped in pond, dropped off motorcycle (while moving), and often forget to insure. Many times just get bored. I have probably had all the brands, though not all models of course. And I'm hard on my phones. The best previous all around phone was Treo, and I still like the OS platform. But in terms of entertainment this phone is the best. The MP3 is easy to use and software is intuitive. Though still not sure if it accepts songs from iTunes. I've only loaded on my own CDs. FM reception very good, and I live in a poor reception area. The headphones are great, but I've always used Sony earbuds. Have not tried it for gaming yet, but will explore that. The camera is easy to use, good quality pictures, and screen can be seen in bright sunlight.And...oh yeah....it is a very good phone. This was my first experience with an unlocked phone but after installing the SIM from my prior drowned MDA it worked without a glitch. Blue tooth and hands free work well. I can even take calls while on motorcycle. Earbuds fit inside helmet and automatically cuts out MP3/radio.I would recommend this phoneI like the way it looks and has been sturdy so far. Also SonyEricsson website very well organized and helpful.I would highly recommend this phone if you are looking for a fun phone. I still carry my Treo 650 for work.

I love this phone, it is everything as advertised and more, at a fair price.  Great picture and music abilities, only 2.0 megapixels but I still use it as a replacement for my digital camera AND ipod nano!

It is a good telephopne, but the price it's a little high, good performace, the accesories incluided are good.

I was quite thrilled when I got this unlocked walkman phone. Its' voice call quality is great,music is simply awesome with the stereo headsets that come with the phone, and the phone's battery life is phenomenal. However, the phone drops way too many calls when I am in my apartment. I am with T-mobile and admiteddly, T-mobile coverage here isn't as great as those of other service providers. Nonetheless, my previous phones with T-mobile didn't drop calls whatsoever. But with this phone, I can barely be on a call for 5 minutes.T-Mobile doesn't officially carry this phone, and so help from that quarter wasn't forthcoming. Sony Ericcson webpage doesn't seem to have any software upgrades.Overall , it's an amazing phone,but with such high percentage of dropped calls, I would not recommend this productRam

The Sony Ericsson W810 is an amazing phone. It has a little bit of everything in it. It's not just a phone, it's also a digital camera, e-mail client, web browser and personal organizer. Featuring USB 2.0 and Bluetooth 2.0 connectivity, the W810 can sync with your PC and synchronize with Microsoft Outlook to keep your calender and address book updated. Of course, the selling point of the phone is the Walkman branding. This phone is a full-featured MP3 player, limited in storage only by the size of the Memory Stick Pro Duo you use. Like the iPod, you can create playlists on the Walkman, have songs shuffled around, rate songs and organize your music by artist, album or song title.Seeing as this phone is becoming cheaper and cheaper as newer models come out, I would highly recommend buying this phone. It's one the few Sony Ericsson phones that is quad-band and supports the EDGE network, meaning this phone will work all over the world, but especially well in North America.

Had the phone for about a month now and I love it, especially the Walkman. So since most of the reviews will tell you how awesome the phone is let me tell you some of the bad things.1) The buttons are to small, especially since I have big fingers.2) The connector that connects the phone to the headphones is awful. The gold contacts need to be cleaned daily or it will result in a loss of volume and sound quality, not to mention that sometimes the phone wont even know the headset is plugged in.3) I regret paying $350 for the phone b/c now I have seen that you can sign up for a two year plan and get it for free. This wasn't available when I got mine.Although I have stated only bad things don't get me wrong, this phone is awesome and one of the best out there.

This is one amazing phone. I've had it for close to 3 years now and I'm very happy with it's durability and the features. I use every feature on this phone and it's amazing how versatile it is. Since it's an unlocked phone, if you get the cheap internet with your phone service provider, you can do even more. I pay $4.99 a month for internet from T-Mobile. With that, you can do push email, instant messanging (using the web, so it does not count as text messages), browse the web using the downloadable Opera Mini Browser (it's free to download). You can download programs for free from the Sony Website such as Google Maps. I've used this many times to get directions to places. It has a fm radio (downside is you have to attach an antenna to hear it, which is annoying), great as an mp3 player (once you add a memory stick to it, I added an 8GB one, which you can store thousands of songs on it),  It has a flashlight, which I find very handy at times.The way the menu's and the settings are organized on the phone it's very easy to get used to. Before having a Sony Ericsson phone, I've had 6 phones from different manufacturers and I find the Sony to be so easy to figure out.I also have dropped this phone over 50 times easily on many various surfaces and heights. With the exception to the scratches, it still works great.The BAD side of this phone..the size of the screen is too small to browse the web comfortably, if you want fast internet you will not get it with this, cannot stream video from the web, the camera is not good in low lighting because the flash is weak. The operating system of the phone seems to lag at times.For the price of this phone now, around $200 (if you check on ebay), it's very well worth it. I paid a lot more for it at the time it came out, but no regrets.

Love the phone. Had to go back to Cingular to get them to reconfigure so I could recieve and send pics. Other than that great!

I got this phone 2 yrs ago becase of the MP3 and radio.(You'll need to purchase more memory.) I love, love, love it. I plug it in to my car stereo every day, the sound quality is awesome and the radio is also nice. The picture quality from the camera is excellent. Call quality is excellent; although, I wish the speaker was a bit louder. Besides that, I haven't had a problem in 2 years. Normally, I'm an electronics junkie, and can't wait to get a new phone after my contract has expired, but I'm going to keep this one until it's on it's last legs.

...and it should be for this price.This is my first review; I just had to add my two cents after reading the previous review.I have used my phone with Cingular all over NYC, Long Island and Colorado.  All I can say is that the reception is better than it was for my two previous phones, a Nextel Blackberry 7510 and most recently, a Verizon Blackberry 7130e.I bought this phone after using a friend's cheapo pay-as-you-go Sony phone. I am a harsh critic of poorly implemented technology, but very quickly recognized that Sony Ericsson makes great phones with lots of very thoughtful features and, most importantly, pairs those features with the most intuitive user interface I have ever seen.I am an early adopter of new technologies going back to the very first CD players, the Apple Newton and First Generation 5gig Ipod.  Believe me, Sony has a real winner here with the Walkman cell phone line.  It sounds great (as good as your source material) and the software for loading songs  was refreshingly simple to install and use.And, oh, the camera is pretty good.  If you are going to an important event, it is no replacement for a dedicated digital camera with a full fledged flash.  But for impromptu moments, it takes very good pictures in daylight.Love the phone, would recommend without hesitation.

Sony Ericsson W810 has everythin. 850/900/1800/1900 GMS, bluetooth, IR, 2Mpix camera, autofocus, flash, mp3 (512 MB included) and so on. This baby is loaded.

I started with an LG VX5200 from Verizon Wireless when I had my first cell phone. After two years of using an LG cell phone, I switched to using a Sony Ericsson W810i and this is definitely the best cell phone in the electronics market. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend. This phone has an MP3 player which you can record music and listen to it through the portable earphones and the alarm clock function is awesome! It has a camera, sound and video recording function built in. If I were to buy myself a new phone, I'd definitely buy this brand again!

This has GOT to be the best phone ever made! If you can get cheap, DO BUY! It has everything! Music, photos, and even does video! Others don't come close; the camera alone is 2 megapixels! Get it!!!!!

I agree with almost all previous positive comments, so there's no reason to rewrite those.  There is a tiny drawback that a potential buyer should be aware of: The data transfer is at USB1 speed and thus too slow. Since you are unlikely to use this phone for any heavy-duty data transfer it is ignorable. Besides, you could copy your data directly from your MS card it could be avoided. However, this may become a problem if you want to upload music directly, and not by the SE-provided software. Then, unless you encoded your MP3 files with a compatible encoder and at a 192 or less bitrate, the phone is unable to play continuously. So, in effect, you'll have to use the SE-provided software. Still, this does not take away from other nice features of the phone.

I haven't used an SE phone since Ericsson's T28 maybe 6 years ago. Motorola's asthetical appeal and occasionally superior features always dominated my phone purchases, moving from the v60 to v878 to a668 to v3 the last 4 or 5 years. Most recently, I became fed up with my v3's lack of capabilities.I changed to this SE W810 and I am thrilled to own it. First off, the 2MP camera blows away the old razr v3 vga cam.  Plus it is very intuitive to use since you hold the phone a way you would hold one of those disposable cameras.  The memory stick allows me to store as many pictures (and music) as I need. It plays music flawlessly, arguably better than my iRiver stand alone music player. The phone features everything and every convenience you might need.MOST IMPORTANTLY, I love this phone because of the detail in the design of the operating system. Hats off to Sony, seriously. It is incredibly easy to use. Understanding the functionality of the menus is so intuitive you can pick one up having never used an SE phone and have no problems doing what you want the very first time around despite needing to use the phone's long list of capabilities. Whenever an advanced function is needed, it is explained by a short succinct popup info message.The integration of the walkman features and the phone feature is amazing. The headset is one to be admired, serving as a radio antenna, microphone for handsfree use, and stereo sound for the walkman. While playing the walkman, you can receive calls by pushing a button on the headset, the phone knows to stop the music and take the call. Microphone has absolutely no distortion. You can also keep the music on while using the phone's functions like the calendar and the phone book. It will display the song in one line that appears on the top. Just incredible. The walkman allows you to build playlists using the phone. The easy access walkman buttons work flawlessly in line with phone functions, the play/pause button and the orange walkman button.This thing is just incredible, now I'm just worried about destroying the headset and scratching the camera when I bring it around, but that really shouldn't be SE's concern, it is really mine.Buy this, 10 out of 10 any day of the week. Don't be afraid of it's inferior exterior looks to phones like the SLVR L7 or SE K800 or Samsung D800's.  What's programmed inside makes up for it  10 or 20 fold.

I own an iPhone 4 like the title suggest. The reason I bought this phone was because I travel a lot and I don't want to run the risk off breaking or loosing my iPhone. First off it is from a time when people wanted to make really really small phones. It was really unexpected but it's easy to get used to and happens to be very convenient because it can actually fit in your pocket. But now on to the reviewCall Quality: This is great phone for calling. I made an iPhone 4 sim card adapter out of an old credit card and some duct tape to test it out and at my computer desk where my iPhone gets around 2-3 bars this phone was full bars. I have called people with this W810i in places my iphone would never even dream of having bars. As far as phone quality the sony ericsson w810i is the winner. Which is good because when I'm traveling that's all I need. A phone that works as a phone. 5/5Text and messaging:Obviously not much can beat a qwerty keyboard. But at least the buttons on the w810i are comfortable and responsive. However I have noticed that sending picture messages is a hassle. 4/5MP3 player: This phones mp3 player is great. From the speaker it matches the iphones quality and you can connect any headphone set into the phones adapter. The earbuds that came with the device sucked though. They were cheap and broke almost immediately. Also I wish you didn't need an adapter to use headphones. For a "walkman" phone it seemed kinda silly. 4/5Camera: Decent camera. It obviously stands nowhere near the iphones but still for what the phone is its nice. It is has an autofocus lens and a lot of cute options like white balance meter and night mode. This is fine for me because I usually even with my iphone at hand, take pictures with my DSLR. So I rarely use the camera on phones. 3/5Overall I really like the phone and It is in some ways better than even an iPhone 4. It is a great device to get if you travel a lot and dont want to loose or break your more expensive smart phone. The only downside is the internet browser which cannot compare to the ones you can find in todays modern phones and the price. Amazon sells it for more than it's worth. 60 dollars is a much better price.

I should say that i loved the Nokia brand. But this phone is awesome. The software is nice, a lot of functions, the web site of sony is the best place to found everything you need to take the best performance of the phone. I dont have any disappointments about this product. The Sony W810i is my favorite cell phone is my entertainment center.

EXCELENTE. ME LLEGO APENAS AYER, PERO FUE POR RESPONSABILIDAD DE MI COURRIER QUE ES PESIMO Y LA LENTITUD DE LA ADUANA. ME OBSEQUIARON UN ESTUCHE Y UN CARGADOR PARA VEHICULO. GRACIAS DESDE VENEZUELA....EXCELLENT. I ARRIVE MYSELF JUST YESTERDAY, BUT IT WAS BY RESPONSIBILITY OF MY COURRIER THAT IS TERRIBLE AND THE SLOWNESS OF THE CUSTOMS. THEY FLATTERED A CASE AND A SHIPPER TO ME FOR VEHICLE. THANKS FROM VENEZUELA

Got the phone 4 months ago. I love it, but wanted more memory for music - so I bought a 2 GB Sony High Speed Memory Stick Pro Duo. After loading music on it the phone would play the music for about 2-3 minutes and then it would give me a "Playback Failed" error message. I tried everything (reformat memory, reformat phone, using the MP3 software, NOT using the MP3 software, etc.) yet nothing would work. I did find a similar case online where the user then bought a SanDisk Pro Duo memory stick which then worked for him. Sure enough, I ordered a 4 GB SanDisk Pro Duo card and the phone works great. Just a heads up to everyone looking to upgrade their memory.

I've always been a loyal Motorola user when it comes to cell phones, my latest was the black razor V3.All the previous models from Sony Ericsson seemed to me to a little to delicate, and frankly under par, I decided to give a Sony Ericsson a shot, because of all the features that the W810i offers..... Let me tell you, it was an EXCELLENT decision.I couldn't be happier with this phone, if you get a 4GB card it becomes like an iPod Nano, only better and more complete. Imagine having a cell phone and a digital camera in your iPod.Get it with confidence, it's unlikely you'll be disappointed.

Buyer Beware : This phone is set up for overseas &#34;London, England&#34; or British numbers, prompts and displays. I use ATT wireless and it works fine. There is a setting buried deep in the settings prompt to change some of your display, language preferences to &#34;English&#34; but it seems it must be done for every feature instead of converting all features to &#34;English&#34; It's weird, but not impossible to navigate this phone... just REALLY annoying since the company clearly knew this item was being shipped to a  U.S.A. address... The conversion should have been done at the factory.. dont make your customers go thru the hassle!

I've always been a big fan of SonyEricsson phones. This one is a little great phone, many features on a small package.

I really like everthing about this phone. My previous phone was a Sony z520 so I was already used to their menu system, but it doesn't get much easier to navigate. The MP3 and radio functions are very easy to use and so are the rest of the goodies this phone is loaded with. For a phone, it also has a good quality camera. I only have two complaints about this phone. One is that since my service provider doesn't sell this phone, I can't get internet settings sent to it. Obviously not the manufacturer's faunt but you may want to research that before ordering a high-end phone if the internet is important to you. My other issue is how small the keypad is. I am a texting machine and the small buttons make this difficult although I have gotten used to it. Once again not much the manufacturer can do when trying to make the phone as small as it is which is why I still gave the product 5 stars. If you want a good quality phone that's easy to use and is loaded with extras, BUY IT!

The sony ericsson w810i  phone that was advertised says it's new, but the phone I recieved via mail was used also there was some picture in the memory card of the phone. It was used and it was in an old box. I was so disappointed.The Vibecellular is good in delivery time not in the product quality. I advice you all not to buy produect from this vendor.[...]

I was looking to consolidate my old mobile phone and an mp3 player into one gadget and this phone does it perfectly.. Not only is it a phone and a great mp3 player but it's also quite a good 2 megabit camera + video + radio + flashlight + internet access. All in all, a great gadget!

Pros:  Excellent sound and environment noise isolation ( far better than Ipod ), easy and fast switch between walkman / phone / radio  mode, good screen can be used outdoor with no problem, easy bluetooth configuration, insuperable easy to use PC-Like menus uses tabs for item organization ( calls, contacts, options and so on ) good camera / accesory light, good photo camera quality, acceptable video capture ( yet can't replace any digital camera ) easy in-out Memory Stick dos not need to turn off phone, comes with usb pc cable and 512MB. Supports MP4, 3gp video. Good voice recognition.Cons: keypad must be improved. hard keys, hard joystick ( i have one k300 and a t610  and both have better handling ) , a little confusing camera menu, Poor web browser ( Solved installing opera mini ).Reccomended: Yes. It has all the goodies of the Sony phones, plus walkman with  Amazing sound!!

I had this phone right before I had an iphone and probably ended up enjoying it more. It's camera was great, and so was the look. I really liked the screen, and the battery life was excellent. I was the 3rd person to own the sony ericsson I had, and it had definitely held up after all of the abuse. Great product.

i gotta say, i love this phone. i think it's trully amazing.when i first got it i thought it looked awesome and was smaller than expected.  you can get a 2g mem card for it and that is also amazing.  were talkin fully loaded, the alarm even has a snooze that you dont even have to turn on. metronome and list of guitar chords that you can hear on music mate. the camera and video feature set is great with cool effects and options.i call it my super phone and love to show it off. it also will tell you name of song and artist if station has it logged in.cons are few, but i'll name what i've figured so far. 1 radio has to have long wire antennae plugged in to play.  2 i would've liked the video camera to be a lil better at night, but hey it's a phone ;]  3 a flash would've been nice instead of having to keep the light on because it's blinding to look at. [ oh yah, it has a verry bright light that can be turned on or off that can also be selected to flash s.o.s.] 3 screen gets smudged real easy, but i don't know if theres much that could be done about that.  let's see, hmmm. i think that's it.  buy it and enjoy your new camera,video,radio,mp3 player,organizer, internet with java,and game player.  if something happens to this one i will be replacing it soon as possible w/ the same one.

Every time I buy a new phone I try to find one that tops my old phone in every way. I've had this phone for over 2 years now. Has always worked reliably with good reception. The only thing that prevents it from being perfect is that it's now out of date, the flash is a constant on LED that's blindingly bright in a dark place, and there is no 3.5 headphone jack. I'm looking at getting the HTC Fuze now.. Heard it's better if you're a geek like me who wants something to play with, but will miss the easy functionality and compact form of my trusty w810.

I won't lie, I'm a Sony fan. Have been for years. When I was at school, I would take the Sony catalogue with me and look at each of the hundreds of products and admire the constantly evolving designs and technologies this company offers. Sad, I know.There are two things that made Sony what it is today; televisions and Walkmans. Their TVs were and still are today the standard by which all TVs are measured by. And Walkmans, well, they revolutionised the way people listened to music. And of course they are now good, if not the best, at many other things, from video gaming to professional video cameras used by James Cameron and Michael Mann!The company however has always annoyed a number of people by unnecessarily introducing proprietary formats. Some good, some bad, but ONE company alone will always find it hard to win public support with a format if it is not supported by other manufacturers. This was highlighted by the company's biggest EVER mistake, encapsulated in one word: ATRAC.Sony were slow to the MP3 market. In the beginning they shunned it, developing the MD and Discman lines whilst Napster was taking on the world. It took computer companies like Creative and Apple to introduce MP3 players whilst the likes of Panasonic, Sony and Philips failed to embrace such a simple concept. Sony were so complacent that they built their own audio compression format, ATRAC, which could only be made by Sony's own Sonic Stage software, and played by Sony's hardware. The software was absolutely appalling, and did not really improve on MP3's already strong compression rate. It was cumbersome to use, and next to the hip image of an emerging iTunes, and the ever improving iPod, Apple  did not just overtake Sony, they pretty much obliterated them out of a market they dominated. Heck, they invented the portable audio market.Come 2005 and Sony execs are looking at themselves wondering what happened to their once-guranteed hundreds of millions a year. They quietly admitted to themselves that they blew it. But their other markets were thriving. Look at the PSPs, the PS2 and upcoming PS3. Look at their Bravia HD displays. Look at their groundbreaking HDV cameras. Sony are kicking butt, but Discmans and MD players are no longer a top 5 option for ANYONE. It is either an iPod video, an iPod shuffle, an iPod nano (get my point) or maybe, for those somewhat bored, a Creative whatchamacallit!But they have found a way to use the Walkman brand, by using cutting edge technology and simple, ingenious design, and incorporating a music player in their line of phones.The W810i is one of the more recent additions to an ever-expanding line of sublime phones and I've got to say "it is amazing!"This phone, unusually so from Sony, allows a great deal of flexbility in terms of how the user can import and export data. The phone boasts a memory stick port, which is such a massive feature, because this means you can replace the standard 512MB stick with a 2GB stick (4GB is now available, but let prices fall before you buy one). 2GB!!! We may no longer be impressed by such a figure, but may I remind you that with an average 4 minute, 4 MB MP3 we are talking a ridiculous 500 song/45 albums capacity. That's an iPod nano my friend! Hook up your phone via USB and two drives pop up on your computer, the memory stick and the phone's internal drive, and just like your own HDs, you simply drag and drop data from folder to folder. It's brilliant, and obviously lends itself well as a USB stick for students. This means you can use it with PC and Macs, unlike an iPod, and it is not restricted to working with ONE program, unlike an iPod, although iTunes does rock!So just how good is the Walkman feature? Well, it is very similar to the iPod interface, and whilst it may not boast the brilliant iPod navigation wheel it still has some effectively positioned buttons that allow volume change, starting and pausing music and skipping back and forth tracks. They are in the perfect place, and I commend the designers, because this is where the phone truly excels; ergonimics. With such a vast array of features, it must take a pretty smart bunch of people to make it anything but a hassle to use. The devoted Walkman button transports you to Artists/Albums/Playlists etc etc. You can change the equalizer, you can send your tracks via Bluetooth/Infrared to other people, you can basically have fun.Sound wise? It sounds damn good. Is it hi-fidelity? No, not by a long shot (but then, neither are iPods!). It comes with good earphones, but I like good sound, so will use my best phones, and encode at a slightly lower compression to cull the best performance from this hardware. It does not sound as good as an iPod, but this is a very personal opinion. The differences are marginal, but this, unlike an iPod, does so much MORE!A test of whether this is a direct competitor with an iPod is whether, if you took away all the other features and were left with just the Walkman feature, would it be good enough, and the answer is yes. It can improve. It would be great if Apple would allow iTunes to work with other players, because integrating the W810i with iTunes would be phenomenal. The W810i could improve by showing the music artwork, having MORE control over how your music is played, and I would argue to somehow make the menu less cluttered, although it is already well designed. The small details Apple lend their products are great, so if Sony could change the font or anything, to make it a LITTLE bit more streamlined I think it would be more or less perfect!. A great extension to this would be allowing Walkman phones to be dockable in cars like the iPod is, so drivers can control the songs through their stereo. Basically it is a great product, and Sony needs to think big like Apple so it can really stop people buying iPods! They have the quality, but they now need to work hard with PR and accessories to convince people who are set on buying an iPod to reconsider.Next up is the 2 MP phone, which, for a phone, is remarkable (and is now no longer the biggest, with Nokia's N80 offering 3MP). Compared to the first batch of dedicated 2 MP cameras, this wipes the floor with most of 'em. It does not come close to any dedicated digi cameras on the market today, but I took some pictures this past weekend that were full of colour and detail. It is impressive stuff, and serves perfectly well for a number of applications. Yes it is grainy, no there is no optical zoom, but it has a macro feature, which is amazing. Noise is naturally evident, and I won't be taking my holiday photos with it, but considering where we were two years ago with camera phones it has to be said it no longer is a gimmick. In a year or two cameras on phones will be able to take pictures comparable to point and shoot digicams, and that my friends is a fact. Please look here at a picture I took with the w810i! ([...] Looks good, doesn't it! The phone comes with flash, white balance, macro, panorama, nightshot, and a number of other features. The video camera is subpar, so I guess another year or two will mean DV quality cell phones coming our way (maybe not, lets not get excited!).Another massive plus is the RDS radio. Reception seems to vary, but once it hooks onto a strong signal it sounds very good, and if you have RDS services it will show you the name of the station. That's another one over the iPod!As for the phone. Well you got simple navigation towards your address book. Text messaging and calling is straightforward. The person on the other end of the line sounds good. You have a lot of detail on your Call History. It is so easy to make calling on mobile phones to be frustrating, much like Sony's earlier phones. Thankfully they have not taken anything for granted and made this an effortless task for users.Sony's unsurpassed battery life lasts for hours upon hours. How they do it I will never know!The screen is bright, and the phone saves battery power by reducing the strength of the LCD light based on the ambient light.The phone is very modern, has a good weight, and unlike the Motorola RAZR, is not uncomfortable to hold in you hand (sure, it looks good, but I do want to HOLD a phone sometimes!). The phone numbers are small, but I really cannot expect anything different when you consider just what these designers are having to pull off.I wish I could comment on the internet capabilities of this camera but my service provider still charges too much for surfing the web via my phone, and I find the whole experience a bit boring and slow. Mobile internet still has some way to go before it can really be an attractive proposition for me HOWEVER, the RSS reader function will certainly serve me well if I want a quick headline from the BBC website.You see, when you have a camera, a phone, a Walkman, internet, text messaging, radio, games etc all in one package, that because of consumer demand needs to be small, be light, pack in a colour screen, long lasting battery and removable media, then you have to wonder how it will all work together. Sony have done brilliantly here, and as technology becomes more and more advanced (smaller, lighter, quicker, brighter etc) phones will continue to evolve. They are clearly the best place to find the latest technology, and the W810i may not be the absolute cutting edge, but it is certainly the king for the moment. Apple better watch out. Sony want their crown back. Thankfully there will be only one true winner, and that's us, the consumers!

I think that you have one of the most efficient delivery process in the world, but this could be better. My point of view , is that this delivery process can be better if the customer can indicated "the range hours approximately" in that the shipment can be attended.Thanks so much.Enzo Camargo F.B.

I upgraded from the Razor to the W810- what a difference.  Every function on this phone is of high quality.  My favorite is the very fast download speeds from the internet, the 2.0 pixel camera and the mp3 player.  I use this with T-mobile service which is fine, but Tmobile does not support this phone with T-zones...which is fine with me- but may be a bummer for someone else.

Where to begin??Well, I ran out and bought a 4GB MS Pro Duo the first day I got it (1 week ago). Now I have: 200+ songs with very nice audio (even the speakerphone), good quality snapshot pics (daytime), Full web browser (Opera Mini), RSS Reader, eMSN Messenger, email, 40+ games, Google maps (for directions), currency converter, all the stuff that the phone came with originally and I still have a little less than 3 GB left (videos coming soon).  Oh, and it's a phone too.  A very good one at that.  No dropped calls so far (005 update with Cingular service- Miami) and good battery life, especially when you consider that I have been using it quite heavily for the past week.  Feels solid too. Everything else has already been said.Gripes- The volume in the earpiece is a tad low (but much better than my old Moto V551), and I haven't figured out how to hear my ringtone while I have the earbuds on (while I listen to music, the music simply stops when I get a call). And about the earbuds- I like them a lot. Yes, it does kind of suck that you have to use the adapter (especially when you want to charge at the same time), but I don't see why they would not be portable since the buds and adapter are about the same length and size as a normal pair of earbuds.Overall, best phone I have ever owned.

...and I just don't give it a 10 because it's not possible!Name what you want or need in a cell phone, and ta-da! - this phone has it...Almost can't believe its priced so fairly (bought mine unblocked).Really, folks, check out its complete features and specs at Sony's site before buying virtually anything else!Say goodbye to Nokia and Motorola now:You won't regret.

Hey, wow! that is the most important thing about this phone.  WOW.  one negative is the battery cover.  difficult to get off.  However, I am so pleased with this product.  Music, themes and games are so simple and fun to download to the phone and the sony ericsson web site is great in walking you through all you need to know about the phone.  whoohoo.

Got the phone 2 days ago. Love the function, look and everything. But the phone freeze during call today and it won't buzz, I can't even shut it off. Try to remove the battery from the phone to restart, but the cover would NOT COME OFF!!!! I try all day till my finger bruise up and still no buzz. Try customer service and were tell "not recommended to force open the cover" because it's not cover under the warranty (But can't shut off the phone!!) Bough to local phone repair center and were told they were having the same problem with this phone with many customer. They explain sometime they have to "smash the phone on the floor" to break it open. Am I the only person experiencing this problem??

These people need to state upfront, the fact that this phone has no US charger, no instructions in English, is based on the Orange network in Europe, so the additional extensive functions will only work for Orange users. These people are based in NYC, and I'm in California, so there's obviously an integrity issue here. I've seen other Americans say the same thing about other unlocked GSM world phones purchased from this company. I'm sure it's a great phone, but if I can't even charge it/comprehend the instructions if I could/ or use any of the additional dowload/update functions, what good is it?

Im so happy with this Cellphone. Im from Colombia and when i inserted the simcard this cell started to function in Spanish and work really good. The only thing i am worry its about it doesnt have memory stick duo adapter because i have a micro memory stick from other Sony Ericsson. I really like it small, with many functions (all to learn).

i love this thing you can change all the setings like themes wallpapers games everything!!! If you want a Beautiful cellphone with a fantatsic software PLease BUY IT!

As an already dedicated Walkman phone user(w600i)and converted SE afficianado, the w810i was an easy choice for me when facing the dilemna of having to find a worthy replacement for my beloved w600i(Which is no longer being produced.)Walkman phones are not only chocked full of quality features, well made, loaded with the extremely quick and user friendly SE interface, but also extremely easy on the eyes. And besides, it's a WALKMAN phone, complete with Sony's own Mega Bass trademark. It simply doesn't get any cooler than this.Rumour has it that Cingular will be releasing this phone sometime soon, but I found myself too impatient to wait and went along and got the unlocked version to use on my Cingular service. For anyone who has considered buying an unlocked phone but is nervous(I was,) I can most honestly tell you that SE makes it painless to set your phone on your network. You simply go to the SE website and answer a few questions about the phone, and they send you everything you need in a text message which contains special software for your carrier which installs itself. It is also beneficial to buy unlocked phones because sometimes service providers cripple some of the features and capabilities when 'branding' the phones to them and adding their own software. Also, sometimes the carrier's software can cause problems with the phone, which was rumoured to be the case with the w600i, which would often crash unexpectedly.Onto the phone. I was astonished when I saw just how small and cute the w810 is. It's size and width is about comparable to an ipod mini, and certainly lives up to it's "ipod killer" nickname since it has dedicated music buttons and can store up to 2gb(4gb in the future) of music(the w810i comes with a 512mb memory stick pro duo, NOT micro, which is what a lot of other mp3 phones have.)The camera is absolutely pristine at 2mp's and has a lot of cool effects. The radio is also extremely well done and lets you select preset stations and has RDS, which not only displays the station's name, but also the artist information and tracklisting for the current song(when available, as it's up to the station to provide that info.)You can use mp3's as ringtones, message alerts, and even as your alarm clock sound. Another neat little feature is that the keypad has a light sensor that automaticly brightens or dims it's light, depending on the amount of light in the room. As expected, the internet connection is flawless and lightning quick, and the bluetooth capabilities are all present and work beautifully. Plus, when you connect the phone to your PC, the phone and memory card are recognized as mass storage drives that are listed as "Phone" and "Memory Card," so you don't have to go out of your way to try to locate the devices on your PC. Special software is included but you don't even really need it, as I simply drag the files and drop them into the appropriate spot and it copies itself automaticly. I have no problems with midi, wav, or windows media files being put onto the phone, and as for itunes, you can also drag and drop them too, but I've noticed that some of the files are recognized and playable on the phone, and some are not; it's somewhat spotty with files in that format, but afterall, this isn't an itunes phone and what doesn't work in itunes format, I'll simply convert back to wma. Obviously, the 20mb of storage on the phone is mainly for use when adding themes, images or games, while larger files can be stored on the memory card. Of course, there are so many other little tricks and features that I haven't even discovered yet.Gripes? Not many! Afterall, this is a Sony Ericsson phone, which has every feature imaginable and cutting edge technology. My only disappointment from coming from the w600i is that the phone is a candybar, so it can't make cute little sounds when opened, and it doesn't have three speakers like the w600i(only one speaker,) so there is no stereo widening on this one(although I suspect this was a deliberate move in order to get us to buy the portable mini speakers{MPS-60} separately. Mine are on their way as we speak.) Of course, these are nitpicky little things...So, put down those Razrs and Chocolates and buy yourself a phone that really is a "toy," because you'll be playing with this one endlessly.

This phone has all the cool features - bluetooth, mp3s, etc.  My main requirement for a phone was the ability to set mp3s as ringtones and this phone can do that - but ironically I found the build-your-own-ringtone software on the phone to be a lot more fun than, say, setting your default ring to "Let the Eagle Soar" by John Ashcroft.  Hard to describe this build-your-own ringtone software, but I absolutely loved it.Other pros include the great form factor - very pocket-friendly. I like the speaker mode for mp3s too, turns it into a mini mp3 boombox.But now to the bad parts - first of all, I couldn't hear people when talking to them on this phone.  On the very highest volume level I had to mash the phone against my ear and plug my other ear in order to make out what people were saying.  This is in a quiet room.  (no, I'm not deaf)  Maybe I had a defective phone, but the other things that annoyed me about the phone were sufficient that I didn't care - I just returned it.Those other annoyances - very short battery life, the requirement of an adaptor plug to use headphones with it (meaning I never actually wind up using it as a "walkman" since I never have the adaptor with me), and so-so pictures with the built-in camera.  I know it's just a cell phone camera but part of why I chose this phone is because I thought it had an awesome camera.  It doesn't.These nuissances might be minor to you.  The battery life issue is probably just due to the fact that I don't get a very good signal at work.  But I expect perfection out of a higher-end phone like this.  For me the hunt continues...

I've had this phone for a couple years and overall its a pretty good phone. It feels and looks well constructed, although I do not care much for the few orange color buttons and screen. The screen itself is a decent size and good quality. Sony Ericson phones are typically the best for talk and standby time, and this one is no different, with something like 8-9 hours talk time. I don't use my cell phone that often, and I frequently found that when I did pull out my old nextel phone to use, it was dead. This sony phone typically still has some juice left for me to make my calls.I got this phone for about $150 with a 2 year contract through AT&T.; I got the cheapest rollover minutes plan, which if you are like me, and you don't use your phone alot for calls, you will save up a redicously large amount of minutes, for up to 12 months. (you lose rollover minutes that are beyond 12 months).There were also 3 separate rebates that were supposed to take the phone down to $0, but as I'm sure they expect, it was so difficult, I simply forgot to send them in. You need the bar code on the box for each rebate and purchase receipts, and one had to be sent in within 30 days, and another in the fourth month, and another in the fifth month. Still $150 for this phone when it was new was pretty good, especially considering that it was otherwise selling for $400-500 when it was new.The phone sports a 2mp camera, and an mp3 player, two devices I really wanted in my phone. I bought a GB card for the phone and downloaded all my mp3's to the phone. The software for that comes for the downloading the files, is not very good, but it got the job done. The speaker for this phone for both calls and music is awful, especially considering this is a walkman phone. My 5 year old nextel phone had a far superior speaker. I don't like earbuds, so I didn't really test the ones that came with the phone. However hooked up with a pair of headphones, my mp3's sound pretty good. Strangely, the music volume always seems to return to a default level, and I have to keep raising the volume.The 2mp camera works well, and frankly I cannot tell the difference between pictures taken with it and my supposedly superior 8mp sony camera. Both devices take good pictures. This phone has about a 5 second delay between taking pictures though, which I found to be a bit much. It also takes video. With the 2GB card I purchased, even with all my downloaded music, I still have more then enough room for taking pictures and videos. Without purchasing a memory card though, there is very little internal memory, something like 30mb. You will need a memory card to take full advantage of the this phone's camera and music features.The phone is too small, and only comes about half way down my cheek. I miss my flip phone here, and am considering going back to one. The buttons are also a bit too small, however they are raised, providing good tactile feel.The biggest problem I had, is that in the first year my phone got a blank white screen. I contacted Sony Ericson and they said it was a software glitch. The phone was incapable of downloading the software updates and fixes, so I had to send it in. I got back in a reasonable amount of time, however, it was a refurbished phone, and not the one I sent in. Still, since getting back, the phone has worked fine.

9/19/06 Update. Since my first review, I'm still enjoying this phone and have added some other fun things to do with it. Besides the obvious music and watching video, I hook up this phone to my big stereo's auxilliary RCA inputs via the 35mm earpone cable and voila!, the sound rocks and is very portable especialy at parties. Speaking of parties, I save some encoded karaoke video clips with scrolling song text and minus one music to my phone then plug to the stereo and BAM! instantly I have a portable karaoke machine in my hands. Friends view the song on the phone screen as it plays while they sing. Mic is separate though but boy the fun never stops. Just some ways to improvise to have fun and this phone lets me do that. Try it...I'd been shopping for many months now for a good phone and a portable mp3 player. After careful research among carrier phones, reading tech reviews, and among other brands out there including the ipods, W810i wins highly because I love listening to portable music plus the phone/camera/FM radio/expandable memory integration and yes the unique MegaBass all in one just fits my kind of need. Truly an audiophile's phone. Of course there are many similar capable phones or dedicated units out there but not quite like the W810i. Ipods and RAZR pale in comparison...in my opinion. W810i is just SUPERB. Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW. I have this phone for more than a month now and NOT a drop call occured. I have T-Mobile service with T-Zone for internet access which is fast in my experience since the EDGE GPRS is supported mostly in my area of travel. Downloading files and viewing websites was a fast treat. I enjoy this phone so much that I decided to upgrade the included removable 512mb memory stick duo to a Sandisc 4GB Ultra II Pro Duo just so I can store more than enough of my favorite mp3, video clips, and one full length movie too for my entertainment. Here are my own observations of this phone:PROS:1. Mega Bass. Adds more thunderous punch to the low frequencies of music and boy I love this feature. Tip: invest on a good quality heaphone/earphone for it makes a big difference folks in sound quality preferably those that have bass tube or bass enhancement designs.2. A built in 5 channel Equalizer and other audio settings to suit your music taste.3. A dedicated Walkman button for easy acces to music. Walkman menu and the overall phone menu is very easy to use and navigate around your music and other phone folders.4. 2 Megapixel Camera with autofocus is a big plus compared to none.5. Camera features includes:- selectable white balance- select between video mode(realtime action) and normal camera- self-timer, effects(sepia, b&w;, negative, solarize)- shoot Mode has normal, panorama, frames, macro, nightmode and burst- self-portrait mirror on back6. Easy to use tactile keypad buttons, center navigation D-pad, and has T9 text assist for messaging.7. Speakerphone is loud, Quadband GSM, bluetooth, infrared, FM stereo with channel save presets for your favorite stations.8. Video clips/movies in 3gp/mp4 format can be viewed verticaly or widescreen. Some games can be played also in widescreen.9. A decent LED that acts like a penlight is helpful in finding lost keys in the dark. This light is helpful also to brigthen up your subject at night when taking pictures but it does not seem to function like a flash when you hit the shutter button.10. Phone call quality so far for me is great. Clear crisp  voice exchange reception from the other end with no static noise.11. Battery life overall is very good even in long minutes of music listening and watching a few video clips.12. EDGE GSM gives you fast internet access if supported by your carrier.13. Operating software is fast and makes navigation between menus or retrieving content very responsive.14. Expandable Memory slot. A BIG BIG plus folks especially if you want to add more memory. I have 4GB and it works.15. While playing music, it will stop during an incoming call then resumes once you hang up. Nice feature.16. Has music mode where phone functions are turned off. A plus when traveling in air or inside a hospital.17. Basic amenities like notepad, calculator, calendar, clock, alarm, SMS/MMS, text, email, voicedial, phonebook, contact....and the rest you can read on the specs.18. Some notables:- Video DJ - create video sequences- Melody Composer/Music DJ - create your own ringtones- Has some imbedded games/ringtones/themes already- Disc2phone software included for music transfer from PC- During music transfer or while plugged via the USB cableto the PC, phone is charging.- Downloadable ringtones, games, themes, and wallpaper areavailable from SonyEricsson.com of which some are free.- A dedicated shortcut key directs you to a menu of yourcommonly used features on the phone.- Supports Opera Mini web browser which I think is muchbetter than the default Access NetFront Web Browser.- gives you option where to save files between phone memoryor the memory stick.- phone status setting gives you up front information on theremaining memory capacity, battery life, and profiles.CONS:1. Ear speaker volume may be too low in crowded noisy place.2. Carrier dependent features like downloading ringtones or games may not be supported yet by this phone as expected but there is always a work around if you know how.3. Pixelation is more noticeable on my video clips if I switch to widescreen. Understandably expected but sad nonetheless.4. Automatic standby offscreen is a good feature to conserve power but can be very annoying at times when you're still viewing the screen. I'm still trying to figure out if it can be adjusted at all. Sony are you listening?5. No camera lens cover. No biggie for me since I have a Krusell Leather Case around the phone however its still a minus. I've seen people mod this phone and put a K750 back plate as lens cover.6. No dedicated earphone slot. Must use first the supplied cable adapter to hook up.Overall the phone is great and user friendly. It meets most of my expectations in ease of use, common useful features, and of good quality. Just know that if you are tech savy, you can do many things on this phone that may seem limiting to others on average. You may hear complaints from early users a month or two ago about drop calls but this had been fix already or can be fix by updating the software easily from the manufacturer's website. It is also rumored that Cingular might carry this phone later this year. If I may brag a little, some online reviews give W810i as one of the Editor's top choice for cellphone. It is also one of the popular cellphones in asia and still continues to grab attention worldwide. So far W810i can be found on online retailers and third party dealer stores. Getting it unlocked by itself with no carrier plan is very expensive. Dont' do that unless money is not an issue. Get it cheaper with a plan or wait for Cingular..if ever. I know the wait is such a drag. Better yet if you can't wait, grab this phone and avail of Cingular or T-Mobile services now...it still works.Finally, if you love music or listening to tunes on the go, or better yet be able to watch video clips, watch movie(I do), browse the internet, play 3D games, take pictures, and most importantly make and received phone calls, then you're going to love this phone. Its simply loaded with fun stuff at your disposal. Goodluck and I hope this review was helpful.

First off, let me just tell you that I own an older Sony Ericcson phone probably made at least three years ago (low resolution screen, no bluetooth) and it works just fine. Mind you I've had to take a wire brush to the AC adapter receptacle once or twice to clean it out and get it to charge. It has four bars right now. So, I decided to stay loyal to Sony Ericcson and purchase this phone, the W810i, and I recieved it in the mail two weeks ago. All was well the first week regarding music transfer, signal, and radio. I decided to go a step further and get a Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset and it worked okay with occasional beep telling me it "lost" the device. About an hour later I was hit with "EMERG. CALLS ONLY" across the screen with absolutely no signal. Okay. I then uninstalled my headset, waited a few minutes, and tried to make a call. Nothing. To roll this review up real good into a nice fatty boombatty this phone has gone completely haywire playing songs by itself when the keys are locked, incoming calls that I can't pick up, absolutely no calls going out, and just last night when I tried to call someone it made this loud high-pitched noise when it wasn't even on speaker until I had to turn it off. No more. Steer clear of all Sony Ericcson phones if you know what's good for you. Good functionality and signal are vital when it comes to buying a good phone. This one has neither. It is not a good phone. I want to break it.

I have  not yet bought this  particular phone  but  I have the older version and  have  had  years of trouble free service .  the camera  is  fantastic  I have enter several photographic  competitions with pictures  taken by my  Sony  Ericsson  cell phone . I have a  smart  phone  but  its  nothing  compared to my  Sony EricssonI hope to get this  in time  for  the  holidays in order to take family  video and  snap  shots

It's a shame Sonyericsson decided to mark this phone with the walkman logo as it has the crapiest music playback capabilities i ever seen.  I bought this phone cuz i liked the idea of having a cellphone, mp3 player and digital camera in one small device however the music playback has a very anoying hissing noise which makes listening to music at low valume levels almost imposible. If you like blowing your eardrums off you may not notice this but if you preffer to listen to your music at lower levels you will be very disapointed. This is a problem which purtains to every W810 model, sonyericsson is aware of the problem and admitied that they are not atempting to fix it. Don't get me wrong the phone as a phone works well and the 2mpx camera is just okay (you can't expect super images from a lens that small). But if you are looking for a good phone with mp3 playback capabilites there are a lot of better products out there.

Adquir&iacute; este m&oacute;vil para obsequiar y seg&uacute;n me comenta la usuaria el celular le ha funcionado maravillosamente bien, es muy resistente, ha sufrido varias ca&iacute;das en suelo solido y funciona como si nada. Su versatilidad y opciones lo hacen merecedor de 5 estrellas. Lo recomiendo ampliamente. Tremendo aparato!!I purchased this phone to give away and as the client tells me the phone has worked wonderfully well, is very durable, has suffered several falls on solid ground and works like nothing. Its versatility and options make it worthy of 5 stars. I highly recommend it. Tremendous device!

Got this as a birthday gift in 2006. It's my second SE phone (first was the T68i).The entire time I've had this phone, never had "ANY" issue with it; no lock-ups/freezing...nothing. The phone simply worked like a charm. Great walkman phone, takes good pics (for a 2MP camera), and perfect size.The only reason I retired this phone, is I got another phone as birthday gift this year; and it's also a SE phoneI HIGHLY RECOMMEND this baby.

muy celular esta bien lindo y lo mejor de todo que vino en la fecha estipulada

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE AND IT IS NOT FUNCTIONING.  I SENT AN EMAIL WITH MY SITUATION AND HAVE NOT GOTTEN A REPLY.  EVERY YEAR  I PURCHASE FROM AMAZON AND THIS IS THE FIRST I HAVE EVER RECEIVED SUCH SERVICE.  I PAID FOR THIS PHONE AND NOW I AM STUCK WITH IT.  UNFORTUNATELY I DID NOT RECEIVE THE PHONE UNTIL AFTER THE RETURN TIME.  I AM PRESENTLY NOT IN THE US AND HAD TO WAIT UNTIL SOMEONE COULD HAVE BROUGHT IT FOR ME.  I AM NOW LOOKING FOR A SONY ERICSSON STORE THAT CAN HELP ME TO REPAIR IT.  I STILL NEED HELP ON THIS

I've been a frequent phone switcher in the last few years and I've had the Sony T68, T610, T616 and the Motorola V3 RAZR, V3i RAZR and the SLVR as well as one blackberry.Let me tell you right now, this is the best phone out right now, period.  The Sony User Interface is literally about 3 years ahead of the motorola versions and it's painful to use a RAZR after using this phone.  Seriously, I love the form factor of the Motorola's, but you won't catch me anywhere near another Motorola phone until their UI is at least CLOSE to as phenomenal as the Sony one.The only "con" in my opinion on this phone is that (thanks to Apple) it can't playback protected songs purchased through the iTunes Music Store.  I love iTunes, and I'm an Apple person, but that is a bit of a bummer.  Apple really should be linking up with Sony Ericsson and not Motorola, as this phone with iTunes on it (or at least the ability to play iTunes purchased songs with the Walkman software) would be simply the best phone made YET....bar none.Even with the iTunes issue, this is still my first choice of any phone out as of October 2006.You won't be disappointed with the Sony Ericsson w810i.  I've tried all the popular phones and this is the best.  Anyone want to buy a used Motorola SLVR??: )

I have owned a lot of different phones over the years, and this one is the best.  I have a 4 gb card in it.  This allows me enough room to store many thousands of pictures, and enough mp3s for several days - day and night.  Battery life is great, size is small, the camera is adequate both stills and movies, and it is a quadband GSM with removable SIM card.  When out on walks with the little doggie I listen to music or to the FM radio.  By blue tooth it talks to my computer, updating the calendar.I have no complaints about this phone, honest.

I have used several Nokia phones for work and had bought a Sony Ericsson T310 for personal use as it offered (and delivered) ridiculously long battery life: an average of 11 or so days without charging (I don't do long conversations on cell phones), an intuitive interface and all the features I needed then. Years later I was forced to change the phone (dropped it too many times) and natually another Sony Ericsson was the first choice. Based on the price and features I settled on the W800 series since I was now walking with two phones and a Walkman radio. I did a poll of the persons I knew with non-basic phones and the majority responded that the Sony Walkman phones were the phone of choice for persons who didn't like Motorola phones. In fact persons who had owned them stated that they LOVED their phones. Cutting a long story short, I bought this phone from Amazon in January, I've had no problems since the purchase and I LOVE this phone. The intuitive interface and the 'info' option for most menu items meant I only had to read the manual (a month later) to see what other features were on the phone otherthan those I figured out on my own. This phone meets all my media needs (FM radio, MP3, 2MP camera) so I just plug it into the MP3 jack on my car radio and I'm good to go. I'm definitely going to get the 2GB expansion card... My only minor complaint is that the connection interface only allows one item to be connected at a time; a non-issue really...

This phone can play music videos just like the ipod, with 400 kbps video rate and 128 kbps stereo sound.  It takes the same format as the ipod (3gp container) with qcif (176x144) resolution.It would be even better if the headphone jack is built into the phone instead of requiring SE's connector.

I have had this phone just over 18 months and must say that it has exceeded my expectations.  I travel frequently and having this phone has eliminated the need to carry an mp3 player and camera in addition to my phone.A feature I truely appreciate is the 'flight mode' setting.  This allows you to power up JUST the music feature without actually turning on the phone thus allowing you to use it on a plane.  Also when in 'flight mode' the battery life is considerably extended.  On a 7.5 hr flight plus lay-overs and having kept the music feature on almost continously I still had 14% battery life remaining by the time I got to my destination!  Another neat little music feature is the built-in FM radio which uses the wire of the ear phones for an antenna!  Upgrading the memory stick to 4Gb allows for well over 8hrs of music and still has room for about 125+/- pictures depending on the image quality.The picture quality is surprisingly good for a camera phone, although I would be more inclinded to call this an mp3 camera that happens to also have a phone built in.  At 2Mg resolution you wont be taking pictures worth enlarging to 8x10 but as a 'point n shoot' camera for general use it more then does the trick and the resulting images are pretty good in the 4x6 size range.The call quality I have experienced has been quite good, even in the speaker phone mode, with an average talk time of around 2.5 - 3 hours continuous call and I have gone up to 4 days without needing to charge the phone under very minimal usage conditions.Truely, the ONLY thing I have an issue with is that the plug-in port for the charger and the ear phones are one and the same meaning that you can't have the phone plugged in to charge and use the radio feature at the same time since it's the ear phone wire that serves as the radios antenna.Overall I would definitely recommend this phone to just about anyone whether you're looking for a new phone, a new mp3 player or even a new point-n-shoot digital camera, especially if you're a traveler and need to lighten you accessory load.

I have this cellphone......and all I can say is love it...love it..loveit.Great features and top of the line......a must have!

This is one of the best non-smart phone:Pros--Extra long battery life (it lasts 4 days easy on single charge). I smile when iPhone/Google owners don't have their phone by 5pm due to lack of juice.--Well built--Solid keypad with nice light, so you can type even with you nails or even when you wear the gloves.--User menu. Simple, reliable.--Best audio. As it was expected from Walkman device--Good reception (AT&T;). Often picks a signal where other phone don't--Flash lightCons--None (for me at least)

This is a nice phone. Work great, just put in my sim and it work great.The wlakman feature works great.My first phone came with defects, however after I got my replacement phone had no problem so far. There is a problem with the sound quality while using the phone in some areas, but apart from that this works great.

this phone is a fantastic camera, a very good mp3 player and a pretty good phone. However, it comes with NO memory!(i mean i could literally fit 4 songs and like 3 pics) and on top of that i hope you like orange because the walkman neon orange theme is pretty much it. on the plus side you can pick up an 8 gig memory card for like 20 bucks on amazon and have a GREAT phone i love my phone it came with a  usb cable, a wall charger, and headphones the set up is kind of retro lol like a good ol nokia or something the screen quality is really good but it's the font mostly that makes it look like a phone from 2001 it works great though oh and the software! i am in love with the software i downloaded some songs and they turned out to be in a format that my comp couldnt play but the disk2phone program reformats them so i can listen to them on my phone like no matter what format theyre in it changes them to a usable one! oh and it seems to be pretty durable dropped it a few times already with no adverse effects yet lol

This is my first year using Sony Ericsson, I had previously only used Motorolas, which all worked well, but I wanted to try something new.  I signed my new Cingular contract and got the SE Z520a, which had horrible reception and OK features.This phone on the other hand has far surpassed my expectations- especially with the fact that the features actually work!  Reception is perfect so far, haven't made it out of town yet, but so far so good, and everything else has worked like a charm.  I'm not sure how the "My Friends" works which has apparently replaced the IM/chat section, so I will have to look into that.The camera is very nice, one would expect a 2mp camera to be better than VGA so I can't see how anyone would complain about that, and so far it hasn't disappointed.  I love the radio, and the themes are neat too.  It came with less ringtones than any other phone I've seen, but that doesn't bother me at all because once I load the music I will just use those.  The inside ear & outside speakers get very loud- I had read that the ear speaker was low, but they must have fixed that because it isn't on my phone!  The equalizer (including Mega Bass) & play modes for the walkman are neat too.Basically this is the best phone I've ever seen, much better than my friend's SLVR and RAZRs and I can't see how anyone would be disappointed with it!!

I bought this phone over a year ago, and absolutly no complains about it, my only regret on it was never activating a security option of block the phone is the sim is changed, why?, because they stole it a few months ago and now someone else is having fun with it.

Before this phone I owned a Nokia 6230 and a Motorola SLVR L7, both international unlocked versions. Motorola phones like the SLVR and the RAZR are slick and feature-packed but they have a horrible interface, the non-US carrier supported versions are horrible to set up in the US and they lack a lot of features. Nokia is the opposite, nice user interface -possibly the best- but a downgrade in design and slickness. Enter the Sony Ericsson. This phone has everything: Feature packed, all the features work, easy to set up, friendly user interface and eye-catching looks. Before this phone I had an international version of the SLVR, which I use on the T-Mobile network and I was very frustrated with it (didn't recognize voicemails, only the sync feature worked with Bluetooth on my Mac, couldn't browse the Internet and some buttons were wasted on features not available in the US), no such problems with the W810i. It works with the network as good as any supported phone. The Walkman mobile interface works like a dream. I'm surprised by the quality of the pictures, which is similar to early Cyber-shot models. If I had to criticize anything about it would be the flash, which is not really a flash that goes off when you take a picture, but a light you turn on manually. I would have liked the lens to be covered for protection and hooking the headphones with a normal plug and not the Cell phone's proprietary jack. For the money, this is a phone that can almost replace your snapshot and your .mp3 player, so I consider it a bargain. It's also a cell phone that will make you stand out of the Motorola RAZR crowds, for those who consider a cell phone an accessory.

I used to use Nokia phones until last December, when the Sony w600i came. That was another great phone also. I recently spied the w810i here and found it to look most intriguing.  I liked the design of it for starters; clean elegant lines and a stately satin black with small touches of Walkman orange make for an attractive phone.The layout is very intuitive and uncomplicated. This phone seemingly does it all. The pictures are the best I have ever seen from a camera phone, and with the included software (actually download the software from the website to make sure you have the newest version) sending your pictures to your pc is fast and easy via Bluetooth. It also synchronizes nicely with outlook, again with the convenience of Bluetooth. However, you will need to use the cable for importing your music.Now that were on the subject of music, the first thing I did, and you should too, is to put the included 512MB Memory Stick PRO Duo aside and buy a 2GB Stick. I imported 169 songs into the phone at 128kps and I still have over 1.2GB worth of space remaining on the Stick. Wow, that will hold a lot of pictures, videos and more songs!!!I know I should also list the shortcomings here, but I honestly could not find any. I will not list shortcomings that defy the laws of physics as some people do; "the buttons are too small", or if it is not that it's "the phone is too big". Am I missing something here? How can it be both ways? Actually, there is one thing that a few people have mentioned and that is that the earpiece volume can be a tad to low on some calls. But this is a small percentage of calls.This is a great high-end phone that you will be proud to own.
