
So great to have this classic phone new!  This is still the greatest cell phone design.  Easy to use, compact design and fits in your pocket. Wonderful!

I purchased this phone the last of May '08 and wasn't really concerned when it had no warranty. I figured it would last a while. After about 2 months, it started acting strange and dialing the number 2. A week went by and my calls wouldn't connect - even with 5 bars of signal. Another week and it said "Emergency Only". I have researched the issues on the internet and contacted AT&T tech support but nothing worked. It was a waste of money. The moral of the story? Don't buy this phone without a warranty!

saw the special deal on amazon so I bought it. The phone is alright but not at all what i was looking for.First of all people should know that the reason the phone is availible so cheap is that it isn't the US edition. Though it doesn't really matter, it is kind of annoying. The charger comes with a universal adapter and wont work without it, making the charger weird shaped and bulky. The other thing is that some of the menus on the phone are spelled wrong.The Good~Battery life is very impressive~2mp camera is not bad~Decently customizable~Comes with Platinum SudokuThe Bad~The user interface was my main problem with the phone. Defult analog clock and wrong date format. the menus just dont make sense, things that should take one button to do take 3 or 4. Menus are grouped strangely and things like bluetooth are a pain to find.~mutimedia is disapointing on almost every level, videos take a while to load aren't great resolution (176X144) max length is 30 seconds~audio player is ugly and slow, with a just plain bad interface~doesnt work with MircoSD card, or at least not a full size one, maybe I misreadOverall not that bad of a phone, just not made for mutimedia by any standards, I for one will be returning it for the Sony Ericson.

Phone, camera, video - all acceptable.Standby time, and talk time - decent.trying to put music on this is AWFUL.I cannot tell you how many times I was told that I cannot use a Universal Serial Bus, I needed *the* motorolla version USB.  After buying the stupid kit for the USB - it still didn't sync.  arg.  I managed to stumble on a method to put music onto the memory card, and just put it into the phone.As a phone. No prob.  As a music player - AWFUL.  I figure that is worth 3 stars.

I just upgraded from a RAZR phone, and this new KRAZR is exceptionally nice. The phone has great reception, the sound quality & volumn are very good, the menus are very easy to get around,it fits your face well (not too short as many phones now are) and operating the phone is simple. This phone is clearly evident of Motorola's evolution in the cell-phone industry.  By the way, you can customize the "soft-keys" to be whatever you want them to be. Likewise, you can customize the menus to appear as you would like.  They have really thought of the user and have made this phone very User Friendly as well.  It seems that the majority of the people I talk to aren't as interested in "whistles & bells" as much as they just want a plain old GOOD phone.  This is it!  However, if you want more, you can load your MP3 music on to it, you can use the calendar, you can take a picture, and if you are really adventurous, you can access the internet, and also retreive your email! By the way, this phone is capable of taking advantage of the Cingular/AT&T EDGE network which gives you 'faster than usual' internet.  I highly recommend this Good Looking, Well Working phone.

This is the "European" version of the phone. It has no manual, almost indecipherable menus and very limited features such as voice dialing. My 10 year old T Mobile US version can voice dial 120 numbers with no need to voice tag any of them. This Euro version can voice dial only 20 and you have to voice tag every one of them. Also, the voice dial numbers must be on the phone. If you don't also have them on the SIM card, then if your phone breaks, you have lost the numbers. I didn't try any of the music functions because I don't care about them. I want a phone that makes calls, and I don't want to waste my time with 5 minutes of text messages to someone I could call, speak to in person and accomplish the same thing in 30 seconds.Also, this version of the phone comes with a 220 volt European plug on the charger cord. You need an adapter or just use an old Moto charger, I paid 130 bucks for this one and then found I could get the same thing for $40. Even that's too much. This is not a smart phone. I want a reliable, quality regular phone and I have no use for all the extras of a smart phone.

I bought it in February, and it was good for 3 months only; now I understand why it is being sold under " No warranty".Still don't know why it suddenly, after 2 hours of non-use or stand-by, the screen turns on white,and never change until I took out the battery. One night I forgot to turn it off, and the next day It did not work at all. Not even turn on! First I thought It was the battery, then I tried with another one, waste of money! Of course.This phone sucks, I have seen other reviews, It looks to me that I'm not the only one.

This is a great phone.  What impressed me most about it was several things.  One was its sleek design and feel.  If you liked the RAZR, this phone will really knock your socks off.  It's not quite as wide as the RAZR, which makes it easier on the hands, and it's solid construction makes you feel like you're holding a quality product.  I love how it snaps shut after you finish a call.  It's satisfying.  Two, it has better reception than the RAZR, or at least it seems that way to me.  I don't have any data to support this claim, but I have fewer dropped calls on this phone, and the volume is much better.  I don't find myself pressing the phone against my ear like I used to do with the RAZR, which is really nice.  Three, I dig the MP3 and multimedia features.  I popped a 2GB card in the phone and loaded about 50 of my favorite songs and about 75 family photos in it.  It's great because now I can set the phone alarm to wake up to my favorite songs, or set ring tones to whatever tune I  have loaded on it.  Also, I setup a playlist and listed to it while jogging the other day.  I was most impressed.  I also created a family album on the phone and showed it to friends in a slideshow format.  It was funny.  Rather than complimenting me on my beautiful family, they focused their comments on the photo quality of my phone.  I was like, dude.  Anyway, if you like cool phones, I totally recommend this one.  Yeah it's pricey, but from my perspective, it's worth it.  One last comment.  I'm a Cingular customer and they, if you haven't noticed, haven't offered the KRZR K1 phone to their customers yet.  Well, that's okay.  You can still use this phone on thier network.  All you have to do is take the phone out of the box, pop in your old SIM card from your previous phone, then call Cingular and ask them to activate it.  They will ask you for the IMEI number located on the box and within minutes, you will be connected.  It was a snap.  Enjoy!

This phone was as advertised - new in box.  I am happy with the purchase and would recommend to a friend.

Sure the phone looks cool but the V3xx razor blows this thing away specification wise.  Why the Goforce 4800GPU was not included in this phone is beyond me.  Also why is there a measly 66mhz processor in this when the V3xx/Maxx have a 247mhz(Arm9)?  The screen is a smaller resolution QCIF compared to the QVGA of the V3xx too.  I mean the only upside I could see it the 2MP camera on this phone.  It also only supports EDGE which the V3xx supports the much faster 3G HDSPA/UMTS.  If you are big on fashion and not specs then this is the phone for you.  A much better phone would be the V3xx 3G phone or wait for the Krazr K3.  One last not why is this thing still called a razr?  It is not thin and that is the point of the razr phones.Look at the jbencmark comparison's[...]

Long story short, I received the item in the mail. The first battery didn't hold a charge, the second battery said "Invalid Battery" and then the third battery worked perfectly fine. When I contacted the seller, they responded IMMEDIATELY! They were more than happy to send me new batteries and a new backing to the phone because I accidentally bend the top clips. I am very happy with this phone and seller. They truly do care about making their customers 100% happy.

I purchased this phone about a week ago and I am very disappointed with it.  The front of the phone is made out of glass and I happed to drop my phone a whopping six inches, from my hand to the counter and the glass cracked/shattered.  The battery is decent and will make it through the day but you will most likely have to charge the phone frequently.  Oh and texting on this phone is a joke, and the bottom left key does not always respond when pressed.GOOD-Reception-Design-Speaker phoneBAD-Slow OS-Battery-Build quality-Menu structure-MP3 player software

The Motorola KRZR K1 works good with the exception of the speaker phone.  It brakes up and the volume is very bad.  The battery was bad but I was sent another one.

i REALLY wanted this cellphone. i wanted it SOOOO much that i bought it w/o sticking to my own caveats & while ignoring my apprehension--an apprehension that turned out to be TOO TOO valid. amazon has this product tagged completely wrong. i bought it, ya. i had to return it, ya. it is NOT cdma. it will NOT work w/ metropcs. it IS the most fabulous cellphone i have ever owned--but i left it unused & owned it in any proper way for the life of a mayfly before i needed to return it. i informed amazon of its miscategorization when i returned it; they uncategorically refunded me. i wish amazon had then looked into my sorry charges a bit & removed it from the list of cdma/metropcs compatibles. they didnt. so now i am informing YOU, dear emptor, so you wont have to go thru the same as did i.

I purchased this phone as a gift for my father's 70th birthday in December 2011. Since I got the phone it has been giving trouble, its not charging. The charger was replaced by the seller and the same problem happening. I am so dissatified with this phone and the worst part is it wasn't even for me so I'm totally embarrassed. What a gift to get.....The seller Wireovia through Amazon.com is yet to replace the phone.

I just bought the Motorola KRZRZ K1 phone from China ,I was a bit leary ,but this phone is hard to get at a reasonable price.The phone arrived and right away the 7 key would stick and when I hit it again I would get two 7's.This cleared up and the 6 started to do the same thing .Then all of a sudden everything was fine.I gravitated from the Motorola v3 which I wasn't crazy about ,could never see the keys in daylight .The Krzrz K1 is such an improvement ,much better voice ,beautiful blue color ,very easy to navigate ,but best of all the battery lasts a full 5 days on standby .It has always bothered me that phone manufacturers promise 10-12 days and you only get 2 days when theyre new .Nokia is the worst offender.The bad on this phone is the voice recognition ,you don't train it,you just speak the name ,but I have yet to see this phone get it right.Enunciating doesnt help and turning the sensitivity up or down doesn't either .The phone will give you 3 choices to agree with the recognition and usually all three are wrong ,so I have to scroll down to the name I want to call it's quicker.However since I mostly need tags in the car when I'm driving I have trained the car voice recognition to work ,and thats what I mostly use.Lastly I paid $45 for this phone and I couldnt be happier.It's unlocked ,I use T-Mobile and I can use it in Europe.For me a cell phone is not a toy ,so I don't play games,text message or go onto the internet otherwise I would have bought a smart phone,and although this phone has a camera ,I probably will never use it except in an emergency ,and music, I use my ipod .For an outstanding phone this one can't be beat.

I love this phone!  It is slimmer, more memory and does everything I need in a phone!

works great on T Mobile - changed to no contract, put in sim add minutes from pay as you go card, done..

This is a very nice phone. It looks great and is very solidly built.  Be careful because it can get scratched.  The finish of it also shows every smudge imaginable, which is an annoyance but not enough for me NOT to like this phone.  I got this some time ago and the price has almost doubled since; why I don't know.  Maybe because it's good?  Anyway, I really like the size and feel of the phone.  And, don't take this the wrong way, but it feels good in my pants (pocket).  Because it's not bulky and has a rectangular shape and the finish is glass, it kind of just slides into your pocket.  There isn't any resistence from rubberized backing, bulging buttons etc.  I'm relatively old school when it comes to phones and I just use it to make calls and take some pics/videos once in a blue moon. But I have to say upgrading from the old V550 was quite a jump.  This one holds a charge very well IF you use the charger that is supplied.  If you use the USB charging from your computer, it seems to fill it up quickly, but the charge doesn't last as long.  Still, it's awesome to be able to just plug it into a USB port and not have to hunt for the wall plug.The thing I still don't like about Motos is that you have to buy software to sync. Why can't it seemlessly integrate with Outlook somehow, or some other PC based email client? I shouldn't have to buy a smartphone for this feature.  I really don't need this functionality. But honestly, they should supply it for free.  In non-USB versions they'd even get you for the sync cable too; what a rip-off.  Anyway, there are other sync alternatives beside the Moto software if that is important to you and I'm sure because it's USB based there's at least a way to backup your contacts.  That's important.As of this writing I've had the phone almost two years and have no complaints really.  Oh, I've tried the media player on this thing with bluetooth and it works great.  Very nice sound.  So, it'll do for an good MP3 player in a pinch.  That's nice when travelling; one less thing to have to lug around, get lost, stolen or broken and have the TSA interrogate you over.In the end, it's a phone.  But for the money (at least at the price I got it at) it's been a good choice.

This item just as advertised.  My son broke his old razor phone and we needed a new one quick.  This did just the trick along with being a better phone.

Purchased the phone for my wife.  Charged it up, popped the SIM card in, and away she went, no problems with voice!  However, because it is an unlocked phone not tied to any provider, you will need to setup the phone for internet access (for downloads of ringtones, games, basic internet stuff).  Depending upon your wireless service provider, you may also need to update the firmware from Motorola's website.  I am with AT&T/Cingular and had to manually input the WWW settings to get it to work (available online at various sites other that AT&T/Cingular), and call customer support to update the IMEI on the account.  Customer support and my local AT&T store were really no help setting up internet - do a google search for unlocked phone Cingular media.net settings and you will get several pages to help you set it up.  The interesting bit that we found with this unlocked phone is that it is an exportable phone, meaning the voice commands are in British English, not American English, so many of the phonetics are different.  However, for my wife, this works to her advantage as she is British, so we found the perfect phone for her.  She is very happy with this phone.

First, I'm a guy with large hands - when I position my thumb over the keypad, I cover up all of the keys - from both the 2 & # on down to the 0 and #. I've never had a mis-pressed key. But I've seen the "small keys" comments and that was my biggest fear in purchasing the phone. If you can use a cell phone - you'll be OK.The speaker is surprisingly clear. However, when I slide the phone into my back jeans pocket with the speaker slot facing me - I cannot hear it at all.  BUT - in any other position the speaker is quite loud and clear.The form factor is, in my opinion, GREAT. It's small, till you flip it open, then it feels more like a 'real' phone with a mouthpiece near your mouth.I bought an unlocked version it wound up coming from Italy. I had to change the language before first use and that was slightly confusing.I read comments about fingerprints on the faceplate, and thought it was a little odd, "who cares about fingerprints", I thought to myself.  But, they are annoying. The surface is so shiny and perfect that the smudges and prints make it look dirty.The camera takes nice pictures.  It's 2 mega-pixel so it's not a digital camera - but it's not really bad either.I am in the process of trying to get different software for the system from a motox forum.  They seem to have modified and unsupported versions that might be better than the default version which seems limited.Finding drivers to attach this thing to your PC can be challenging.  I run win2k and haven't been able to access the phone from my home PC.  Fortunately, I run XP on my laptop and was able to use their proprietary software & drivers to access the phone.I got my phone with the $10 extra bluetooth headset (kit).  It was well worth it. The bluetooth works very well and the ear piece is nice.Someone mentioned that the menu response is slow.  It is, but it isn't so slow that it's a bother.  I dislike the current programming (which may be different with different carriers) because I can't make the MP3 player software available from the main menu.I am disappointed so far in the fact that it DOES NOT serve as a USB mass storage device.  You seem to need the driver for _phone_ in order to access files on the phone.  I've also purchased the 2gig microSD flash card for additional storage.  If you plan to use any extra feature (mp3s, photos, video) - I would recommend getting it. They can be found for less than $30.It also appears that you can get developers software to write your own java applets from developer motorola com.  So if you're techie - that might be fun.I can't give it a sincere durability rating yet, but its sat in my back pocket of my jeans without damage so far (200lb guy sitting on it).  I haven't dropped it to the ground, or dropped it in water yet, but that will happen.  I hope it survives.I've no complaints about battery life yet - though I haven't pushed it to see how long I could go without re-charging it. So far, it's been getting semi-nightly charges - I don't tend to talk on it 'all day' though.Overall, I am satisfied with the purchase, but not 100% - so I give it 4 stars.

i bought this phone from them, i was sooo excited because i use my phone for work and my current phone is a POS and it has stopped working, so i opted for overnight shipping,  the phone arrived as described, i plugged it in and inserted my SIM card, only to find out that my screen doesnt work,  it makes phone calls, but i cant see anything.  i pressed the buttons on the side thinking it might be the contrast only to find out its yelling at me in french! i went to the website to find a customer service phone number, but to no avail, i had to email.  so i hope i can get this straightened out and get a working phone.  this experience has left me without a phone.

After my 2-year contract expired, I really wanted to buy an unlocked phone and choose my own service plan. I bought this one because it looked very slick and small. I just got it connected with AT&T; service and it's been working fine.The good: it's a nice size, very pretty, easy to use.The bad: It's easy to get fingerprint marks on it. It's from Hong Kong so it has special characters on the keys (though you don't notice them after a while). You have to buy special headphones to use the music player.Overall, I think it's a pretty good deal. You'll get a lot of compliments.

this phone has all the features you could possibly want in a phone.  it's sleek, very good looking and easy to use.  the one caution i would make is that this model does not include the 3 touch-sensitive keys on the face of the phone that the K1M has.  i don't believe the K1M is available unlocked yet, though, so unless you want a plan as well, this is just something you have to live with for now.

I was disappointed from the heart. I sent a defect product. The trouble did not have you look well.&#12288;A battery was bad, and the main body was broken.

Good* Really a very nice phone* Great reception* Great sound and speaker phone* The voice commands work very well.  There is not need to train the phone.* Voice command dialing works from the SIM address book ... On the RAZR it only worked for contacts that are stored on the phone* Small size* Battery life is very good* Easy to read keyboard and display ...  Much better than my old RAZRBad* My biggest problem is the music player only supports MP3* There is no WMA to MP3 conversion software in Moto Tools* Had to manually define the phone with Moto Tools to a K2.* USB interface will not work unless you go to settings ... select USB* The USB is very slow.  You are better off loading music via a SDHC USB external reader/writer* Camera is better than the RAZR, but still not very goodMC

The version of the KRZR-K1 phone sold by J&R is actually manufactured for sale in Hong Kong.  I only discovered this when I tried to locate the serial num ber to register with Motorola for firmware updates, etc., and the Motorola site wouldn't recongnize the numbers.  Upon calling Motorola, they explained that my only options for support were to contact their office in the country where the phone was intended for sale - Hong Kong in this case, or the seller.  J&R did offer a return authorization, but that's the extent of the their 'support'.  Nothing in the add posted @ Amazon indicates that this phone, while legal to buy in Hong Kong and resell in the USA, is actually violating the terms of support (or warranty) with the manufacturer.  The phone is OK, altho there are bizarre characters on the keys in addition to the western numbers and letters. Also, the charger is not for US plugs, but does include an adapter (a big and clunky one).  Plan on purchasing another charger if you ontend to travel with it.  My suggestion is to avoid dealing with J&R for their practice of selling gray-ware.  Hopefully Amazon will do a better job of screening the merchandise that they permit on their site to avoid an less than reputable vendor from besmirching their reputation and undermine buyer confidence.

Believe it or not I actually sold my HTC smart phone and replaced it with KRZR K1. All I wanted was a reliable phone to make calls and send the occasional txt. The KRZR K1 fills those shoes beautifully. It's small (fits in my pocket) & the sound quality and features are above average. It's unbelievable that a "Flip Phone" is now considered old school in the sea of ever expanding smart phones.

Nice phone BUT! It is an international phone it will not access internet after several calls to AT&T Wireless and Motorola. Motorola finally said they cannot configure it to access the internet since it is an international phone. Charger has a European plug. Found that I can order a charger seperate.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned. I've had this phone for one year. I am on my 6th battery and my 2nd phone. I can't even enjoy the bells and whistle this phone offers because the battery only last for 30 minutes if I'm lucky and 15 minutes if I actually make or receive a phone call. This phone does not deserve any stars.

I'm not someone who finds himself phone shopping very often, and really liked my last Nokia... but it went thru the wash and wasn't salvageable. So I went shopping. I hate the phones the networks have at the stores, I wanted something different, something with pizazz!I really love this phone - smaller than anticipated, but very much the scale that I prefer.  Key features that I find a 'must have' in any phone is multi number contacts and speakerphone.  This does both and then some.  I was debating between the blue and the silver - and went with the blue, and I'm glad I did.  However, it is very very susceptible to fingerprints, so I highly recommend the BodyGlove Cellsuit to keep it nice and free of smears.  This is an unlocked phone, so the keypad and some of the programming is not US only - the dictionary for example is in Chinese I believe.  It comes with a wide array of ring tones and the sound quality exceeded expectations.  The camera also exceeds expectations and has a picture editor on board - cheesey frames, b&w;, brightness, sharpness and sepia - but these functions do eat up battery life quickly.I am very much a Nokia man, and have been hesitant to buy Motorola, but Nokia currently has nothing that interests me, style wise and the 2 gig micro sd ability intrigued me... by the way, have I told you how much I love this phone?  I have yet to find a flaw.

My 14 yr old loves it although not able to send video or picture text messages.

The phone is very good but I assume that the spanish (the second language in US) is available so pay atenttion because there are only inglish, chinese and japanese.

I have only had my KRZR for a month now but I love this phone.  I am able to get a signal in once dead areas and the battery life is amazing. The only small detail that is a little annoying is that its hard to keep the face plate clean.

I have wanted a blue KRZR K1 for over a year and I finally have one. Mine was an unlocked European one purchsed from tigerdirect.ca since I am canadian.What can I say about this phone? I didn't really take much time to mess around with the native firmware. I researched everything I could find out about this phone ahead of time before I made my final decision on purchasing it. I have owned a lot of motorola phones, and all have been great,...the K1 never disappoints, if you are keen on doing some tweaking. Back to where I said I never messed around with the native firmware: while researching I found that there are a few motorola mod websites out there...and people who are just as gadget savvy as I am, have released updated monsterpacks (newer and more customized, unbranded firmware) for this phone. I flashed the phone with the brand new monsterpack I downloaded and the phone is now EXCELLENT. Any issues with the os being slow or buggy are completely erased. I have skins installed that make my phone similar to the iphone interface which is pretty neat....plus with any other installed skins, I can change the look of the phone's os on the fly. My audio player has been updated, nicer font, more installed programs...just everything is all around better...making MY KRZR K1 the most envied phone in my area. The picture taking quality is really great compared to other phones.....I also have a 1 gig mini sd card with a ton of songs on it (that can also be used as ringtones). With a set of headphones, the sound is phenomenal. I have music videos and even a whole movie on my storage card and they all play great! The great thing about having an unlocked phone is that you can use the data cable and install free programs off of websites like getjar.com. Better web browsers, instant messengers, and even applications to make this phone as close to a pda that you can get. Add the syncing with outlook and setting your reminders, the K1 can be a wonderful phone. You just have to be willing to put in the time to learn about the phone, and willing to have no fear and mess around with p2k editors, java apps and the like. The phone is a great phone even with the native properties, but it is a bit simplistic with the native firmware. If you are willing to pimp it up with mods and the like, you definitely won't be disappointed. If you have an unlocked K1, make sure you get the gprs settings from your cell service provider in order to get internet/gprs functionalities to work. A great place to go to is howardforums.com. A lot of the settings are already on this site, just use the search function.

The phone was perfectly intact (brand new). It was supposed to arrive sooner. It arrived in the mail the day before Christmas. So NOT cool... Otherwise, I have no complaints.

I purchased my first Krzr in early November of 2007 and was very excited to have such a sharp looking phone. Unfortunately, I have learned that the appeal of the Krzr is only skin deep. As of yesterday, I have now had literally 3 Krzrs in 3.5 months for various reasons. The krzrs have been replaced for freezing up, dropping calls, and the plastic casing around the display starting to peel off. It has been a frustrating situation and I would do anything (besides buy another phone at retail) to get rid of my Krzr. My wireless service is Verizon and they have been helpful but not flexible regarding making me keep the phone. Moreover, whenever I wait in lines at the Verizon service center there are frequently other people who need their Krzr/Razor serviced. As I read most of the reviews I believe that many people are at first impressed with their Krzrs, yet after a short period of use, I would wonder if they still feel the same? I know that sometimes customers can have a "bad run of luck," but in my case I believe the problem is a poor quality product. I strongly suggest that you stay away from this phone.

I got this phone just recently because I wanted a new phone and I couldn't wait until I'm due for upgrade. I love it! Everything works fine the only thing I'm disappointed of is I cannot access Internet or media net because it's unlocked. I've checked with my Provider and they said they couldn't do it because it's unlocked. All in all this phone works great!

My phone arrived on time and in excellent condition. Love the look of this phone, love the features and functionality. Great Motorola phone.

I like this phone. It works really well. I wish it would have been clear that it was a European phone. I had to go buy a new charger

I ordered this phone because I had one 6 years ago and i liked so much the design. But the unit I received from Ross Cellular had scratches and not new. Bad service

After I bought and receive this phone I realize than the only languages for the menus and Text input available are English and others (Japanese, Mandarin o Korean)The video has a good quality and I could have a good shoot, but with the pictures even when the image has a resolution of 2mp all the pictures looks with blur.

I needed a cheap phone to tide me over till my contract expires. I've always had good luck with Motorola products previously, but i suspect the mouthpiece on the phone i got is defective. Nobody can understand a word i say into the phone unless i plug in my ear-bud and speak into that, in which case everyone can hear me OK.Also the phone's mini-sd memory-card reader seems incapable of even recognizing when it has a memory card inserted.The only reason I didn't return it is because i didn't want to be stuck without a phone for another week, and it (mostly) works as long as i use it with the ear-bud.

watch out for this add as you think that it is unlocked and will work just fine--read the entire description as the sd card is a mini and won't work with most carriers!  Returning tomorrow.

I like the phone, but have not been able to figure out how to send pictures as the unlocked setting is not set for AT&T. Like the sleekness and vivid screen. The manual I got with it was not the greatest, so did an online download to my computer which was most helpful.

Pros:- Exclusivity. Nobody has this phone/color combo.- Killer looks. The glass front is mind-blowing. Photo doesn't do it justice.- Killer size. Left to right it's thinner than the RAZR but slightly longer and slightly thicker front to back.- Sturdy. This is where it shines. When you close it, it feels like a luxury car door. Very solid; lightyears ahead of the RAZR.- Sound quality is top-notch. Excellent reception.- Camera is actually very, very good. I was very, very surprised.- Works with all my old RAZR accessories.Cons: (barely justifiable to even call them that)- A couple of the included games/java apps were in Chinese.- The phone language. "Centre" instead of "Center", Personalise instead of "Personalize" - Not really a big deal. Must be a UK English vs. a US English thing.

The pros are, it is a nice sleek phone with Java Audio Player Application and with good sound quality. I had Motorola Razor and I broke it. I had installed software for Razor in my computer. Amazingly the same software works with KRZR. The MP3 audio quality is really worth.The con is there is no was to block a phone no in your phone.It is worth buying it.

I hung on to my old v60i in the hope that Motorola would fix their user interface, this one is substantially different, but the bad features of the v60i remain. The side buttons.As of 5/22/08 I'm about ready to hurl this from the roof. The UI is just too inconvenient. I've also had to replace the battery once.6/13/08 Enough already! I replaced it with a Nokia E51. On the E51 the side buttons are not too sensitive, they require deliberate use, and all buttons are automatically locked after a timeout period anyway. The E51 is nearly twice the price now but 10 times the phone (GSM quad band, WCDMA dual band, 802.11g an FM radio and god knows what else that I haven't found yet). I have temporarily given the KRZR to my significant other, but I'll be replacing that and the daughter's phones with Nokia phones when we change the plan to use the E51's data capabilities; why would I inflict on her what I wasn't happy with myself?Let's do the good first: The voice quality in both directions is good, the talk time is good and the standby time is good enough that I am surprised when it needs recharging. I use it quite a lot and that still only seems to be twice a week. The ring tones are the usual selection but the maximum volume is considerably higher than in my old phone. Signal handling is much better, it holds on to calls that AT&T; could previously be relied on to drop, but there are still issues where it fails to roam to the next cell, though I strongly suspect that is due to lame network software rather than the phone (symptoms are that after a dropped call with no signal the signal strength immediately maxes out). For someone who travels to Europe the quad band GSM is indispensable, I keep a spare SIM for UK visits because it gives me calls to the US for about 1/10th of the cost of allowing AT&T; to roam to Europe. The music player is fine, but you are going to have to either buy bluetooth headphones, which you can't use on a plane, or buy the USB adapter which should have been included for the trivial cost in such an expensive phone. It makes an excellent alarm clock and is loud as hell.The not so good: The iTap text entry is slow and not as good as the old version, whatever that was called. I guess I'll eventually get used to iTap, but the old predictive text had some advantages.The Ugly: the joker who came up with these side buttons that can't be disabled should be fired. It's the easiest thing in the world to brush against the phone and fire up the crummy voice entry (below) or, with a bit more of a rubbing motion, switch the ringer from one more to another. So you can silence the phone and drop it in your pocket only to find it ringing in the middle of a movie. Or you eventually notice nobody is talking to you and check the phone only to find you have a couple of missed calls and the phone has been set to silent. Somehow. Then there's the voice entry, the best you could say is that it's not good. If you brush against the voice button it thinks about it for a good while and then some awful woman say "say a command". Now you have to try and convince it to call someone based on the phone's attempt at pronouncing the name you used in the phone book. Since I work with a load of Indians and Chinese that's about as much use as a chocolate fireguard. It was much more useful to be able to program the nicknames.But would I buy it again? Yes. There aren't many neat phones like this and if there's another one with quad band GSM too I didn't find it.But if someone comes out with a quad band GSM phone with good signal handling and no side buttons you'll see my KRZR on Ebay the next day.

Worked OK except the small outside screen wouldn't light up, and plastic on outside of a second one I bought came un-glued. Have sent the one for replacement but haven't recieved it yet. Probably should have sent other one back also instead of glueing it back together. Would not buy this phone again!

Este tel&eacute;fono tiene un gran estilo, es sencillo de usar, tiene buena calidad de sonido, buena c&aacute;mara, y otro mont&oacute;n de atributos que lo hacen una muy buena compra, sin embargo, es un poco lento al iniciarse, procesar im&aacute;genes, etc., quiz&aacute; un procesador mas r&aacute;pido lo har&iacute;a una mejor inversi&oacute;n. Adem&aacute;s si le pudieran agregar algunos campos a los contactos, para adicionar informaci&oacute;n, seria excelente y por &uacute;ltimo que al colocar el cumplea&ntilde;os de un contacto este se sincronizara autom&aacute;ticamente con el calendario.Por otra parte el Software Motorota Phone Tools que vino con el tel&eacute;fono, no reconoce este modelo, ese si creo que fue un cabezazo de parte de esta gente, tremendo pel&oacute;n.

I did a amazon search for verizon cell phones.  This phone came up, so I bought it.  Then it turns out that Verizon won't activate an unlock phone.  So what a waste of money and time!!!

I had low expectations about this phone, but when I opened it for the first time I knew it was ment to be mine. I could not want any other phone than this one. It has all the features I want and its very cool, modern and at a very good price.

It is a shame that Motorola build such a great phone, but no driver for it.  The Motorola Phone Tool software 4.0 does not support this phone. Go through live Internet update to version 4.35, still no driver for it.  Tried Motorola web site, there is no driver download for this phone. Contacted Motorol support, they say they setup a special support line 800-972-1837 for this KRZR phone.  Called that number and opened case with them.  Three days later, on the phone with their support engineers and managers for over 10 hours, still could not get the driver.Motorola suggested to pay Verizon to enable the Internet services, then sync the phonebook that way.  We are not ready to pay Verizon $50 per phone per month to just sync up the phone book.In this Internet age, you would think any technology company would put all their support materials and drivers on the Internet for people to download.  Not with Motorola.  I guess they afraid LG would look their support material and making better phone than Motorola, so they would rather hide the driver in their grandma's mattress -- even their own support engineer could not find that driver....

I love the phone, just wish it came with a warranty.  I have ordered 4 of these phones online, all came with no warranty.  The previous one I purchased was in Oct. of 2013 and I already had to buy another one which was this last purchase I made through you. I'm not sure that when it states that the phone is &#34;NEW&#34; that it actually is rather than refurbished.

The speaker phone option was really important to me, and it is virtually useless on this phone. Most people complained that they couldn't hear anything I was saying over the speaker, I'm on Verizon Wireless, and my wife's LG speakerphone is crystal clear. Definitely would not recommend.

I'm quite happy with the quality of the KRZR.  Being an International version though, the charger has a plug for use in Great  Britain that won't work in the US.  I had to go to Radio Shack to purchase an adapter to use it here.  I would have been a bit happier if Amazon had included this adapter or at least indicated that it was required.

I don't know if it was just my particular battery which was defective, but I really hated having to return this phone because it was an elegant flip phone, light, sleek and easy to navigate.

I just recently bought this phone a few days ago.  I owned a Motorola Razor V3 before.  I couldn't believe how much space this phone had compared to my older one. I loved the fact that you can buy and use a memory stick for extra space. I would recommend this over a MotoRazor V3 any day.

Everything about this phone is fantastic.  It feels great.  Has terrific features. I had no prolems with the micro sd card the other reviewer had.  I too was able to just insert the card and go.The voice recorder is very good, the camera is outstanding, and the video recorder was also very good.Wish it came with Spanish, French, and German languages as well as English.Don't be fooled by the Verizon version of this phone.  Get the unlocked phone.  The Verizon has a lessor camera (1.3 instead of 2), can only handle a 1GB sd card instead of the 2GB, and only has 4X zoom instead of 8X.  There may be other differences as well but, to me, these are significant.

The phone is very nice and at an excelent price.  Menus aren't ideal, but it handles blue tooth well.  Since I had an international sim card, the phone book didn't give much options (only one number/name and no voice dialing) ... not sure if that would be different with a standard GSM plan.  Note that the phone comes with a UK power adapter, but as it works on both 120 and 240 V all you need is a basic plug adapter which I had.  Of course if you travel in Europe you need the adapters anyway, so it doesn't matter much.  Camera on the phone takes nice pictures too.

I lost my phone a couple of days ago.  I found it tonight.  It was in the clothes dryer under a bunch of very wrinkled jeans.  I've come out to Amazon to post this review, because I wanted to tell people that even after being washed and dried, the phone still works!I have had this phone since 2007, and it's always worked fine despite having a hard life with me.  Last fall I managed to set it on the back seat of my motorcycle, forget about it, and it fell as I rode off.  I remembered it a few miles down the road, went back, and found it in the middle of the travel lane.  It worked fine after that misadventure too.It looks a little worse for wear, but it's still completely functional.  None of my previous phones ever lasted more than two years or so, even though I never laundered any of them.Note, my phone isn't the unlocked one listed here (my carrier is Verizon), but I assume the hardware is the same.

I owned the RAZR and then it seemed like everyone had one. Along comes the KRZR. I just had to have it. It is an object of beauty. It has an Apple "polycarbonate feel" to it. Sound quality is really good. Motorola could fix up the TEXT features. They still are not as good as Nokia. Since my RAZR I am now a Motorola junkie.Only downside - the shiny surface gets finger printed too easily - I keep a microfibre cloth at the ready.

I ordered an unlocked international version.Most of the phones features were absent or not working. The media player expired with the warranty years ago. The directory handled only name and number (not ringtones or type of number or anything else). This is a convenient bare-bones model for international travel, but those bones are extremely bare.

This phone arrived on time as promised, no problems there. The phone itself had a small crack on the outside front of the phone across the the screen. Other than that the phone itself is awsome. It works great, has a good battery life, & I love the predictive text feature.  I hope the small crack isn't a clue about what is yet to come....

I received the phone two days ago and remarked on the beauty of it and its overall good design.  After charging and setting the phone up I was pleased so far.  The next morning I started to go to work, picked the phone up and it shut off completely. After trying many things to fix the problem it was useless.  Tried to contact the the seller, Exotic phones.con which is listed by Amazon, I think I been had.  The phone only left my house once, in a box.

I had a Krzr before through at&t and it worked great. I dropped it all the time and there was hardly a scratch on it. I recommend getting a cover though because it smudges alot from fingerprints.  The reason I gave it 4-star is because of the battery.It does deplete quickly, after about 5 months I had to charge it every day-but that's a battery problem and not a phone problem. The only reason I'm getting a new Krzr is because it went through the wash while still on. I just bought one from here today and am waiting for it to come in the mail.

This phone feels great to hold, looks great, and the MicroSD slot provides lots of flexibility in its use.  It can be used like a usb stick to hold data, photos, mp3, and even play back mp3s as ring tones.

I ordered this phone because my husband's favorite color is Blue and he just had a Razr V3.  They looked quite similar.  Anyway, this phone is way better!!!  It has double the memory space and a lot of functions.  We both love it.  I might get me one some day if they come out with a hot pink or magenta.  The reason I gave it a 4 star is because the volume isn't as loud as the razr and my husband is a welder where there is a lot of noise.  We set it as loud as it can go and he sometimes still has a little trouble hearing... I will be getting a bluetooth headset and hopefully that will solve this very minor inconvenience.  Otherwise he is absolutely thrilled with it.  I would recommend this phone to anyone.

This product is nice and okay but not as friendly as I expected like other cell phones especially my Sony Erickson W580I that I lost!  Why is it they were in Thai language when we are using this in America!  We are english-speaking people and not Thai nor Chinese.  I was really very disappointed and would like to return the item once I found another that will fit my taste.  If they were manufactured from China or Thai (notice the keys!) Doing texting, if not set your, text would be in Thai!  I will not recommend to friends --- anyways AT&T; offices told me they no longer support this type of Motorola phone and stop selling them!I look so awkward with this phone!

Love this phone... I'd been using a smart phone over the last year and just never took to it so, I decided to go &#34;old school&#34;, one of my better decisions. This phone actually has better reception than my recently retired smart phone. Call quality is excellent, and it's not a hassle to carry around, fits in any pocket comfortably... I would highly recommend this phone without any reservations...

Motorola KRZR K1 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, MP3/Video Player, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Cosmic Blue)I bought this phone from Amazon.com over a year ago but only started using it lateky when I lost my old one which I bought in the same week as this one. The service was good. The phone is elegant and the voice is good on both ends.I am just wondering why I can't lock the phone when I am not using it. I went through the procedure explained in the  user guide but I can't get "security" after I press "Settings".Could anyone tell me why this happens and how I can solve this problem? Millions of thanks. KLTMMotorola KRZR K1 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, MP3/Video Player, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Cosmic Blue)

It is a good mobile, When I bought it, it was the latest product in the market, now it is old but still very confortable.

hi i love my motorola krzr phone its perfect and and it came in good condition.

It was broken a year after I bought it. Since I was getting a new one, I didnt bother returning or exchanging it.

My unlocked KRAZR came from Germany, which after setting it to English went fine.  However, the time was wierd, so I reset it to US EST -- it still won't hit the tower time when in other time zones.  What's with that???Sometimes it doesn't ring (it's set to a loud ringtone, not vibrate, etc) when called, but will beep 'missed call' as it should -- still working on that one.  No headphone jack, only bluetooth -- I can live with it.  Other than that, love the design and color... but wouldn't recommend.

I purchased this k1 for my daughter. every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it. I want to buy one more for myself,but the price went up.Very good phone at the price.

I ordered the phone last week, and it came this morning. I was very happy for the fast delivery. However, when I opened the box, it looked really cheap to me. The phone was in a old package. Even the phone looked old, and there're scatches on it. Inside the package, there're only a phone, a battery, a back cover, a charger and a old Cingular manual. The phone looked like a refurbished one because the tiny screws on the back was loose. I had to use the screwdriver to fix them. It cost $145 plus tax last week, and it dropped down to $139 plus tax this week. So I already got $6 lost!!!!

I like this cellphone Motorola KRZRK1,which is simply the 2MPcamera and easy to use in any places. The phone is basically very good for call,use and travel in most countries. I'm trying for days on MP3 ,internet and download picture onto computer,as suppose to do,but no use at all. The manual is faded(lost of ink)in copy,so that i download from the Motorola's website,but it's also no good at all. Thus,this phone is very good for making call and using when travel in Asia. Beware,I do not recommend this phone for the advertisement of usefulness,and the phone is for call only,nothing else. Perhaps,its other identical one,might be working perfectly,and which is not from the same company! Good luck. Good service Good world.

I have not used this phone yet.  However, I just ordered the KRZR K1m (CDMA) from Alltel (through our corporate sales outlet)and a few hours later, the sales person called to advice this model has been recalled and will be re-released about a week later.  Apparently, Motorola has heard the complaints noted in some of the reviews here.  I hope this helps anyone considering buying one of these phones.

Just as a phone, the KRZR K1 works great. It has clear sound even in low signal situations and the speakerphone is excellent.The camera is adequate but not stellar.  The games are in Chinese and so unplayable unless you know that language.It won't work with Phone Tools 4.35 and isn't supported by the US Motorola support.  I could get the software to recognize the phone but itrefused to sync until I updated the phone firmware.Motorola support (the KRZR specific support number) told me that there was new firmware but that the only way I could get to it was to navigate through Motorola's Chinese language web site.  The support people could not email me or send me a direct link to the firmware because it is "an international phone".Update:  I thought I would add an update to mention that the latest Macintosh OS (OSX 1.4.9) has added support for this phone to their iSync software and it works flawlessly.  So that makes this, in my opinion, a pretty good phone for Mac users or those who don't want to synchronize it with anything.

The phone features are good, pretty standard for most motorola phones today, just put in you sim card and you're ready to go. The only thing I'm having trouble with is sending pictures, for some reason they don't even send out at all. It could be possible I need to take the phone into my carrier's store and have them set it up for me.

Has all the bells and whistles, slim design and perfect fit for the hand. It is a true quad band world phone and unlocked!

Hooked it up with Cingular without any problems.I bought this phone for my mother, she's not very good with "technical" things but so far this phone has been very user friendly and easy to use. Reception has been great and battery lasts long.Complaints are the buttons are so small you end up pushing things by mistake. For my mother being a woman, she doesnt have this problem as much as me. Better for small hands.Being this phone is the international version it does have some weird characters on the keys. Ive read some complaints about this before I bought the phone but to be honest they are nothing to complain about and you dont even notice them after awhile. It still has the normal abc printed on the keys along with those weird characters so no worries when texting.Volume is EXCELLENT! I dont like how it has a seperate volume function for when you are previewing ring tones though, thought that was kind of unnesessary. It was accidently turned down all the way and took forever to figure out why it rings fine but I couldnt hear anything when previewing the ring tones and MP3's.Bluetooth works good so far no complaints.Camera is 2MP and takes great shots. Also the screen is nice and bright.Overall a great phone but I think more suited for a womans hands than a mans.Oh yes does NOT have the fast foward, play, pause, and rewind touch sensative buttons on the outside like the Verizon version.

I bought this phone when I switched services, since I've had such good experience with other Motorola phones. This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand. The battery life is abysmal, and I have lost more calls in the two months I've owned this phone than I did in one year with other phones. I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem. Being able to play music is overrated, since in order to do so you have to separately purchase their music software and linkage package, plus set up a separate music program. I am making an unprecedented move and buying a new phone way before I qualify for the upgrade with my plan. What a waste of money.

This is without a doubt THE worst phone I have ever had. It changes from Speaker phone to regular when it wants to and drops calls when it thinks I have talked long enough. As soon as I replacce it with a Droid I plan to take it out and introduce it to my .45 Colt

I have had this phone for about 2 1/2 years now. I changed from the RAZR. This past weekend I was not paying attention and WASHED AND DRIED the phone that was in my pant pocket powered on!  To my amazement it still works just fine!!!!! I have had it slip out of my pocket before and hit the ground from standing level, but WOW I cannot beleive that it is still working after a full wash and dry cycle!!!!!!

I bought this as a gift for my mom, who needed a simple and elegant phone without too many inundating features that she would never use. This was a perfect piece and a steal at the price! Its a beautiful blue color - very pleasing to the eye and very stylish too! Its got all the standard features with a 2MP camera, an MP3 player and bluetooth. Even the 8X zoom on the camera works very well! pretty clear pictures, as long as you can keep your hand steady. The thing that I like best about this phone is its unlocked and quad-band feature - it is the most inexpensive quad-band cell that I have seen. I have never used a Moto before and thought it might be difficult to get used to a new OS, but its not that bad. Even my mom (who is not at all tech-savvy) found it pretty intuitive and easy to use. It is a good price to pay for a beautiful phone that just works everywhere in the world!

So far the phone is working, but I had no chance to use it yet.  Disappointed in how bad the condition of the outside of the phone was.  Phone seems beat up.

I bought the KRZR last Saturday.  The same evening, my screen began blanking out. My screen was very dark and seemed to have some sort of shortage.  I took the phone back to my cell phone company to have it replaced. As I was waiting, another customer came in with the same exact problem!Its a great phone with awesome features! My advice is to wait and see if there is a recall on these phones since its so new!

Just ordered this phone and am returning it because there are foreign characters (I think Chinese) above each number on the keypad. Its distracting when you are dialing or texting. If you look really closely at the larger picture of the keypad (on this product page) you can just make them out.  At any rate, I thought I'd let people know.  I ordered another one from TigerDirect and hopefully won't have the same problem with that one.Update - the TigerDirect one had the same problem with the keypad.  Am returning that and ordering from the Motorola website.  Hope that one is fine.

The KRAZR is a disappointment.  I just received this phone yesterday from Amazon.com, only to find out that it cannot take the 1GB MicroSD Card from my Motorola V360.  It just keeps blinking !Removed Memory Card! when the MicroSD Card is in there.  It blinks so much that it is nearly impossible to maneuver the buttons through the phone book or other menu options. My V360 accepted the MicroSD Card just fine when I checked to see if the problem was just my MicroSD Card.  The KRAZR won't even recognize that there is a card when you check the Storage option in the phone settings menu.  It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.  If it wasn't for the MicroSD Card issue, I would not have any problem with it.  If you are intending to have this phone, wait until Motorola comes up with a fix or a recall.

The original charger never charged properly so I was able to get a replacement.  The replacement charger never worked either, so I found an charger from an older Motorola phone and have been able to get by with it.  Then comes the problem with the phone.  I have never been able to use a wire headset with it.  There's so much static noise with the wire headset connected that people on the other end can't really hear me.  Now that even without the headset of speaker on, people cannot hear me with the bad quality of the sound almost everywhere even with the best reception area.

These types were not well built, Motorola had made good phones and I stuck to them for a good while but have not bought any other Motorola since the disappointment of this phone.

I use PureTalk USA for my provider, and purchased the Motorola KRZR with my plan.It is a very! good looking phone BUT!!!~~~has problems with reception-staticky sounding calls constantly.~~~dust gets in the window and you CANNOT clean it out.(and Motorola was NO HELP despite multiple emails and phone calls!)~~~DON'T DROP IT!  The glass front will crack and shatter instantly.~~~User interface has some non-intuitive issues, but overall ok.I really like the size and feel of the phone, but I will never buy again.

I've had this phone for 3 days now, and I am extremely happy.  My previous phone was a Motorola RAZR, which recently met its maker.  The KRZR has stronger signal and better reception, and automatically worked when I put in my Cingular SIM card and powered it on.  Its dimensions are similar to the RAZR, and is more visually appealing.  My wife already wants one for herself.The only caveat is that this phone is from Hong Kong.  Everything is in English, except the java games (which include Sandoku and some kind of English to Cantonese translator).

I've had this phone for 2 years. I've dropped it several times and it still works. It's sturdy. The design is awesome. I like how small it is. They don't make small phones like this anymore. I wish they still made this phone. I would buy another. After a couple years tho I find I need to replace the battery or I may upgrade to something else. Otherwise, this phone has been with me for a long time and still works!

I love my new phone and the blue color is awesome. Very easy to set up. Just put in your sim card and you are ready to go.

Im not real happy with my moto k1, nobody told me it come's from Hong Kong, and it won't connect to the internet. What's up with that?????

If you plan to keep this phone a year or less - I do recommend it. But if you want one for longer than that - forget it.My mom and I each had one. And both of them after almost exactly a year of use started crapping out. First all the functions became very delayed. Then the battery completely gave up. I would charge the phone over night and after making one call in the morning, I'd be down to two bars. Another call over 1 minute long and the phone starts beeping "low battery". Note that the exact same issues were happening on both of these phones so it is not my bad luck on one particular faulty phone.Owning this phone past 1 year has been a torture and Morotola customer service didn't seem to give a damn. I'm exchanging it in the next week or so and this experience has made me steer clear of Motorola phones alltogether.

Well packaged and arrived in very good condition.  Very sleek and stylish looking phone.  Now that my fiancee has got the hang of the various features he loves this phone and has no complaints whatsoever.  Would definitely purchase another one.

Sorry product you can only make calls you cant send text its a phone that isnt under US warranty but sold in the US From HONGKONG so no one can help ya and if you continue to use it then you SIM gets locked dont waste your time or money I am still waiting on my REFUND

I have used one of these cell phones, a similar one, for three years. It is a great phone in many respects.And small - nothing worse that lugging big heavy cell phone around.However this version, instead of the plexiglass front of my original phone, has a cheap piece of glass on front! Not safety glass, cheap window pane! This glass front shattered in the first month I used it. How could they make it like that????worthless

Yes, it looked fancy and pretty. what's why I bought this.but it's not like old best-seller razor models.If you google this model, you will find out that this model is not durable.lots of case, people experienced error that display turn to white.  My krzr is broken in 4 months. Its LCD turn to white blank permanently and never came back. also when you use menus or look up phone book, you will experience delay. You may be able to stand it, but there are many other phones work better.my conclusion is, its appearance is cool but not durable.

It is a good phone, sound is clear, signal is good. Looks very sleek. You will find it difficult to fit it in any cell case available in stores as it has unusual dimensions. You can ofcourse find a pouch online. Motorola does not provide any Software CD with the phone. I am unable to connect to my laptop using bluetooth. Motorola sells the software CD seperately.Front looks like a glass plate, attracts finger prints and can crack easily if struck with anything heavy or sharp.Camera is good. It has 8x digital zoom but the quality is only good upto 2X zoom (after all what else can you expect from digital zoom).

The phone has met my expectations.  It's only been a few weeks since receiving the Motorola KRZR but so far so good.  I'm always pleased with Amazon's response time and shipping time, not to mention the follow up emails.Many Thanks

The overall product is good  only the back cover has a scratch on it,  but its ok I realize that this is an old model

Is not working after 1 month of use! bad quality. it is not good quality, please do  not buy this product!

The phone was delivered on time with no delay. It came on the original box with all others stuffs such as manuals, guarantee etc. I recommend this seller.

Can't believe I was compelled to come in and write this long retro review, but I've a unique perspective because I've lived with it, gone beyond it, and come back to it out of necessity -- which is rapidly changing to choice.  And though Motorola has discontinued this phone, you can still buy them as the stock gets cleared out, and people should know what they're buying.  There are plenty of sensible and/or budget-conscious consumers who've resisted the smartphone craze (or won't go there until they absolutely have to because there's nothing else to buy), and just want a phone and texting device that can take a decent picture.  For the record, I'm an electronics/gadget freak with a large dose of common sense:  if it isn't broken, I don't fix it.  I also like my devices to remain separate; a camera, an MP3 player, a PDA... don't like them all housed in one place, because if one breaks they ALL break.  And as it comes to phones, so long as the network can support them and I can buy batteries for them, I keep them until they die if they do a proper job.  I'd assume anybody who's looking at buying this phone at such a late date would have to have similar habits, and this review is for them.I got this phone when I changed carriers in '07 and could get the KRZR at a great price, not quite a year after it was released.  At the time it had advanced features, but thrown into today's smartphone storm it's rendered fairly basic.  (It's truly amazing how quickly cell phones become dinosaurs.)  But not so fast.  Going back in time -- a little over three years -- I loved this phone from the get-go.  Compared to its predecessor the RAZR, which I never owned but was familiar with via friends, the KRZR had a bit more girth but felt far more appropriate in the hand.  (The RAZR was thin, sure, but it still felt odd to hold to your ear, like talking into a shoe -- just like modern smartphones!)  The size of the KRZR is nothing short of perfect in the hand, at the ear, and in the pocket.  It sports a strong, sturdy, quiet hinge and offers smooth, solid flip action.  Also excellent: battery life, call quality, signal strength -- pretty much all I look for in a phone.  Though I never buy phones for their photo and music-playing capabilities, the pictures are surprisingly good so long as you don't employ max zoom.  Can't vouch for the music player as I never used it.  Loved the web access.  Ditto: the vivid screen / the voice dialing (not an add-on, billable feature, but a feature of the phone itself) / the simple USB interface for charging and connecting to the computer (easy download of pictures/video) / the MicroSD card slot / the velvety, rubberized back / the bluetooth (never a problem).  The menus took some time to learn (not always intuitive), but it came with a full user's manual.  There was slight lag in character entry when texting, but who texts in an emergency?  Use the phone!  Overall the KRZR was a real winner for me.That said, there was a con as regards design.  The thin glass front panel, though sleek and attractive, was a fingerprint magnet (though nothing compared to today's smartphones) and cracked six months after I got the phone.  I believe this was due to having banged it against something.  Ordered a three-pack of new ones for next to nothing online and replaced it myself.  I then dropped the phone some months later and the glass panel cracked again, but this time I got wise and covered the new panel with crystals (see image).  The glue and added "glass" strengthened the front and that was that, it never cracked again.  And believe me, it was dropped!  (Others, particularly you guys who might not appreciate an embellished phone, replaced the panel with rubber or hard plastic -- surprisingly easy to do.)Batteries do get tired, and I felt the need to replace the battery a year and a half later (bought a very affordable one here on Amazon).  And that's that.  Used the heck out of the phone, dropped it, got it wet (yes, it sports the dreaded red water damage dot inside), but it performed like a champ.  And then last year I was due for an upgrade.  I was intrigued by the new smartphones, and for the first time went for something new when I didn't need it (yet).  Never swayed by the fruit craze, I was looking for a non-Apple device, and AT&T; gave me a deal on the Samsung Impression.  Loved the larger AMOLED display, some touch capabilities and full slide-out QWERTY keyboard.  Missed the voice dialing (they wanted to charge me for that).  Missed the rubberized back.  But quite honestly I didn't upgrade for any other reason than curiosity.  Since this isn't a review for the Samsung Impression, I'll skip to the chase and say that for almost a year it was a stand-up, useful device until the screen went black any time I opened it (following a drop) -- so much for using the keyboard!  I dealt with that until the screen went completely black last week.  Since I'm not due for an upgrade for some months, and don't want to purchase a replacement or consider another newer phone until then, I decided to kick back to the KRZR and wait it out with old faithful.Guess what?  I prefer the KRZR.  My busy "digital life" hasn't changed a bit in comparison; still taking/sending pictures and video, still tweeting, still accessing the web.  The KRZR goes places huge smartphones can't.  It feels more natural in my hand and at my ear.  (Though I do miss the keyboard for longer entries, it's almost easier to text because this phone's easier to hold.)  All the things I gave it excellent marks for three years ago are even more noticeable now.  Such loud, clear calls... and oh how I missed the fabulous battery life!  Though the Droid looks appealing, who knows what will be out there months from now when I'm due for an upgrade?  But I'm half tempted to stay right where I am with the KRZR until it's dead for good, which at this rate could be more years!  I still say buy one while you can get one if you don't need a smartphone.  I may even buy another myself.

The seller indicated that the phone was a high quality phone that was compatible with AT&T GSM phones.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  the back of the phone will not stay on, making it useless! It is the worst purchase I have ever made through Amazon!

The phone worked as it was described, had no issues with it other than size. It was a little small to use with bigger hands.

phone was in good condition(brand new), but the seller sent me the wrong charger,and i can't charge my phone.i am just curious how in the world the chargers are get mixed?????i would give this a 5 star,but sending me a wrong charger is just bad.can't even turn on the phone!!!!!!!!!!!!

The krzr looks pretty sleek, but i find it a bit bulky.  Though it's slim, it's kind of thick and long.  I used to have a razr, which i find less bulky because it was flatter.I don't know if it's just a defect in my krzr, but I can't navigate through the phone book.  When I punch in a "m" the phone doesn't do anything, and I'd have to scroll all the way down the phone list.The one thing that's pretty sweet about this Motorola is that you can have multiple numbers for one person (unlike all the other Motorola phones).  To deal with the lack of navigation, I assigned each of my numbers to a group, which helps me get to a number faster.Besides that little defect, I think that the krzr is okay, but i think i like my razr more.

I see a lot of negatives and things not working for other people and what not.  First off, I received a KRZR K1 that was Cosmic Blue... and yes it was fully unlocked.  Awesome for those times you want to pick up a SIM trip while travelling and make low cost local calls.In the 24 hours that I have had this phone:- Literally all you do is drop in your SIM chip and it works- It has NO chinese characters on the keypad- It comes with a larger 220/110 volt charger (its no big deal!)- Texting works without issues (though I hate texting!)- The voice dial works amazingly well! (Love the STATUS command!)- The Motorola tools support the KRZR K1, drivers and all (syncs nicely!)- My 3rd party 1GB memory chip is visible and functional in all respects- The speakerphone is clear and loud enough for most needs- The phone ear speaker is clear, loud and more than adequate- The buttons on the sides "autolock", so no errors possible there- Bluetooth connectivity works great with either headsets or computers- Built-in camera is acceptable and it sends pics and saves them to my card, but don't expect Nikon dSLR quality pics from this thing... its a PHONE!So for me, it all works... perfectly!!The only thing that I have not tested out is internet access on my cell, but honestly I do not need it... my last phone had access and I used it once in 3 years.  Bleh, what a waste of time.  I surf the net from a 5+MB connection at home with a 100GB monthly limit.  I doubt a 9600 baud cell phone modem will quench my surfing desires and it just wastes minutes for nothing.The phone does have a shiney front end that reflects fingerprints a lot, and it still looks great, but works even better than it looks (fantastic reception... 1-2 bars more than my father's cell on the same provider side by side in the same location) and I am looking forward to years of good service from this cell.I am very happy with the seller, the service was excellent and their product exceeded my expectations, as did their service.  HasslefreeCell really was... hassle free!I would purchase again from them without reservation... and very likely will!

This is a fantastic piece of motorola looks great and it's the samllest cellphone in the market, good camera.. a little slow software but it isn't a problem..

I received my phone 2 days ago and I have not been able to put it down!  The quality is very good.  I have TMobile and have only had some slight issues with the phone.1. For some reason it says Cingular on the main screen instead of TMobile.2. I can't receive picture messages (I think I have to set it up again).3. The games are in Chinese and the keys have Chinese letters/stroke symbols.4. Impossible to keep it fingerprint free without constantly wiping it down.That's about all the negative.Sound quality is great. Best I've had. Music sounds great. I haven't had any issues with the memory card as the other person previously posted. I popped in a brand new 1GB MicroSD card and it recognized it right away.All in all I give 4/5 stars.  If you always like to have the newest/best then I'd say buy one now.  If you can wait, I'd say wait until you can buy a true US version of it

I ordered this phone thinking it was the real deal but then to find out it's an european phone and can not receive downloads or pictures. What is the sense of having a camera phone you cannot share pictures, download ringtones or games of your choice.I suggest if you want this phone with all the features you get it directly from the manufacturer or a cell phone store. This was a gift for my husband and was emabarresed when I found out all of this by taking it to a Cingular store, yes I paid cheaper but was not given the full description of what I was getting.

I am very happy with this phone.  I bought this phone to go on a trip to China and Hong Kong.  I was skeptical at first.  I read a lot of reviews before making the purchase.  When I received the phone, I tried my AT&T sim card and it worked.  When I arrived China, I put in the local sim card and it worked like a charm.  My second stop to Hong Kong, the local sim card again worked like a charm.  Now that I am back in the US, the phone works like it supposed to.  Also, the phone charger is the same as the Razr V3, so I can use my own charger instead of the European charger with a US adapter which came with the phone.  The only negative is the user manual is in German.  I had to find an English one online.  I have not figured out all the details on the phone yet.  I will definitely recommend this phone to anyone who likes Motorola phone, and does not text a lot.

I loved all of the features on this phone, I really wish I could have kept it, but there is one huge problem,  IT DOES NOT WORK ON CURRENT AMERICAN NETWORKS!  My first first clue there was something wrong was that it kept trying to set my time to bizarre foreign time zones(like Algiers) now I know that is because that was the closest tower it recognized and could carry a signal from!I wasted 3hours on tech support with my service provider to finally have one tell me that the cell networks have all updated and no longer support the technology that this phone runs on.  I never noticed that the release date for this phone was 2005, and it is just too old to be compatible with the current networks here in the USA.

I remembered the old Motorola that made quality phones. This unit died in under 3 months of light use, battery and SIM were failing to be recognized and then the directory and software stopped working.Stay away, I don't recommend.

this phone is by far the worst piece of junk i have ever purchased.mine has been replaced 3 times and my wifes 4 times while still under warranty.i have replaced the battery with a brand new one and it still does not stay charged.it freezes up on me all the time and it always says my memory is full even when i clear out all my messages.i will never purchase another motorola again and strongly advise others not to as well.

This phone gets exellent reception and call volume quality. However, there are other phones that gets you the same thing for much cheaper. The extra bells and whistles on this phone did not work for me.1. This phone could not be recognized by my computer via a USB device. So it rendered my Motorolla Phone Tool program useless. I did some research and found this to be a common problem with the KRZR. So inorder to have custom ringtone, I had to spend an extra $50 on a MicroSD card and connect that directly into my PC and then put it back inside the phone.2. No internet for AT&T;/Cingular. I bought this phone unlocked and called in Cingular to get internet access on it. They gave me a link to change my settings. I did that and the internet was still stuck on "Lauching Browser" everytime I tried to get it online. I called them again and they told me there was nothing I could do because the phone was bought unlocked. But I had no problem getting my unlocked V3 online a few months ago.So basically, this phone is superb when it comes to getting clear calls and good reception, much better than the V3. But when it comes to other essentials, it leaves much to be desired.

I was looking for a little and easy to use cell phone and that's exactly wath I found. The photos and the videos are excellente, and I change the SIM Card in Argentina and it works fantastic!!! I love this cell phone and I recomend it as well.

- It more or less works like it's supposed to.- I like the sturdy build quality...doesn't have that cheap plastic-y feel- I find that I need to recharge every 48 hrs regardless of how long a talk (which isn't much).- I wish it had a more standard audio jack...the dongle/adapter adds bulk and i found that the lowest volume is too loud, so I have to use ear phones with a built in volume control...thus the one star deduction.  At least the mp3 feature exists :)It's still the best phone I've had to date, so... 4 stars.

The sheer artistic perfection and asthetics of this phone almost belie it's functionality - it is not just another pretty face. What prompted me to buy it besides it's cosmetic appeal is the dimensions. The best-selling RAZR was tad too wide for me to use one-handed due to it's width. The KRZR - [I have heard two different pronounciations of it: "Krayzer" and "Cruiser" - I lean towards the latter] - is taller, but narrower and fits like a tailored glove. Sound reception is great, additional features are superb (8x zoom on a 2.0 MP camera; up to 2Gb additional capacity by adding a Micro-SD; stereo Bluetooth capability, E-mail access, Web browser are my favorites). This unlocked GSM phone enabled me to pop in the SIM from my existing provider and go from there, and I am really looking forward to when I travel with it, obtain pre-paid SIMS for other countries, and pop them in and go...all that after listening to hours of music on it's mp3 player on the flight over. This is an advance in the technology of smaller and finer electronics, which seems to be one of the most heavily concentrated areas of technology as of late, and we are just starting to scratch the surface - but what a dent the MOTOKRZR has made.

the t-mobile k1 phone sucks. i hated it. i didnt have signal practically anywhere i couldnt send or recieve pictures at all, if you want to get this phone ask to try it out first before making a decision. so i got rid of it.

In 9 months I went through 4! of these phones. Key pad #5 on first one didn't work properly I exchange the phone after 3 weeks. Second phone after few months went totally dead few times for no reason, or there was absolutely no sound which meant missed calls or I couldn't make a phone call. It was replaced under warranty for refurbished one. After only 2 weeks same thing as with second one  happened with this one. Received refurbished replacement under warranty #4. Right from the box 4 key pads didn't work. Is this coincidence? Otherwise phone is stylish, beautiful, with very good reception. Camera is not that good. I really like it when it works and because reliability is very important for me and I had so many defective ones I can't give it more stars. My previous phone was Nokia and I had it for 5 years without single problem. I even dropped it, and it worked with cracked display for 2 years without problem. I'll never buy Motorola again.

The back of unit has cheap clips. One of the clips broke after changing the 'new' battery twice that wouldn't charge. Another junk product from Motorola.

Seriously, I dont recommend this phone. . . the only good thing is its looks. its all show and no go. . . I bought it because i broke my old phone (nokia 5300) but this phone was so bad i decided to go back to my broke phone.. which I now fixed. This phone also has horrible functionality as far as mp3 players go. the speed of navigation is horrible because of horrible layout and the fact that the processing capabilities are horrible(waayyyyy too slow)Im giving it two starts one for the sleek look, and one for the 2mp camera, which you can still find on ALOT of other phones.

I was very hesitant buying an unlocked phone over the internet and from a distributor that I was unfamiliar with, but my experience was great.  I wanted to purchase a phone that I could use  with my current phone plan that I could just put my sims card in and it would work, that's exactly what I got. And, I didn't have to extend my contract.I had to do a little research to make sure that it would work with my sims card.  The reviews that were on Amazon were very helpful in helping me pick the right phone that accepted the correct signal (not sure that's what it's called).I received my phone in a very timely fashion and it worked as soon as I put my card in.  It will be a great surprise gift for my husband.

I bought this phone for it's beautiful color and design and am happy with it for the most part.  I also have a MOTO RAZR and have been comparing the two.  So far the main thing I don't like about the KRZR are the voice dialing.With the RAZR, you can train each person with a Voice Name in the phonebook.  Then press the right button and say the name, and it automatically dials that person.The KRZR has no such feature (at least I haven't found it yet) and does not seem to recognize names, and if it does, you have to press several buttons before it will dial the correct person.  Not exactly what you need if you are trying for hands-free dialing.The other negative feature when compared to the RAZR is that is actually feels heavier and the controls are smaller and harder to use with my big fingers.Other than that, probably a great phone.  I'm still trying to figure out what it can do, so am having a learning curve issue.

The product arrived in a sealed box which I was unable to get to for a couple of weeks, three to be exact post acceptance of delivery.  Upon attempting to charge and power up, discovered it was dead on arrival.Now I must return and somehow get this resolved.

Received the phone from the Cingular folks.  Had a RAZR V3 before this, and like the slimmer body and upgraded styling.  As a non-tech type, operating the thing wasn't as intuitive as I would have liked, I had to refer to the manual many times to set it up and surf the web to figure out how to get it to work with Mobile Phone Tools.  The best thing about it is the style and provision of basic phone functions (calling, camera, e-mail and music) without being a big behemoth treo-like organizer.  I still cannot figure out how to save pictures and videos to the micro SD, the phone says there isn't enough space, but there is.  A few other bugs too, hopefully there will be more support and info on the web in the months to come.

If All you do is call or text its a ten. Minus star internet Sucks. Way to small for visualizing words let alone pictures on internet.Almost 99 percent of time you will have great roaming Range and Connections on calls from Pa. To California using T-mobile and or At + t.

Motorola KRZR is a great phone, simple, but good for my needs. The seller sent it out as stated in listing, and came in perfect condition. Nice and slim to fit into a pocket..and a really pretty color. Battery last along time, and I have no complaints. Seller offered excellent customer service, when I needed some technical assistance. I was very pleased with this company.

I loved this phone so much, I got another one when it was time to renew. It has a great camera so you can get a quality picture instead of a VGA. Fits your hand and ear better than a RAZR. Works Great.Approved by YODA.

I like Motorola, they are easy to use, have good ring volume, different tone are very nice and the settings are pretty easy to make. I recommend using this phone.

This is my second KRZR. I love this phone. I finally broke my first one, but I pushed it to the limits. It had been washed, soaked jet skiing, dropped, kicked, chewed up by my dog (twice) and finally destroyed by me trying to replace pieces without the right screwdriver. This phone lasted through it all. The best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water, it still works. If you are hard on phones, I would recommend this one.

It is a very good phone. very light and compact. also versitile. like the mp3 songs that can be stored on the phone. the camera and video camera are very nice as well.

I am nearing the end of a 2-yr contract with Verizon on this phone. If I had to do it again, I'd probably have just gotten something cheaper and less shiny looking. This phone appears to STILL be quite expensive despite the fact it isn't really good at anything except plain, no frills phone calls. I found signal strength generally good, call quality ok but not exceptional. I liked the handsfree function (speakerphone, etc) and also the bluetooth. I didn't like the way the battery started to become EXTREMELY depleted after about one year of use. I started to talk to people for about two minutes (seriously, not an exaggeration) before I would need to charge the phone. While the solution is pretty simple - just get a new battery - batteries can be rather expensive and it is just a frustrating experience.Once the battery was replaced at 1.5 years, however (when I really should have just done it much earlier at 1 year), battery life returned to normal. That is, you could expect to have quite a bit of standby power without chatting, and you could have at least 1 hour of talk time easily with no fear.Internet is basically nonexistent and only in emergencies for Verizon's ridiculously slow and old proprietary browswer. I did use it a few times to view email in a pinch, but wouldn't recommend anyone taking its internet capability seriously.Texting is ok if you are relatively speedy on the standard non-QWERTY keypad. I was able to manage as I am not a power texter (a busy texting day for me would be 20 msgs). If you are crazy about texting you might prefer QWERTY.I didn't use the music player so I cannot comment on that.Very durable phone, dropped a few times onto pavement (ouch!). Scratched front not very noticeable.Bottom line: October 2008 means the technology is way, WAY better than when I got this. Get something nice for yourself - it'll probably be even cheaper!

Nothing too exciting just a regular phone. Works fine. it is very simple and a nice color. The best part is that it's a world phone!

I'm rating this 3 stars as a phone with text messaging.  If you want to include the MP3 player functionality it would be 2 stars and internet access (at least through AT&T;) it would be 0.First off, as others have written, this phone looks and feels very nice.  I care less about the looks, but it just feels good in the hand.  Nice smooth curves and especially a nice solid feel.It seems to pull in signals well.  My house is a good place to test GSM phones:  the 1900MHz signal from T-Mobile and the 850MHz from Cingular/ATT are both marginal, but this phone pulls in AT&T; very nicely.  Even at one bar, it does not seem to suffer dropouts.  I also get an Edge data indicator (more about that later).The bluetooth works just fine with the built-in handsfree system in my car.  I had a problem with that on the CECT phone I tried earlier, so it is not a given.  You can also disconnect from the bluetooth while a call is in progress, for example if you reach your destination and want to get out of the car!The speakerphone capability is pretty decent.  Voice quality seems ok.  A plug-in earbud with mike also comes with it, and seems ok (did not really try it much).This phone has Ringer-ID (i.e. a personlized ring tone for different callers) but see below.  I never buy ringtones...I rip MP3 files from various places, or find MIDI files on line for free.  That works just fine.  But you need to have the SD card (as nearly as I can tell).  It does not appear that you can easily get an file on your computer to the built-in flash memory on the phone.  (There is some 3rd party software around, but that is scary...it lets you access the basic control files of the phone, and I'd rather not brick my new purchase quite so soon :-)The text messaging works fine ootb with AT&T; just as you expect (but see below about notifications).The reasons I downrate it as a phone are as follows:1) The voice pickup on the phone itself is less than ideal.  Contrary to other reviewers, I did not think that it was as clear as some phones.  I did an experiment:  I connected to my car hands-free and called my home answering machine and started talking.  Then I disconnected the call in progress and started talking on the phone itself.  Finally I went back and listened.  The voice on the hands-free was nice and clear.  The voice on the handset mike was somewhat muffled.  Not bad; just not crisp.2) This appears to be just a Motorola thing, but it drives be CRAZY!  I love Ringer-ID, that is setting up a personlized ring-tone for different callers, and this phone has it.  But guess what?  If you set it up for a caller the SAME MP3 or MIDI plays when you get text from them!  I've done a lot of internet searching; that appears to be just the way it is.  Grrrr.3) I don't really like the Moto menu system.  Wouldn't you think that the settings would be under "Settings"?  Oh, no, if you want to set up for messaging, that's under messages.  If you want to set up for web access, that's under web.  Settings has only the stuff that fit in no other category.  But that's just me.I said 2 stars as an MP3 player.  That's because while it seems to work ok, there is no obvious way to connect your own headphone.  There is no phone jack; only a mini-USB. The earbuds that come with it work ok, but darnit, I want to use my Bose noise-cancelling phones when I'm on a plane. You can buy USB-to-phone-jack adapters, but the ones I found either did not include or explicitly excluded Motorola.  Oh, but this has the Bluetooth profile for high-quality sound.  Fine, but you can't use that on an airplane.I said 0 stars as an internet device on AT&T.;  I spent literally hours attempting to get data access.  I combed the internet.  I even used the AT&T; Chat tech assistence (and they were actually really great!) but I had not luck at all.  I got all the settings as they ask (as nearly as possible; the profile you are supposed to edit is locked, so I created a new one...maybe that is the problem?) but I continually get a message saying that GPRS is unavailable despite the indicator on the phone that it IS available.  The AT&T; guy said there should be no difference between Edge and GPRS in terms of the settings, and my old phone could use GPRS with the same SIM card.  So my account is ok; I just can't get the right settings on the MOTO.  Ah well...I wanted it as a phone, mainly.Ah, the camera.  All I can say is that it is better than camera on my previous phone.  There is no flash, and I have not tried it in dim light, but the outdoor picture I took was passable.  Better to have this than nothing when need to snap off a quick shot, but don't replace your Nikon with it.As others have mentioned, the charger is for some other plug standard than US, but it comes with an an adapter.  No big deal.  Plus if you really hate it you can get an iGO charger from Radio Shack or Amazon.  I think the tip is A38.To summarize:  It's a pretty nice phone, especially if you will be using it with a hands-free.  Even just using the handset, it's pretty ok.  It's stylish, feels good in the hands, pulls in signals well, does text messages well with a possibly slighly poor outgoing voice quality.  Don't buy it because you want an internet device, and don't expect it to replace your iPod.===============================================14-Nov:  Someone else mentioned that the case cracked.  Mine did too.  The flip has a crack on the outside.  No, I did not drop it or otherwise abuse it.  It must be a poorly designed with stress points somewhere.  Too bad...it is nice looking.But worst, it seems today that the charger is refuseing to charge it, and the charge meter is inconsistent.  This is a all a sign of bad things to come, I'm afraid.  I don't recommend buying this phone (although it is still working ok as a phone.)================================================August 2011:  Indeed, the charger did die, but the iGo charger I had for it continues to work fine.  I have replaced this with an iPhone (on my second generation now), but I keep this phone for foreign travel.  Since it is unlocked, I can plug in a SIM card from a foreign telco and it works fine.  (I've used it all over India, for example).  The cracked case has not gotten any worse than when I first noticed it.  The whole thing continues to work pretty much exactly as I originally wrote.

The phone also did not work properly. The ear piece was faulty and the only way to hear calls was to put the phone on &#34;speaker&#34; mode. The refund was however prompt and without issue.

Not exactly what I wanted, but once I got used to it, it's actually better than my KRZR V3.  Straight forward used only for placing and receiving calls.  Battery lasts a long time.  Up to a week if I don't talk very much several days even if I talk for an hour at a time.

This KRZR K1 is very neat and small, and carries alot of features. The time  and callers Phone number is seen on the outside of the phone when someone calls, so you can screen your calls.  It's trully a nice neat phone

I have been using my Motorola KRZR for more than a month now and I am satisfied with its variety of features.

Very happy with this purchase. The phone does not have all the new bells a whistles, but for phone conversation, taking pictures, battery life and reception are great. The phone is constructed well and feels it is made well. One thing I am happy to report is that all my old USB chargers from other Motorola phones I have owned all work on this phone also in an emergency I was actually able to use my car charger off my garmin nuvi GPS.

This phone was great when I first got it.  My son and I have the same phone different colors.  It is very elegant looking.  He started having problems right away, they gave him a new phone.  Now we both have problems, mostly battery problems.  We have both replaced the batteries in this phone twice in one year.  From what I understand Verizon is no longer carrying this phone due to the amount of problems they have had.  A charge lasts about 12 hours when it used to last a week.  Very frustrated and would not recommend this to anyone.  I guess looks aren't everything.

I just received my KRZR K1 yesterday and I love it. It's very sleek and elegant feeling. My only "issue" with it would be that it's so new that T-Mobile's "T-Zones" doesn't entirely support it. Some games are not downloadable, (including my Favorite- Bejeweled) and at this point, NO Mega Tunes OR Hi-Fi ringers can be downloaded from T-Zones. Disappointing, but the phone does come with a wide variety of ring-tones to choose from.The games loaded on the phone are partially chinese and partially in English, which takes most of the fun out of it for me.However, these are small issues that I believe will eventually be resolved.It comes with a USB connector, but does not come with the required software, so the USB connector is useless. So far I can't find the software anywhere on the internet. Still looking.It can download Mp3's, but the site it downloads from is in Chinese, so that's a bit of a problem....The phone itself works perfectly, it's just that all the extras that make this phone expensive don't work here yet, or aren't supported in the US.If you want to LOOK like you're on the cutting edge, buy this phone. If you want to actualy BE on the cutting edge, you might look at other options until this one has more US Support.

It looked like a great phone for me to use internationaly but unfortunatly the seller does not read your e-mails and does not follow through with the promises they make.

I've purchased two of these phones but I didn't get a chance to use the phone I purchased from Amazon. My phone arrived fairly quickly but when I opened the box it was immediately obvious that the phone manufacturer's box that's inside the Amazon.com box had been opened. When I opened the manufacurer's box all of the packing material was missing and the box contained only loose phone parts (phone body, back cover, battery, AC adapter) that had apparently been bouncing around alot. The phone was badly damaged, the front of the phone was a spider web of cracks and it appeared that the camera lens may have been cracked as well. I sent it back the next day and Amazon gave me a prompt credit for my return in about a week.After receiving my credit from Amazon I went to ebay and bought this phone for about $30 more and it arrived brand new and in perfect condition. It also came with many accessories, including software CD, data cable, stereo headset, holster, car charger and 1GB memory chip. I installed my SIM card and the memory chip and the phone works like a champ.I loaded the phone tools software on my HP laptop and it immediately updated to the latest version. I just use the synchronization for my Outlook contacts and calender and it has worked well with only one minor issue. For some reason the software was synchronizing with the calendar information in my archive folder. Once I changed the synchronization setting to go to my current calendar folder there have been no issues.So far I've only downloaded a few ringtones from the internet and they have downloaded quickly and flawlessly.This is my first Motorola phone (I'm a former Nokia owner) and I have found this phone easy to use. The sound quality is very clear, definitely better than any of the Nokia phones I've had, and the signal strength and reception seem to be better as well. I've had no problems with accidental pushing of the buttons on the exterior of the phone.The phone construction is very solid, nothing cheesy here. I have the black model and the finish is excellent and after a week of use remains without a scratch. I'm very happy with this phone and would recommend it to others although I would purchase it elswhere since Amazon's supplier seems to to be getting a reputation for poor packaging and damage during shipment.

I just got this phone for international use. The first thing I notice was that the charge lasts about 8 hours, because after a full charge the phone was on low battery in the morning. This may be due to the battery needing a few full charges to get to normal.But one thing that will never get to normal is the amount of scratches on the thing, which leads me to believe that this phone was used. Even the outside screen (that shows the time) is unbelivable scratched up. Then on the inside, the buttons have several deep scratches that have taken off the paint and are down to the metal.Very obviously this phone was meant for Europe - the charger has outlet prongs that are not found in North America, and the videos the phone comes with are in German.Other than that, I have not gotten the phone to work for me with a new SIM card. I am in Mexico on Telcel, but I have known people who have the same phone here with no problems with the service.I guess once I get it to work it may be worth the [...] I spent on it, despite the fact that it looks used.

Do not order from these people!!!  Whereas it was advertised as new, a used phone arrived.  Had scratches on the inside as well as the outside.

I have had many Motorola cell phones over the years and this one by far is the worst.  I traded my razor in for the kzr and I have been disappointed ever since.  The first thing I noticed was the battery life was horrible.  It got to the point where I could only talk on the phone for 20 mins at a time.  Then I found out the only way I could talk on it was to have it plugged into the wall charger.  I went in to my provider, Verizon, and told them the problem.  They asked me to leave the phone with them and they would change out the battery.  Well come to find out they lied to me and never changed out the battery because Motorola isn't letting Verizon change out the batteries anymore.  So I had to call Motorola and let them know that my battery wasn't working.  I told them I work in the medical field and i'm on call all the time and that I had to walk away from Verizon with a phone that works.  They were no help at all.  They basically told me that they could send me a new battery in a weeks time.  I can't work without my phone so I told them there is no way that would work.  After going over and over it with them I got nothing acomplished. I'm now waiting on my battery with a phone that doesn't work. It's the worst experience i've ever had with a cell phone.  Not only am I disappointed in Motorola i'm disappointed in Verizon for not telling me the truth about the battery.  So my suggestion to you is not to buy the Kzr phone.  I've heard from many people that they are having the same battery problem and Motorola hasn't been helpful at all.

This particular unlocked version seems thinner than the ones being sold by cell phone carriers. My initial impression was this phone was very tiny. It is smaller than the RAZR V3 in overall dimensions. I use this unlocked phone with Cingular in the Los Angeles area.The good:1)Small and cool looking. Most people who have seen it seems to be enamored with its design and form factor. It is definitely an eye catcher.2)Call quality is great. The volume can be turned on VERY loud. So if you are hard of hearing or just like to hear loud voices over the phone, then this phone will probably fit the bill.3)Speaker phone. Motorola managed to incorporate a great pair of speaker phones. It is loud and clear enough to have a conference call in a small room full of people.4)Comes with more than basic ring tones. It comes with several (around 12) musical ring tones. Better yet, the ring tones comes out in a full stereo mode (or at least sounds like it).5)Camera is good (2MP). Although it will not replace your digicam, it will be more than adequate for emergency uses.6)Battery life. My informal test on this is that it can handle upto 4-5 hours of talk time.The Bad (mostly due to it is unlocked):1)You need to configure EVERYTHING on the phone. Nothing comes preconfigured. This includes the default language, time, date, voicemail, email, IM etc. This can get rather tedious since Cingular does not support unlocked phones.2)You may lose some functionalities. For example, I have noticed my web browser functionalities do not work with my cingular SIM card. This is no biggie for me since I never browse the web using my phone

I have been enjoying this phone quite a bit.  The functionality is great.  The size, the color, the feel, all really nice! K1 help on the phone is helpful, yet going on-line and looking at K1 forums even more helpful. The only issues: trying to get music on it, and to play continuously. Have downloaded update. Not sure if this will fix the problem.

I haven't even used the phone for 2 weeks yet, and it kept on shutting down, it was completely unusable. 100% disappointed. If you are smart, you shouldn't buy this phone.

This phone DOES NOT work in the US.  The phone is from Hong Kong and the software inside is for that area and networks.  I spoke directly with Motorola and they said there is nothing you can do but, return the phone.

I switched from the RAZR to the KRZR because of the more narrow design.  It's pretty much the same phone in different packaging.  I've had no problems with the KRZR.  The only complaint is that when I have it on vibrate mode and it's in my pocket, I don't feel it vibrate at all.
