
Two things about this cell phone that made me decide to go back to my old phone: (1) It gets hot after a short phone conversation; (2) The battery only lasts two days even when I don't make any phone calls. It is even worse than my old cell phone which I have used for two years.I am very disappointed with this phone and trying to return it.

it was amazing for me to deal with youi like the phone very much also the price no one can beat it

I ordered this phone a month back and just received it a few days ago.I bought it mainly for the 3G connection and the fact that it's an Nseries phone.I came from a Nokia 6230 which is a fairly small candy bar style phone so going to a bigger flip phone like the N75 is a big step.I did use a 6102i or whichever free phone cingy had at the time and my gripes are basically compared to those two phones.HATE:- Sim card access. I don't know if there's another way to do this but once you insert that SIM card, you have to have a child take it out. Almost impossible for me to grab and pull out.- Speakerphone is really low and almost inaudible even with the volume cranked up- Vibrate on the phone is really... mild. If it's in your pocket, you probably won't feel it. Especially if you're on the train, for example.- Long boot up compared to the two non Symbian phones I had.- very annoying pop port .. i didn't think it would be an issue but if you have to hold the phone with two hands to insert your headset... annoying.- no emoticons on txt messages??!!- to reply to a txt you have to hit options->reply->via txt msg. Why can't i just hit reply and go straight to the txt box?- zoom on phone takes f o r e v e r.- where is the STOPWATCH and COUNTDOWN TIMER?!- fingerprints/face prints get xfrd to phone easily- my battery life : internet use only on/off = 4-6 hours with 2 10min calls and 6hours standby; MobiRadio on speaker, continuous = 1.5hours; mixed internet, mobiradio, regular radio, phone calls, text messaging, tinkering with phone= 6 hours or so. All hours est from full charge to when the batt just dies. Includes intermittent standbys and where I just look through the phone.The charger is now tethered to my hip.Like:- really soft and big keys- ability to move around the files/ folders- Nice big screen- Video (choppy and pixelated but it will do)will con't as the months pass.....**UPDATE:-battery life has improved significantly. I still use it 13hrs a day but I now charge just once a day. And i use it more.-I also bought this primarily as an MP3 player and I'm having the same problem that I had with the 6230. The shuffle is not really a shuffle. I have about 200 songs in there and it insists on playing the same songs over and over every 10th-15th song... it seems to loop to songs I've heard already every single time.-I use the HS-31 headset that I had before and the volume is just really low. I have to roll the windows up in my car in order to carry a conversation. I thought it was just the speakerphone that had a low volume. The bluetooth earpiece was loud, though.-And finally, 3G. I found no discernable difference between EDGE and the 3G networks while downloading video or viewing webpages. Maybe it loaded up a page a few seconds faster but that was about it. Mobiradio still buffered every now and then in 3G networks so that was surprising as well.I'm still going to keep the phone, though.

I'm hardly a power-user; all I really need a phone for is for talking. Color me surprised when I forgot to charge the battery one evening and the phone died the next afternoon; I couldn't have talked more than 45 minutes in total. Simply atrocious battery life; it's far worse than my three-year-old Motorola, which it replaced. I really regret this purchase.

N75-All of the reviews I have read have been right on. I really liked this phone. It does alot. However I am now 16 months into a 24 month contract and this phone has not held up. It has never been dropped and always been in a protected case. I am a Nokia Fan. Every phone I have ever had has been a nokia (about 6 of them now). However, they have all also been candybar phones. The only draw back to this phone is that the "flip hinges are cheap" they will crack and break as mine are. Currently, mine elecrical taped together trying to wait out my contract so that I can get another phone. This time probably a Nokia 4300. Smart phone...smart of me to not get another flip phone ever. I wouldn't discourage someone from getting this phone. The features are great. Just don't buy it if you are not gentle on your phone. It wont last.

i purchased Nokia N75 phone looks good buti have big problems with battery cover and batter power!!!both are very cheap quality.i need to recharge twise in day though i talk almost 1 hour to 2 hour, and the battery removing cover is so delicate it is coming out with out my knoweledge. i would suggest better buy another phone.

Pro: many functions.con: when I inserted the Sd card into the slot under the direction (I did it very well at the first time). It was stuck in the aperture and spent a lot of time to take it out! Bad battery, I need to charge the cell every two or less days! Easily press the connection bottom accidently (Which charges me money); Cannot see the some rm form videos(can hear it).

I've been a loyal palm user for 6 years now and I've had a Tungsten 3 since they came out. That means I've had a pretty powerful handheld, but no camera or video and no Internet. I've used a V600 by T-mobile along with the palm and that has allowed me to browse the Internet with GPRS (or CSD if I want to save $) and take pictures. That being said, I can now do 95% of what I could before with the N75.First my experiences that prevent me from giving it 5 stars:1) you can't connect to CSD for data connection. This would be great so you could use phone minutes for data. or free minutes for data2) The pop port is a bit annoying and I think that the door will eventually fall off. a standard headset port or earphone port and USB would be great (see N76)3) a phone with software will have issues. Apparently this is better by far than the experiences of people I know who have smartphone WM5 or treos. But I have had moments where the person on other end cant hear me and I need to restart the phone. Granted I had 5 apps running at the time.Now the pluses:1) did you see number 3! This thing multitasks and does it very well. Much better than Palm ever did.2) SIND - speaker independent name dialing, means you don't have to train the phone for voice dialing.3) SYNCML - get a scheduleworld account

I purchased this cell phone on a recommendation from a friend.  My old super simple phone was dying, and I needed more minutes, so figured it was a good time to upgrade.Overall, I'm fairly disappointed with the phone.  Why?(1) It's bulky.  Imagine the size of a razr, but double the width(2) Battery life is poor as most have noted.  The 2 hours of talk time is probably pretty accurate.  I'm told debranding it and dropping to GSM (instead of 3g) helps, so I'll try this out soon(3) Build quality - the phone feels very cheaply built.  The hinge has a weird feel, and the battery cover always feels loose.  The phone doesn't have a 'solid' feel at all.(4) It's slooooooooow.  Menus take forever to open.  If you hit one of the soft keys to open up a text message - it takes 6-7 seconds to load.  Did you get that?  Do you have any idea how annoying it is waiting that long just to send a text message?(5) No direct option to view incoming text messages.  You have to go to messages > inbox, adding an extra keystroke(6) The navigation (left/right) buttons are cramped next to the others.  I don't have fat fingers by any means, but quickly hitting left or right without accidentally hitting hte menu keys is damn near impossible.Overall, the S60 platform just feels really slow on this phone.  I tried running Smart2Go (Nokia Maps), and found it almost unusable because of how long it takes for the map to redraw.I'm not really sure why people want smart phones so much.  You'll hardly end up using any of the features and just end up with a bulky phone.  Either go all out with something that has QWERTY and a big screen and huge processor, or stick with a simple phone that is lightweight, quick and responsive.

Horrible battery life..Pls dont buy this phone. .Battery life sucks big time..I asked amazon for replacement with another phone within the warranty period. But they did not do that. There are many phone better than this. Sincere advice ..dont go for this.

I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare. A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died. The screen became while-blank without any functions as any normal cell phone should display when the battery was charging. No matter how long you charged the battery, the screen became black after a few seconds. I called the Nokia for repair and they sent me a new battery. However, nothing changed - the phone did not work. I sent my phone to them. They checked the phone and returned it back without doing anything except upgrade the software of the phone. They said nothing was wrong with the phone. Again nothing changed - it did not work.  I called them again for solution. And they required to send the phone again. Since every time I send the phone I need to pay shipping. It is ridiculous that I pay the shipping and send the phone and they return it doing nothing and say nothing wrong with the phone. I bought numerical phones and Nokia is the worst not only the product but service. I won't purchase Nokia any more.

I am a techy on a budget, and was hoping to get the most of a phone for a one-time cost without having to pay additional monthly fees.  I was very happy with the N75 for the first 5 days, when it worked.The first phone had a faulty battery cover, and before I got a chance to exchange it, the battery fell out in my purse and was no longer functional, and I couldn't even turn the phone on or charge it. (This turned into a horrible experience with the warranty department as well as asurion insurance, since I was told it didn't count as warranty error because there may be physical damage...from my purse...but that's another review altogether.)Then I received my replacement, which again was a pretty good phone for both weeks.  I never once dropped it, never sat on it, never did ANYTHING that I'm aware of to harm it, and literally overnight, the screen shattered.  I set my alarm, put it on the bedside table, and went to bed with a functional phone.  I woke up and the screen was shattered with a clear focal point that to my knowledge had never been touched, making me believe that the phone must be extremely sensitive to damage; the only other option I can come up with is that my purse or bedside table are possessed.  So the screen broke, and then STILL without any physical beatings that I'm aware of, after a few days the functionality of the address book stopped working - I had to dial in the number to call anyone.  Also it no longer with answer consistently, or end calls consistently.  (And again with stupid warranty, they said it had to be physical damage so the warranty wouldn't cover it - which means that, within 2 months of getting this phone, I've had less than 1 month of working phone, and my insurance for the year is completely used up - if the next one doesn't work, I have to buy the new phone on my own dime even though I tried my hardest to take care of my phones).The battery life is horrible, but this wouldn't bother me so much if it gave enough warning - after the first warning beep, you have about a minute to frantically find a charger and plug it in before inadvertently ending your call.  The music player goes off constantly when in my pocket or purse (although that's partly my fault for not remembering to lock the phone regularly).  The placement of the camera button is awful, and I generally take several pictures on accident per phone call.  I have to buy the crappy proprietary headphones to use with the music player, or if you choose a wired headset.  The picture quality is really bad, no matter how many pixels they claim.  And of course, most importantly from my experience, these phones tend to break unexpectedly in ways that the warranty will not cover.  I love Nokias, but I hate this demon phone.Bottom line - don't buy this phone.  There are plenty of phones with the same capabilities and better functionality that actually work...

The big problem with this phone, and why I ultimately returned it, is that the external buttons cannot be disabled.  As a result, when the phone has only mild pressure on it (e.g. in my pocket), the display lights up and the battery wears down.  I think if phone manufacturers want the outsides of their phones to bristle with buttons, there needs to be a combination in which they are pushed that takes the phone out of standby.  Personally I would prefer to open my phone, activate the mp3 player, then shut it and have it work until some inactivty timeout.  There's no need to have this thing running around being active all the time when I'm not using it.Before I purchased this phone, I downloaded the manual and found a feature where standby mode could be disabled, whatever that means.  I was hoping that was what I was looking for.  However when I got the phone home I found that the software was a different version in many ways and that the manual was the wrong one.  The settings are completely reorganized.I also have trouble with the flat buttons - hard to work.The pop port is a pain for a headset.The system boots with incredible slowness.These I could have lived with however.General rant about cellphone manufacturers: The thing I most want in a phone (and why I bought a Nokia) is that I am hoping for good receiver technology.  When are phone companies going to remember that a phone should first and foremost be a phone, and start publishing the specs on the receiver and competing on them?  And competing on just being a phone?  Frills are nice, but what about the phone part?  Duh.

This is the best phone that you can get for AT&t for this money. But make sure that you order a memory card and an extra charger. The batter drains very fast when connected to the net. My previous cell was a nokia 6682 so I'm used to a much better battery life. It's also annoying that you can't listen to the FM radio via bluetooth. But I love this phone

I've had this phone for a year now and still absolutely love it. It has been such a huge improvement in all ways compared to the motorolla I had previously. I tote this thing around in my pocket, which certainly isn't the  best way to go, but it has held up marvelously. The finish on the outside is still flawless, the buttons inside and out still shine. Call quality is great, I haven't had any issues with battery time, I generally charge it nightly but occasionally skip a day and don't have any problems. I love the keypad on this phone, the buttons are big and smooth, I have large hands and can text at the speed of light with this phone, just quickly sliding my thumb over the smooth surface of the keys and giving the slightest press to each before moving on. My favorite feature of course is that it uses the Symbian OS so there are lots and lots of options for software add-ons for this phone. From file managers, to personal accounting programs. My most used add-ons are e-book readers. I've packed a slew of e-books onto the memory card and have something to read no matter where I am.My only complaints about this phone are the music player that I never use and can't get rid of, that gets activated fairly often by the keys on the outside of the phone. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be a way to automatically lock these keys when the flip is closed. You have to use the power button and then scroll down to choose the key lock, a hassle to do every time.All-in-all a wonderfully solid, quality, useful phone with open ended possibilities for features to add-on. I am hoping this one lasts me for years to come, as I think I'd be hard pressed to find a better flip phone out there.

I got this phone as a gift from my then BF, now husband. Within 5 months, I've had 3 replacements of this phone. It freezes whenever it pleases, pardon the rhyming, half the time I'd seem like a prank caller because the person I'm calling could not hear me. It's embarrassing especially when I call the church or work or some random store. The only thing that can fix the prob is to turn the phone off then on again, which can be a real hassle when you're in a hurry or if you have an emergency. Sadly, my latest unit is still defective, I'm so tired of calling customer service and all the shipping bruhaha to get another phone that could be worse than the one I'd be sending back. Buy at your own risk.

I'm glad it wasn't only me who dislike the phone!!1) SOOOO SLOW! There have been many situations where I had to reply to someone immediately (both phone and text) but the phone didn't respond quick enough. It has such a weird delayed reaction! I'm talking delayed as in up to 30secs!2)Freezes. A LOT.3)Just plain ugly. I went from Razr to this. The phone seemed so thick! And did I mention it's ugly?4)Buttons on front get pushed accidentally while in backpack. I'm not sure if there is a way to lock the three front keys, but I never figured out how to. The phone comes with this weird song, and that song would play when the middle front button was pushed. Almost got my phone taken away at school many times.

This is my first "smart phone", I did a lot of research and got really excited about getting it.  I read the good and the bad, but in my opinion, this phone is fantastic.  I love the design, the clean touch panel inside the clamshell, and the texture of the exterior.  It is very, very customizable with ring tones, photos as screensavers, and having as many 2G microSD cards as you want, loaded with music or pics, can create a very usable personal device.  I sync it up to my Outlook everyday to have reminders about appointments and other important plans that I might run late for or forget about within my busy schedule.  I LOVE THIS PHONE!  I know the N95 has a lot of billboard advertising this season, and I hope people discover Nokia's efforts to create a great line of products!

After using this phone for 2 months, I've come to the realization that this unit is seriously flawed:- screen blanks out- phone shuts off unexpectedly- battery gets hot after minimal use.In addition, I would caution new purchasers to return their phone before the 30-day period. Otherwise, you're stuck with this piece of junk.

As someone who'd been a die-hard Nokia user for years, I was really looking forward to (finally!) getting a 3G phone from Nokia. However, upon trying it out and using it, I quickly sent it back. Here's why:- It's too big. Also having come from the 6230 (which was an amazing phone in its own right), this thing was just mammoth. Even folded, you can barely get it into your pocket, and unfolded, it's enormous. Even unfolding it is a chore.- It feels cheap. The rubberized plastic coating is destined to rub off, and the battery cover on the back is barely held on by a small plastic tab. While the main numeric keys were large, they don't have any distinctive feel, which makes touch-typing kinda hard. In addition, the D-pad keys are too small and too close to the menu and music keys. I repeatedly went into the music menu when I meant to hit "right."- The camera, well, sucks. I took a few pictures in lighted and dim conditions and they were grainy and poorly white balanced. You have to wait too long for the flash to kick in and it's pretty much useless anyway. Add in the fact that the lens is rather stupidly placed on the bottom of the phone, and it's rather disappointing overall.- It was too complicated. As others have mentioned here, basic navigation involved too many steps for simple items like replying and whatnot.As for the battery life, I never even really got that far as the other issues turned me off so much. Considering you have to spend two years with one of these things, you better really like it or just send it back and get something you love. For those that did get this phone, try turning the 3G access from "when available" to "when needed." I've heard that really helps.I returned this phone (thanks Amazon for a fairly easy return process) and got the Blackberry Curve instead. Love it. I don't even miss the 3G.

I had to pay just $[...] after mail in rebates for this phone and this phone all the features I want. It syncs up with outlook, has nice internet browser interface and many other nifty features. It also calls out the name entered in the address book when you receive a call. I am very happy with this phone.Only caution to use is, if you are buying this phone from Amazon, please be prepared to wait for nearly 2 weeks till you get the phone. I think it takes some time for Amazon to pass all your info to cellular company and mail the device after getting an approval.

I've been looking for a phone that worked well with my Mac.  I use Macs for both home and business and need to synchronize my contacts and calendar with my mobile phone.  All other mobiles I've tried and used (not too extensive but quite a few) either don't sync at all or truncate my data after synchronization or even worse, they truncate then reformat the data and it corrupts the data on my Mac.  Frustrated after many attempts to find the right phone, I came across the Nokia N75 on a Mac web site and learned that Nokia advocates working with iSync (Mac's built-in synchronization tool) and even provides drivers for the phone to be used on the Mac with iSync.All in all, I found that the N75 not only keeps ALL of my data from my calendar items (iCal) and Address Book but synchronizing is really simple and painless.  Using the phone is a bit more comprehensive and took some getting use to but once I learned how to use it, I can't be happier with the phone.The only drawback this phone has is its short battery life.  I found that on a full charge, I can get maybe 2 hours of talk time in a day and by 5:00 PM, I'm needing to charge the phone again.  So, I'm on a search for high-capacity batteries or stand-alone battery chargers so I can keep spare batteries handy.  I'm also making sure I have chargers available too so I can keep it charged.  I have a charger at home, one in my laptop bag and one in my car so for now, I just need to be sure before I take a call that I'm not shy of battery power.Nice work Nokia but please beef up the battery solution!  THANKS!

This phone leaves much to be desired.  However, Amazon.com initiated a replacement for me when my carrier refused becase I didn't buy it from them.  The replacemtent is better but not by much.  Nokia has some work to do on this model.

I bought 2 PCs and I'm not happy with them. I use Nokia phones from last 10 years. this is the worst handset I ever had. battery goes off so quickly, many times it becomes very hot while talking. speaker quality is very bad. sound clarity worst. lock, unlock feature is not very useful. if you lock the phone and give your kid, if the kid opens the flip it unlocks automatically. availability of batteries for this phone in retail store is very difficult. you have to order online. if you click on the back button on the flip it starts searching music even though no music is loaded. This phone has more annoying features than useful features.

For all those u have been having problems with the phone turning ON when in your pocket and who din know how to lock your keys that are outside...here is the solution... when u press the power button u get an option to lock keypad... select to lock the keypad and that way you dont have to worry about battery draining when in your pocket... i do accept the fact that the battery life on the N75 is not as great as any other Nokia phone... But I thot locking the phone in my pocket saves me a lot of battery... I charge my phone everyday :(... But overall it is an excellent phone...U dont get such a good phone being offered by any provider for FREE...

At first I believed that Nokia has the abality to make one of the greatest pnones out there, but this product has proved me wrong. Sure, at first it looks great, the interface and all that, but as time goes by, more and more defects start to show up. The biggest problem with this phone is the sim card luck can't securely keep the sim card in place so everytime when I try to start the phone it just kept giving me this error message" start up failure, please contact retailer", which drove me nuts!!Imaging everytime when you turn on the phone it's like a gambling, you might get it you might not. Secondly, this phone has the shortest battery life I have ever seem in my life. The battery was brand new and I had to charge every single day. The web indicates this battery suppose to have a stand by time of 8 hours, believe me, it was more like 4 hours, so once you start to talk, it dies out in about an hour. This is a terrible phone!

Pros:Really cool phone. Nice OS with amazing tabbed display option.Battery is not bad if not great.I changed the packet option to 'when needed' from 'always' which helps the batteryNice music playerCons:OS is a bit slow. Response sometimes a but sluggish.had some issues with real player files not workingagain as i said battery is not great... dont xpect 3 days widout charging...

Here's why it gets five stars based, again, on its SPECS and FEATURES, and compared to hands on experience with Sony Ericsson's latest w810i, LG CU500, Samsung SYNC and Mot's KRAZR:It's made by the most trusted cell phone manufacturer - NokiaIt doesn's cost $500 bucks, like the ipod/cingular entry will next month. It's $50 bucks through Amazon/Cingular.It has stereo bluetooth transmissions (A2DP). w810 does not-most other cell phone music players do not, though they do have bluettooth, they are not stereo bluetooth enabledN75 has the latest version of bluetooth, 2.0, allowing for multiple items to paired simultaneously, and hopefully creating better connections than bluetooth 1.2, which the other music phones have.It has exterior music controls that are bigger and easier to operate than than the LG CU500, Samsung SYNC and especially the MOT Krazr verizon version (which are not buttons but which you slide your fingers across. They look cool, but are repeatedly by many users, hard to operate)It's exterior controls allow you to start the MP3 player without opening the clamshell.It's exterior display shows a playlist in a lateral fashion, like a streaming stock market ticker, making for intuitive use of the exterior playlist scroll button (positioned laterally and directing you as a backward/forward button which it doubles as within play mode of a song). CU500 has this scroll function, as does sync and perhaps the others, but on that small exterior display its setup for a vertical scroll on a harder to use, horizontally oriented button.There is an an eight band graphic equalizer that lets you set each frequency range manually to your taste, allows you to create presets of these settings and which allows you to take one of the equalizers other  standard settings and customize and save it (you want more base on the preset pop music setting? add it and save and you still have the phones original pop setting as well)N75 has a 2 mp camera; a step up from cu500's 1.3 and beating or matching Sync, Krazr, w810The N75 camera is oriented just like a digital camera, besting the cu500 and others, or matching the others.The interior display measures 2.4 inches, bigger than candybar displays on others.The memory card, which music lovers will likely swap with frequency, is on the phones exterior. CU500's is behind the battery and really does require the use of tweezers or needlenose pliers to get it out. Ball point pens don't even do it on the cu500.AN IMPORTANT CAUTION:While the N75 is rated for a 2 gigabyte micro sd memory card, as is the cu500, and the others, the other phones will not read 2 gb cards, but usually read the 1 gb cards well.If N75 reads a 2 gb memory card, it's a hands down winner because you won't have to swap out cards so often. Remember, its the memory capacity from one mp3 player and ipod to the next that you pay more money for.

If you have owned other older nokia's, pre N-series, then you will love this phone.  Its everything the old phones were, durable, easy to use, with basic to premium functionality and low cost.This phone is always compared to the N-95 which is ridiculous. this want meant to be the super phone, it was designed for a above average consumer who wants the nokia style phone with some premium fucntionality.Pro's> The camera is great, for a camera-phone, 2MP ain't bad for the spur of the moment pics.> The screens are amazing with vibrant colors and smooth transitions. the whole OS and software is beautiful.> Great Music - The music can be played with the phone closed, its easy to use, equalizer, playlists, etc. Easy to use too.> Memory card - You can insert a microSD card giving this phone up to 2GB of memory for all your music, pics, backup, video, etc.> Under $200 for a smart phone!  iPhone will be over $500 and with nokia you know its gonna last.> Solid Casing, it feels strong and durable, like it will last. Similar size to the Razor but more class, strength and functionality.> So far my 3rd party apps all work well - gmail, google maps, opera...not to many pop-ups asking for permission....lots of memory for all the apps you wish.Cons> The biggest complaint i have is that you can just use your standard headphones with the phone. But for $30 you can buy the adapter that lets you use any standard headphones, but they should just have a standard headphone port.> my bluetooth headeset(jabra 250) hasn't worked too well thus far. doesn't react to the phone as my old nokia did (6102i).  But it seems to be working better lately, not sure if its an incompatibility issue or what.> Voice-recognition - so far its worthless - it can read your contacts names but it nevers gets what i said right.  i liked the voice tags they had on my old nokia 6102i.  this issue could be associated with my bluetoth headset as thats when i use the speed voice dialing.

Once again, for some reason, Cingular got it all wrong.They called this phone a 'Music Phone' and doomed it to a limited release.Lucky for us, this means we get to profit from it!  I got this phone for $9.98 at Amazon (they even threw in free standard shipping) and get unlimited internet on this SMARTPHONE for only $19.99/mo (MediaMax200 plan, also includes 200 txt and 200 multimedia and unlimited Cingular Video); most SMARTPHONEs in Cingular's lineup require a much higher cost PDA package, but since they think this is a 'Music Phone' you can use the standard package....Also, as this is only a 'Music Phone', it is fully covered under their insurance package, most other phones equivalent to this one are completely non-covered.Now, for the phone itself:PROS:~ Looks ~ I get a LOT of comments on it, very conservative, but can be made very playful very easily.Nokia N75 colorful abstract Gel skin n75-g5~ Main Screen ~ Absolutely beautiful, huge screen, and can be seen even in direct sunlight well enough to read.  Even works in landscape mode.~ Flip Screen ~ As good as most of the screen on the INSIDE of other cell phones, and can actually be used to read txt messages, as the camera viewfinder, calender, and music player... very very cool.~ External Buttons ~ All very functional, and cover a wide spectrum of use without bothering to open the cover... I can, for example, completely reset my camera settings from here.~ Internet ~ Surf the full internet (not the Wap Version) on a flip phone, and do it without paying iPhone prices?  Incredible.~ Symbian ~ The operating system is smooth, fast, and secure... more importantly, I have found very useful applications all over the place for free.~ Everything Else ~ Simply put, I could go on forever, text messaging is fast, camera is excellent, has BOTH bluetooth and infrared, and has it all in a package only slightly thicker than a RAZR.  Most importantly, not only is this phone completely customizable (even the fonts) but all of these features are simple to use!  On the RAZR V3xx, for example, try using Voice Dialing... you have to hit the button, say 'voice dial', then say the name, then 'yes'.... here, I hit the button, bark out the name, and it dials... just like it was meant to.CONS:Nothing is perfect, but this is close...~ Battery Life ~ If you play a game for an hour or so, then text message some friends, spend some time on the phone, and play around on the internet (be an average power user), you will need to charge this phone EVERY NIGHT... might even spend some time with it dead in your pocket.  This ONLY happens to power users, if you are buying this as a phone, you will have no problems.~ Stereo Bluetooth ~ Phone did not come with Stereo Bluetooth support, which was stated by the company as due to the release time constraints, and is supposed to come out in a firmware update... no idea when.All in all?  This phone is a must... I can't wait for them to announce the firmware update, and, even though I like a thin phone, I would have much preferred a larger battery in this.  Even with those issues, there is no other phone on the market that I would rather have for the money, and even beats out many much more expensive phones as well.

This is by far the worst cell phone I ever had.  I ordered it from Amazon in May of '07 I had to send it back becuase it used to over-heat after just 5 minutes of use, I also heard a very high pitch noise when in use.  They sent me a replacement and I was stuck with it as it was past the 30 day return period.  The issues were the same with the replacement phone.  Last week the flip portion of the telephone cracked from normal use.  I have never dropped the phone and I was always extra careful with it.I am not going to buy another Nokia phone, ever!! Very flimsy product and bad warranty through Nokia.

I'll start off by saying that I am NOT a phone junkie.  I normally just pick up whatever phone is free when I renew my service contract. There was a fantastic deal on this phone and it offered so much that I decided to put in a couple of bucks to pick it up.I use the phone as a phone - rarely use the internet and had no interest in using it as an MP3 player.  That said, I have uploaded a number of MP3s to this phone to use as ring tones and was surprised by how great they sounded.  The speakers are loud and the songs sound great.The call quality is amazing - best on any mobile phone I've ever used or owned.  When calls come in, it does a great job of minimizing background noise (I was in a very loud environment and my husband called me - he commented on how clear my call was and that he couldn't even hear the background noise.)I love how easy it is to manage minor tasks without flipping the phone open.  The screen is stunning, the menus are quick and responsive. I charge the phone every 2 or 3 days (again, I'm not using the internet, camera, mp3 player or games very frequently, but I do use them on occasion.) I lock the keypad and have not had issues with anything starting up and running on its own yet.  While I appreciate blue tooth technology, I'm happy that this phone also has the option for a port for a Nokia wire headset so there are even fewer worries about draining batteries. I do sync my phone up with Outlook - this phone seems to sync much better than any other phone I have previously owned.Overall, I'm very satisfied with this phone and I would recommend it to others who are looking for a phone that happens to have some other cool features.

I ordered my first N75 about a month ago. I liked it at first until about two weeks later when it started having problems. The first problem was there was no caller id data on my external screen. I later found out that downloaded themes won't display this information on the external screen. So I had to use the Nokia or AT&T; theme in order to get caller id. No big deal. About a week later I set the phone on my desk, inserted the charger and left it there for a few hours. When I returned I noticed a big black spot on my external screen. I could see it even with the phone turned off. It looked like a quarter sized ink spot. When I turned the phone on the external screen was all jumbled with lines running across it and a big black spot. So I returned it. Now I had phone #2. The first thing I did was to put in the SIM card and battery and plugged in the charger. Nothing happened. I noticed a slight buzzing sound coming from the charger and it got really hot. I tried another outlet and nothing happened. The screen on my phone said "Not Charging". I plugged the charger into the first phone that was waiting to be returned and the same thing happened, "Not Charging" msg appeared. I switched the two phones batteries and the same thing happened. I think it was a faulty charger that shorted out both phone batteries and also fried my SIM card. I had to go to an AT&T; store to get a new SIM card. So that phone got returned and now I have phone #3. So far so good...I really do like this phone when it's working. It's a nice looking phone that's very customizable. My only complaints so far would be that the top buttons are too close together and hard to push without pushing another one. Also the place where the SIM card goes is in a bad spot. I need tweezers to remove it. The battery seems a little weak. I need to charge it daily even after I set the packet data to "when needed". Also if I use a downloaded theme I have to sacrifice the caller id on the external screen to do so.

I have got it for two days and think I should try to stop others make the same mistake.The phone is good looking, I mean the big display, camera and music........however, the battery life is too short,even I don't make many calls, not to mention I haven't used any web browsing, vedio etc fancy functions. Becareful if you want to buy this phone.

This phone has an incredible camera (2mp) the video recording is splendid. The texting is a little difficult to get used to but after a little while you get the hang of it. The battery life is incredible, one charge can last two days. The speaker phone during a call is very loud and clear sounding. The music player is one of the best I've ever had on a phone.I highly recommend this phone.

The first thing you should do when you get this phone is change the packet data from "when available" to "when needed".This is done by going to settings-->config-->connection-->packet dataThis will solve the battery complaints posted by others. I can get ~2.5 days on a single charge.I have had 3 long weeks to use and abuse the features of this phone.Size wise: If you have a problem putting this phone in your pocket, get some looser fitting pants. People are probably seeing more than your phone bulging if this is the case.Buttons: The whole keypad is spacious including the D-pad. I have large hands and find the tactility of the buttons to be high and are very easy for texting. The keypad buttons even tilt a little and make it easy to slide your hand around during fast texting/e-mailing.Camera: Not a strong point. In some situations there is a green tint to the photos. The camera works best outside in sunlight and will produce pictures acceptable for a 5x7 with no green tint.Operating system: Strong point of this phone big time. The Symbian S60 OS is the most customizable OS I have ever seen. Honestly, if there is something you want to customize you can probably do it. It may take a few days to get used to Symbian S60 but after that you won't look back. The availability of 3rd party programs is endless. I recommend Smart2go & Handy Alarm. Don't tell AT&T; but this is actually a smartphone and has all the PIM features you need. Syncs with Outlook much easier/faster than Activesync and Windows mobile. It is also very easy to setup your e-mail accounts on the phone.Media features: A pop-port to 3.5 or 2.5mm headphone jack is available online for $5-8, or Nokia's version for a bit more. It is worth the investment because the media player + a 2gb MicroSD has replaced my iPod nano. AT&T; left Nokia's Music player on the phone and it is the best phone media player I have ever used. The built in speakers are loud, I mean insanely loud. I can turn it to 11 and it will drown out the TV and hurt my ears from 5 feet away. Once adjusting the EQ the sound quality improves. They are slighty tinny but not as bad as you expect.Screens: Both screens are amazing. The inside screen is very crisp and does not wash out in direct sunlight. The outside is very functional and often times allows me to not flip open the phone for a lot of features.Web: Use Nokia's web browser and not the Media Net one. It is a full feature browser and displays webpages just like a computer. It does not go to the mobile phone web but the actual web. Very amazing and far superior to Mobile IE.Call Quality: Very clear and have yet to drop a call. I found myself calling people just to hear the call quality the first few days. I couldn't believe the clarity. Speakerphone is very loud via those little speakers on the back.I would recommend this phone for anyone looking for a phone with some PDA functionality. The multimedia features just add to the functionality of the Symbian OS.Every phone has its flaws and I find this phone to possess very few after fixing the battery issue and customizing it a bit.

I have this phone for past 3 months. I have some weakness for flap phones and this was best available for free after signing 2 years contract. I was happy to see it when I received it but after 3 months I came across many flaws some are related to design and other related to software which makes it so annoying at many times. I ignored others reviews when I was buying it but I think people shouldnt make the same mistake as others did.. Thats why for the first time I am writing a review on Amazon for this product. there are certain things which I are terribly annoying and specific to this particular phone as I had many other models of Nokia and  other companies but never had the type of problems which I faced with this one..1) This phone many times doesnt play the ringtone when you have an incoming call. So you have to keep it on vibration always .. You are going to miss the call if you are in some party or traveling..2) Response time from keypad sound and typing of any Unknown number you want to call is terribly big.. It just annoys me and I clicked off keypad sound which I would have kept otherwise.3) Now screen of this crappy mobile goes off when i disconnect any call  because of this I cant redial or connect another call unless I close the flap. Its damn annoying when you get a call waiting and want that person to be on hold..4) The option of keeping different ring tones for different persons doesnt work with this phone as it doesnt play ringtones many times and if at all it plays them than it plays some other tone..5) Its so difficult to attach handsfree or music headphone to the mobile.. you will always feel that you will break some other delicate part while connecting them.. if you want to buy this mobile and listen to music thn you should have bluetooth headphone..There are some positives..1) Sound quality is impressive2) Camera works fine3) style is goodI would recommend against buying this phone.. Its damn annoying at times.. well make your own decision..

Nokia N75 is a member of the Nokia N-series.  It is a smart phone based on "Symbian S60" operating system, supporting various application programs, like Microsoft Office document viewer, PDF viewer, web browser, enamel client, photograph editor and video and many others.The operating system is fast and secure, with many useful applications all over the internet for free.The external Buttons cover a wide range of functions without the need to open the cover.The Nokia N-75 has a digital music player with play list capability and equalizer, to play music in all audio formats.  The Nokia N-75 has a 2 megapixel camera with 16x digital zoom and LED flash, and MPEG-4 video recording capabilities at 15fps. The still pictures and the video recordings are very satisfactory.The Nokia N-75 is full of useful efficient features, but it has two main cons:- It does not come with Bluetooth support, and- The Battery Life is really short and some times it is frustrating.

I bought this with AT&T; 2 yr contract. It is 1 yr and 3 months now. I am completely disappointed with this entire deal. I have used, Sony Erricson T610 + TMobile, Nokia 6600 + TMobile, and Moto Razr V3 + TMobile, in the past. So, I've those experiences in my mind while commenting on this.Pros:1. Maps - nice. Nokia maps was the only non-trivial app that I found useful. But then again, it is not a singular characteristic to N75!2. Text to Speech - quite helpful. This speaks out the caller's name.3. Sound volume - very good - whether it was through the earpiece or the speaker. Much better than my other non-Nokia phones.One may wish to include such features as, pdf reader, flash player, real player, FM radio, Lifeblog, 3D Tones, ...as pros. But frankly, I never used them. Hence, to me they are all superfluous.Cons:1. Power consumption / battery life - simple horrible. The new battery used to last only about 90 minutes of talktime. Now it hardly lasts 15 minutes!! With only 1 yr of nokia warranty, I am stuck with this power hungry brick for another 9 months!2. Reception quality - I don't know if this should be blamed on AT&T; but I did experience a decent number of dropped calls.3. Bluetooth - The 'file transmission' mode for bluetooth stopped working after few months. The hands-free mode, thankfully, works still.4. Camera - for a 2 MP camera it sucked!5. Flip fold - flimsy. Actually I am surprised that it has lasted this long. It feels as if it can come apart any day.6. 3G - lets face it, for voice transmission this is useless. Those with "data transmission" needs might have found some use of it. But with no way to turn off 3G, the battery life was greatly reduced.7. Weight - on the higher end of the scale.8. Firmware - Nokia, after having realized the "bastard" nature of this product, abandoned it. No updates, no improvements.All in all, this was an extremely cheap stint at a poorman's smartphone in US. I can ascribe call quality to AT&T.; But for others, it is Nokia to blame. This will certainly not satisfy a smartphone customer. This will also not satisfy a (regular) non-smartphone customer. This phone is for no one!What I learnt? Even Nokia can produce worthless products. For the future: I'll switch back to TMobile (or Verizon) and hunt a phone for its core purpose and not for fancy features!

We bought 2 of these because they have the best range for our home in Maine in the summer. The back of mine would not stay on. When I called, they said that the replacement phone was a skelaton and did not include the back... How can a phone not include the back that goes over the phone? I called Nokia and they sent me a new back ( I am still waiting, it takes 7 - 10 days) I called them back and offered to purchase a back and have it sent overnight. They do not HAVE THAT CAPABILITY!!! Nokia? The phone company? My new phone is scotched taped... Meanwhile, my husbands back would not go on after I removed it while speaking to the Nokia people after removing the battery.I went to the AT&T store and the salesman told me that the backs bend the prongs on the "skeleton of the phone" when the back is pushed too hard to lock it... Not part of the phone huh? I cannot get anyone to do anything. I have 1 1/2 years left on the contract with 2 backs taped to phones... When the new back comes in, maybe it will fit... maybe not. Do not buy it. Nokia insists that they have never seen this happen... AT&T service person says it happens all of the time but they will not do anything...

I had the N75 about two weeks and here is my report:o I find the loose-fitting lid an irritant.  Maybe other(')s don't.o Mine doesn't make any funny internal sounds.o Mine doesn't get hot.o Mine doesn't drop calls.o No stero bluetooth.o Mine seems to do a good job of voice recognition.o It bluetooths to my Moto H500 quickly, and the voice recognition worksfine there also.o The surface does soak up finger prints.o The display screens are spectacular.o I like the large buttons on the key pad.o Large screen, large buttons = large phone, I guess.o The battery goes flat pretty fast (one day), but I'm constantlyplaying with the phone.  Maybe when the newness wears off, It'lldo better.o The pop-port is a pain; also, they should have put it on the topor bottom.o Transferring pictures, music and application using the pop-portis a breeze.  It's quicker than screwing with the microSD.o Speaker are loud enough.o Being able to load different application is neat.o The pictures seem plenty sharp for a 2 Mega-pixel. If you blow themup, they become pixelated (see submitted pictures).o I'm going to keep it and hope for a battery solution, or learn tolive with it.

I live in Tempe, near the phoenix area, and I have just bought the N75. There are some issues for this phone that seems specific to the phoenix area, as follows:1. Upon restarting the phone it shows "startup failed, contact the retailer"I contacted the customer support today regarding the failed startup, when they gave me a workaround:-You can start the phone up by tapping the End key at the Cingular fireball logo during the startup, (or interrupt the startup at cingular logo), which boots around the scripting.2. Upon starting up like this, you will not be able to access certain menu items like Clock and Settings -> config.The customer support said that this is a known issue and that they are working on it to provide a firmware update which would be sent to the phones. They said they do not know the release date as to when it will be available, and we could know more in the coming weeks. It might go more than one month, as it is still in the developmental stage.Now, there is a way to get around menu access problems without doing a reset of the phone. Go to the offline mode, and try accessing the menus.. It works!! Now when you come back to the normal(online) mode, they are still available... as long as you dont restart the phone! Also, the menus will work only once you actually access those menus from the offline mode, and later come back to online.Basically, you DONT need to reset/remove the battery of your phone, that leads to data loss...So, I guess we will have to live with these workarounds/issues until AT&T; provides us with an update! People outside the phoenix area shouldnt have these probs.Apart fromt his, everything is nice in the phone.. The display screens, the music and the video mode are all spectacular, but the Camera images doesnt come up to W810i. One slight issue is that you need tweezers to take out the sim card.

This is the worst phone I've ever used.1. It loses calls. A lot of important calls came in but it did not ring or show missed calls.2. The flip portion of the telephone cracked after 1 month. Amazon won't replace it because it was right after 30 days. Nokia will not fix it for hardware problem. Now, after 3 months of normal use, the display is coming off as well.3. The phone turns itself off randomly. I have become so paranoid now and have to check the status of phone very frequently.4. If you still decide to buy one, prepare 3 chargers. One in the office, one at home and a car charger. The battery will not last for even one day.

I am using this phone since more than one year now. This is my first Nokia phone. And I was having great expectations from Nokia as I have got very positive reviews from my other friends and relatives though they were about Nokia as a brand and not this phone.But this phone is very disappointing. Battery life of this phone is so bad that I need to recharge this phone everyday even if usage is low. And camera is though 2 MP, quality of pictures is very bad. And it has lot of software problems too. Phone front navigation buttons for music player is not consistent and sometimes even after pressing the keys many times it does not respond.I still have a high regard for Nokia but not this phone. It may be one of the bad model Nokia is having. I will probably give a try to another Nokia phone in future.

I waited for this phone for a long time and finaly it came out.  Just about everthing is greath with the phone all of the apps and features are great. The olny real downside is the battery life if nokia just fixes that problem then this phone will easly be a 5.  Oh and one more thing, if you have sideburns WATCH OUT! Your hair will get caught between the internal display and the frame around it.  I just order some screen protectors and hopefully that will close the gap.

The reviews here are all positive, so let me temper the mood a bit.  I like Nokia phones, but there are some frustrating issues with this phone:-mediocre image quality (odd lens issues)-- and they stress the camera features in the description-mediocre battery life-NO headphone jack, Yes, you read it correctlyTheir are many good web reviews by magazines easily found online for this phone:  they give it between 6-7 out of 10 stars/points etc.

Have been using this phone for almost 1 year, can't bear with it anymore so it deserves my first product review.Do NOT buy it.I use it everyday as a PHONE so my review is based on this basic feature.1) Phone speaker is the worst part. There is large echo every time you speak. When this happened, you have to repeat what you said cuz the other side can't hear you! It is very annoying and drives me crazy.2) Time to time, when I picked up the phone, ppl on the other side can't hear me (I can hear them)! I had to power off and on the phone.3) NOKIA used to be good at signal reception. But this phone is not.4) Heavy.5) Bad battery, I removed almost all unnecessary programs, still need to recharge everyday. Battery life is far below the product description claimed.

Likes:-WMA Player, all my files are in WMA format, now i truly have a music player-FM Radio, for the times i dont want to listen to music-Camera provides the best picture out there for a phone-Big phone, i dont like small ones with small buttons-No need to carry a mp3/ipodDislikes:-Voice activated dialing is HORRIBLE. my old motoKRZR worked perfect-Extremely low battery time, someone please figure this out, i charge my phone at night and at 4pm everyday-Slow startup timeOVERALL: Buy this phone if you're like me and like bigger phones with great music/media access.  Buy the SOny Erricson W18i if you want a smaller phone with nearly the same function.  Or wait for the iphone June 29th.-The cingular/ATT Service is not as good as Verizon my old provider in the northwest

Yeah it has a lot of features, but like others have said its battery is crappy, but also the construction is cheap and the camera doesn't take good pictures.  I bought it mainly because I was expecting a fairly decent camera and I'm disappointed.Don't drop it either, I dropped mine and there is a huge crack in the hinge, not something that can be repaired.Oh and this is the second one, the first one I had to return because it was malfunctioning. I wish they had given me something different in return.

I hesitated to abandon my Nokia candy bar phone.  It was so easy to pull out and use.  But I needed an FM radio, and when this combination radio/phone came out I jumped ship.  It's thin for a flip.  Pocketable (which is how I usually carry mine).I'm pleased with the N75.  I use it primarily as a phone, messaging device, and radio.  Which is a polite way of confessing that I am still a luddite when compared to some of the electronic whizzes out there.  Still, here are my thoughts:POP port:  My initial hate of the POP port has converted to love.  I like how it blocks dirt and lint, and adds sleekness to the phone.  My headset stays firmly attached, even when I stick the phone in my pocket with the cord attached.Camera: lower color quality than I expected.  It's really just a party-cam in the grand scheme of things over here.  And even then, there's a long delay between pressing the button and image capture.Radio:  Love the FM radio.  All phones should have it.  I can listen to morning NPR on the train now.  And my gym requires an FM radio for the television audio.Also:  made in Finland . . . just like old times.

I purchased this phone new through AT&T.; It has functioned flawlessly for as long as I have owned it, with one big exception.Pros:Good responsiveness.You can open a number of PC file formats.You can synch contacts and a number of other things with your PC easily with included software.The PC software works well with Windows XP and it seems like quality software.Bluetooth works flawlessly.Memory expandable.Cons:MP3 playback/organization, etc, is not the best, but it is survivable.Do you expect to be able to flip it open? Good luck with yours, my hinge lasted approximately 6 months, and this appears to be a known issue (although Nokia/ATT do not seem to consider it a design flaw, but I'm just starting the repair process now - we'll see).Update:They will not fix the broken hinge without charging. You may as well get a new phone for the price they are asking. Anyway, I replaced mine with a Blackberry, and the Blackberry's battery lasts several days more than the N75's.

I have been using this phone for a year now. Here's a list of things that i like/unlikePros -Nice battery life(after i had to chage a setting to improve it).Battery gets fuly charged in now time. around 40-45 min.Camera quality is good.Call quality is good, easy to sync up with most of the bluetooth headsets.Cons -Phone heats up a little bit and gets warm if you talk for long time.Just after 9-10  months of usage, it hangs sometimes (not much though, once every couple of weeks).

I considered many different cell phones before deciding on the Nokia N75, and I have not been disappointed so far.  I have been using the phone for about a month now, so I've had time to evaluate most of the features.  The interface is quite easy to get used to, even after switching from a completely different phone.  The sound quality is great, and I've never had to turn up the volume more than half way to hear perfectly.  It works well with my bluetooth headset with equally good sound quality.  You can easily create your own ringtones from mp3s and add them to the phone, and they sound great - just transfer them via bluetooth.  The only feature that is lacking in quality is the camera - the pictures it takes are quite bad, but then again I did not buy a phone to be a camera.  If you do want a good quality camera on the cell phone (if such a thing exists), this is probably not the phone for you.  Many other reviewers complain about poor battery life, but I have not had a problem.  In fact, the battery usually lasts 2-3 days without charging, but I do not spend the day surfing the internet or playing games on it.

i got this phone 2 weeks ago i really like it just took couple of days to get it figured out internet is really fast esp w 3g conn. the only bad part about it is (thats why 4 stars) did not come w/ a headset that was kinda cheap and the headset is not easy to find.other than that its a really nice phone.by the way i upgraded from sony erricson w810i i think the camera is alot better on the sony even though they're both 2 mega pixel.upgrade 09/01/2007this phone is pretty good, battery life is mmmmm kinda pffft 3G is awesome, camera is NOT GOOD for being a 2MP sony erricson is alot better.on the W810 i had i used to take pics take my mem card out stick in the printer and print and the pics came out awesome on the N75 you have to edit your pics for better quality.upgrade 12/09/2007 guys guess what ?i switched back to my sony erricson w810ithe nokia n75 consbattery lifecamera qualityease of usemusic playermemory cardthe best thing about N75 is the 3G other than that its below averagei made a mistake getting this phone.

I agonized over getting this phone for several months, mainly because of what people were saying about the weak battery. But boy were they wrong. This phone rocks. The battery is easily holding its charge, the reception is great, the phone is very cool, the screen fabulous, the features unbeatable. Basically, the NOKIA N75 is a "smart phone", which means it comes loaded with tons of applications. In addition, AT&T/Nokia also provide a CD disk, as well as a data cable. (Motorola does not!) Sure, it's a little fatter than my wife's RZR V3xx, but it isn't as long, and yes, it's bigger than the KRZR which I dumped because the first one was DOA and the 2nd started going bad after only one week. But this thing is dynamite. It's easy to read the screen, it has tons of applications, and the most important thing... it works as a phone! I mean, come on, isn't that the main reason we get cell phones anyway? We want to talk on them. And this is easily the best cell phone I have ever had. Run, don't walk, to get yourself one of them.

Many reviewers list pros, but my personal feeling is that the cons far outway any of these. Here is list of the problems:1) While some of the keys are large, the navigation ones are small and hard to press.2) Non-intuitive interface, very hard to navigate and find what you are looking for3) Battery meter goes from almost full to dead within a few minutes4) Large and bulky without redeeming features, most of the size is taken by the keypad.5) Horrible miserable cameraBeing the no 1 cell phone manufacturer seems to be corrupting Nokia. Their phones used to be solid, clean, easy to use. You could not go wrong with choosing them. Alas, this is a miserable device, which (if it ever pretends to) can not dream of competing with the iPhone.[Edit] To top it off, the phone just died. It wasnt dropped, nor used much. Nokia should be ashamed of themselves.

the hinge on this phone is faulty. any type of normal use can easily crack the hinge and of course the manufacturer blames it on usage. i have had wireless phones for 10 years and have never damaged one, two hinges in 3 months gave out on me with this horrible hinge design.

Nokia produces so many high end multimedia phones but provides almost Zero accessory support for audio headsets.When I went to my local cell phone store to buy a headphone adapter for my Nokia phone. I was told by the salesperson that I would have to buy the parts and build my own! When I looked online for one I found the same information.I would have to build my own from parts.Is this Nokia's customer service?First of all my N75 does Not have stereo bluetooth capability. How is this possible for such a costly phone? After contacting Nokia July 2007 I was told they would Never offer an upgrade for the N75. It will never have stereo Bluetooth. You will always have to use a wired headset for listening to music.Second.I was disappointed to find that a stereo headset is Not included with my new phone at all. For such a costly phone that is advertised as a versatile audio player, to not have a stereo headset included is far below a company like Nokia.Third.This phone only has a proprietary 'pop port' that only allows for use of a poorly made Nokia headphone. I can't use an earbud headphone because it hurts my ear. Further, I have been universally told that all Nokia headphone units produce poor quality sound.Fourth.The ONLY 'pop port' to standard headphone adapter ever made is NOT available anywhere. NOBODY carries it, anywhere. Further, what I have seen of this non-existent unit shows poor design. It's bulky, with a big square connector box.After purchasing this expensive phone from Nokia with the idea that it could be used to listen to music. I am left with NO options for a usable headphone unit. ?!?I am forced now to buy a soldering iron, a 3.5mm female mini-jack and an HDS-3 headset and make my own 'pop-port' to standard headphone jack adapter. Which is the only way to be able to use a Quality headphone unit that does not cause pain to my ears.I haven't been able to find the following information anywhere. Is the HDS-3 headphone unit's 'pop-port' connector compatible with the N75 phone? I can't even tell which headphone units are compatible. I found that Nokia data cables are not cross compatible between phone models, so I'm not sure about headphones. I have E-mailed Nokia customer support.It's pathetic that Nokia can't use standardized USB and 3.5mm female mini-jacks for their phones. Why make it so hard on customers? Just for a little more profit?---I was also disappointed about the Symbian software on this phone.s60 version 3 is not backward compatible with s60 v.1 or v.2Most software so far has been made for v.2 and don't expect many to port to v.3The layout and design of the menu system is chaotic and jumbled with very little option for customization. In the end the best you can do to customize the menu system layout of the phone leaves one with a frankenstein like system. Better than the original layout, but still extremely annoying. Half of the total menu options on the entire system are designed to access private and general 'Pay' internet services. I have no interest in using this phone for internet. But I am forced to leave all these menu options on the phone.I guess from all I have heard I expected more from Symbian & Nokia (ironically Symbian is produced by Nokia).I won't be buying another phone from Nokia.

This is great product. All the features like Sound/Music/Camera/call recption are cool. It works amazing.Battery Sucks.. Very Bad. Being a music phone, if you listen battery dies. Battery is very bad. (5 short calls, battery to Zero._

I love the functionality of the camera/video.  Once I purchased a micro-memory card at Costco, I was able to start taking alot of pictures and videos.  While video taping you can use the volume button on the side of phone to zoom in and out, very cool!  The phone also has a flash.  I do like the feature of anyone calling from your contact list, it rings with whatever tone you choose and then it audibly states the persons name, so you don't even have to pick up the phone, you know if you want to or not.  My husband is a contractor and very busy, so he enjoys the feature very much.  We are still exploring all the features, but we definately purchased it for the camera/video because he takes alot of before and after photos of his jobs.  This way he doesn't need to carry a camera, he has it all in one.  Because he is a high minutes user, I think he tends to charge it everynite, unlike his former nokia 6102 that could go a couple days.  I think because of the new N75 being full 3G service it uses more battery power.  So he counts on having a car charger if needed.

I've been using the N75 for a little while and it works great.  The screen is amazing.  It makes browsing the internet a true pleasure, which says a lot for a flip phone.  Also, since it is an N-Series phone it's jam packed with multimedia features.  The 2Mp camera looks better than other ones currently in the market and the MP3 player has this cool "stero widening" feature.Top reasons I love this phone:1.  2Mp camera and featues that makes uploading pictures, showing them in a cool slide show with music, transfering them to friends, and whatever else I want do very easy.2.  Great internet browser.  It's 3G(super fast) and has neat browsing tools like going back over several past pages, a mini map to scan quickly over large web pages, and the ability to view every website I've been to.3.  The call quality is outstanding.  It's a Nokia and nobody makes a phone quite a well as they do.Things I don't like:1.  I wish it came with a memory card.  I've got a lot of music and videos on there and need some space.2.  I wish it had a 3.5mm jack for headphones, but the adapter works okay and the loudspeaker's pretty loud.3.  I paid $250 for mine.  I'm kicking myself after seeing this deal.

Pro:- 3G- podcast download directly to phone- great screenCon:- Turning on the phone takes forever.- Random problem plague the phone.I expected better quality from Nokia. I rather have less feature and more solid performance.

The phone is good. But the battery life is pretty less. Need to recharge every 2 days even without use. Also the response times are slow.The vibrations are not that effective., sometimes i am not able to feel it even when the phone is in my trouser pocket.

Nokia N75 Phone (AT&T;)As a phone, which is the sole reason for my purchase of the N75, call quality is very good and it picks up a signal well (much better than my wife's Samsung, also with AT&T;). However, I have had a problem--there have been three times in three weeks where I have answered or made a call and the person on the other end couldn't hear me. The problem persisted for several trial calls I made immediately afterward. I had to turn the phone off and on to get the microphone to work again.I exchanged the phone and the new one did the same thing--once in the week that I have used it. Nokia was not aware of a microphone problem, but I did read another Amazon review where a person had the same problem, even with a replacement. It may be a design flaw that is exposed because of the way I use the phone, which is about 90% loudspeaker use on calls (I shouldn't speculate on a cause, but that is the only thing I do differently than most people).Other than that one problem, I like the phone very much and am going to keep it. However, it will be frustrating when I have an important call and the person on the other end says "hello...hello...anyone there?", and hangs up, even though I'm yelling "hello, hello, can you hear me?". Obviously they can't, so I'll turn the phone off and on and call them again.

I really had high hopes for this phone, but was ultimately disappointed.  I have been a loyal Nokia guy for years and looked forward to my first smartphone. More than that I wanted a combo phone/music player and the N75 seemed to fit the bill.  I was skeptical about going from candy bar to flip phone, but I figured so long as I could voice dial (you can) and answer (you can't) without opening the phone, that would be fine.But, in the end, this phone failed because of shortcomings of the music player implementation and poor battery life.  Sadly, I will be looking for another phone.DESIGN:Pros:+ Gorgeous displays in and out.+ Outside display seems to have all the right info (especially when using the music player).+ Great number keypad with large keys and excellent tactile feel.Cons:+ Navigation keys are too flat.  I often hit the wrong key sending myself off to distant parts of the OS or canceling out in the middle of a task.  After a while I got this down and this complaint faded.+ Battery cover held in place by hair trigger release.  Cover often came off when I pulled the phone from my pocketMENUS and O/S:Pros:+ Symbian 60 OS opens up a world of possibilities - more than I had a chance to really sample.+ Highly customizable menus enabled through obtuse menu trees.Cons:+ Power hungry OS.PHONE:Pro's:+ Great call quality, great speaker phone, both with plenty of volume.+ Can make calls with the cover closed using voice dialing.Cons:+ Can't answer the phone with the cover closed - soft keys are available to silence or decline the call, but not to answer on speakerphone.  What a shame because I can do this on my wife's Nokia 6126 and this makes a flip phone much more convenient.+ Easily paired up with bluetooth headset (but NOT stereo bluetooth)CAMERA:Pros:+ Take pictures with phone open or closed, includes a flash.  Serviceable image management on the phone (delete, view, etc)Cons:+ Shutteer laaaag, mediocre image quality for 2 mp camera.MUSIC PLAYER:Pros:+ Really nice music player app with great controls.+ Sounds pretty good on phone's little speakers.+ Controls on outside cover are great.+ Includes an equalizer.Cons (the dealbreakers for me):+ NO STEREO BLUETOOTH - I know that this advertised on the web site, but it is a misprint as confirmed by calls to Cingular and Nokia.  Nokia says the required A2DP profile will be available in a firmware update, but they won't tell you when.+ No 3.5 mm headset jack.  You have to deal with Nokia's proprietary POP port, which takes up 1/3 of the left side of the phone and requires an adapter to work a 3.5mm headset.  The POP cord/adapter is difficult to insert correctly and is aptly named POP port because of how easily it pops out -- I have lots of Nokia experience here.+ Nokia Music Manager 2.0 PC software for transferring music crashed often in XP and did not recognize memory on my phone (tried two different brands of sd cards)  Thankfully the included Windows Media Player driver worked well and transfers went smoothly with both cards.BATTERY LIFE: (more dealbreakers)Very poor; phone gobbles power like a Hummer towing a tank. Combo of small battery and hungry O/S and displays kills batteries fast.  I really couldn't get more than 1   hrs of talk time a day out of this, and that's without a bluetooth headset.  Yes, I followed all the web advice about setting data to "as needed" setting.  If you really want to use this as a smart phone: email, web, PIM and phone, then you better carry spare batteries.

I upgraded to the N75 from the Nokia 6230;  I'm a big fanof AT&T; service on Nokia phones.  In general, I'm happywith the N75.  It is certainly cram-packed with features;bluetooth, phone, mp3, fm radio, some organizer features,a scaled-down version of adobe and real player, externalmemory card is hot-swappable and very easy to access.Many phones require you to open up the device and removethe battery to access the memory card which resets theinternal clock and date.  I haven't experienced a poorbattery life the way some other reviewers have, maybeI'm just lucky.  This phone has just about every featureyou can think up without having to go to a blackberry-typeform factor, and I really wanted a flip phone rather thana bar phone.  My main complaint is the processor speedand performance;  whenever you want the phone to do something,there is a noticeable delay, up to a couple of seconds, andthere is a slow reaction to the keypad buttons such astransitioning from phone mode to camera mode, etc.  Ifthere was a faster processor in the phone so that itresponded more quickly I would have no complaints.

The Nokia N75: 12.01.2007After doing a lot of research about which phone to get, and after signing a new 2 year contract with AT&T;, I chose the Nokia N75 as my cellular companion for the next 2 years. This is obviously a big decision, and I am very much willing to research and wait for the right purchase and price.Here is how I came to this decision:My primary requirement for a cell phone purchase is that it foremost functions well and reliably as a PHONE, and any additional features are merely supplementary. The Nokia N75 functions very well as a phone, with good reception, large and comfortable buttons, easy contact management, and intuitive text capabilities. I am not interested in using a miniature QWERTY Keyboard on a small device like a lot of modern phones, and the N75, despite being very advanced, still has a standard keypad.I was somewhat interested in a phone that had a decent camera to take a quick snapshot when I'm with friends, or when I don't have my nice Digital camera with me. The N75 has a 2 mega pixel camera that takes acceptable photos. It also shoots pretty high quality video w/ sound.The MP3 Music features are very nice, and the speakers output decent sound, but this feels like more of a novelty to show your friends. I have used it a few times on my own in a quiet room, and it sounds as good as a small laptop. The Phone functions well as an MP3 Player.The user interface is very intuitive, and the main screen is very crisp and useful. The design of the phone feels very clean and geometric, with an obvious attention to detail from Nokia.The main reason why this phone is such a great deal, is the fact that you can get it for free here on Amazon, which makes the aforementioned features an incredible deal.The Battery life, as others have stated, seems to only last a couple days, but I live in a house, so I don't mind taking the 5 seconds to plug my phone into the wall while I sleep. Duh.It's also manufactured in Finland, which I find pretty neat, since the majority of other phones are manufactured in Asia, which is where the rest of my technology comes from anyways. I have a product from Finland, cool.This is a great phone with a ton of features, great design, and a great price.

using this phone occassionally is okay.  But when i'm on the phone with family members for hour long conversation, this thing feels like it's going to explode it get's so hot.  It doesn't get warm, it get's burning hot.The design is nice, the options are nice.  The user interface lags a bit due to the all the options it allows for.Huge fan of nokia, not a huge fan of this phone.  Nice for free though.

I love the phone, the outside speakers have a good sound, plays music, nice camera and more stuff than I need.  Two things you may have to be careful of is the outside lq display. easy to damage and if you claim warrenty, the answer is you dropped it. The hings seem a little loose for a flip, they'll probably hold up. Overall I like it, but the next one is the next N series up.

I bought this phone because of 3G and other good features.I had used Nokia 3310,6210 and trusted Nokia.This is not a cellphone. This is like an ordinary phone which needs power source  always.It is like having a V8 engine car with 1 mile/gallon.

Great phone. The other reviews elaborate on this. I just want to share a few issues that have arisen with my phone.  I have my N75's cover display set to show the caller ID and answering calls upon opening.  However, the phone intermittently switches to having to flip the phone open to see the caller ID and having to press a key to answer.  Randomly, it will switch back to my original setting...and back and forth and so on.  That's not a big deal, but a little detail that will frustrate some people (especially me!).  The other flaw is that the microphone arbitrarily stops working without cause.  I'll have just completed a phone conversation - put the phone down - it will ring - I answer and the caller hears nothing...but I hear them just fine!  Wanna talk about frustrating...especially since this has now happened 3 times!  I'm on my second phone because of this...would be on my third but I'm out of my 15 day window to have the phone replaced in-store.  Oh ya, I just got off the phone with the warranty folks...they are out of this phone and want to permanently replace my phone with a lesser model (from a different company) for the remainder of my contract!  Are they stupid?  Buyer beware on this phone.  Hopefully you won't encounter these problems because the phone is really nice overall.

Nokia N75 disappointed me very much. I knew the battery life is very short but i liked the look of it and ordered it from amazon.com. But the battery is warming up when i am using it. I am returning the product becauce i am worried it might blow up some day.

I've had 3 of these phones (all new) and have the same problem with all 3 - they turn themselves off with no warning.  None of the phones had been dropped, there has been nothing downloaded or any 3rd party applications installed on any of them, yet all three have done the same thing.  I've had these phones on my desk, untouched, and had them power themselves down.  I've missed emergency calls becuase my phone was off and I didn't realize it, and I've missed other calls (for the same reason) that have caused all kinds of problems... What good are fancy features if the phone is unreliable?Nokia says it's probably an issue with AT&T;'s software/firmware.  AT&T; just wants to keep replacing the (new) phones with rebuilt ones..... just how many of these are you supposed to go through?  I'm through spending hours on the phone with AT&T; trying to get them to replace these phones with a different model.  I'm just going to have to bite the bullet and cough up the cash for new phones at retail, then wait for my AT&T; contract to expire so I can move on to another service provider.By the way - I've been with Cingular/AT&T; for 10+ years and have never had a problem until I got the N75.  But after several major go-rounds with AT&T; over theses phones, I'm as disgusted, frustrated, and fed up with them as I am with the N75s - what good are either one of them if you can't rely on them?Stay away from this model, especially if you have AT&T; service - save yourself the hassle.

I bought this phone from Amazon cell phone plan promotion.  The transaction took a while to complete (about 2 weeks) but I got the phone a week ahead of schedule and at a low price so it was not too bad.The activation and number transfer went smoothly.  The phone works well except for a few annoyances.  It has many features that I like such as Bluetooth, web browser, mp3 music player, nice camera, bright display and it is very user friendly and configurable.  You can easily load your own ring tones, music & image files and contacts using the included PC software and cable (or just use Bluetooth).This phone would have been perfect except for a few frustrating bugs (or "features").If you have to turn the phone off, turning it back on can be a challenge.  If you changed certain combination of phone settings (I still don't know what yet), it will error out during restart.  Then you will have to press the 3 magic buttons (Talk * End) during power on to reset it.  Sometime, it will startup fine but then some menu like "settings->config." won't work.  Luckily, this phone has an Off-Line profile that can be used in flight without turning it off.  I've found that if the magic buttons are pressed right after the Nokia flash screen and Cingular fire-ball, it will start successfully most of the time.  Sometime, taking the battery out before restarting will help.The phone has about 45Mb of free memory so I tried to use it to listen to a few chapters of audio book at a time then replace them with another set of chapters when I'm done.  However, I found that if you play any music file loaded into the phone's internal memory, you will not be able to delete it.  The only way to delete it is to do a soft reset (*#7780#) of power off then on (but see above issue).I'm holding on to the phone hopping that Nokia will release software update to fix these and other issues soon.UPDATE (08/05/2007):I have found that the included Nokia PC Suite software works very well.  The N75 connects to my PC easily using Bluetooth and I can use Windows Explorer to manage my address book and transfer images, music, ring-tones from/to the phone.  I'm very pleased that it just works on WinXP SP2 using CSR Bluecore dongle with the default driver.I've also used the phone's music player to listen to audio book.  I can place it on pause for extended period of time then get back to where I was.  I still do have problem deleting files that I've listened but I've found that they can sometime be deleted while viewing them by artist or album.I've used a Jabra 350 and 620s bluetooth head set with this phone.  However the phone does not support stereo so it is mostly good for listening to audio books or talking but not music.Power wise, I usually charge the phone once every 4 days if I barely used it.  I do have to charge it every day that I do a lot of talking or playing music (for more than 2-3 hours).Here are more features that I've come to like: large buttons, bright screen, predictive text entry, customizable short cut buttons, good reception (I live in weak signal area).I've come to like the phone more as I figured out how to get around it's quirks.

I thought this was a wonderful phone until it cracked between the joint and the bottom end of the screen. So I called the manufacture and they said that they don't cover cracking at the joint and now my warranty is void. So if you decide to buy this phone and you talk a lot on it, know that this will also happen to you. BTW I have had the phone for 10 months when this happened.

i switched to at&t; for the iphone but purchased this phone instead.  I wanted to like this phone and hoped the reviews were wrong.  They weren't.First, ATT's "3G" network is VERY SLOW compared to Verizon's (my previous carrier).Second, the phone is packed with bugs and quirks.  Programs (especially the music player) turn themselves on when the phone is not in use or in your pocket. This eats up battery time. Often, i take the phone out to find the battery dead because of this.The camera is ok if you plan to use photoshop to fix your pix or if you like 80's horror movie color.

I have to say, seeing all the features that come with this phone, I was pretty excited to receive it.  However, now that I have had it for 2 months, I am disappointed, and wish I would have bought something else.PROS-Clear screen on both inside and out-Non-scratch surface on the outside of the phone keeps the phone looking good-Speakers sound good, and can be played pretty loud-Ability to add more memory to the card through the SD slot-Large buttons on the inside are very easy to use-Ability to see text messages without even opening the phoneCONS-Small amount of memory to begin with-When selecting an option (menu, profiles, messaging, etc.) there is a pause before going to the option.  gets annoying really fast.-I have not found a way to lock the outside of the phone, so you will have you phone randomly play songs (if you have some on your phone)-Phone is rather large when opened, even though it doesn't seem that big when closed.-Front screen is easily scratched-TERRIBLE battery.  I have had the battery go dead in one day.  Small amount of juice on the battery.-Camera takes ok pictures.  Not as good as you would think for a camera like this.Overall, I am disappointed with the phone.  There are many other options, especially with slider phones, that are much better deals than this. Be sure to do all of your research before you get this phone.

I love the style of the N75, but the quality is very poor.  I accidentally dropped it once, and the entire top (the part you flip to open) cracked.  It is being held by Gorilla glue at the moment, so I hope it lasts.I do like that it is user friendly and easy to navigate, even if it is a bit "slow".I'll be switching to something else next summer for my next upgrade.

Just had to return it because the battery life was horrible. Overall, the phone is amazing!! I did what users on this site said to do (changing the 3G setting to as needed instead of when available) but still the battery drained in a matter of hours. I have the KRZR now...not as cool as the N75, but at least the battery is still going.

I have had this phone for eight months now. I used it for the first four months as AT&T; branded, and then I got them to unlock it, and flashed it with the generic firmware.With the AT&T; branded firmware, the music over bluetooth will not work(A2DP).I have also installed several games (centipede,chess,pacman,etc...) on it, and play them regularly.I have about 15 hours of music on the microSD card, and play it through my Pioneer 9800BT car receiver.Pros:1. Large screen, great for photos, videos, games, etc...2. Large buttons, great for texting with T9, faster than a qwerty keyboard for me.3. Great camera for bright environments(sunny, outside).4. Nice video camera for most environments, mpeg4 compression.5. microSD slot for storing music, games, photos, videos, etc...6. You can use it as a decent MP3 player, I no longer carry my ipod with me.7. 3g, decent pop3/mapi client.Cons:1. No WiFi2. Flash is LED, not Xenon3. No cover for lens4. Proprietary nokia headphone jack, must buy adapter. I got mine off e-bay.5. 2MP no longer impressive for camera6. Due to two backlit screens, bluetooth, 3g, etc.... battery life is short.7. Software can be slow if multi-tasking, boot time is a bit slow.

The Nokia N75, while not a perfect phone, is very good.  It isn't the smallest phone, but it is not excessively large.  When compared in size to a RAZR, it is about the same length closed, double the length opened, and about a RAZR and a half thick.  It is about as wide as a RAZR as well.I much prefer the large size and big screens.  I came from a MOTORAZR V3, and the difference in the screens and operating systems is like night and day.  This phone is a HUGE step up.One thing I don't really like is the slow processing of the phone.  The battery life problems are easily fixed when you change the packet data settings.One major plus is the ability to easily download and install 3rd party programs on the phone.  The music player, while it may not be as good as a dedicated music player, is excellent.  The menus are straight forward, the phone is intensely customizable.  I doubt any 2 customized N75 will look alike.For me to go back to a Motorola phone, they would have to make a new OS from scratch.  They have been using the same OS with minor tweaks for probably over 6 or 7 years now.

I'm on my 3rd one of these and I'm worried the same problem I had with the previous two will happen to my final replacement under warranty.PROS - The phone is very sturdy and has a very good user interface.  The software is easy to navigate and it has many features.CONS - Camera is almost not worth using.  Slow shutter times and pictures that are worse than what I can manage with my old school RAZR.  Phone gets hot after a decent length conversation.  Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!!1st Phone - The phone despite being careful and having no damage would shut itself off.  I missed several phone calls because of this.  Also the SIM card would "pop" out of it's place which would cause me too loose service randomly.  I called AT&T; and had the phone replaced.2nd Phone - Almost right off the bat the phone had problems.  Usually when you close a flip phone the call will end or begin when you open it.  About half the time it would not do what it was supposed to do even after verifying the settings were properly set.  I could almost handle this before it stated doing the same thing the first phone did.3rd Phone - No problems as of yet and keeping my fingers crossed because only a month left on warranty.

I love this phone. I switched from my Nokia 6681 to the Nokia N75 and I could not be more pleased. While the 6681 was plagued with firmware problems and would switch off or reboot all the time, the N75 has no such issues. I love the music player. Even though I own an iPod I will be using this player a lot due to the convenience of not having to carry another device. The Nokia browser that is hidden in the Tools folder is awesome. I love the preview feature that the browser provides. This lets you preview a large web page and then zoom in on the section you want. The 3G connection is not DSL but decent speed probably more of a 56K modem experience. But good enough for browsing you would expect to do on a phone. I did not find a big difference in speed between 3G and GPRS connections. The camera is decent. I took a few pictures at my daughter's soccer game as a test and they came out quite well. This is a sleek and stylish phone with all the features that I need. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because the battery life is a tad short compared to my earlier Nokia 6681 and I also find that the 6681 had better signal reception than the N75. Could be because of the larger size of the 6681.

I love the phone as a phone, but I have a few complaints on the N75 I received.  Since I love the phone and have but a few complaints, I will just list the complaints...1.  I have a high-pitched noise/pitch coming from the screen when the phone is open.  It is loud enough to bother me...especially when I talk over 2 hours  on the phone per day...--this could be an issue with this phone rather than with the N75 model (check with Cingular/AT&T;);2.  I keep getting a "Smartchip Registration Failed" message.  While this may be an issue with Cingular/AT&T;, any new customer would be frustrated with the number of times I have received this message (4 times in 3 days).  The only solution I have found is to remove the battery, restart the phone, and hope it doesn't fail to register...(failure means no phone service);3.  No really effective PIM.  While the phone is great "as a phone," as a PDA it fails in my book because there is no central PIM.  An address book and a calendar (as separate apps) work well, but there is no useful PIM included.  Furthermore, I have yet to find a "functional-for-my-purposes" PIM available for S60 symbian that even meets the standard PIM provided with Palm, MS mobile, or Blackberry devices...If you are looking for a great phone with many features (music, great camera/video, etc...), this phone is perfect.  If you need a PDA with an good PIM, perhaps you should look elsewhere...  Nokia and Symbian would do well to create a PIM to service their deivces "out of the box."

I've had this phone for about 8 months now. I got it back when it was free, with a new contract. The initial firmware is a botched headache. After I got the old firmware on it (I paid someone to load the original nokia firmware), it works like a charm. Also, AT&T; is great about giving out the unlock codes.What they all say about the battery life is sadly true. I remedy this with a car charged and a USB charger so that it can always be charging. It's a little bit of a pain, but it's a great phone, loud speakers, lots of memory, fast, big keypad.

I got N75 with my plan from Cingular, believe me this is the worst Nokia phone I have ever used. In a span of 4 months, I had to get it replaced because the phone used to get switched off automatically. The new phone also has similar phones. With even minor shocks the LCD goes off and the phone goes off without any warning. I will highly recommend spending money on a better phone than getting stuck with such poor performance phone on a 2-year contract.

Within the first month of owning the phone I dropped it in my house (NOT hard floor).  No crack or scratch was there.Weeks letter a crack started forming and eventually the hinge was coming apart.As I researched online I discovered this is quite normal.  It happens often and Nokia says it's customer abuse.Not true because I know how to ABUSE a phone LOL, and I never abused this phone.Obviously they would not fix mine, nor would Cingular.I am very disappointed because it had great features, great ringtone etc...and I had to glue it 2 continue using it.Do not get this phone, research online and you will find many others who have had this problem with the hinge and Nokia refuses to admit it's theire problem.

looks great.. it is large but i can live with that... the screen is really good.the camera has poor quality and has a shutter laag.. and its big!!!! like 2 sec!!!!the software is EXTREMELY slow!! if u want to open up the messages or addresse book u have to wait a few sec until everything is loads up and of course everything else is slow too!.. pathetic!voice dialing is useless!!! i couldnt use it!!!! the voice whos talking is too fast and not loud enough.. and there is NO SETTINGS FOR THAT!!! unbelievable!!!! voice calling couldnt understand me 9 times out of 10!!! and i didnt try to call a russian or german guy.. the phone didnt understand chris and peter.... lol!all my friend used my phones voice calling.. in most cases it wont work!and the voice is breaking up... ( half duplex effect.... )lol and the phone wasnt on the speakers.. never..btw the speakers are loud!! i liked it. and it plays movies, mp3s... etc..good entertainment phone, better than samsung upstage.. not good for talking...... lol.. but its true.

I don't know what the people who hate on this phone are talking about...This phone is awesome.  I think they write their reviews before they really learn how to use it....the more you use it, the more you like it.  The battery is NOT as bad as everyone says...the only small complaint is the camera doesn't take good pictures in the dark.

read these two links to a cell phone forum that is very useful especially for those who bought the n75 like me and love the phone but hate the battery life and/or at&t;'s crippling of the phone such as stereo bluetooth, and being able to choose the network you're on, as opposed to being forced to use 3g/umts.  that is the biggest battery drainer, the umts, and web browsing on the umts network.  i highly recommend after reading these two links, that if you decide to "de"brand your phone, set it to GMS only.  if you want higher speeds for web browsing you can switch back to umts, but it sucks the battery dry pretty quick.  anyways, here are the links...[...]do note to "de" brand your phone, meaning flashing the firmware to a state where you bought the phone straight from the manufacturer thus taking off XXXXX carrier's bs on the phone, you will have to unlock your phone.  you can get your phone unlocked by at&t; for free and the subject will covered in those links.

reception is very good...better than samsung 707A....camera very clear, and you can even talk without openning the phone...I highly recomend this phone...best one at Cingular..ATT  or whatever they call them selves now...

Europe and Asia put us to shame when it comes to carrier-offered phones.  If we want a really good, do-it all phone in the US, the only way to go is unlocked, which usually means getting one sans-warranty.  This is the first phone I have seen which has a feature-set to match most high-end phones available unlocked...amazing screen, excellent expansion options (both in memory and applications), very high-speed data connections - for e-mail, for web browsing, for sending mms messages - excellent build quality (Motorola will never touch Nokia in this).  Quad-band, so it will work anywhere where there is a GSM signal.  Props to Cingular/AT&T for finally bringing the goodness to the US.
