
Some pros, cons and advicesPros:- Good sound quality for voice calls and for media player- Good picture and video quality (but not at dark places or at night)- Built in VoIP software took some time to make it work with a brazilian service provider. Now, it's working fine- Supports high capacity microSD memory cards (not only 2 GB chips as mentioned at Nokia website)Cons:- If you use other resources such as media player, camera, GPS, etc, your battery will last no longer than 1 or 2 days- GPS takes too long to lock to sattelites- Pictures and videos are low quality if you shot at dark places (led is no good; flash would be better for pictures)Advices:- Buy a car charger if you intend to use the GPS resources in your travels- Buy one or more high capacity microSD if you intend to shot many movies- PLEASE, avoid buying from DBRoth. The package was clearly opened in advance and DBRoth did confirm that they did open the box to check if everything was ok in the package. The problem is 3 cables were missing in the package: The data cable (USB), the video cable and the headset cable (only the controller part). For the USB cable, I solved the issue buying a new one from Radio Shack. The problem is the video cable, which is not sold as an accessory.

N95 is (mainly when we consider its price) one of the worst product of electronic engineering I think I would ever come across.Let's first put it in perspective: the main (basically the only) task the engineers had in the design desk was to bring together in a clever way a set of resources that already existed in different devices (mobile, GPS, music and video player, 5Mp camera, internet browsing capabilities, etc). They plainly failed. It would take an extensive report to describe only its most conspicuous problems, but I will concentrate in one aspect: it is a product you just cannot rely on, in any single one of its resources.- Do you need a GPS? Well, I tested it in cities like So Paulo, Atlanta, Washington DC, Buenos Aires, and most of the time I get a signal only when I don't need it anymore (i.e., it was easier to ask around for directions, or look in a map)  - and this happened when things were ok, because it frequently failed to locate the satellites even under crystal clear skies (The GPS feature was the main reason I purchased this mobile - and subsequently my first and big disappointment...)- Do you want to browse the internet using the wireless LAN? Pray that the wireless network of the hotel/bar where you are does not ask you for a password in the browser - as far as my experience goes, it will not work under these conditions- Do you want to play games? The horrible disposition of the "dedicated" keys will make sure you also press all the surroundings keys, halting, stopping and messing the game all the time. No danger of you getting addicted to this resource of your mobile.- Do you want to watch movies? I put my movies (compacted to mp4 using Nokia PC Suite) to the "My Videos" directory to watch in airports. The inbuilt media player didn't find them- Do you want to use the camera? You better don't need it for a quick shot - if you had already the visor opened, you will have to go through many keys to make it work again.- Do you want to switch on the mobile without announcing it to everybody? If you are in a plane under terrorist attack and you try to switch it on, the ridiculous opening tune will make sure you will be the first to be killed (I tried to disconnect this tune on the settings - just gave up).Speaking of planes, the whole thing is completely useless there - not being able to switch off only the phone, you have to switch it off altogether.- Do you just want a mobile phone? Be prepared to feed up (as many other reviews pointed out) this little baby every few hours.In my case none of that no longer works because (as it seems that is very usual after checking in the internet) the mobile stopped working (after only 4 months of buying it) because the screen now lit up completely black, not showing anything. After waiting on the long line of people to be attended by the Nokia local authorized Technical Assistance, I had to leave and am under the temptation on giving up of having it fixed. I would be losing my money, but I might feel relieved of getting rid of such a piece of rubbish out of my pocket.Nokia, congratulations, you created one of the crappiest gadgets ever, and even so were able to sell thousands for an outrageous price. Not a trivial achievement.

I love the phone. The features are great and I received the package from Tiger Direct in excellent condition. The battery life only dies when using GPS a lot. Make sure you get a screen protector for your phone. It took me a day with the manual to come to terms with my phone but now we are inseparable.

I bought this phone a month back. I am highly satisfied with phone. Its GPS works great. Camera and camcorder mode are good in good light. TV connectivity is something which i also like.

I don't understand the life style of the people who excitedly gave 5 stars in a row, but here's one question: "how do you royal slaves are doing to keep that demanding masters from being hungry?". The phone will not leave you unworried about having low battery signal even for half a day! One full day? No, if you are making about 5~6 calls and if want some musics for about 10 minutes, definitely you will have low battery warning right after the lunch. Taking a picture? Wifi internet? you can do them when you are connected to the charger or to your laptop. Maybe, with some luck, you can take 1~2 pictures or at least get loggen on to an internet site before you get the warning. Once again, this is never a mobile phone. This makes you a mobile person because you have to carry every things to feed this annoying master. You will be more organized person because once you tragically get this phone, you have to schedule everything in your life into 10 minutes chops. Don't say you've never been warned.

Wow! This is the best cell phone I ever had. Much better than iPhone. I love its high resolution and its beautiful design. It is expensive, but it worth it. If you're a gadget freak (like me), buy it... You won't regret!!!

Excelent!!, lots of cool features. It would be even better if a spare battery is added to the set.

the title says it all. this phone is equiped with basically everything that u can put in a phone today. the camera, the endless ways of connection, the navigation system, the display, the interface, the speed of the operating system (Symbian s60)..... everything is just fantastic.I would strongly reccomend this phone to anyone who is per say having doubts between this phone and lets say sonyerricson p880i or any similar phone. i personally was never a big fan of nokia phones but this one really amazed me!!!!  2 thumbs up!!!

Hola a todos, yo soy due&ntilde;o del Nokia N95 desde hace unos 2 meses y me parece un telefono muy muy completo, El GPS funciona muy bien despues de bajarse el software de actualizacion del telefono. Solo tengo 2 peque&ntilde;as quejas del telefono la primera es que cuando filmo un video no es de tan buena calidad sobre todo cuando hago un acercamiento, y la segunda que a veces su cuelga cuando estoy usando aplicaciones en internet. Pero en general le doy un 4 sobre 5. Gracias.

I have to admit I have been anticipating this phone ever since it was announced in 2006.  I have to say overall I am very satisfied with this device.  I does have it's faults that will disappoint, but on the other hand it has managed to exceed my expectations in some respects.  First, is stability.  I have owned my share of phones and the headache that comes with hoping the next firmware will fix some glaring usability problems (e.g. crashes that only pulling the battery will fix).  Thankfully, I am pleased to see S60 3rd Edition is better implemented here and I have yet to run into any major application crashes.  This is surprising given how complex this device is and Nokia's recent past with releasing devices initially plagued with bugs (e.g. N80 & N93).  The OS responds pretty well when opening menus and applications.  It is not instantaneous most of the time, but is quite fast and significantly better than on other phones that I had the displeasure to deal with.  There are some problems.  I wish this phone had more memory.  If you end up browsing several complex web pages, you will eventually run into the dreaded memory low situation.  That is the problem, the browser is so good at rendering pages as it should that you will get irritated you have to close and reopen the browser to clear out the history of the last several pages you visited which are taking up whatever available memory exists (somewhere like 20 out of 64 MB).  Nokia should have went with 128 MB since the browser, multimedia functions, and multitasking capabilities can never have too much memory.  Still, it is all still very usable it is just annoying Nokia made a poor decision with such a high end phone.  Speaking of the browser, as I mentioned it is amazing.  I do wish the screen was slightly higher than 320x240 resolution as Nokia has previous generation phones with smaller screens at a higher resolution.  It would simply make browsing even better as you wouldn't have to scale it down or scroll all over the screen as much to take in the entire page.  The screen is, however, quite large and it simply looks perfect.  Colors are beautifully rendered and picture/video viewing looks excellent on it.Multimedia, as expected, is incredible.  Sound quality is good, maybe not as good as my old Sony Ericcson K750, but still good nonetheless.  Thank goodness Nokia provided a 3.5 mm jack for standard headphones, it is about time.  The N95 will have no problem replacing a flash based MP3 player.  Multimedia keys work well, but I am not sure how useful they are since the 4-way pad also provides similar functionality.  The radio works well enough and manages to pick up a lot of stations in my area, but unfortunately it mostly defaults to mono while occasionally shifting into stereo.  The camera is really good.  Bright outdoor shots look, sometimes, just as good as any consumer camera.  Like every other camera phone, indoor shots with low light will come out noisy and dark.  That is to be expected.  The LED flash will help provided whatever it is you are taking is not too far away.  Make sure to update the firmware immediately as it fixes an annoying shutter lag problem.  Pictures though sometimes come out too processed to hide noise.  With the 5 MP sensor, I suppose noise is inevitable but I hope Nokia improves their processing algorithm in future updates.  Overall, you cannot expect the N95 to replace your dedicated camera but with some practice you can get some very good results.  Video recording is excellent.  It is NOT DVD quality and you will clearly see lots of compression artifacts on your computer monitor.  It is however the best on a phone and probably by a long shot.  So much so, that video recording finally becomes useful when you spontaneously need to record an event.  The camera soft is very good.  All of necessary settings are here, though not all stick when you close the camera application.  It takes some time to set up for the next shot, but you can turn off viewing the shot you just took so you can take the next shot quicker.  The phone supports TV out.  I haven't had the time to explore the possibilities, but it does appear useful for showing slide shows and video playback to your friends.  I haven't found it terribly useful for much else, but YMMV on this.I was a little disappointed by the storage provided by the MicroSD format.  Nokia provides a 1 GB card in the box and states the phone phones supports up to 2 GB.  It has been confirmed though that the newly released 4 GB SanDisk microSDHC will work in this device.  This, IMHO, is an acceptable amount of storage for this device and will be needed given the multimedia possibilities of this phone (e.g. MP3s, video recording).The GPS is very slow to lock onto satellites when first turned on.  I wish the software also provided better feedback on what is going on as well.  However, a GPS packed into such a device is pretty amazing and as long as you are patient, it does work pretty well.  I personally don't have a lot of use for a GPS therefore this unit works well enough for when I need it.  I am still getting the hang of it.  It will not, however, replace a dedicated GPS unit that is used on daily basis.Construction of the unit is fine.  Some complain it feels cheap for such an expensive phone, but I just don't see it as a problem.  The slider functionality works well enough and the keyboard feels good to me.  It is very tactile though so if you like soft keypads it may not appeal to you.  I wish the keys were a little bigger, but I always say that about every phone.  They will be large enough for most.  Everyone I have shown is impressed by the appearance of the N95.  I will admit I considered a qwerty smartphone, but I needed something to fit in my pocket.  It amazes me Nokia was able to fit all of the N95's features in such a small form factor.  There are much thinner and lighter phones out there, but none will have a fraction of the features of the N95.I won't beat the battery issue to death as it has been widely reported on this device.  If you just use this as a phone with texting, e-mail, some web browsing and even MP3 playback, it is quite good.  What is the point of getting this phone though if that is all you are going to do with it?  If you start using WiFi, bluetooth, GPS, and particularly the camera/video recording the battery drains pretty fast.  I suppose given the current technology and the small battery size, there is no way around this.  Don't believe it is not manageable though because it is.  If you plan on using the maximum capablilities of this phone all of the time on the go, I would suggest a car charger and possibly an extra battery so you don't get caught with a dead phone.  I charge mine every night when I go to bed, but then again I have always been in the habit of doing that with my phones.I am quite pleased and despite some concern over my purchase, I feel as if I am going to hold onto this for a long time.  It is too bad Nokia priced the unit so high and it will be up to individual if it is really worth it, but right now the N95 is probably the best implemented and featured multimedia phone available.

I bought this phone for my husband about 2 months ago and he LOVES it. Its 100X better than the iphone and has just as many, if not more, features. It beats any Smartphone out there.The ONLY downside is that the battery dies extremely quickly, but you can always get a car charger for that. And, one small downside is the walls on the sides of the keypad..they are too high and make texting a wee bit difficult.I would totally recommend this phone and I think it was worth the $600+ i paid for it.

this is the best mobile phone ever made.everything is usefull and there is no another need to takevideo is most perfect part of this productand also symbian software is the fastest evernegative is only : battery...there will be a nokia bl6f battery for nokia n95 8 gb and this new battery will probably be a solution for battery problemand all parts are well madeit is really little and not heavy

I have to say spending so much money on a phone made me nervous, but I have to say having an unlocked GSM phone was great.  I was traveling outside the country and my provider uses CDMA, so I needed a way to stay in touch with family and friends in case of emergency.  I picked up this phone and the MOBAL sim card deal that Amazon has, and I am very pleased with the combo.  I also have the slingbox and when I bought the phone they just released a mobile player for it for the symbian OS.  The phone worked like a champ.The good things are having this phone, I had a way to take photos without having to carry another camera with me when I just wanted to walk on the beach.  The only bad thing about the phone and the reason I gave a 4 out of 5 stars is that the battery is weak.  It only lasts about 2 days without the need of a recharge.  Other than that, it is an amazing phone.

SOY VENDEDOR DE CELULARES EN LATINOAMERICA, Y NO PUEDO ENCONTRAR EN OTROS CELULARES, LA CAPACIDAD, LA FUNCIONALIDAD, LAS CARACTERISTICAS QUE EL NOKIA N95 OFRECE. SU PANTALLA ES MUY BUENA, AUN MEJOR SU CAMARA. ME HUBIERA GUSTADO QUE SEA TOUCHSCREEN. NO LE ENCUENTRO NADA MALO. LO RECOMIENDO AL 100%. SALUDOS A LA COMUNIDAD LATINOAMERICANA!

OK saying that the N95 is a phone is not accurate, is an excelent photo an video camera in good lighting conditions, lots of aplicattions and a powerfull and round package. My previous cel was an Nokia and is more than 5 years old and still works very well, so I think this one will last for a long time too.

My take on some of the features:Camera - It takes two seconds to load up, two seconds to focus, and two seconds to see the photos on the screen after a shot is taken, which hardly qualifies for a point-and-shoot.  Overall picture quality is dependant on the environment where the photo is taken.  If the surrounding is well-lit, photos look impressive.  But, in a relatively dark environment, photos look pretty awful.Media Playback - I played mp3 tunes and quality was pretty good.  Obviously it doesn't sound as good as dedicated mp3 players like my iPod, but I think the quality is more than acceptable.  But, I noticed that there was some noise in the background.  This is especially noticeable when I was listening to my music in a quiet environment.  Video playback is pretty decent too and the screen size was large enough to allow me to watch my recorded tv show comfortably.Battery - I know a lot of people moan about N95's short battery life.  But, I thought it was pretty decent considering all the features this phone offers.  The first day I got this phone, I listened to music for about half an hour while commuting, browsed Google map to get directions, check news online for about half an hour, took about twenty photo shots, talked on the phone for about half an hour, and I still had several bars of the battery left.  As long as you don't overuse WiFi or GPS, you should be fine with everyday charges.GPS - This is my least favorite feature in the phone.  It is simply too slow to lock down the location.  I find myself using Google map (for mobile) more often than this feature.Design - It is passable, but certainly does not look like a $700 cell phone (since it won't attract others, is this a good thing?)  One thing that bothers me the most is the front slider.  It is wobbly, so whenever I press a button it makes that 'click' sound.  You do get used to it after a couple of days, and there is a DIY way of fixing this (available on the internet), but I don't think I want to open up my phone and risk breaking my $700 investment!Conclusion - I was a bit hesitant at first because of the price and the well-known drawbacks discussed above.  But if you're a semi - power user like me and wouldn't mind the features being just above average rather than fantastic, you will not regret the purchase.iPhone or N95? - I pondered waiting for the iPhone, but ultimately decided against because 1) I don't like the idea of using touch screen to make phone calls.  These are first and foremost cell phones, so the convenience of making phone calls matters the most to me. 2) iPhone does not have 5mp camera. 3) I do not want to make a two year commitment to AT&T; (I like my month-to-month contract with T-Mobile, thank you) and who knows how much it will be if unsubsidized?  Also, I don't know when it will be actually available unlocked.  4) I love Apple's simplicity and elegance, but I needed flexibility (of a Symbian based smartphone) and functionality.Alternatives? - I also considered getting Sony Ericsson's upcoming W960, but I coulnd't wait that long!

This is a good phone but the documentation is horrible.  It does not even list the extra items that come with the phone and what they do or how to use them.  I am sure their are dozens if not hundreds of things i could do with this phone but I can not learn from the poor instruction booklet.It takes an extremly long time for the shutte on the camera to snap after you push down and hold the button. It seems like 5 seconds. By then you or the subject may have moved.

Years ago, I replaced my regular home phone with VoIP but now it looks like I'll be replacing my home VoIP phone too! This Nokia N95 *is* my VoIP phone when I'm home! AND... I can take it with me everywhere I go.You can be anywhere in the World and as long as you have a WiFi connection, your phone numbers will be active for incoming and outgoing VoIP calls. I say "phone numbers" because with VoIP you can have multiple international numbers ring on the same phone. i.e. I have a Miami number, a London UK number and a Caribbean phone number all ring on the same Nokia N95 phone. How? You need a good VoIP provider that offers multiple numbers on the same account (called DID's).Throw all your other phones away!!! Seriously - but give yourself a couple of weeks first to get acquainted with this phone. It's different from handling a Blackberry... both physically and operationally. It took me a couple of weeks to get used to it - in fact, it was a week before I took it for a walk outside the house :) It's just a few ounces in weight and it feels very delicate - like it might break or drop. But that's only because I was used to handling a Blackberry which is much bulkier and heavier.VoIP guys - Bear in mind that you MUST install a SIM chip to get the phone working properly - without the SIM chip, the phone goes into "off line" mode and it basically impossible to get it to do anything. i.e. you can't get the VoIP working if the SIM chip isn't installed.Of course, there's so many other features like GPS, Camera, etc... there's a pretty steep learning curve but it's definitely worthwhile!Give yourself enough time and you'll fall in love with this phone!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!

The product is very good designed but think about the cost? If you did not have any mony const, you may buy one. Its GPS is not so good especially with its pre-installed software. You have to pay Nokia for the most GPS services. Only map is free. Its VOIP is a good opurtinity for free talk.Also visual radio, want to charge you. Be carefull!!If you had money buy a bluethooth keyboard for easy typing. If Nokia makes a mouse driver for surfing, It will be best product :)

The phone is great. There is only a little issue, sometimes when I open it, it gets stucked for a while. It shows the nokia logo and then it gets normal.

nokia n95 is complet phone it is smart and it is very strong to be conect with the network it is that phone I need

Yes, the phone is very expensive but if you're a gadget freak like me, then it's money well spent.  No other phone on the market has a 5 megapixel camera and DVD quality video on it.  Super fast web browsing through available Wireless LAN Networks or MMS...even works with Flash websites.  The only dissapointment is that the GPS tracking to use the maps feature doesn't work with Cingular Wireless yet.  Cingular uses TeleNav to locate your phone via GPS but unfortunately TeleNav doesn't support the Nokia N95 at this time.  A TeleNav representative told me it won't be available for a couple more months.  One of the drawbacks for being the first kid on the block with the coolest phone out there.

I received my phone just fine, and started it normally, and it was great. Except that when I tried to use any of the functions of it, it went black. That's not exactly the kind of thing you want when you buy a phone of this price!

I bought received the nokia n95 a couple of weeks ago so I'm still discovering its features tough I always have a nokia cell phone. What I still don't know how to do is to connect to a wlan. It seems I have to read the instruction book!Anyway, great camera, gps is ok, the mp3 sounds perfect.

Just impressive. This phone will provide everything you need and more. I've been using it to record my golf practice and the video quality is excelent!! Used the camera on night events and the flash will a good job..calendar, alarm settings, Office documents, movie device and music jukebox...just have in mind that if you use a heavily your multimedia options(video specially) the battery will only last for a day if not it will last for 2 days...wich was pretty much the same as my old Nokia e50.Yeah...the iPhone surely looks nice, but you don't have all the stuff that comes with this one. It's a must for every user thats wants to have it all in one device.

I bought the product mainly for the internal GPS. At first it worked, a little slow but worked fine. Then after a couple of weeks the voice guide was gone and the worse thing is that it is a service that costs you extra (almost 150 $ for a 3 year license). I mean, I already paid almost 600$ for the phone, why should I pay more for the use of the GPS with voice guidance. There are also somethings I didn't like about the phone and that is that it slides open easily inside my pocket and the screen gets very greasy and oily and its very hard to clean. I have had other nokia phones before (N70, N72, etc) but this one didn't really fulfilled my expectations. Although it is a great phone with lots of features, I was a bit disappointed with the fact that the GPS is not completely free(again just the voice guide). I read a lot of bad things about the battery, but as long as you don't have all the features such as Wi-Fi, bluetooth and GPS ON, the battery should make it for a day or 2. It also charges pretty fast.

i got this phone when it first became available in the us and i couldn't be happier.here is what i use this phone for:1. well, as a phone. this is a really great phone, with great reception and a really good speakerphone.2. internet:email -- i have installed gmail's little mobile client on it, and i check my email obsessively.traffic -- i have bookmarked seattle traffic sites and i check traffic when i am on the gonews, weather, facebook (their mobile or full-blown sites), random googling ("starbucks 98112")3. soundmp3s, audible through the standard audio headset output.another really cool thing is that n95's bluetooth supports stereo sound, so when i am on the go, i listen to my music on my wireless bluetooth headset (motorola's s9, which also doubles as my on-the-call headset), which makes works really great, and especailly on a threadmill.i use the same MicroSD cards with mp3s in my car's stereo, and in my laptop.the stereo speakers are surprizingly loud and good.4. gps: i have a gps in my car, so i don't usually use n95's, but it's great for when i get lost in someone else's car.5. random things: what else. oh yeah. well, the usual stuff -- my outlook schedule is sync'ed up with my phone, as well as my contacts. the sound recorder is great for taking down voice notes (i programmed one of the buttons for quick access, although i wish it was even easier).6. camera: i use the camera a great deal, but i don't think it's that great. i mean, it's better than any other cell phone camera i had, of course, but it hasn't replaced my actual digital camera as i hoped it might, it just isn't as good.i charge the battery every day. which i wish i didn't have to when i travel, but it is fine in everyday life.i guess the buttom life is that it has everything i need, in a way that actually makes sense, and that works, in one package -- one thing to carry, one thing to charge. when iphone came out i contemplated switching, but as slick as iphone's interface is, i just didn't want to give up the gps and stereo bluetooth.i am very happy with my n95!ps oh, and i am using it as a modem for my laptop (i connect thru bluetooth, look ma, no wires!)pps oh, and i dropped it so many times, on all kinds of surfaces (carpet, hardwood floor, pavement, etc;) and it's corners have scratches, but the screen is still like new, and it works really great!!wishlist for what i'd like to see in the upcoming versions of n95:1. n95, slim down a bit. thinner is better.2. can i listen to the radio via my _bluetooth_ headset? (yes, i know i need wired headset for antenna, and i am willing to have it plugged in. i still want to _listen_ via BT, though).3. can the gps be faster to acquire signal on startup? also can i preload maps for where i don't have gprs?4. can you make the battery last 3x longer?5. can you simplify access to voice recorder (one button push and hold?) and recordings -- i use it to capture thoughts, and i want it to be quick and easy.6. can you do sometihng about the camera? more than all the giga-megapixels, i want it to really be as good as my canon sd800 -- picture quality-wise, and ease of use-wise.7. copying mp3s to the phone manually is not as easy as sync'ing ipod with itunes, can you simplify things for n95?man, n95 is pretty sweet.

I researched the capabilities of smart phones in the market and those about to be launched and decided to buy this one over the 3G iPhone. Unfortunately my phone shuts off by itself every few days even with a full battery.  I sent it to Nokia for repair and it died again 48 hrs after getting it back from them. I then found several forums on-line where people are having similar issues with N95s, and others where people complain about the hapless service from Nokia repair.  That iPhone is looking really good right now.

The phone overheated when charging and so I had to return it.  Very disappointing.

I got this phone as a gift for xmas after seeing my brother in law's Iphone.Although this phone will cost you more than an Iphone,it is definetely worth it,because it does so much more than the Iphone.This phone a bit bigger and chunkier than the Iphone(size of a palm pilot,I guess).But the Symbian operating system works pretty flawlessly.The email setting is a piece of cake and so is the internet.I have the AT&T; mobile service and I get easyly 3G speed in most places(faster than your wifi in most cases).But when I go home(which is in the middle of nowhere),I still get an edge speed which is a bit faster than your modem conncetion.It also has bluetooth,wifi built in.And also your mobile service's package data holds pretty well(atleast on At&T;'s case).So browsing on the internet would not be a problem at all.The phone also comes with built in GPS receiver in it with Nokia map and Teleatlas.It will give you your basic map and directions when you are lot as a blind bat,but it does take a while.And also it will never beat your garmin or Lowrance portable GPS system.Now the best part about it.I WATCH MY HOME TV ON THIS!!!Please do not tell my boss though!!But it also comes with a free slingbox mobile.So if you have Slingbox at home,your N95 will connect to that and you can watch your home TVwhatever you have..Rabbit ear,Dish,Direct TV,Cable..whatever) in your phone and when it comes on a 3G network,you get very good picture as well.Oh by the way it alos has a FM radio in it and it alos plays music and video files.Please be a sport and tell me if your Iphone can do all of that????MANY THANKS AND GOD BELSS...

Nokia N95 is a complete dread.  I decided to get this over iPhone.  I bought 2 of them - as I have 2 numbers, both of them are overheated when charged.  When I spent too long on phone, it gets overheated and the system shuts itself just like that.  I cannot do anything but to take the battery out and wait for it to get cooler, replace the battery and turn it on again.I sent them to service, but the same problems still occurs.This is the worst phone I ever had in my life.  And to be honest, because of these 2 phones, I am scared of the name "Nokia"

It's a nice phone but for the price , Nokia should have done a lot better with this phone . First of all , the housing looks toy-like than the other phones that they actually manufacture for a lot less . The GPS is so basic that it doesn't even come close to the stand alone units that other company makes . If you do want a more refined GPS info , it's going to cost another $132 for the upgrade version for the phone . For this much money , it should have been a perfect or almost perfect next gen. cell phone .

Excelent gadget. I've been playing with this phone for over 6 months by now. I recently add the Garmin software to it and I've been using it as GPS for a week. The results are great. I can navigate to any place with it. I'm not sure if a Garmin Nuvi has more reception than this one, but the N95 works fine.The camera works great in sunny days or at close range, but with low light is not as good as a digital camera (still didn't see a phone with a better camera, maybe the latest Sony with 5mp but I think that its lens is the same Carl Zeiss one).I also bought a Sandisk 8GB Micro SD that works perfect with it.I used it to reproduce .avi and .mpeg videos with the cable in a TV and works perfect (the only downsize on this feature is the absence of a remote).You can retrieve your emails in a minute (Gmail - Yahoo or Hotmail) also can chat with it (messenger).Has also VOIP capability.Some of the Pros:- Many programs to add- Better camera than most phones.- Integrated and free GPS- Symbiam OS- Flash- Great video on sunny days and interiors with regular light- 3G- Expandable memory- Speakers volume and fidelity (compare to any other phone I've tried)Why is not perfect:- Pictures with low light- Absence of a touch screen (could have a better keyboard with this)- Use Interface (compared to the iphone one)- Battery (If you use it for playing video doesn't last one day long)- Absence of a tripod adaptor- Is not as slim as other phones (but is not too bad)- Small screen (compared with the iphone)- Wi-Fi range (compared with the iphone one- Headphones volume (don't know if is for protection but is low)

Ok, here's the deal: The phone, overall, is the best in the cell phone market so far. I had the Sony Ericcson P990i and it was absolutly great, but the N95 really exceeded all my expectations. The interface is really fast, it comes with all the gadgets you need if you are a obsesive compulsive worker who never really gets the office out of mind like me. The camera is so great I put the  digital one I had away and now I take all my pics and videos with the phone. The desing, OMG!!! It is so so sleek, so elegant, your friends and co-workers will turn their heads around with envy, I can assure you that. It's operating system is very friendly and complete, helping and guiding you all the way when you first use the phone. IM has never been so fun and fast and as always. The screen is very bright and large and you can see in the most defiant sun light who's calling. If your hesitating, please dont, go, buy the phone, my final word is: YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!! IS MONEY WELL SPENT!!!

I know there are way better phones out there, but this was a request from my aging parents. The Phone responds VERY, VERY SLOW. When you push the menu/option buttons, it takes a second or two to respond. This is not good when you think you are at 1 option and it highlights another.

What I di not like is the phone only worked for (3) weeks then trouble started, took it to a tech and found out speaker was bad andthe connection for the LCD screen had a broken contact which cause the phone not to turn off and lcd did not display. My reason forbuying one is I had one before and it lasted 5yrs without trouble.

it have everything i ever wanted in a cell phone, only one complain the battery drains very quickly.

This is the ultimate show-off gadget, as it has all features anyone could dream of, yet fail to deliver when being turned on.The battery lasts four hours when used on a typical day at the office. Using any of the other features besides calling, sms and calendar drains the battery way too fast.I had to return the phone, as I work longer days than 4 hours - and need a phone who can keep up.

I try many celphones, this is the very very best of them, tryed phones(iphone, eten m700, treo 650, a1200, etc)

Shipping fast was very happy this was a birthday present so it came in on timeThere was a couple of extras which was a charm for the phone and a 8 gigmemory card included which the recipient was very excited aboutThe phone works great in excellent new conditionvery satisfied

I don't know how people can be run out of battery in half a day. My battery lasts for 2 days. It might be because I have a new phone ??. I bought this phone a couple of days ago and so far i like what i bought. it's expensive, that is for sure but it's also handy if you don't want to use many gadgets instead. I haven't explored the phone fully. The battery runs out in 2 days ( which is not what I prefer for a cell phone) and the WLAN is not as strong as a laptop's integrated wireless receiver. Other than these I realy like the phone. My review might not be very trustworthy since I was using a nokia 6310i till now:)) .

I've had this phone a few weeks now and I'm not particularly impressed overall.The good:- Reception is good where I currently live;- Functions well as an MP3 player;- Display is nice, but certainly dwarfed by iPhone;- You're not stuck with AT&T;/Cingular;- Great PC interface;- 3.5G is nice (they have it where I currently live);- Overall very functional for day-to-day use.The bad:- GPS is almost completely worthless. You have to be standing still at least 10 ft outside of a building or car to get it to lock on to enough satellites to locate you, and even then, it'll take 2-10 minutes to do so. And if you get in a car and start moving or are walking in a big city (i.e., where you might actually need the GPS), it has a really hard time tracking you;- Battery life is good for 1-2 days depending on use;- It's not a very convenient size;- Camera, though 5mp, takes pretty unimpressive pictures under most lighting conditions;- Enormous price tag.I probably would not buy this phone again, but mostly on account of the GPS functionality. That was the main reason I bought the phone, and the GPS has also been my biggest disappointment. You're better off buying a cheaper phone and buying a separate GPS unit that actually works.

I'm the Chief Engineer for a major San Francisco Bay Area radio station and when my old phone died, I went over to the AT&T; store to get a replacement. I wanted one that would do audio streaming, wifi and played mp3's, AAC+, AAC files and, well just about everything. It also HAD to have a STANDARD headset jack so that I could use it with the headset of my choosing. I didn't want any goofy adapters or delicate plastic parts that would break off and leave me without service. AT&T; didn't have anything like this. They also wouldn't sell me an unlocked phone that I need when traveling internationally. I did some research and found the Nokia n95. While expensive, I decided to get one and hope that it didn't suck. It's possibly the most satisfying technology purchase I've made in a decade.It has the cleanest audio of any portable device I've found, including the IPOD and other mp3 players that I own. I found other features that I didn't think would be useful, like the GPS and even VOIP support. I get real time traffic and navigation from google maps and the included GPS enabled map prgram has proven very useful. The 5 megapixel with Carl Zeiss lenses takes great pictures and the smaller videoconferencing camera is useful too. It even has a high quality FM radio! The included software package installed painlessly and even made it simple to 'flash' the phone firmware to the latest revision,and sync up with my PC. No problems, frustrations or surprises. It's GSM and EDGE (data) here in the USA (AT&T; and T-mobile) and 3g worldwide (where available). Bluetooth, USB, IRDA and WIFI connectivity.Nice job Nokia! The feature set and hardware beat the Iphone in every area except possibly user interface, and I'm not at all unhappy with the UI. I'm amazed and recommend it to you now.

I am sorry  but this phone  is made of Plastic i think is not the  original phone ...not  happy  at  all

Buena camara, muy buen telefono, lo malo es que la pila no dura mucho, y que no puedes personalizar cada uno de los tonos para cada contacto.

To be clear, YES I have an iPhone... Am using it to type this while my N95 charges after watching the (entire) Rally to Restore Sanity on C-Span... What's that you say? The iPhone cannot watch it?? Oh, the Flash isn't supported? Well there is my forevermore beef with Apple and its notion of superiority-by-bullying...I use Skyfire as my browser (admittedly, when YouTube started saying "not supported, upgrade" I got annoyed, but I have my YouTube app for when I don't need to watch annotations or the HD stuff that the iPhone never supports (along with low-view stuff; see, not worth the effort to convert if it doesn't rack in the $$, UNLIKE the N95 that let's me watch EVERY video!)...So yeah, I use Skyfire for liking/faving/modifying subs and WATCHING FLASH or even just going to National Geographic and a bazillion other sites that are flash friendly. NO, not every high end flash site works; can't play flash 10 games... But FB ones are a breeze according to my Castle Aging niece... Dunno about all the odd farm things as I avoid FB in general...The camera makes iPhone users SO jealous... I love that I have had this gorgeous, MADE IN FINLAND (kiitos!!!) plum shelled delight--which btw, GET AN INVISIBLE SHIELD FOR... It will protect AND bring out that subtle sparkle to the plum if that is your thing (the iPhone ones are good, too, even if the phone is awful)...Calls: crystal clear.Signal: solid--picks up where both my verizon Samsung and crapple iPhone fail...FM RADIO ah man this is why I would DIE if I had to send it in for repair.... It sounds beautiful-even in brick and concrete dead zones--and apart from the odd requirement of a jack (I took a dead headset and stuck the earbud and jack together, connecting their wires, and paper-taped them into a cute little adapter smaller than my "Ant" (blue ant) Bluetooth adapter...The WIFI IS FANTASTIC. Up against iPhone again: it is THIRTY TIMES FASTER ON AVERAGE when on the same signal options, pshaw! I have had data plans but got rid of them as I can just pay $40 with taxes and get unlimited talk&text; from Uni Infinito ($50 if I cared for the data, which in Seattle is totally useless as free wifi spots are everywhere except where I shouldn't be browsing anyway!)One thing I will say for anyone thinking about buying it now... In late 2010 or even 2011... GET GEBUIBE NOKIA CHARGERS NOW. My first died after 2 solid years travelling--wrapped tight into a ball ad shoved into luggage day in and out... Bought either a fake (said Nokia but came from China--my Nokia one from Finland--and didn't stay attached, fell out and needed to be in a weird specific position)... Got a last minute desperate off brand that went a whole month... STICK WITH NOKIA SEALED PACKAGES... You will save $$ and they won't necessarily be around forever if Nokia happens to change charging methods which I hope they do not... The tiny travel one is the best btw... I had all 3 legit kinds and it rocked.An extra battery isn't a bad idea, though I am still on battery one and it can take a whole 30 hours of talk, text, and radio but only 3-5 hours tops of video via wifi... Or a few of camera use...The camera is wonderful... Use the landscape behind glass to take tourist shots, the macro with flash OFF for intense details, and auto with no flash for most... Night (no flash) works well if you are super still but it is still not a HD Canon, though I prefer it to powershot A-series cams by far and definitely like it more than sanyo/samsung/(eep)Kodak(haha)/most small cams... Video ispretty good in well lit places, but not so awesome if it is dark (though motion is still awesome--my cat attacking toys and wrestling, pouncing, etc is really clear, and fireworks look AWESOME on it--the contrast and speed are great so that is the night video exception... Any light-against-dark actually does work if stationary).The swapping of cards is essential for me. I download podcast like Diane Rhem every day or Savage Lovecast, Wiretap fromCBC, and Says You (favorite show!)... And that and shutterbugging all day quickly wipes a card out if not careful, so I have 3 4GB cards and a case for them along with the adapter for uploading..,I also love that I can auto-upload to facebook and Youtube via emails specific to my accounts (check the sites for details)... I get my friends' FB updates and a few ppl's tweets... The youtube app shows a decent chunk of my subscriptions (I can tweak it on the site to show different ones)... So all in all, fantastic phone. The stereo speakers and internal audio(for listening on headsets) really are top notch, and I tested it and it even transmits woodwind instruments quite well!That is about all I can say. I got it luckily in late 2007 for$320 with a 3 year extended warranty (was $279 before I added 2 extra years)... It is seriously, apart from the P-7811Fx computer I got in '08, the one great gadget that keeps me happy about the purchase 24/7 (better than the comp as far as "other phone options" and "other laptops" to compare)--really very few compare with the FINLAND-made--which not a lot are anymore--Nokia smartphones!!)Enjoy this little luxury... The other versions may even be cheaper; I like the int'l better than the gold one looks-wise, as it is really gorgeous... I like having KEYS as the i-gadget touch screens are obnoxious...The one perk of the 8GB btw is the ovi store full access--this one has a few glitches with it... Then again, I get third party always-free software. Symbian is seriously smooth and fantastic; the Google Nexus phones are the ONLY phones--what with 1GB processors!!--I would pick "over/before" the N95 right now, and duh they are brand new (windows' CURRENT edition is my third pick--apple needs to step up on hardware already!! Trend doesn't equal quality!! There are a few--still only a FEW--Windows 2010--never ever the old OSs!--that are good... This and the nexuses are the only 2 for me.., I have the iPhone because it was free... I don't make calls on it unless I can't use the N95 or am on a callto the workplace that contracted with AT&T; that is so much more $$ than prepaid and not a lick better!! Their only perk is seeing every call I make, hence having my OWN SEPARATE phone!)Hope this helps someone... If this phone is too old for you, see if other Nokia smartphones are Finland-made or get the Nexus (two... May be three when you read this). Said by a certified nerd-geek computer expert (by force, not simply choice; my family's business is IT engineering centered and  was a volunteer as a kid of the early 90s who grew up with junior high programming classes in FORTRAN leading to web design and hardware savvy by age 14).

This is the best phone I ever had. I use to use windows mobile phones, but Symbian is better.

I bought this phone to replace the Nokia 8801, which was, basically, a pretty phone . . . So ok, yes, I learned my lesson: Never buy a phone because it's pretty! . . . But anyway, I should have learned all I needed to know about Nokia from that experience, but I didn't . . . So I bought this one . . . And it didn't even last a week! . . . Between the crappy, not-very-easy-to-use features, the ridiculous automated-machine voice-dialing and the poor battery life, I was fed up in 2 days . . . But then I made the mistake of leaving the phone in the car on a hot day and the thing just shut down . . . Now yes, I know, cell phones are not meant to be exposed to extreme temperatures but I've left lesser (and better) phones in the car and they survived it . . . And this phone with it's toy-like exterior and light-weight, I felt sure could handle it since it didn't seem to have too many metal parts (which would have contributed to overheating)  . . Needless to say, for a phone that costs so much, I'm amazed at how little you actually get . . . Now the music player is cool and so, I assume, is the camera but really folks, this is supposed to be a cell phone . . . I have my iPod and my digital camera for the rest . . . If Nokia is gonna persist in making crappy phones, they could at least lower the price! . . . As for me, I am officially done with Nokia after this experience.

This is an excellent phone.  I enjoy having a high-quality camera together with my phone.  I went to Europe for a month last year, and although I didn't have international calling on my N95, I used the phone as my camera and took high-quality photos, then transferred them via Bluetooth to my laptop.  I highly recommend this phone/camera.

Dont get scared off yet just because of a few other bad reviews.The good1/ big screen, prominent style looking phone along with great reception.2/ best quality mp3 phone just like dedicate mp3 player.3/wifi internet is great , you can get to use free internet wherever u go along with available free wifi spot such as mall and other places.4/ shooting a vdeo clip is very easy along with acceptable quality mpeg 4.The bad1/ camera 5 pixel if you take with factory setting. i agreed not impresive, but take my advice all you need just to reset the setting ad exposer compensation and set on flash. i bet you will say wow. if you are still not satisfied. A little knowledge on computer not a problem u can fix or edit with any program such as photoshop and etc.2/ GPS is almost completely unreliable. i agreed; cant expect much from just a phone , but if you are just walking GPS is not that bad.3/ battery life is okay , if you are both mp3 fan and phone talker i suggest an additional battery ; The price it just a little bit high but hey it all about the brand name.OVERall: it's a great phone and deserve an attention. All in one. phone, mp3 player , camcorder, camera and GPs, you just cant carry it all.Hope this will help you decide according to your need and desire.;.'

First, let me just say i'm a gadget freak! I've been through A LOT of cell phones. From the motorola startac back in 1995 to my recent N95 (1st batch Asian edition).  I got mine overseas cos it wasn't available here yet at that time.True, the symbian OS sometimes slows down if you have too many applications open, but all u have to do is close them if you're not using them. Just think of it as a computer with only sufficient RAM..  and for the issue that the phone freezes and reboots, you'll find that in the long run it happens less frequently to none. Like a computer your phone is learning how you use it.  My phone doesn't even do it anymore and sometimes i'll have 3-5 applications open at the same time.I'm not gonna tell you what all the features this phone has cos you can just go to the nokia website and they'll have a better presentation for you.  But i will tell you that the all these features packed into one beautiful gadget is better than any phone out there.. specially the iphone!  I'll just give you a few examples..The video quality is the best you will ever see from a cell phone(true DVD quality), once i even saw a reporter in a news video using his N95 to capture the same news event.The mp3 player sound from the speakers is the best i've heard, clear and crisp! i even compared it to my friend's iphone, no contest!Mine is an Asian version, yet the GPS works over here.  I just needed to update the firmware to get faster GPS signal capture.As for pictures, 5mp is more than you'll need unless you're a pro photographer, and like with all other digital cams keep ur hand and subject steady and voila! Great pics!Radio tuner works very well! I use my phone to download and read books from mobipocket so why would you even buy thos big bulky digital readers?I even watch TV on mine when i'm out and about, via internet connection or through GPRS.. well that's cos i have a slingbox media and i downloaded the free media player onto my phone.Buy the bluetooth wireless keyboard and you can work on documents and spreadsheets while texting or having a conversation on your favorite instant messenger.Often people stare with amazement, when i'm having my java at the local coffee shop or at the bookstore, while everyone else is on their laptops i'm typing away on my keyboard and looking at 2"x2.4" screen.  Well i guess i know why they're staring. =) So much more stuff, but i'll leave all that for u to experience yourself.About 3G, mine came with 3G but is useless to me since my carrier is TMOBILE who doesn't work on that netowrk. I can't wait until the US carriers start supporting VIDEO calls cos this phone is PERFECT for that! Oh and here's a tip if you decide to get the phone.. if you're not using 3G change you're network mode settings to GSM instead of dual  for longer battery life(well at least that's what the salesman told me).Ultimately, I personally think that whenever you buy a phone you have to accurately match it with your lifestyle and your needs.  With the N95, I think this phone aims to please almost everybody.  Well except for the apple worshipers. =)note:  To all US carriers..  SUPPORT VIDEO CALLS  NOW!!!

I got my N95 3 month a go I have been traveling out of the U.S. and the GPS worked beautifuly, the phone is really wonderful

I had high expectations of this phone because it had so many features and Nokia is renown for it's usability.  But after a few weeks of persistance I am frustrated, dissappointed and am going to sell it.Until now I had a low end Nokia phone and separate ipod, camera, & GPS. My old phone could make calls & txt and the battery lasted over a week. The battery on the N95 does not last very long - especially if you are using WiFi. I find I have to charge it most days. I had to buy an extra charger for work and for the car.I text regularly - but find I've got to do more key presses to initiate a text than I did on my old phone - only a small point but slightly annoying.The GPS is fustrating - it's nice that you can get maps from anywhere in the world - but you do have to remeber to download them via the wifi before you go anywhere because here in NZ the network charges are to high ($10/MB from Vodafone!!!) to use the 3G network. I tried getting it to navigate to a couple of addresses - but it didn't find them. My Garmin Nuvi is so much better and easier to use. I couldn't see myself using this GPS unless I was lost and desperate. I downloaded the sports tracker application - but in the 3 runs I've been on it's never managed to find the satellites. I did get it working when I went on a boat.It's nice having a good camera in your pocket - I know I'm being picky but it's slower than my little Cannon IXUS and I miss the zoom. I also find that the camera shutter often opens in my pocket.The MP3 player is OK. I was eventually able to copy a selection of my music onto the phone. I had trouble making playlists on my PC - but did work out how to make them on the phone. I downloaded a podcasting application (I mainly listen to podcasts on my ipod). I was dissappointed I couldn't download the podcasts to my PC then sync them with the phone like I can with my iPod. This meant I had to download them using the wifi networks at home or work (which chewed through the battery) and I had to manually get them to update - I couldn't get it to automatically update from one of two networks.I tried video calling with my wife once and it didn't work - I don't know why and couldn't be bothered trying to troubleshoot.The browser was OK. I found it useful to access the web remotely in some cases - but it is painful to type in URLs. I couldn't access my web based exchange email - they URL just didn't open - no explanation. I was surprised there wasn't inbuilt support for email through exchange - you could buy something but I never got round to that. It did sync with my address book and contacts on exchange which was great - however I couldn't work out how to change the volume of the alarms that happened to remind me that I had an appointment.The final straw was a memory problem. If I try to open my contacts or send a text message I get an error saying that the memor is full and I need to close some applications - even though I have no applications open. This has made the phone all but unusable. From what I've read on the web it looks like this is a known memory problem that Nokia are working on but I'm not patient enough for them to fix it or to spend any more time trying to find a work around (I've already upgraded the firmware - which didn't work and is more than your average users should have to do).

What I LIKE about the phone:-The phone camera is actually great and takes beautiful pictures with giant resolution, although not as good as a 5mp camera (still pretty good), the video is also great with almost dvd quality.-The software is nice, easy to handle and allows you to install many applications available for the symbian operating system, I've installed msn messenger, skype, youtube and google maps.-The call quality is great.-The gps works great with the included maps application and even better with google maps.What I DONT LIKE about the phone:-After a week or two of use the slider becomes loose! and when you press a key the screen wobbles... This is a defect ALL the n95s have, and for some reason they haven't fixed, my family and friends who bought it are having the same problem... a real pain in the ***.-You have to recharge the battery every day.In conclusion: if you're looking for an expensive phone with a lot of features and are willing to put up with the loose slider problem then buy it... Although I think that for this amount of money that problem shoud definitely not be present.

First of all The N95 is an excellent Phone!!The antenna is Great! Signal strength is excellent (the best I have seen)Battery life is ok, power users may need a spare BL-5F (which can be easily carried around in a wallet).Other great features with the v21 firmware include:0) The 5MP camera provides excellent pictures vis-a-vis phone cameras. Wont be embarrassed when you share your pics with your colleagues, they may never know it was taken with a phone cam :D.1) Native youtube support using the web browser2) GPS / Maps applications like Google maps, Nokia sport tracker (which tracks your speed/ altitude/ location in real time while bicycling, and the map can be dumped in Google Earth)3) The stereo speakers are excellent and have great clarity and nice volume.4) The screen can be set to be very bright.5) 8GB microsd card can be used :D6) Great bluetooth support! almost all protocols possible7) Good for reading e-mails etc. supports push IMAP mails8) Can be used as a wireless bluetooth webcam :-)9) Compatible with almost any wired headphones / ear plugs10) NGAGE games are very nice and engaging :D11) Can be connected to a TV to playback video / slide show12) Can be used as a radio tuner :)13) Can change orientation landscape to portrait etc with rotateme application or by sliding in opposite direction14) T9 input is fast! especially when driving / using  one hand.15) Light weight and compact package16) The 5MPixel lens is protected by a shutterThe bads1) WiFi is ok. It is incompatible with Cisco Access Points :((2) The user interface is not eye-candy type and has a reasonable learning curve.3) Wired headset picks up a lot of noise4) Many applications are power hungry like GPS, Camera, Video, Youtube vide, streaming video, Battery life is marginal with very heavy use of these features.4) The TV out resolution is low! Things appear slightly pixelated

I bought this phone a little while back, to use around the world.  Right now I am in Kuwait, and it works great.  I have excellent service coverage.  I have used it to connect to WI-FI networks, take pictures and send them over 3g networks.  I also have used the GPS.  It works great for all of that.  It has so many uses available, I don't know if I will ever use them all.  The only thing that this phone could use is a different key pad for entering information.

A super fine cell phone, but Nokia should offer classes to use it. Too complex for the ordinary user... But if you do not want to carry a camera, an I-pod and a cell phone in our bag, this only device is perfect! Great camera, great mp3 and great cellphone (all in one).

I have to admit, Nokia is a client of the company I work for, but I assure you, this review is written from my perspective, and not the company I work for.The N95, in my opinion, is the most amazing phone ever made. iPhone? Doesn't even come close to what this baby can do. With it's built in GPS, 5MP Carl Zeiss digital camera, DVD like video, and the amazingly sleek look, I wouldn't use any other phone.I do have some negatives with it though, so this isn't all roses. I don't like how when I slide it down for the media controls and it switches to landscape that it doesn't switch back to profile when I slide it back. I also don't like that it doesn't work on American 3G (or HSDPA). Over seas, of course, this isn't an issue.Things that I like:-The layout of the front keys is a vast improvement over the N80 and the N73.-The number buttons really stand out and let you feel for what number you mean to push.-The image on the screen is brilliant and beautiful.-The quality of the camera is BREATH TAKING!-It's light and small even compared to the N73.-Everything else about this device.

Im really happy with my new cell phone unlock works really good the only thing that dosnt like me its the battery :p.It work perfect, the camera is just amazing, is not as cool as the iphone but its a great choice (y)I recommend this product

I bought this phone and waited for it for a month. When received the screen stayed blank even though I charged it, when went to return it the address was not acceptable to the postal staff... I feel ripped off, angry at the deal. I called amazon customer service and reported my complain. I need a refund

this is one of the best phone you can find in stock for now.  I use it as a camera, as a music player and of course as a phone.  I recommend this phone to everybody.
