
I just purchased the Kyocera Oystr today. Everything seemed to be wonderful until I downloaded two 'superphonic' ringtones for my new phone ('Snow' by the Red Hot Chili Peppers and 'Plush' by STP). The sound quality of these ringtones is horrible. I previously used the Audiovox 'Vox' 8610, and the exact same ringtones on the Vox sounded great. However, on the Oystr, the ringtones sound very fuzzy and garbled. On my old 'Vox' these ringtones are crystal clear. I now want to switch back to my old 8610, but I am having trouble doing so online. I only hope that I will be able to get my money back from the Oystr. The Vox may not have many special features, capabilities, or extras, but at least my ringtones sound crystal clear.

I bought two of these phones for my wife and I on Friday. We had our phones on for only one day and the batteries went dead. Neither of us even used the phones to talk on! That means the standby time was only approx. 15 hrs.! A decent user friendly phone otherwise. VM could have a good thing going here, but they refuse to do anything about the battery life of this phone. I called and told them my situation, and they said to take the phones back for a refund. I asked if VM plans to do anything in the future to fix this problem and he said no, they are only 20.00 and you get what you pay for. He then recommended the VM Snapper. I couldn't believe my ears! VM better make this right or they will loose many a customer over this lemon.

The phone is cute looking and some of the features are OK but what good are those if the battery life is sometimes less than 24 hours?  The longest the phone has held a charge for me is 36 hours and that has been on standby!  The screen light does shut off as far as I can tell when the phone is shut so I doubt that is the problem.  I originally had sent back the battery thinking is was bad but it looks like the phone as a whole is bad.  Don't bother!!

It's a decent-looking, but feature-poor (feature-weird?) phone.  The problem with the battery life that most readers point to is because there is a fault in the flip-cover that will turn on the LCD screen and leave it on when the lid is closed.  I traded one in that had an average 8-hour battery life.  My current one isn't so bad, but the 36-hour mark noted elsewhere seems pretty accurate.The default wallpaper choices are ghastly, the screensaver is a joke, and only the most pristine and simple ringtones come through clearly.  I had a Nokia shorty, and thought I'd "upgrade" to this phone when the Shorty's battery got dodgy.  Color me educated, because if the mood soon strikes me (and I feel it will), I'm going back to the Shorty and its 6-day charge.  Plus, I kind of found the flashlight handy.Some final things: The menu/button layout is one of the most confusing affairs I have ever laid witness to.  The web-browsing for balance, etc. is slow and inaccurate.  Plus, FOLDED, it's bulkier than the Shorty.

STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE!The phone has a lot of great features but because it doesn't hold a battery charge what good is it?We're going back to Tracfone. We're not big cell phone users at all and we wanted a flip phone, and since we don't use the phone that much we didn't pay attention to the battery life of the phone until this past week, twice this past week my husband charged the phone and after using the phone a couple of times for short calls the battery went dead, so he charged it again, within a day he got 1 phone call, the phone rang 3 times, he picked it up and got cut off right away, battery went dead again.Virgin Mobile says this phone has I think an 8 day standby? no way. I called Virgin today to ask what they're going to do about the problem, they offered to ship me the same phone again, and couldn't guarantee that the battery would last longer then it does now.Virgin offered me nothing else to compensate for this useless phone, what good is a phone if the battery keeps dying? I thought maybe I'd upgrade my phone but they wouldn't give me a credit for the useless Oystr phones.I ordered the Motorola V176 today from Tracfone and will go back there. This Motorola phone was available when I was still with Tracfone so that's why I switched to Virgin Mobile. I'm very disppointed in Virgin Mobile and the fact that they won't credit me for 3 phones to upgrade shows they don't care.Sorry for my initial glowing reviews, I had no idea at the time that the battery was going to be such a problem.

I bought two of these phones, both got less than a day and a half of stand-by battery life.  Called Virgin and they said that early models were OK, but there's a bad batch out there now.  Buy the "Audiovox 8610 Vox Prepaid Phone" instead, it's comparable in size and features and its stand-by battery life is much closer to the 7 days advertised (and you can easily get an extended battery if you need even more time).

I'm here to say that I swore I would never get a flip phone, why you ask, because I like to be different, but I had a tf that wasn't a flip and loved it until I started having trouble with it. The ringtones on my tf were nice, tf just recently has ringtones that you can downloaded.  Well a friend of mine convinced me to try VM he has had his phone over two years and loves it. So I checked out the site and picked the Kyocera Oystr Prepaid phone. I love it and really its not bad for a flip. The only things I wasn't to keen on were the screensavers and the wallpaper that they had, I downloaded more wallpaper that I liked and I just don't bother with the screensavers. I downloaded two ringtones that I liked, that I found on the site. I would recommend this phone for anyone wanting to purchase a flip phone for the first time. Its easy to learn and not to complicated. The only downfall of this phone is the battery life. Will be glad withn VM can fix that, I only have mine as a necessity and emergencies.

I finally gave in and joined the portable phone era when I bought my very first one in Fall of '06 (the Virgin Oyster).  There were only a handful of requirements I had for this purchase:  I wanted to stay to be able to contact and be contacted while away from my home; I wanted to be able to text message; and I wanted a service plan that didn't require a long-term contract or the purchase of huge block of time.The Oyster fulfilled all these requirements and proved to a sturdy and reliable tool...that is, until one day recently (about 20 months after I first bought it) the display screen suddenly disappeared and never came back.  The phone still turns on, and makes and receives calls, but needless to say, without access to the ability to read and navigate menus, I lost access to any texting capabilities and my contact list.Before i wrote this review, I read through some other user's reviews about this phone and two mentioned having encountered the same problem of the disappearing display screen.  It's such a shame, too, that Virgin couldn't manufacture a dependable and durable piece of technology because i would have remained a customer of theirs, but now I doubt I will when I replace this phone.  Sure, the argument might be made that it was only a $20 purchase, but VM was getting about $100 dollars a year from me for their service, and because they couldn't even make a product that lasted for at least two years, now they won't.So if you are already own one of these phones, take this notice as a warning to be sure and copy your contact numbers, and either copy or forward any text messages you might want to save.

I have had this phone for several months now. It has decent battery life (not bad as other reviews claim), good signal strength, and it is very cheap! What else do you want?If you are looking for a low-end cell-phone, this is it.

I just took this phone back to Best Buy. I had the same battery problem and mine quit accessing the network about a week ago. I could still call but no XL. BB let me use 29 credit on an 8610 cause it was past 30 days.

THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PHONE AT A GREAT VALUE!  THIS WAS AN UPGRADE FROM THE VIRGIN MOBILE JAX CELL PHONE.  THE OYSTR IS WELL WORTH THE BUY.

If your screen is blank, or dark blue, power your phone down by taking out the battery. Put the battery back in and get a toothpick. With the phone off, and the phone in the closed position, pinch the toothpick through and push down the power button till it goes on. It may take a few tries, but it worked for me, my screen went on, and I was able to continue using my phone. My suggestion would be to get your contacts off, in case it doesn't work again.Good Luck.

The phone has gotten a lot of hits for battery life. I had the phone run down quickly once and quickly realized that if you close the phone on a select few functions it doesnt turn off the screen. It maybe a slight knock on the phone but if you simply look at it you can tell if the screen is on or not. If it is just reopen it and close it and the screen will turn off.As far as the phone itself it has a few games a few ringtones and a few images. You can buy more, but frankly I dont care.You can set it to vibrate or to vibrate and have a ringtone. It has plenty of functions for a inexpensive phone, such as web access, texting, speakerphone.The best part of the phone however is the quality of the calls, my relatives have these ridiculously expensive phones with cameras and doo-dads and they sound like you're talking inside a toilet. This little cheap phone has 5x better sound quality than theirs. This is the little phone that can and I love it.

Please note I'm reviewing both the Virgin Mobile service here and also the Oystr phone.First the phone. I've had Virgin Mobile service for 2.5 years and have been using an old Audiovox flip phone which is very small. Lately the buttons on the Audiovox are getting a bit dodgy and my eyesight is getting worse too (I'm 43) so I wanted a phone with a bigger, brighter screen. I've been waiting for Virgin Mobile to have some decent phones and I was excited to see this Oystr phone available at such a decent price.However I discovered that you get what you pay for. To me, this phone was only marginally acceptable. First off, the phone seems very buggy. Sometimes the keypad backlighting comes on, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes the screen remains lit througout a call (that surely accounts for part of the battery problems people have been reporting), sometimes it doesn't. Setting the backlighting to turn off after 7, 15 or 30 seconds made no difference on my phone; it always turned off after 2 minutes or so -- when it did not stay on throughout a call. The messaging is buggy also -- to give one example, the automatic capitalization works after a period, but not after a question mark or an exclamation mark. This latter bug doesn't seem limited to my particular phone. I emailed Virgin Mobile about it and they emailed me back to say they replicated this on their Oystr also. How it is that a phone aimed at young people doesn't have good SMS software is simply astonishing to me -- it's not like this is a new technology. I've been using SMS-equipped phones for years in Asia, where most people send SMS messages more than they make phone calls. All of these bugs were giving me a queasy feeling so I decided to switch to the Nokia Shorty, which I am much happier with. Nokia has, in my opinion, the simplest and easiest to use cell phone software. The sound quality of phone calls on the Nokia compared to the Oystr is far superior, in my opinion.This phone seems okay for someone who really wants a flip phone at a low price. But if you use your phone or SMS messaging a lot I think you will find the annoyances of this phone rather great.Now let me talk about the Virgin Mobile service. I think it's very good overall. I have a special set of circumstances -- I'm often working outside the US for months at a time. Therefore it seems a waste to me to pay a large monthly fee for a phone which I will not be using perhaps half the year. Virgin Mobile's service fits the bill perfectly. So far as I can tell, this is the cheapest large and well-established cell phone service. If you want a cell phone only for emergencies, to keep in the car, to use when you arrive at or are picking someone up at an airport, etc., then I think you can't beat Virgin Mobile. The minimum you can pay with them to keep your phone in service is $80/year -- and that $80 goes toward call time. You have to add $20 to your account every 90 days to keep your account active. Then minutes are 25 cents/minute for the first 10 minutes on any one day, and 10 cents/minute after than first ten minutes (Virgin Mobile does not actively advertise this deal anymore, but it is still available if you ask them or search carefully on their website).In contrast, Net 10 seems cheaper -- 10 cents/minute all the time -- but you have to pay a minimum of $150/year to keep the service active (this is as of Sept. 2006 -- plans change frequently, of course).In addition, Virgin Mobile's customer support is exemplary. Every time I have called them with a problem, I got a knowledgable person who spoke English fluently and was very helpful and friendly. Their website is excellent and easy to use. I explored switching to the Net 10 service when I discovered the Oystr was such a poor phone -- Net 10 has some nice phones available. But calling their customer service was a nightmare. It seems clear to me they have followed the trend toward outsourcing their customer service to offshore call centers in order to save money and it was very difficult to get basic information about their service. Net 10 as well has a reputation (do a search on Google) for having a difficult time switching a phone number over to their service. I decided not to risk it and just stay with Virgin and the Nokia phone. I'm glad I did.Overall I give Virgin Mobile very high marks for their service, but poor marks for the phone selection. I do not know why they do not offer one good solid higher-end Motorola or Nokia phone to attract more adults (and smarter people) to their service. I hope in the future they see that they could reach a whole new market with their good service if they offered phones not just aimed at trendy high-schoolers but also at (slightly) older folks too.

Nice little phone. Does so much for the low price.  Virgin service & coverage is excellent!

I had this phone years ago and I love it-it's a simply phone meant to be used for emergencies and texting-all I need!

It is not perfect ergo 4 stars.  I am not interested in receiving calls as much as making them.  I have the .10 cent a minute plan and since there are no roaming and toll charges it saves me money.  I have found that the battery lasts a long time if you press the red phone until you hear the beep and the phone shuts off.  You get no incoming calls you do not want - then you turn it on when you want to call out - you then shut it off when you are finished calling out.  All in all I am satisfied with my purchase.

I bought the green version of this phone (was a Target Special, ~$18) about 2.5 years ago. This phone has been a gem. I've had no problems with battery life (lasts about a week on standby). However, I got the white version for both my parents and they did experience problems with battery life... I read somewhere that had to do with a specific version of the phone, unfortunately I don't remember the details. I use cell phones mainly to make calls on the run... I don't do text messaging,  the web, emails, etc... That's what computers are for in my world;) So the fact that this phone is really basic is a positive for me... I switched over to Virgin Mobile approximately 5 years ago, and I've been very pleased... I don't do much wireless calling, so paying by the minute has saved me hundreds of dollars per year versus my earlier contract deal with Sprint. I even got my parents (they're 70+) to switch over to Virgin... They also couldn't be happier.. We must be some of their oldest customers;)... This phone is $9.99 at Virgin's website, with free shipping... Don't pay a dime more.

This is a great phone and I've had no problems with the battery life.  The large numbers are great and the phone is very cool looking.  I haven't seen a phone out their similar to this one at this price.  I highly recommend this phone.

This is a real bummer because this phone has the features I wanted but there really is some sort of issue with the battery.  Mine would only last 24-30 hours although the box says 200+ hours of standby.  I'm on my second phone with the same problem and will be returning it today to get something else entirely. I've talked to both Kyocera and Virgin Mobile about it but no one wants to acknowledge there is a problem.  Virgin Mobile customer service has ranged from outright rude to pleasant but unable to solve the problem.So just don't bother buying this phone or know that you're taking a risk if you do.  And if you have this phone and are having trouble, please call Virgin Mobile to complain and maybe someday they'll get around to fixing it or making it right.

With all of the mixed reviews on this handset I called Virgin Mobile Customer Care to get the real scoop.  This handset had trouble with the battery life when it first launched but this issue has been resolved for quite some time now.  So I went ahead and purchased my very own Oystr - I've had it for about a week now and love it! The color is cool - more of a pearl shade and who can beat the price of $17 for a color flip phone!

It is my first cell phone EVER (I thought I'd NEVER catch on to them!) and I LOVE(D) it. Then.It (did) everything I needed, which was only the basics.It's a pearly white, and the cover feels awesome. It's not slick, however. Like many phones.You can text message, and call people, and all that.But the things I HATE about this phone are showing up now. And just so you know, this review was 4 star-rated and relatively positive. But now it's time to edit and show you the problems I've had thus far:I think a good place to start would be the ring tones:The default ones are somewhat annoying, and the ones I've tried to put on my cell NEVER worked!!! Take this as an example. I love Keyshia Cole, Mariah Carey, Vanessa Carlton, John Mayer, Incubus, Nelly Furtado and Kelly Clarkson. About half of these artists I've tried to put onto my phone through free services.Those DON'T work! Almost any offering where you can get ring tones, it's always Sprint, Verizon, AT&T;, Cell One, Boost and T-Mobile but NEVER Virgin. No. Instead, we must suffer, or buy the LATEST ring tones (which some of them I abhor). >_&lt;The other option I had was to get some DIRECTLY from the artist, if I bought one of their CDs. I've tried a few times to get 2 of Vanessa Carlton's ring tones from her 2007 album. I definitely sent the text and got no response. I've gotten ONE response when I tried to get a Keyshia Cole ring tone and followed the directions to find out this silly phone isn't compatible.Ugh. I'm an avid music fan and I just couldn't understand why it doesn't allow other ring tones to be applied. So that let me down SO much. But in college I wasn't really concerned with that stuff. I just needed it to keep in touch with my ride home and to call a few people every now and then. No texting whatsoever. That didn't hit me till later!But I was glad that you had the option of buying the Virgin time cards almost anywhere instead of one of those expensive service plans!! And I hear it's a HUGE mistake ordering them from amazon! A lot of people have been complaining that the phone cards here expire about a month after you get it or have ALREADY expired by the time you get it! So, so wrong.Although it's been there for me there are many problems such as while it's charging (and on) you can't turn it off without unplugging it first. Tell me why that is? I'm sure other cell phones aren't like that!2.75 stars (is my final rating, weighing the good and bad).Edit: recently i just tried turning it off while charging, and it went blank. also, like i said the only time that i successfully downloaded a ring tone was through the phone itself (from Virgin). it does its job mostly, but surely other phones do it better (and with less trouble)!

I have had my Oystr for a few weeks. In general it performs well: nice loud ring and earpiece, clear microphone, contacts (address book) easy enough to use, display is colorful and sharp. Earpiece volume is easy to control, even in the middle of a call, with buttons on the side of the phone that fall naturally to hand. It does not support AIM (instant messaging) or picture messaging. It is a real bargain at $30 including shipping. The keys are mostly large and easy to use, except I find the Back key to be a bit small but still usable. I have not used the speakerphone or web browser on the phone so can't comment on them, except to say that I prefer the Oystr's dedicated speakerphone button to the menu-based Nokia system.It took me a while to find out how to put email addresses in the phone book for use in text messaging. It doesn't say in the product manual, either, but if you just keep pressing the down button (the one just below the OK button on the 4-way controller) you go through several possible phone numbers for a person, then get to both email addresses and web URLs.The battery life is disappointing, which is why I gave the phone just 4 stars instead of 5. I think that the firmware controlling backlighting and keypad lighting is buggy. The main screen's backlight stays on all the time the phone is open, and I don't think it should. Even worse, the keypad lighting was on all the time until I disabled it from the settings  --> display --> backlight --> duration menu. Until I disabled this I got only one day per charge, even with no use of the phone. Now I get at least two days, maybe more, but I don't like to run it down all the way so I am not sure how long it would really last.I didn't like any of the ring tones included with the phone. So I invested $2 in a new one that I like very much, "Old Telephone 1". Obviously just a matter of taste; I like a loud, natural-sounding ring. I didn't much like the default wallpaper or screen saver either, but disabling the screen saver and changing to plaid wallpaper made the phone much easier to look at.Virgin Mobile has increased their offerings in both by-the-minute and monthly charges. I am a very light user, so the by-the-minute offers appeal to me the most, but their $7/month + 10c/minute offer is also good for me, especially during months when I expect to use the phone almost every day. Sprint network coverage (Virgin's provider) is OK in my area, but be sure to check out your coverage before you get a Virgin phone. There is no roaming allowed, you use Sprint or you get no service.In conclusion, I think that the Oystr is a good basic phone, nicely designed and sized, well-suited for phone calls and text messaging. Its one flaw is buggy backlighting, which leads to reduced battery life. Turn off the backlighting as much as possible and the battery will last a few days, so it isn't a deal-breaker. Compared to my previous Virgin phone, a Nokia Shorty, I think the quality is similar, but the design (flip phone vs candy bar) is better. The Shorty had a different flaw, a bug that would cause it to turn itself off at random times once a month or so, and also a possible bug in the charging system that sometimes caused the battery not to recharge fully. The Oystr's bug is much easier to live with.

Ok so for those of you who are upset about the gadgets not being advanced enough...... come on, it's $20!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You get a great bargain for the price, if you want to upgrade, the next phone is $50 and up! This phone is being discontinued according to Best Buy, so if you're debating GET IT NOW AS THERE'S ONLY A FEW LEFT IN STOCK AND WILL NOT BE COMING BACK. Just keep your charger handy and or take the suggestion from a customer on here and adjust your settings. I bought this phone for my sister who will be entering college in a couple of weeks, the service is a Sprint line, and the free nights and weekends are the best! Paired with a $20 prepaid phone card, this is a great gift below $50!!

overall a decent little phone for if you just need something for basic use.  the quick-key funtioning is awkward and not intuitive if you're used to say, a nokia, but you get used to it.unfortunately (as many have noted) the battery is garbage.  even brand new the properly 'trained' battery only holds a charge for about 8 hours and offers less then 2 hours of talk time.a decent phone for a kid or someone who doesn't need advance features - but keep a charger handy in the car, in the office, at home, etc.

Okay, so all the bad reviews for this phone almost made me not buy it. However, I needed a phone, and this one had nice features, and texting is cheap, so I went ahead and bought it, figuring I could return it if I didn't like it.So, the first thing I notieced is that it is a nice phone. It is a perfect weight, comfortable to hold. The white case has a pearl-sheen to it, and is solid feeling. It is a study and tight phone, very durable. The screen is 128 x 128, and it looks muay nice. I've seen $50 phones with screens of lesser quality. You can change the brightness and contrast. I lowered the contrast one level, and it looks nice and crisp.The phone is easy to navigate. It played with it for two minutes and figured out where everything was. It has the standard virgin mobile graphics [pig with wings, donkey, dragon, robot, etc.] and they aren't distracting or anything. The menu's are easy to navigate and see. The fonts are clear and easy to read, not cramped or odd colored. It comes with 4 backgrounds: swirls, diamond pattern, skulls & roses, and multi-colored eagles. On their site you can download more for $2. The phone comes with themes also, and you can download more.The ringtones are nice. They've now added a 'Euro ringer' because the older generation didn't like the superphonic [song] ringers. The Euro ringer sounds like a normal phone, but just a tiny bit more fancy so as to not be boring. You can download hundreds of ringers on their site. I currently have Super Mario Brothers theme. The sound quality of the ringer has improved, it sounds loud and clear. No more tin box or static sounding.The text imput is simple. You can disable auto-text and what not, and typing is fast. It is simple to navigate email, text, and inbox. Speed dialing, one touch, etc. can all be enabled, and they are simple to use. You can change sounds, including 'text recieved' alarms. You can add signatures to text messages, and graphics. The phone has both text AND picture messaging, even though the phone doesn't have a camera. Texts are cheap compared to most. A standard text is 5 cents both ways. However, even on the prepaid plan, you can sign up for a monthly texting plan [while keeping your prepaid plan]. You can get 1000 text messages a month for $9.99. Not a bad deal, best you will find for texting anywhere, especially for prepaid.Web browsing is simple and easy to navigate. With one press of a button, the phone will pull up the number of minutes you have remaining. You can do this 5 times a day for free. If you are low on minutes, you can register your credit or debit card or paypal account on your Account through their site. If you check your minutes and it is low, then you can simply enter a dollar amount to refill, hit OK, and you have added more minutes. Very simple and convient; very nice since you don't have to go to a store to buy a card. All minute plans are 18 cents a minute no matter what, and this includes tax.Oka, onto the matter everyone cares about: battery life. With the first Oystr's, battery life was terrible. Beyond terrible. Maybe 10 hours if you were lucky. Luckily, after so much complaing, VM has corrected this problem. With the older phones, the backlight stayed on constantly, even when the phone was closed, which drained the battery. Now, you have more options. You can go into Menu > Settings >Display > Duration. By default, the backlight will remain lit even when the phone is closed, though the screen goes off and the backlight dims. The purppose of this is so that if it is dark, you can see a faint blue glow coming from your closed phone, making it sylish and easy to find.If you wish to stop this, go into Duration and select disabled. This will disable the backlight WHEN THE PHONE IS CLOSED. When you open the phone, the keys will light up just like normal. The difference is, the backlight NEVER stays on when the phone is closed. Battery life goes back to the stated 7-8 days. The only thing is that when the phone is open, it takes a full two minutes for it to dim. So that is two minutes of talking when the  phone will be using a little more juice. But it doesn't make a huge difference. If you purchase an Oystr, do what I said [disable the backlight] and the phone still stays lit or the battery doesn't work, you ahve been sold the older, not-thought-out-too-well model. You need to contact VM and get them to send you a new one.Reception on this phone is good. I'm yet to have a call dropped. The calls go through fast. Since you can pull up reports on your minutes, you don't have to listen to the robot tell you how many you have left. The sound quality is good. I can go into the very lower level of the school library, which is all stone, and I still get reception without a problem.Rates on this prepaid plan are very nice, especially when you take into consideration the reception quality. Pay by the minute is 18 cents always. Texts are 5 cents always, both to send and recieve, UNLESS you want to sign up for the monthly texting plan [1000 for $10]. You can sign up for the text plan WHILE remaining on the pay by minute plan; VM is the only one with this. Another thing I like about VM is that I can switch between monthly plans and prepaid plans as often as needed. With other prepaid plans, once you switch to a monthly plan, you can't go back to pay by minute. With VM you can.Overall, I really like this phone. It was dirt cheap, $20, and it is NICE. If it had a camera, it would be perfect. It is strong, crisp, has an Xcellent screen, nice downloads, good ringer, has song ringers which are also unheard of for a prepaid cell at this price, has excellent and strong reception, on-demand minute statitics, instant minute purchasing, etc. I hightly recommend this phone, as long as it is the newer model.

If I could give it 3.5, I would.I've had this phone since August 2006.  It was my first cell phone at age 18.  I can't afford a plan, so the prepaid plan works for me.The phone works great for me.  But I have 2 problems.  First, the battery life is not that great.  If I leave my phone on all night, when I wake up, I have low to no battery life left.  My second problem with the phone is how the ringtones sound.  I have bought so many ringtones of songs I like.  They sound great online of course, but then I play them on my phone and they sound like crap.  I do have some ringtones that sound great still, have static though it isn't a big deal.  However, for example, all my Evanescence ringtones don't come out right.It is a good phone though.  The graphics are great and it has really good features.  I just wish it came in other colors or was slimmer.  It is too lumpy in my pockets.  (I will admit I want another phone, one that is purple and has a camera, but those all have plans attached.  Bummer)  Though the phone does the job.

i switched to the VM oyster from tracfone because TF was soo expensive and the phone had no features. i like prepaid because i am a 19 year old girl that has RUN UP A BILL OR 2 BEFORE...i went to radio shak to buy a kyocera k9 for my brother but they didn't have any so i got the oyster. i read the package and was so impressed that i got one for myself too for only $20 each. (my TF was also $20)i LOVE the SLEEK LOOK of the oystr and the color scheme(and the name too!). the features of this  phone that my candy bar nokia tracfone did not have include: speakerphone, internet access, large colorful lit number pad, color screen, cheaper minutes (i pay by the minute 18 cents, TF was 33 cents), screen saver, the option of adding money to the phone with a credit card(with tf you have to use a card which means going all the way to the store), graphics, simple volume adjustment, and my favorite...NICE LOUD MUSIC RINGTONES! i have purchased ringtones including: T.I., Missy elliot, "chain hang low kids", 2PAC, and "sippin on syrup" by 36 mafia.you can also choose celebrity messages for your voice mailbox. (its cool to have the yin yang twins answering my phone!!!!!)basically this phone offers WAY more PERSONALIZATION than my former TF.my TF's battery lasted A LOT longer than the oystr's does but i just always keep my oystr plugged up and take the cord with me if i go someplace.i also like it when i tell people how much i paid for it and they say "WOW". (The cheapest flip fone you can find!!!) i prefer flip phones over candy bars because they look classier:)IN CONCLUSION i think it is a good basic phone and you just cant beat the price! and the price of the minutes is good for me.

at first, the battery charge didn't last the entire day. the screen stays lit up EVEN THOUGH THE PHONE IS CLOSED. it NEVER shuts off. so i just changed the setting, battery stays charged all day. PENNY TEXTING is awesome! just 9.99 a month for 1000 messages. this is the easiest way to stay in touch as a family. way cheaper than calling and wasting minutes. unlimited plans are awesome too as nights start at 7pm. perfect time for my 12 year old to get home, do homework, eat dinner, and then call her friends. OH you can also text message to a land line and the message gets read to you AND you have the option of replying to that message! that feature has come in handy already. nice, simple, no frills phone with a plan to match. you can also earn up to 75 bonus minutes a month just by watching some ads on the website. it's called sugar mama, try it!

I have this phone and I have to charge it every single day. I've ran out of battery in the middle of conversations a number of times, it is horrible. It has a poor signal also. I wouldn't recommend this cellphone to anyone.

I brought 2 Oyster recently. I have no problem with the batteries. You need to set the backlight to 7 secs. This way the battery will keep its charge longer. A charged battery can remain  on standby for almost a week.As an previous poster noted, it was the older models of the Oyster that had a battery problem. If you can get good Sprint service, then Virgin Mobile will work for you.I was lucky that I got 2 phones for free after the rebates. There is no charge to activate the phone. You get 15 min or so of free time. If youfind that service is  bad in your area, then you don't have to pay anymore.

This phone has extremely disapionting battery life. I must charge the phone daily if I want to make calls.  The phone is beyond annyoing.  The stated battery life of 8 days (without making calls)is a down right LIE.  I'm going back to the Kyocera Royal, which makes me look like a technological fool, but in this case I must take function over form.

This telephone I thought was a good thing to buy until the digital readout went out and I could do nothing about it and Virgin Mobile which sent their call centers overseas did nothing to help me after 8 phone calls. The phone I bought another from from a co worker that was the same phone and was hoping that the phone would still be serviced. I had 200-400 contacts on it and was told that it was a privacy issue why they could not transer the contacts from one oyster phone to the other. Everyone I called gave me a different answer. I looked on a website and found out that HIPPA with Too much privacy was the reason why Virgin Mobile told me that. When today I took the phone into a store they tried to use some kind of machine to plug it in to retrive all my contacts and could not because the machine told them the phone had been discontinued by Virgin Mobile. I thought that if there were still some Oyster phones out there they had to service them prepaid or not. Now I have this phone and no way to get my contacts from phone 1 to phone number 2. I did not do anything to make the phone go dead and make the digital readout go out. Found out today from a friend who knows cell phones that at any time if a phone is discontinued by the company they will not even try to get your contact list transferred over. They sold me another phone today because I am not technology inclinded because I am 55 years old called a MS-40 by Samsung and am not convinced that the contacts will be transferrable in this phone and know that they will not be. I am putting it in a notebook and writing them all down because if this new phone is taken off the market or discontinued then they are not even going to try to help me and are going to say like they did today that privacy laws prevent them from getting my contacts off that phone. Greed and the advancing technology by the second has made the cell phone companies get people to buy another phone every year by their contacts not being able to be transferred over because if that cell phone is not in that machine there is nothing on God's green earth that will get your contact list back EVER. I hate your Virgin Mobile for not caring and saying it is privacy's falt when it is GREED's falt for why you have decided NOT to help me the customer since 2008. I hate your guts. I wish I would have never bought this phone knowing that my contact list within a few years would be gone. I am not convinced that this new Samsung phone is going to be transferrable either even if they told me this in the store because of so many lies that customer service has told me and got a different answer from 8 different customer reps why they would not transfer my service from one phone to another and it took 8 calls to do it and why they could not transfer my contact list. Virgin Mobile sucks and I did not ask for you to discontinue this phone because the SIMM card reader software said on the screen to the clerk in the store that this phone I could not have my contacts. I want the public to know to never have this phone ever becuause the contact list is not transferrable not matter what it says on the internet because they discontinued this Oyster K9D phone.

This phone has a great color screen, good sounds and animated screen savers.  But, the battery life is only about 1 day without making any calls.  The screen backlight and keypad lights stay on for a long time even with power saving mode turned on.  I wouldn't recommend this phone to someone who doesn't want to have to charge the phone once or twice a day.

My husband and I have been pre-pay cell phone users for about 5 years now, we were with Trac-Fone, the only reason we left Trac-Fone was because we got tired of carrying around a heavy phone and for some reason the flip phones available through Trac-Fone didn't work for us, we never had a problem otherwise with Trac-Fone or their customer service, but because I wanted a flip phone I decided to do some research on other pre-pay cell phones out there.A few weeks ago we decided to go with Virgin Mobile Audiovox 8610 and were basically happy with the phone except the 1 complaint that many have expressed, the sound of the ringtone was way too low, other then that we were happy with the signal and customer service.I decided to buy my mother a pre-pay phone and saw the Oystr on the Virgin Mobile website, she's not a big cell phone person either and we just wanted to get her the phone in case she needed it for an emergency, I got the phone and charged it and was amazed how great this phone was, the ringtones go to level 7 whereas the Vox 8610 go to level 5, the ring was so loud that I had to put it down to a level 3 for her and that's still loud, so I was happy about that, also this phone is easy to program and the speakerphone worked great, this phone also offers voice dialing, just program it and all you have to do is press the send button and say Home or whatever you choose and it dials it automatically.We loved this phone so much that we decided to buy 2 more Oystr phones and are returning the Vox 8610's. We were able to buy the Oystr at Best Buy for $29.99. I can't find anything wrong with this phone at all, the outer shell is hard and seems less susceptible to damage, the ring is very loud, we get a great signal, and the phone notifys us if we have a voice mail message. You can also send text messages and browse the web with this phone but since we're not interested in that I can't comment on it.You can also download ringtones etc. for this phone. I can't say enough good things about it, for the price we paid we got a really great phone. Virgin Mobiles customer service has been awesome also, we had no problem changing over the phone from the Vox 8610 to the Oystr.

I am one of those crazy Ye Olde Tymey Gen-Xers who just want a phone that rings and such.  I feel like a real fancy boy because I can do a bit of flippage with this phone.  It works great for a cheap piece of (expletive).If you are like me and hate using a cell phone, and think all of the unnecessary bells and whistles are useless, than here we go, it's fun time.  BTW - all the chicks dig it, especially Rhode Island Reds.P.S. if you don't know what a Luddite is, look it up and learn something for a change.

We bought this phone in December of 2006 because we needed something to be able to call taxi's when we had our car stolen.  It eventually became a second phone because we loved the service so much.  I used this phone specifically for five months and then gave it to my husband and then got another VM phone.  I had no problems for those five months and the battery life was nothing like what other people were experiencing.  What others fail to realize about battery life on any phone is, if you are constantly searching for signal, have your phone in your pocket, purse, etc. it's going to eat the battery on the phone.  If you live in an area with bad signal, it will deplete the battery faster then normal, just like a laptop when you are using the internet, the wireless (because it's always searching for signal) will make the battery life less.Overall, the features of the phone are basic, can download ringtones, graphics and that's about it.  It does come with a few games (which I can't even get to now..more on that later) and it's compact, stylish and great for a prepaid phone.  Overall, for the service I give 5 stars, but for this phone--I only give it three.It's cheap, we only paid 20 dollars and now today (about 14 months later) the screen turned a bluish hue on it.  About a few minutes later, I restarted the phone and it just shows black as if the backlight had finally burnt out on it.  A phone should last much longer then this, BUT for it being only 20 dollars and lasting more then a year...I guess we really can't complain.

Well, it was a basic working machine until suddenly and without any specific reason, display didn't work! So now it is like an ordinary phone set and I can't read the contacts and all numbers!

IT IS ALL ABOUT VIRGIN.  I HAVE HAD BETTER CELL SERVICE IN THE CONGO.  THIS IS THE WORST WORST WORST SERVICE IN ANY COUNTRY---THIRD - FOURTH - OR FIRST.  DON'T BUY ANY PHONE ASSOCIATED WITH VIRGIN!!!  YOU'D BE BETTER OFF WITH A TIN CUP - STRING AND A CAN...

Ok. The actual phone is awesome. I love all the features, its small, its pretty. The phone is good. The service sucks. When I bought the phone, it said service is available in my area. Not so. I have walked all over this town and cannot send or recieve calls and texts ANYWHERE. I have been wrestling for customer service for days now. Unless you live in a huge city with a lot of cell phone towers, do not get this phone. It won't work for you.

i have had about 4 oysters, i love the phone it does it all, with one small problem, after a year or so the screen goes black, just black & thats it, it still works but you can't see any of your numbers or anything, so i keep buying new ones because i love the phone, i've learned to write on paper all my numbers for when the oyster screen dies then just put them in again.Larry Steele

Virgin mobile deactivated 4 of my phones and never notified me. I had changed a credit card which was excepted on line on a MOnday and on Tuesday I tried to make a call and found out they turned off all of my phones. I called my credit card company and they said my card was fine and don't know why Virgin Mobile did this. I went back and forth with Virgin and even asked for them to take a different card and they refused. I said then connect me to customer service and they said I had to email them. It would take 24 to 72 hours to resolve this. I emailed several customer care and was told to call Virgin again. I thought they were crazy. I called and once again was told I couldn't do anything about it. So again another email and a return with the same answer. Finally I received a email a week later at a address called charge back,she asked what she could do and I said please send my credit card info back. Well it was done and I was never notified and they only activated one phone. I have 3 dead phones with a lot of money in them. I wouldn't go with this company because if anything ever goes wrong with your account it will take at least a month to resolve it. I am now with a different cell phone company and still trying to get these 3 other phones turned on so I can use up my minutes. I have over $300. invested in this company.

I bought this phone for my younger son.  It was perfect for him.  The buttons were big enough for him to use.  The phone was easy to set up and easy to use.  Virgin mobile is a great service also for just about any age of user.  They have great options and keep getting better!

I bought an Oyster years ago when I first got Virgin Mobile service.  When the display screen went dark, the Oyster had been discontinued and I didn't like any of the phones available, so I settled for some phones that I don't even remember their model names.  I rcently happened to discover some Oysters available on Amazon and bought one at an insane markup (the original was $20 but included $20 worth of airtime).  Yes, the Oyster has a number of problems, which is probably why it didn't stay on the market long.  It needs to be recharged nightly, and the custom contrast setting takes a few seconds to kick in when it's flipped open (the screen is nearly unreadable unless you boost the contrast to maximum).  But for some unexplained reason, I like the Oyster and missed it.  I especilly love its distinctive happy bubbly ring tone!

I love this phone almost 2 years old now and no problems! Virgin is great too! I have several! Great for kids: just do text: $10 a month! no contracts no fees! it's freedom!

I was with T-mobile for a year but the reception nowhere near as good as virgin mobile.I couldn't make calls in stores or anywhere in almost any building.With Oystr i can actually go down into the basement and have 3-4 bars.The style is sharp but no faceplates for them...yet?.Overall i love it and the service.

I have been with Virgin for several years and decided to upgrade to the Oyster from the K7. I found that with a "soft-sided" purse, I would accidently turn on my K7; the Oyster's hard cover keeps me from doing that.  I don't use my phone very often and have the minute2minute plan - which is now down to $.18 per minute.  The only problem with Virgin is lack of coverage in our area.  We have mountains all around us and our highways are not on the "beaten path" therefore we have large areas that are not covered by Virgin or most other plans. But for 99 9/100ths of the time Virgin is great

I bought this phone for a pre-paid Virgin mobile phone that I give to my mom when she comes to visit from abroad every 6 months. She used it when I bought it, then I stowed it away for 6 months, fully functional. When I got it out 6 months later, the screen was not working. the phone could dial and receive calls, but the screen was black. I eventually threw it away and got her another. No Kyoceras for me!!!

I was very excited to see a new one of these for sale.  I have had by for almost five years and have dropped it one too many times. I will have to try and be a little more careful with the new one.

Battery lasts about 36 hours from full charge to shut down, making no calls. Specs say standby time 8 days. I called Virgin support about it - rep says "8 days is if you leave it turned off." Not very useful advice. This is not specific to my particular phone - I got one for my dad at the same time, and it has identical battery life.

We excitedly bought the Oystr phone for my teenager in late July, activated it, charged it, etc.  It never held a charge for more than 36 hours.  We tried a charger from her sister's Kyocera (different model) phone.  Still no charge.  Returned it to Target, and exchanged battery for another Oystr battery.  Still no charge.  Finally returned Oystr phone with replacement battery to Target and exchanged for another Oystr phone.  Again, tried to charge 3 times using the 3 Kyocera chargers we now own.  THIS PHONE WON'T HOLD A CHARGE MORE THAN 24 HOURS!!!  I got on the internet and found that LOTS of people are experiencing the same thing with the Oystr phone.  It's obviously NOT the battery, NOT the charger...IT'S THE PHONE!

I have been a V.M. user for almost 3 years with NO problems whatsoever. I recently bought this phone just to get something different from the trusty Audiovox I had used forever. It had been dropped,kicked, frozen, drowned and generally abused for over a year and NEVER failed me. Another reason I bought the Oyster was that it was cheaper than the battery for the Audiovox.(That phone is still available for $49.00) The only negative is that was not very loud. If I get half the service from this phone as the other, I'll be very happy. This one does have better graphics, however. V.M. customer service has been the best, although I only called them twice, so maybe I just got lucky. Who knows. 1 last bit of advice: stay away from the monthly plans if you can. It may cost you more per minute, but,if you use yours like I do, it won't be a big deal.

Bought two phones for me and companion as a Christmas gift.....excellent price..good features......etc etc!!! Now the LCD screen is totally blank!!! I can make and receive calls......but......what the heck???Oh yes......i can bring back to the dealer and wait God knows how long to get it back!!! Why bother??? I'll just let my TOP-UP time expire.....and so long VM/KIOCERA!!!
