
I've had this phone for over a month and I have had too many issues to make me want to keep it. I've already replaced one memory stick and any MP3's that you want to play will drain the battery to where the charge will not last the entire day. I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again. At one point the phone wouldn't turn back on, so I had to remove the battery and figure out why the battery wasn't working. Aside from that any pictures or videos that you want to shoot, make sure the subject is only a few feet away or the quality will be poor. For a $500 phone, I'm not impressed.

PROS: high quality sound, great mobile camera, flashlight, FM radio, bluetooth, sharp screen, expandable up to 2gb of memory, dedicated shutter&volume;&play; button, sharp looks, good phone sound qualityCONS: wish screen was bigger, have to use adapter for headphones, no stereo speakerphone, needs true flash, slow USB speed, sony memory stick pro duo's are kinda pricey!This phone is small, the same size as my previous Sony Ericsson t616a.  The screen is very sharp having about twice as many pixels as the 616. The external speakerphone is surprisingly clear but not as loud as it could have been.The camera is the best i have seen on a mobile phone.  I took 150 pics this past weekend and the results were excellent.  The camera has a lot of difficulty in low light since there is no flash.  The flash attachment will probably be a future purchase for me.  Videos are low quality but servicable.  The camera will not replace a real digicam, but it's great to always have a decent camera with you.The included headphones are surprisingly high quality and the sound through them rivals my ipod or zen micro.  The custom equalizer, playlist support, and dedicated volume and play buttons are a definate plus.  The ability to turn off the phone and leave the music on is a definate plus for travellers.The last reviewer apparently has something against sony.  5 years ago, there were no mp3 player phones with CD quality sound (except for maybe in japan, but i doubt it).  A simple search through the back catalog of phone makers would show this.  Also the measurements of the palm treo 650 are larger than this...just check the specs.  also the ROKR has a 100 song limit...not good!This phone hardly has limited capacity.  This phone takes the place of 3 devices i used to carry around.  Now i carry around this little phone.

I bought the phone about a week ago and have been using it since.  I am very happy with it and give it 5 stars.Pros:  It has ALL the gadgets.  FM radio, MP3 player, 2MP camera/video, memory card.  It's small but not too small and fits perfectly in my hand.  The weight is perfect and looks fantastic in orange and white.  Very many compliments already.  Works flawlessly with T-mobile.Cons:  Very minor but I know that this is what people consider so I will list everything I can think of.  The only real flaw in the design is that the camera cover does not seem to close all the way.  It's a minor annoyance and I'm not sure if it's just my phone that does this.  Also, you cannot charge and use the headset at the same time.  The earphones supplied is bulky with a big plastic tubing that is heavy as well.  I just swapped it for another since you can use any that has a minijack.  Some have complained about the keys being too small but I say I rather have a smaller phone.  Cost.I hope this helps.  I recommend the phone to everyone.  I'm not sure if a carrier will pick it up but I suggest buying it unlocked since you will lose many functions.

The W800i is the first "Walkman" branded phone by Sony, which I really don't care too much about. The K750 plays MP3's as well, but the difference is that this phone comes with an adapter with a 3.5mm headphone jack, while the K750 you were stuck with the crummy proprietary headphones. Still, I wish Sony just put a 3.5mm jack directly on the phone so I didn't need that adapter cable.Sound quality is excellent - the supplied 512MB memory stick is plenty for now, but if I really wanted I can put in up to 2GB of space using the MemoryStick DUO PRO. I haven't used the supplied Sony software for the PC sync yet, since I have a MemoryStick reader built-in to my Sony TR3A.What I really love about the phone besides the 2 megapixel camera is the speakerphone function. The built-in speaker on the phone is not shabby at all, even for just casual music listening.  It is perfectly suited for conference calls using the speakerphone. The mic picks up the voice clearly, and I haven't had any complaints from the other side (they rarely even notice that they are on speakerphone).The FM tuner is a nice little perk, although you need the headset connected since it acts as the antenna.The user interface is, surprisingly, very good.  It's intuitive and responsive, and although officially you are "required" to use  Sony's proprietary software to sync via cable, there is an update you can download that allows you to use iTunes to transfer songs to your W800i.The W800i, for now, comes unlocked and ready to go on most GSM networks, which luckily includes T-Mobile. I just pulled my SIM card out of my now-gone T610, popped it in to the W800i and it was on the T-Mobile network as soon as it powered on. Reception has been good, the sound on the phone itself has been a little on the low side, but I don't think it's a huge problem since I'll be using my Bluetooth Jabra and speakerphone 95% of the time.So in all, yes, the phone is $500.  But it's worth every penny in my opinion.  I'm not obliged to a contract that requires to me to give up my first-born, and it replaces THREE devices that would have taken up room in my pocket (phone, camera, mp3 player).Convergence devices like this are the wave of the future, and I think Sony Ericsson is heading it the right direction.

This is one of the worst buy I have ever done and without a doubt the worst (and most expensive) phone I've ever owned. I bought mine about 4 months ago and I still curse at it daily. That's how bad it is.So many bad stuff I don't know where to start...1) Some basic phone 101 functions are not included. For example, if a friend sends you a text message to ask you the number of your friend John, on most phones you can access your "contacts" while writing the message, and get John's number automatically. I could already do that on my first phone back in 1997; but no such thing on this 400 $, 2005 phone. You have to remember the phone number or write it on a piece of paper and then type it yourself.2) When someone who is not yet in your contact list sends you a text message, you should be able to use that message to save their phone number, right ? Wrong. On this state-of-the-art phone, you need to pretend to call then, then quickly cancel the call, then scroll through to your "called numbers" list, and from there you can save the new phone number.Just these 2 things give you an idea of how well-designed this phone is.More bad stuff:3. The PC software is horrible and counter-intuitive. It will take hours for you to understand how it works and start transfering music to the phone.4.The mp3 player software is awful to navigate in. Plus external buttons are badly designed and you sometimes jump to another song without wanting it, or start playing songs by accident while using the phone.5. Random exasperating fact : I have a one Giga memory card and there is about 200 megas of free space on it. Yet every two days I have to spend time deleting text messages because the phone cannot save those on the memory card. And you can't receive new messages when the allocated "text message memory" is full. I can tell you, it's a great feeling to have to drop everything and chose some msgs to delete, in order to receive your new messages, all the while knowing you have enough space to store about 4 full CDs on your card.There is more but I guess you got the message. Just don't buy this overpriced, underdesigned exasperating piece of...phone. I am going to post this review on a few sites, I've never done that before but I guess getting pissed off every day for 4-months deserves some retaliation.

this w800 , disappoint meis worst cell that i bought.i take a beautiful pictures with de camera but when i am going to see they not here, i lost them.when i transfer the mp3 songs with the original software, this songs have a horrible noise between them.i am very disappoint with this cell(w800), now I am going to buy  a k750 sony ericsson

This is the best phone on the planet.  2 Megapixel Camera (takes 3 sizes of pictures as well as video), play your MP3's via the 512mb Pro Duo card (phone can handle up to 2mb Pro Duo card - which is what I have), FM Radio, browses the web like a mo-fo, speaker phone, infrared/bluetooth compatible, bright 2led light, and can be synchronized to your pc.  I use the alarm all the time while on trips, I use the memo's, appointment setting, I use everything on this phone and it is completely flawless.  Choice size makes it convenient to carry and use.  Available accessories: Camera Flash (makes yor phone a real camera), Transmitter (so that you can play your music through the radio - way handy).  Comes with software, and hands-free headphones, & charger.  It's the best!

Well ive had this phone for about 4 months now and i have to say its amazing, well built, very lightweight, great sound, awesome amount of memory. Overall great for the mp3 walkman kind of guy, and a person that loves taking photos.

I OWNED this phone for 1 year.I HAVE OWNED SonyEricsson T610 and many other Nokia phones.I CURRENTLY OWN SonyEricsson K790a, and LOVE it.PROS:-Bluetooth, MP3's, Internet, Java, Camara, Screen, Color, Overall Styling, Large Selection of Accessories-EXCELLENT camara, even for only 2MP.  Similar camera features to Sony CyberShot Products-EXCELLENT battery life considering features.  Held charge just as good after 1 year as the day I bought it-Small, fits in ANY pockets nice-Screen Resolution is similar to other phones, however the pixels are closer together and produce crisper images and refresh rates than other phones.  This is something MOTOROLA has been horrible at, including the RAZR and SLVR-Joystick makes navigation fast and easy for internet, games, and phone operation-Durable:  Mine survived half a dozen 3 to 4 foot drops.  Doesn't fall apart-MemoryStick Duo is cheap, and compatible in many other of my Sony products-Excellent call quality-Faster processor than predecessors for faster applications and better animated menus and icons-Faster processor ensures that functions are fast, including saving pictures to memory, reviewing items in memory, looking & listening to music and pictures.  Many other menufacturers have problems here, including MOTOROLA-Trend-setting.  Not many Americans use these phones -- UNIQUE.-Phone received good radiation rating, better than most other manufacturersCONS:-I upgraded to K790a.  This phone is cheaper and has improved features-Like most SonyEricssons, volume is too low, including external speaker.-Like it's predecessors, Bluetooth errors can cause the phone to freeze up, which can only be fixed by removing the battery-After time spent in pocket (lint, etc), camara lense cover may begin to stick.-I would consider reception the worst in its class.  This has been addressed in newer SonyEricssons.-No EDGE or UMTS, only GPRS...so lower data speeds-Only browses websites designed for mobile devices

I received this phone as a gift and it is by far the best electronic gadget I ever had.  It is easy to use, has great phone reception, great sound for the mp3 player and it even is a nice (not the best) digital camera.

It took me almost 6 months to decide to buy this mobile phone. I checked mp3 players of 1 and 2 GB and checked phones with cameras only. Although signal strength depends on many factors my friends with nokia and even siemens phones enjoy better signal quality than myself with this brand new kick ass phone from SE. I use to have a SE T610 and it had real bad signal, my new W800i is hardly a little bit better than its predecessor.I thought also that being a walkman this phone would come with a built in mini jack output, but is not; It comes with and accessory that you connect to its bottom and then you have your mini jack input, that means that you have to carry in your pocket another heavy wire. It does works as a hands free accessory but for me this is just another wire to carry and I hate that.Battery life is quite good 2 to 3 days using the mp3 player and camera moderately (played 15 to 20 songs, listened to the radio and took 10 to 15 pictures and 1 video) and off course using the phone on which I use monthly 800 to 1000 minutes so you can have a base to compare.The thing that shocked me the most was its color, the pad keys lights are also orange (that was an ugly surprise) I kept saying to myself that it was a great phone with a terrible color combination and all the gadgets made me buy it. I was used to my T610 elegant and sophisticated look and I miss that a lot.Yesterday I saw and I pod with video and I decided that I am buying one of those and change this mobile for a normal phone with good signal strength.

if you want to play stereo music at every time & place, store files, has a 2MP camara on the go, run small software, usb, iRda, bluetooh conectivity... this gonna be a great choice.

I like the phone the moment I have it. It's a phone with lots of impressive features. I think many people have commented on how good this phone is. I would like on the other hand to point out some problems (seems to be quite known after searching through the internet):(i) the manual is close to non-existent. It just covers the extremely basic functions and doesn't cover the ones that we actually need help with. E.g. how to remove the sim? how to set up voice dialing? The sony ericsson website doesn't help much either.(ii) the software is EXTREMELY buggy. I have updated the firmware of the phone and the softwares for the PC but still can't get the phone to communicate with the PC well. E.g. sometimes, I can't get access to phone directory/memory stick and need to either disconnect, reset, turn on/off the phone and/or PC in order to make it work. I heard that there are numerous problems in the transfer of songs to the phone using the come-with software.(iii) the buttons are unintuitively designed, like many other SE phones. It takes some time for me to "learn" to use the most simple functions such as mp3 player, name input, etc. I have used more than 10 cell phones so far and SE is the only brand that lets me feel that I have to "learn" to use the phone (I had T610 before, btw, Nokia is the best with respect to this).

I waited a long time for this phone to come out. I knew it was a question of time before a decent music-player phone comes out so I never bought an iPod or other portable music players.Now that I've got the W800i for a couple weeks, I can swear this is the future iPod killer.  Great sound, very good 2MP camera, great GSM phone, 3G coming out on the W900, cool games and the memory that will keep increasing (2G on W800i and 4.5G on the W900)...I won't bother you with all the specs. As for the con's, I've had some difficulty with entering letters in some of the menu. Also, play list are not easy to modify. Lastly, I often get "emergency call only" which I wasn't getting on my previous phone...I have 1.8GHz, 2G RAM and didn't have any problem with downloading songs to it. Actually it goes very fast (faster than transferring to your PC with Windows MediaPlayer);Sony got it right this time, now if only one of the US carrier could wake up and include it in its line up...!!![FEB2006 Update]: I've had that phone for quite a while now and still love it. Great functions, good signal. I use it at the gym or on travel to listen to music (I've put close to 20CDs on it with a 512M card). I have about 20 games on it. Took great pictures. I've had some difficulty with the "My friends" function and installing "Opera Mini" on it. I'm a bit puzzled by the negative reviews I've read. I haven't had any problem with it and some people need to get some facts straights...you can save numbers from SMS, and the included SW couldn't be easier to use...

I've owned my phone for about 8 months now and once you get used to it, it rocks!!!

I own this phone for about few month and its just perfect.i use it a lot as an mp3 player and the sound is very good espesially on the latest firmware. It is loud and clear.Battery life is very good also. Camera takes very nice pictures. Flash is usefull too. You can take good pictures in the dark in the close distance and you can also use it as a flash light.All I can say is I live this phone.

I've had this phone for about 4 mo so i have had some time to play with it. A total disappointment especially considering i paid full price for it. Lets see:1. reception - my wife and I have the same network provider, she talks on the phone next to me and I cant. I have bars, but they drop as soon as I dial. Once out of a dead zone, it takes it FOREVER to reconnect. If you are hunting for a weak signal, you better pace yourself - really.2. menu speed - atrocious. Sometimes I have to reboot it to get it to move a little faster.3. camera - yes it its 2MP and it has a lens cover, but the time it takes to focus on something is abhorent.4. radio - available, but dont try to use it while you are moving. The reception is worse than on a 1940 radio on lamps.5. robustness: after 4 months, the lens cover does not fully close and the rubber tip on the joystick fell off (let me tell you it is a pain without it)6. the software suite that comes with it a black box. either works or does not. Install about 100 drivers and hope it all works (its all magic really). I still don't exactly know what version of firmware it is running, even after going to through what appeared to be a successful code upgrade.7. the software has some memory leak, so at times I get out of memory error messages from time to time. Another annoying issue are screen artifacts probably also caused by the same issue. You must reboot to clear these issues.8. the headset they sent is unusable. I don't usually have problems with ear buds, but these ones just refuse to stay in. BTW - no stereo Bluetooth support...I wish I could return it...Anyone want to buy it real cheap??

I needed a new cell phone and I got it.  I needed a new digital camera and I got it.  I needed a new walkman and I got it.  I didn't need a video camera but got it anyways with the Sony Ericsson W800.Okay, I know this is cliche' but this phone is so cool!  It looks cool too!  So far, I've had no problems whatsoever.  The phone is very user friendly, the placement of all the buttons are nothing but convenient.The camera is top notch!  There is quite an array of settings on this camera that rival if not pass up my old Olympus digital camera.  It has different shoot modes such as Panorama, Frames and Burst. This little camera will do pictures up to 1632 X 1224. It has night mode and also a light you can turn on (kind of like a flash but not as good - but I think you can order a flash for it). There's a timer, and I love all of the different effects like sepia, black and white, negative and solarize.  It sports a great zoom, white balance settings...I can't believe all the stuff that's packed into this little orange and white thing.Music was easy to download with the software that was provided with the phone.My only disappointment was that the phone was not compatible with Verizon's cellular service - at least that's what Verizon's people told me.  I thought "unlocked" meant you could use it with any cellular provider.  I ended up with Cingular which is a bummer because I can't get a signal at my house (I'm in the mountains) but it's fine in town.  With Verizon, I'm able to get a signal at my house.The phone can use the "blue tooth" technology and connect to the internet but I won't be using any of that.  I know that some have complained about the price but considering all that you get in this phone I can't complain - I think Amazon has a good price and I've seen some on Ebay go cheaper if you want to chance it.UPDATE: I ended up selling the phone because Cingular's signal strength stunk.  It may be better now that Cingular merged with AT&T; but I doubt it.  I was never able to access the internet but I'm sure it wasn't the phones fault - probably a user issue or wireless provider issue.

Kinda pricey, but for the price you get three pieces of essential geek tech in one.  You got a decent Bluetooth enabled cell phone, an MP3 player and a 2 MP camera.  MP3s and pictures are stored on the included half gig memory card.  The controls are super sweet with a joystick like button to navigate menu and MP3 functions.The phone comes with a data cable, so you can transfer pictures and  music from your computer directly onto the unit.  It has a speaker phone which also plays the MP3s pretty decently.  Music is best enjoyed with the dual purpose headset/earphones, but the speaker is cool for when you want to show off to your friends... or in my case, play music my babies.The camera is alright, its pretty good in bright conditions but really crappy in low light situations.  that's the only gripe I have with this camera...er... phone.  Using the two built in LEDs to brighten the scene will usually cast a yellow tone to the picture.  Oh, did I mention the LED lights?  This phone has two LEDs above the aperture of the camera, I usually use it for lighting the way at night, its that bright.  I have the light on a shortcut, so I just need to click the joystick to the right and it activates.  Now, I can pick up my phone and leave my mini camera and iPod behind, I don't have to keep stuffing crap into my pockets anymore.

I didn't buy this phone on Amazon. However I searched over 20 sites reading reviews making sure this phone was sound. Not once did I find a reviewer that did not like the phone.First, let me tell you that this phone is great. It takes photos and movies, plays music, music videos, and I still haven't figured it out yet, but can play regular movies that are saved on your mem stick. I haven't figured out what format yet, but when I do, rest assured, I'll edit this and let you all know. I'm trying to put Black Hawk Down on the stick.As far as reception goes, it's great when you're outdoors but come into the house and you'll be lucky if you get 2 bars.  That's due to the 850mhz reception.  Cingular uses the 1800 or 1900, I forgot which one, and the 850mhz for building/wall penetration reception.  I actually had to pop my sim card in my old nokia to make an important phone call.So as a multimedia phone, this rocks. It does not replace the ipod like others have claimed. However, most people always have their phone on them and not the ipod, so you'll have everything you need, phone, music, and camera.Now my complaints about the phone...no standard headphone jack, and no 850mhz band.  Other than that, this phone is awesome. It's lots of fun and one thing to remember, when you're loading music on the phone, it's not like the ipod-itunes connection. What i mean by this is that the songs you load on will not appear on your phone unitl you unplug the phone from the computer. And if you wanted to put downloaded pics on your phone, place them in the "others" folder.  That's it, enjoy the phone if you buy it.

I bought it in December 2005 as a gift for my brother. Kudos to Sony, it failed in 7 months for no reason! It turned off once and never turned on again.  I called Sony-Ericsson and explained that phone has failed but I can't send for repair them as it was overseas at that moment (my brother was using it in Europe) and I can Only send it to them in January 2007. They refused it to repair under warranty since warranty will have been expired by then.Although it had failed while under warranty, I sent it being a fee for repair. Here I am not even talking about the trouble their service center caused about the payment. More than one month later, their repair center sent it back to me unrepaired (and yet they charged $25 for nothing). I called the repair center and they told me that the phone is "unfixable"After all, I paid so much money for a piece of junk. If you are willing to pay for garbage, then go ahead and buy it.This is not my for experience with Sony. Terrible item, terrible service, terrible company.

thought i would update my review. it's my 2nd year of ownership: i don't baby my stuff, but this phone is more or less holding up, though a bit cracked and aged. the little orange jewel thing in the joystick fell out. the joystick itself no longer functions properly - this apparently is a common problem with w800's, if you research online. probably why sony replaced the joystick in the next model. the mp3 player is great, although this phone is limited to 2gb memory. stupid, proprietary, expensive memory! another annoyance: i have accidentally answered the phone, declined calls, and even gotten music playing, all while the phone is locked. be careful. the w800 is treacherous and will find a way to turn itself on and play white zombie right in the middle of church, even if locked and in vibrate mode. the camera shutter won't stay shut, so the lens is usually dusty and takes poor pics (like all cell phones; why do they insist on putting cameras on these things?). finally, sony seems to keep the volume purposely low - i have very good hearing, and have to leave it on maximum. it usually isn't enough in a loud city environment.other than these observations, however: a good phone (in terms of connectivity and clarity), great music player. people are always impressed whenever they see it. excellent for long airplane trips, as opposed to carrying around an expensive, delicate, power-sucking, begging-to-be-stolen ipod. you could do way worse.

A few issues I have to deal with (and was able to fix):W800i is not supported by T-Mobile, so even though I signed up for the T-Mobile web, I can't use T-Zones including instant messaging. However, I can check all my email accounts. If my email messages are HTML, it will show up as a blank screen. Unlike a PDA, it won't let you view all web pages. It will only view pages designed for mobile phones.Apparently, W800s manufactured between Oct-Dec 2005 comes with buggy USB drivers and buggy Disc-2-Phone software. Out of the package, the phone had trouble communicating with the memory card. You can test if you have this problem by going into the "file manager > more > format ext.mem." If the "format ext.mem." can't be selected, it is a sign of the faulty driver software. The weird thing is you can take and save pictures on the external memory card but when it comes to transferring music, you will find problems.To fix the problem of unrecognized ext.mem. go to sonyericsson website and download the latest USB drivers, the newest version of disc-2-phone and phone update service software. Install the USB drivers and disc-2-phone and finally update the phone's firmware using the update service (make sure you have flash player installed. Otherwise the update service won't run.) The update took about 15 minutes so make sure the phone is fully charged.Once I've updated the phone, it's working like a charm. It has no problems communicating with the computer. I would have given the phone a five star if I didn't have to work this hard to get it to work properly. Now, these issues aren't universal, you maynot have any of these issues I had to deal with.By the way, the music quality on the phone and the quality of the included earbuds are excellent. I've been a happy iPod user since it came out and the Sony W800 music quality is as good (if not better) and those Sony earbuds quality outshines the crappy iPod earbuds. Of course, like no exception to all PC based MP3 players, W800i will not play purchased iTunes music or has been updated to play "to-go" or subscription music (Rhapsody/Yahoo/Napster).I also use the phone with a mac. Using bluetooth I can SYNC my address book and calendar easily. I also tried tranferring music files to the MP3 folder directly (music must be saved in Artist folder > Album Folder). It plays fine but the phone shows all the extensions of the file instead of just the name of the song.All in all, it's an excellent multi-task phone.

I waited a long time for this phone to come out and was one of the first to buy it (I pre-ordered it).  I thought this is going to be great, no longer do I need to carry my phone and Ipod with me I can just use the phone.For the first fortnight things were great, the picture quality was good, music was OK and it worked well as a phone.  I did find the keys took a bit of getting used to as they are quite small and did not feel quite right (compared to my previous nokia) when I was first getting used to the phone.  My only concern was that battery life seemed to be a bit low.  Even in Standy mode it seemed to drain faster than what Sony Ericcson claimed. Then the phone just stopped making any noise and started deleting out my music and my ringtones.  I sent it away for repair, and three weeks later (and no reason or apolagy for the delay or what the original problem was) I had a new phone.  Only trouble was it would not work and when I inserted my SIM it kept saying "Insert a Valid SIM".  Now I have to send it away again.  I rang Sony Ericcson and they said that they will repair it but it may take a while!  I was told that it may be possible to get a refurbished W800i, which is interesting as they have only been available for a few months why are there refurbished models around.So far I have had two out of two phones that are faulty, so I would recommend that you are very careful about deciding to purchase this phone, as Sony Ericcsons support for this phone does not seem to be too helpful if you have problems with it.

I have a w800i cellphone. It's branded by cnet as the best mp3 phone. I have no qualms about it. It has built-in radio, a voice recorder, a 2-MP camera, a video recorder, games, schedulers, a stopwatch to play around with to gage my commute time, a timer to remind me that my ebay auction will end in 5 mminutes, a daily wakeup call, mp3-true -to-sound music ring tome (which means I can use my mp3 tunes as my ring tone so it sounds way better), the flashlight I use when i feel like reading in the bus, attaching photos with my contacts in the address book---etc. there is way so much more. Its just one cool cellphone. I know its rather a hefty price to pay, but my husbunny got it for me on my birthday---can I complain?What the downside? I guess its the games. I should download better games.

I've had SE W800 for a few months. Good features I could mention are:- Pretty good sound quality (radio, mp3)- Battery lasts long, even when listening to the music thru the built in speaker- Expandable memory - up to 2 Gb Memory stick- Flight mode (you can listen the walkman on a plane without turning the phone transmitter on)- Decent radio receptionHowever, there's a bunch of things that do not make this phone what it's advertised as: a good mp3 walkman. Here's why:- No possibility to search tracks in the mp3 player. On a 2Gb Memory stick it becomes a problem- Under "Tracks" menu the walkman only displays ID3 tags of the mp3 files and even then it only shows the song title from the tag, not the name of the artist. Only if the tag is not written, the file name is shown. It would be much better to let the user choose between these two modes. Or in the worst case, if only tag info is shown, to show both artist and song name. When you try to sort files in the player, the tracks list actually does not change, so you have no way of knowing if the player sorts anything and how. In contrast, the "File manager" only shows the file names, but not tags. Weird!- When headphones are not connected and the play/pause button is used to stop playback, the player goes into pause and consumes the battery. No icon is depicted on the screen showing whether the playback is paused or stopped. This does not happen when headphones are connected: when paused the walkman goes off but remembers the position where playback stopped.- Joystick search inside long mp3 files is deadly slow- Deleting mp3 files thru the walkman does not delete them. You have to go thru the File manager- Shuffle mode in the walkman does not really play randomly, especially on a 2Gb memory stick- No support for playlists in pls or m3u formats. Instead some really inconvenient way of making playlists in the phone.- The player supports a wide range of bitrates from low (32kbps) to high (320kbps), but at low bitrates it sometimes wrongly estimates the length of the track. As a consequence, when you pause such tracks and then resume, the playback starts from a different place in the file. This really disappoints when listening to long files.- USB file transfer to and from the phone is very slow. I had to buy a separate card reader to copy files to the memory stick at a reasonable speed.- Content of the memory stick is not visible while the phone is connected to the computer- No standard headphone jack on the phone. It's only located on the headset.Other downsides:- No lock for the camera leans cover- Picture quality in low-lighting conditions is bad- No regular ringtone comes with the phone (instead there's a bunch of weird melodies). You have to download it separately from SE website (for money, of cause). I had to record one myself.- When the alarm goes off, it only rings for about 30 seconds and then automatically goes into the snooze mode for 9 minutes. Isn't the whole purpose of the alarm to ring until it wakes you up or until you switch it off yourself?- 850Mhz band missingIn conclusion, the phone is not too bad, but comes with a bunch of small annoying imperfections, which makes it too highly priced for what you get.

I've had the Sony Ericsson W800 for 24 hours and that is enough time to know that it is the best phone I've ever owned.Sony W800 is like a Bat-belt of useful applications that you've always wanted in a Mobile phone: an MP3 player with 0.5 GB memory, Radio, 2 MP Camera with video recording, the menus are easy to navigate and the software runs great.  It also comes with the software you need to transfer 150 of your favorite songs to the phone.  Sony Ericsson W800 is a must have.

PRO: Please read my comment below.CON:1.  Plays limited MP3 formats.2.  Memory Stick Duo Pro is still more expensive than other media types. (Though, the included 512MB might be sufficient for some people.)3.  I wasted money buying a Bluetooth headset because I can't take the head phone off from listening to MP3s.COMMENT:Simply put, I can't let go this phone.  I listen to MP3 all day and this thing just keeps on going... (over 10 hours of continuing operating with MP3 playing only runs off about 2/3 of the battery). I don't know how SonyEricsson does it, but the battery life REALLY REALLY impresses me (not to mention how great the sound quality is).  Listening to the songs without worrying about ever missing a call is one thing, but listening to songs without worrying about the battery life is just priceless.  What's worst than you have 20 GB of songs that you can not listen to because of a sucky battery life, for example.Plus, A device in such small size (about the same size as a business card in width and height + 1cm ) yet packs EVERY feather (ex: 2MP Cam, Voice Recording, FM Radio, Email client, PDA functions, Flashlight, USB Flash drive, Build-in modem, and mighty Bluetooth - for wireless sync, file transfer, and dial-up networking, and many more) that you could name is just damn amazing; not to mention how easy it is to operate.  I can swear that you can get to ANY function in 3 clicks or less.  From time to time I was amazed by how genius SonyEricsson is in making the operating system of this phone.  I've been using Ericsson and SonyEricsson and played with other phones; nothing is comparable to the intuitiveness of using the W800i.  It beats its predecessors and other brands - try it in some stores and you'll know what I mean.Bottom line, it's awesome in design and yet does everything beautifully without dieing.  I would recommend this to everyone who wants to consolidate their PDA, Camera, and iPod/MP3 player (not to mention all the charging cables/adapter associating with those devices) all together for one pocket-friendly, compact device.  This is a device that a geek like me had been waiting for.------FOLLOW UP------This is the latest status and my findings:You could get even better battery life if you turn off the Bluetooth and turn the screen light low. So, I did that and I get MORE THEN HALF (Between 2/3 and 1/2) of the battery life at the end of 8 1/2 hours of usage (includes continuous MP3 playing). I made about 10 calls and 2 min. per call at least + few snap shots + changed the songs from time to time.My finding is: I could transfer files much faster when the phone is turned OFF. Apparently, my laptop (with WindowsXP) can still see the phone when it's turned off. Via an USB cable, I transferred 12 MB of songs in less than 40 seconds.

I shopped around for a long time. In fact, I kept my old phone for almost three years, before finally deciding on this one. Why did I wait? I was waiting for a camera phone that had better than a 1MP camera.This one succeeds admirably! In fact, I didn't even buy it for the Walkman/MP3 player aspects of the phone at all. I just wanted a great camera!Several key points that I love about this product.1. Comes with a great memory stick. That thing alone might cost 100 bucks.2. Because it doubles as an MP3 player, it pretty much hands down beats the battery life of any other phone on the market, that I've seen. Easily lasts a good 6+ hours of straight talking. I usually recharge my phone about twice a week.3. The headset that comes with the phone is amazing. You can plug any earphones you want on it, and it'll still work as a headset for the phone. (The connecting cord has call answering button on it, as well as the microphone for talking.)4. Something neat about the phone is the USB cable that you use to transfer music and pictures with will actually charge your phone while it's sitting at your computer. Very handy, by effectively having two charge cables shipped with the camera.5. Very easy to transfer files. Once it's plugged in, basically works as another disk drive on your computer.6. Held sideways, (when taking pictures) people honestly can't tell it's a phone. Oh, and the flash doubles as a turn on/turn off mini-flashlight. Quite bright too!7. Durable! I've dropped the thing multiple times and nary a scratch. Literally. That orange band around this thing must be some type of metal or alloy.8. The MP3 functionality/menu system is actually pretty good. Definitely better than simply a "phone that plays music".  Also, you can set any MP3 as a ringtone for your phone. LOVE THAT.(Can also specify a tone/mp3 for each person in your phonebook.) Took me a bit to figure out though. You essentially have to have a second copy of the MP3 in a certain directory on the phone. Oh, and you can play music through the phone's speaker - w/out headphones! One button on the side, and you're listening to tunes.9. Internal memory is large as well. Also, I love the speed dial functionality. Enormously easy to set up.10. Finally, the screen is fantastic. Large, vivid, clear. One touch to turn on camera functionality (esentially opening the lens cover.)The thing is just a well-built phone. Sony has a knack for compressing a lot of functionality into a little space. (I had a Sony Vaio computer about six years ago. Amazing.) All of their products are trendsetting, ever since the original Walkman, and all the way through Playstation, PS2, PSP, their cameras, etc etc.Just get the thing, you won't regret it.Original review: Dec. 13 '05.Update on 7/20/06.Still use the phone, still love it. I wanted to add a few things. My original Sony battery waned. In other words, it kept the phone powered for shorter and shorter periods of time, even though I wasn't doing anything differently. However, I bought a replacement generic battery, and it's working fine and has been for months.The other thing is, the pictures are great! I still haven't found a better camera on a phone. Other people have mentioned the night pictures. Well, you have to turn the flash on manually, in order to take pictures at night. If you're close up, you can still get some credible pictures on, provided you turn on the flash. They're not great, and kind of grainy, but not horrible either.I haven't seen the 810i up close, but I cannot believe Sony didn't put a 3mp camera in it! I would have looked at getting that one, except for that problem.

the phone is great ..i have been a sony cam man for as long as i have livedand this phone cam is the best of them yetsmall, easy to handel and takes great shots..the mp3 is exceptable feature in the phone, great sound and allonly problem is the ring tone even at the higest volume it is hard to hear at times.other than that it is a dam cool of a phone/cam/mp3 all in one small package..for a heafty price ..($200 would be a great price)but the money is worth it features it comes withhope u enjoy it as i have

I love the phone for having a decent camera and a good mp3 player. It has good sound quality and the earphones are better than ipod earphones. But I do have issues with the phone after a yr.1. It seems impossible to take apart to get the dust out from behind the screen.2. The rubber button on the toggle fell off.3. The phone can take a looooong time to process, esp when taking a picture.4. There's no flash, but the light is good at blinding the ppl you're taking pics of.5. You can't charge and wear the ear piece at the same time.6. The earphone cables hang really awkwardly, making you look un-cool. Also the cable seems really flimsy and the rubber casing has worn off at a couple parts.7.When charging through the usb cord, it can only charge up to 85%.8. In Walkman mode, they should let you listen to the radio too.9. Since it doesn't have both US bands, there are many places I don't get reception.10. SIM card is hard to pull out once you stick it in the phone.11. The games suck.12. The shuffle on the mp3 player seems to keep playing the same songs over and over again.

I just ordered this phone on Amazon after playing with my friend's for a week.  I really like its functionalities and ease of use.  First off, it works great as a cell phone (which is often not the case with those ugly phones they sell at Verizon Wireless), and second, it's a very capable MP3 player.  I find the buttons a bit too small for my big fingers but otherwise the phone is easy.  Transfering music is pretty much standard: you install the software, hook up the phone to your PC, and transfer.  I've heard you can play back smooth videos on this, too but haven't tried (neither has my friend).  Great phone.  Definitely worth the cost (that's why I've ordered one for myself).

Others have done a great service of noting the pros of this phone: great mp3 handling, excellent 2mp camera, etc.I would rate this phone 5 except for these cons:1) Volume while using it as a handset is very low. This is not a problem if you use a bluetooth or corded headset. The speakerphone feature is excellent.2) The camera shutter button is on the side of the phone and turns on the camera even if the phone's keys are locked. Sony informed me there is no way to disable this switch. If you carry your phone in a pocket it may switch on without your knowledge.It is a beautiful looking phone and if you can live with the above you will be very happy. A great blend of 2mp digital camera, good sized mp3 player, great radio & an excellent phone. Contacts can be synched nicely with outlook. File transferring is similar to a flash drive. The phone also attracts attention with it's bright orange case & Walkman logo. This phone beats out the other mp3 capable phones.

FYI, the W800 is electronically identical to the k750i. It is even possible to flash the firmware on a k750i and make it identical to a w800i. The cases of the k750i and w800 are also interchangable. So in theory, you could spend a lot less on a k750i, buy a OEM w800 case and flash the OS and have W800 for close to $200 less.

I have been using this phone for a month now so far had no problems. I am a sony ericsson fan had t68, t616, s710a & now w800i. All the features in the phone are exceptional. It's been attracting people where ever I go. It do not replace a player or a camera. Well if you don't have a music player & a digi cam like me then go for this. My 5 stars is for the phone quality, picture quality & player quality but not for the price. Yes it is expensive, for that price I could have bought a 2gb ipod nano, canon 5MP camera together. Since I was lazy to carry both bought this phone.

This is the most expensive phone I ever bought and the first one I didn't get from my phone provider.  I was very happy with it until it went dead, having used it for less than 45 days.  First I was told by Sony Ericsson that the problem was a defective battery, but I tried with another battery and it wasn't.  Then they said I must have erased the software (how???) and to send it in for repair.  They received the phone on March 18th but when I call they tell me they need 7 to 10 business days (15 business days already), they are waiting for parts or it's in the last stages of repair.Sony Ericsson should have replaced it with no questions asked.

If you are spending nearly $500 for a phone then you should be getting the best. If you are business oriented and need a smart phone, then get something from Nokia.But if you are looking for an entertainment unit, then my friends this is a no brainer.I used to own the k750i and sold it to purchase this. The k750i and the w800i are the EXACT same phones except for cosmetic changes, a huge memory stick for the w800i, and brilliant headphones that come with this.The reason I sold my k750i was that I was having constant issues with the software. It kept shutting down and gave me headaches because of it. It also had an unfortunately flimsy case. Most k750i sets have squeaking issues. So I got the w800i and man it is sweet. The case feels solid and sturdy. It actually feels like a $500 phone. Aside from that, I just love the Walkman brand. (I know how stupid that sounds)Pros:1. It has half a gig of memory for your music and sports the walkman brand -- nostalgia city for 25 year olds like myself. Plus the headphones are sweet as sin. They even come with three separate ear bud sizes. And when you put them on, without even turning on the music you can hear your heart beat... yes they are that snug. Plus they are extremely easy to put around your neck with the attachment that comes with them. The equalizer is also quite good, and with mega bass on, there is nothing short of an ipod that rivals this.2. Like the k750i, java games of all sorts for this set can be found on the net, though download with care in case something corrupts your software. You are better off downloading games made for/or by well known brands. [...]3. Superb camera and outstanding FM radio reception. The camera is different only cosmetically to the k750i, in that the shutter in this is handled via switch while in the k750i it is opened/closed by hand. I actually prefer the camera shutter system in the w800i.Semi Con:When turned off, I definitely think that the k750i looks sexier than the w800i. It has a beautiful black/silver look etc. The w800i looks odd when turned off, since it is basically white with orange colors. However when the w800i is turned on, there is NO competition. The orange screen and the orange back light go deliciously well with the case and it looks quite brilliant.Bottom line is that this phone rocks!EDIT:I just wanted to add a couple more comments. Firstly I still haven't had any of the issues I had had with the k750i. I also wanted to note that taking pictures has been faster with this phone. It could very well be because the k750i had come with older firmware (which can be updated from the official website though can be risky if you don't know what you are doing).But whatever the reason may be, every time I took a photo with the k750i I had to wait a few more seconds for it to be processed than I have had to with the w800i.One last advantage I have noticed is that with the w800i, the music library is superbly organized. Whenever I hit the 'walkman' button, I am quickly taken to a screen where music is organized by, "Artists", "Tracks", "Playlists", and "Videos".

This is an unbelievable phone. It does everything really well and also looks cool. A true ipod killer. If you have the dough buy one.

Reading the other reviews of this phone makes me question whether or not we're talking about the same model. The buttons are the same size as every other cell phone I've ever owned, and if you read the manual it's quite easy to use the Walkman or text messaging functionality. Perhaps the manual doesn't cover how to remove the SIM because it doesn't come with one (this phone is unlocked, and will work with any SIM card. You shouldn't order it if you aren't expecting to install the SIM yourself). I haven't had any problems with the firmware for the phone, and other than the fact that it's only capable of communicating with a PC (macfan), I think it's pretty amazing. The only real problem I have with it is that at any point, the phone's camera button can be slid to one side, thereby activating the camera, and the battery drained, even if the keys to the phone are locked. This is why it gets 4 stars instead of 5.*****I'm adding this part of the review after travelling throughout Asia and Europe with this phone for several months. The reception on this thing is astonishing. In the middle of rural Turkey, on tiny islands in Greece, in the middle of the ocean, I had 5 bars. Also, the battery holds a charge for almost a week. Also, the playback volume without the headphones is about as loud as a little transistor radio (for those of you who remember them). Also, it's incredibly durable (I can't even recall how many times I dropped and/or stepped on it). Even though it's really expensive, it's worth the money.

It's 4-in-1, 2Mp camera, MP3 player, Video player and ofcourse Phone. Great product. Let me tell you my experience about each of these:-Camera - great 2Mp camera. i took photos in NY in day and night. It was great quality. I downloaded it to my PC and it looked so good. Definately for 4x6 print its more than enough.MP3 player - it comes with great speaker. MP3 player is very good. just atatch your device to computer and download songs. then play as you wishVideo player- take a video clip just like you do in other digital cameras. also download your own clips to it and enjoy.Phone -Look is definately a winner here. No other phone can even come closer to it. Orange color looks great. I gifted this to my wife and she loved it. Keypads are very good. Organization is very good. It feels like you are working on computer when you browse various options in phone.Overall, believe it or not, this is the best product ever made by Sony. I was planning to buy Ipod. But it is not needed now. You can do almost everything with this product. Moreover its so lightweight that you won't believe it. also you can add extra 2 GB card to it if you want more music.I have ordered a classic pearl white case for this phone. Hope to get it soon.Don't read anymore reviews just buy it. I got it for around 400 bucks and truly worth it.

W800i will come up short if compare individually against dedicated mp3 player such as ipod or digital cameras. But if you don't want to stuff your bag/pocket with separate cell phone, mp3 player & camera, then there's hardly any other phone in market can top W800i in terms of function/design/build quality.phone******- good reception in weak signal areas compare to motorola/nokia- Clear &  crisp sound quality during coversation.- photo caller ID & hands-free voice dialing make driving safer.Music/video/Game operation**************************- sound quality & menu rivals ipod with simplified navi menu- download USB driver without installing the CD, use drag & drop to add/delete files- when download java game from web make sure it is compatible to w800's screen size.Camera/Video************- sample pics/vid taken by w800i can be found here: [...]Summary********Not a fan of Sony product these days but after using w800i for couple months (also dropped it on the floor couple times), it's a well designed & solid built all around  mp3/camera/phone ..it is so much better than those boring cell phones on display at BestBuy.

1. Not only does the W810i have a better exterior, it has a better keypad and scrolling joystick(without rubber). A friend of mine who owns this phone recently complained that the rubber comes off after a two month use.2. The graphics on the w810i are superior to the w800. There is quite a noticeable difference. If I was downgrade my 810i and use w800, I couldn't do that. The display is very analogue tv like to put it precisely.3. The processor on this phone is slower than the w810i and there it takes a few seconds more to reach files.Please read -The w810i does not have a camera shutter unlike the w800i. It doesn't come with an audio out jack cable like the w800. If I owned the w800 and had never used the w810i, I would live happily ever after. You see, THERE ARE NOT many reasons to upgrade for the current w800 users.HOWEVER,if you are choosing between w800 and 810i should definitely go for the 810i.Another thing a lot of people have overlooked. The claimed talk life of the battery on this phone is a tad higher than that on w810i.This is a good phone but why buy second best, when the best is less than 50 dollars away?P.S - Sony Ericsson doesn't manufacture this phone in my city anymore. Instead they are busy promoting the w700i and the w810i.Unlike w550i, none of the phones have "stereo widening" or three differently placed speakers.

well, I love the look and originality of the phone. Nobody else has one like it, but well, I don't know about Cingular, but T-mobile makes it harder than I thought it would be to take advantage of the phone. You must have T-mobile internet to get anything extra, and other than that it's basic features are not as accessible as a t-mobile specific phone. I do like it's shortcut programability , but i am dissapointed in it's use as an mp3 player. I didn't know it required a special jack for it's headphones, I wish I could use any headphone set I wanted and not just the ones it came with. Anyways your freinds will love it, for those type of people.

most phones i've owned get outdated so fast you find yourself shining with a new phone and then hiding your new phone after a couple months. I have yet to see someone with this phone and i live in a huge city. Not only is this phone durable, versitale and sweet looking. Some of the "new" phones coming out nowadays are barely mimicking what this phone has been doing for way over a year now.You can't go wrong with this phone. I love it and plan to keep it for a loooong time!  Sony ericson rules.Correction to what a previous reviewer noted on march 31 "diana" from vegas. wrote that you can only use factory ringers for individual callers.  This is incorrect. You can you any sound/bleep/mp3 on your phone as a ringer. There is a way around to doing this. Don't be afraid to explore your phone. it does more than you think!Cheers!

I have had this phone for almost a year now and I have to say I am stil amazed! I use it for listening to music all the time. When I am in the car and use the handsfree, (I also have a cheap $9 cassette adapter) it can be used through your car stereo and it works perfectly - you don't need headphones or expensive bluetooth thingies - it just works! The pictures quality is superb for phone camera and the fact that you carry it everywhere allows you to get pictures in any situations. It has a nice LED flash light that can be used either with the camera or , yes , just like a flash light - amazing. You can put more memory if you want, which is very nice - currently I use 1 gb but you can put even more.  The only thing that this thing does not have is a corkscrew, I guess.... Again, I am amazed!

The phone is fine. I've purchased many items from Amazon over the years and am one of their biggest fans. On this purchase however I had to go through a vendor ( Ace Digital ) and cannot recommend them. Phone came quickly but it became evident it had been used before ( issues with memory stick for one ). Also needed to purchase separately at Radio Shack a charger adapter as the one included with the w800i ( i for international ) is for European use only! Amazon does not involve itself with third party vendors (understood) but our two phone conversations with Ace Digital in Brooklyn were unpleasant to say the least. Very rude and uncooperative. We were told they would be making an exception in accepting our return for refund. Phone was insured and shipped back at our cost of course and I'll keep you updated on when we are credited.

I got this phone around 2 weeks ago and I am very pleased with my purchase. I am using it on T-mobile. Note to T-mobile customers - be prepared for a 30 minute phone call to get the Internet features configured. Customer service was patient and efficient but they do not yet have the settings preconfigured to send an "over-the-air" (OTA) Configuration to this phone.If you're looking for light, multi function global phone with an excellent camera (for a phone), I don't think there's a better one out at this point.Pros:- Excellent battery life- 2 MP camera - intuitive use, takes video clips, good 4X6 print quality- Great, bright screen and intuitive controls overall. This is one of my favorite aspects of the phone- A lot of functionality music wise - mp3 playback, radio playback with RDS- 512MB card - usually Sony's cheap when it comes to bundling memory media (they currently have a 7.2MP camera with a 32MB stick!) so this is nice. I will likely upgrade to a 2GB card.- Tri-band world phone. You can take it pretty much anywhere around the world.- Unlike the editorial review - I actually like the keys: they're a stiff enough to feel substantial and give good feedback when they are pressed.- Touches which show that maybe a little too much thought has gone into the design: the light actually has an SOS mode. Pretty useless, but one of those geeky, cool features (that may one day save your life! :-) ).Cons (not biggies though):- The volume when wearing the headset is comfortable. However, in louder environments, even when maxed out, it's quieter than any Nokia I've owned.- There is a single outlet for the headphones, USB and power cord. Now the USB can be used to charge the phone which is cool. It would've been nice to be able to charge the phone whilst listening to music or browsing the net since these are usually (in non-flight mode), battery intensive operations.- Long term I wish there were options to go with other memory media than the memory stick. Sony's doing this on some of their laptops. I don't know how feasible it would be on their phones but other media are just plain cheaper with similar performance.p.s. T-mobile customers - here are my settings if you want to avoid the 30 minute call to T-mobile. Use at your own risk:Go to Menu->Settings->Connectivity tab->Internet Settings->Internet Profiles->SelectNew Profile->SelectName: T-ZonesConnect Using: T-Zones GPRSExit out - the profile named T-Zones should now be available. Highlight it (don't hit select)More->SettingsEnter the following:Connect Using: T-zones GPRSInternet Mode: WAPGateway Address: 216.155.165.050Security: OffUsername: leave blankPassword: leave blankExit out one level -> T-zones profile highlightedMore ->Advanced SettingsChange Homepage:Name: T-Zones Address: [...]P.S. if you have problems with MP3 uploads please check out the following thread: [...]

As previous reviewers have mentioned, it gets to be a chore to carry around a PDA, iPod, cell phone, camera, etc. Especially when travelling and you want to pack lightly. The W800i does not replace any of the other devices, but it does enough of them to go comfortably with just this for some time.PROS:---* Great bass reproductions from the walkman/included headset* No limit on # of songs like ROKR's 100-song cap.* Can play music in walkman mode on airplanes/hospital and places where cell phones are not permitted* Plays AAC and MP3 files* Good battery life. Longer than my 3rd Gen iPod.* Camera quality is great for impromptu shots. Doesn't replace a good digicam, but is the best phone camera I've seen so far.* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously! it's on the menu)* Radio player has great quality sound and will show song title and artist text (for stations that support it)* Syncs with OS X/iCal/iSync via Bluetooth* Good Screen quality* Charges through USB cable* Menu/OS has decent UI compared to my Motorola V600. The joystick toggle in the center helps tremendously.* Voice quality from phone/speaker phone is strong and clearCONS:---* Does not play iTunes m4p files (purchased from iTunes music store)* The auto-typing/completion is a bit finicky and takes some getting used to* NO FLASH. There are some misleading descriptions out there saying the W800i has a flash. it does not. It has a light, but you will need to buy a seperate flash module.* All the plug-ins/add-ons such as the jack, the charger, the USB cable, the headphones use the jack on the bottom of the phone. This means you cannot charge it while listening to the headphones.* No AM on the radio. Just FM. In order to use the radio you must use the included headphones because the antenna is built-in to the headphones.* The battery charge meter is a bit finicky. Sometimes it doesn't rise past 83% even though it has been charging all night.* While transfering multiple files via Bluetooth, you have to verify each file by pressing  a key, and there's a loud beep/noise for each confirmation. Better to just transfer through USB onto the memory stick duo.Overall I am very pleased with the W800i.

email me at my_account_34@yahoo.com and I will responde you at all your questions

It's a great little phone.  Texting, camera flash & decent dig. cam & good reception combine for a nice fully featured phone if you don't mind a small screen.

PROS:1) The screen is very bright, vivid, and sharp.The menu is not sluggish at all as seen with previous Sony Ericsson models.2) The casing itself provides the clear screen protection.  Therefore, if your screen gets scratched or cracked then you can easily interchange the casing/housing of your phone to get a brand new look and feel for your aging phone.3) The background supports animated gifs files for cool and unique wallpapers and screensavers.4) Their is a dedicated shortcut button for both the walkman and the camera.5) In the camera mode the built in flash is easily turned on by pressing the '*' key.6) The built-in camera is superior to all camera phones currently on the market.  The camera provides features like frame shooting, burst shooting, self-timer, sepia, solarize, white balance, night mode, and macro shooting.  The preview function is also similar to digital cameras with tiled preview and zoom capabilities.7) File transfer is hassle free.  The phone is equiped with blue tooth, infrared, USB transfer, and external memory stick.8) Quick dedicated button for phone status, instantly provides memory status (phone memory and memory stick) and most importantly % battery charged to take the guess work out of battery meter icons.9) Phone can charge via provided USB cable.  Essential if you use a laptop all the time since you no longer have to find an outlet for your laptop and phone.10) Headphone adapter provides the standard headphone jack, so you can use your favorite headphones for the Walkman and hand-free operation purposes11) Provided headphones are excellent with great bass response and passive noise cancellation.12) Man screen shows date and time.CONS:1) Camera shutter button sometimes is flipped accidentally2) Camera is sensitive to camera jitter.  So make sure you have a steady hand when taking photos or use the self-time function.3) Alarm clock may not be loud enough to wake the heavy sleeper.Excellent phone review at CNET.com, where it won editor's pick and user's pick awards.

This phone was bought as a gift.  The form, fit, and function of the phone exceed my expectations.It was bought unlocked and is used on T-Moble system.  It has excellant reception and fidelity as a phone.  The text and e-mail capabilities are also fine.The sound quality as an MP3 player rivals that of an Ipod.  The software is not nearly as slick as the apple product but if you already own the CD you can fit quite a number of albums on a 2 Gig Memory Stick Pro.The phone takes very good 2 megapixel pictures with a decent focusing system and a useable flash.

I've been using this mobile phone for almost a month now, and i cant complain about anything, this is truly a wonderlful phone that enables users to have it all together, like an exellent and customizable integrated 2.0MP digital camera with video recording, a superb mp3 player with amazingly loud speakers, state-of-the-art phone basics, remote control functionality that enables you to control your PC thru your cell phone via bluetooth technology, and the list goes on and on. but lets not forget about the phone's unique color and styling, its trendy yet conservative enough to go  easy on the eyes. It also has a remarkable build quality (i left it fall from a meter of distance into a marble floor) and it has no scratches or technical problems!....It is also an exellent travel companion, because of its all-in-one functionality. As far as im concerned, this is the  greatest phone you could have at this time from Sony Ericsson, and one of the TOP 5 currently available in the Americas-European market today.

more details about wot i found are here[...]

I have owned this phone for about 3 months now, and I haven't had a single problem with it.  It's nice and small, and I bought a screen protector to protect the rather large screen, so there's no physical damage yet.  (I've even dropped the phone a few times, and it's still held up well.)  I absolutely love this phone.  Here's why:-Small, candybar fits easily in your pocket-Loud ringtones that will be heard most anywhere-Music-playing ability-2MP Camera (takes wonderful pictures!)-Good battery life-Syncs with PC (and charges while connected)-512 mb memory stick included (I even have my PSP files on it.)Things I wish were included:-Direct headphone jack-Multiple recurring alertsOther than that, I've found everything else to be pretty much perfect with the W800.  I'm very happy with my purchase.

When buying this phone I was definititely looking for a phone that had all the options and features you would ever want even if it was a little pricy......the resolution, speakers, radio,mp3player,photo caller id, and even the camera are some of the best ive seen on most phones...I have a sony cybershot digital camera and the camera on this phone practically measures up in quality.....spending the extra money was definitely worth it for this sony ericsson walkman phone.....honestly sony ericsson phones are all pretty good and last longThere are seriosuly only 2 cons that this phone has...otherwise i think it is the best phone out there for neone who loves technology, music, and absolute best qualityCON 1: is that for a phone that is this pricy you would think that it would let you use all your ringtones, meaning a different ringtone for everyone in your phone book.....i mean the memory card is great and you can download all your favortire mp3 songs which you can use as ringtone(i edit mine first to my fav part of a song plays only)...the thing is the ringtone or mp3 you choose is for all your calls....the only tones you can set to each individual person in your phone book are the ones taht come with the phone...that is a little lame since friends of mine who have way cheaper quality phones can set a different ringtone for each person in their book.....either way you can't beat the speaker quality on this phone when u jsut listen to your music or here a ringtone...it makes you jumpCON 2: is that even though you have radio you cant use it unless your special headset which comes with the phone is plugged in since it works as the antenna for radio.....not a big deal but annoying that is has to hang off your phone for you to listen to radioOverall: the best phone ive ever purchased....the one time makin an expensive purchase is worth every penny!Most Important: if you buy this phone go to a store that sells it unlocked and dont order it...mainly since this phone isn't at any company you have serice with when you put ur sim card in the store has to setup certain things...the main thing is if you have internet it won't transfer and you provider wont help you since the phone is unlocked so make sure you have the people at the store set everything up for you

This is a good phone but when I downloaded songs from my computer, the phone started making really funny noises, when I would call people.  Maybe it is just the one I got? But other wise this phone can do just about everything.  I love being able to listen to the radio, and all the rest this little phone has to offer. Just make sure you get insurance.
