
I asked a sales yesterday about &quot;unlocking&quot; the phone, then I realized this model supports GSM 1900 ONLY!!!then I go to t-mobile.com to check the information, and found the sales said is TRUE!!!if you're planning to use the cell phone overseas, NEVER GET THIS PHONE!!!

This is a really good color phone, the only thing that really keeps it from being perfect (in my opinion) is that the phone it a little slow when responding to buttons being pressed. Sometimes if the phone is &quot;busy&quot; or &quot;thinking&quot; it will take 2 or 3 seconds to respond to a button that you just pressed. This is especially noticable when browsing the Internet using T-Zones.I am using this phone on the T-Mobile network and have not experienced any dropped calls, the voice quality is very clear and the reception is good. The battery life is very good for a color phone, it lasts me about 5 days of talking just a few hours a day. Of course you can buy an extended capacity battery, and that would add much more talk time because it's about 60% more capacity.The phone looks very cool, and I like that you can change out the faceplate if you so desire. The entire keypad lights up (not just the numbers on the key) so you can see it very well in the dark. The PIM software on the phone is good, although I wish you could store addresses too. The camera attachment isn't really worth much, mostly because the quality of the pictures is pretty bad. But it's good to have if you need a quick snapshot of something and don't have any other way to capture it. Although one nice thing is, besides emailing any pictures you take with the camera, you can also save them on the phone as wallpaper images.The belt holster that comes with the phone is really nice, much better than the one that came with my old StarTAC. You can leave the clip on your belt and just detach the phone if you need to use it, then all you hacve to do is slide it back onto the belt clip. Motorola also includes a neck lanyard that attaches to the top of the phone if you want to carry it around this way, it's a nice little addition.You can store wallpaper images, screen savers, ringtones and JAVA games on this phone as well. The only other negative thing I would say about this phone is that there just isn't enough internal memory to store games. I can get two games on it, maybe three, if two of them are under 20k. There is a lot of space for wallpaper images, ringtones and phone numbers, so there's no excuse for not putting more memory for games.All in all I would recommend this phone, especially if you can get it for a low price or for free. It's a very good (but not perfect) color phone with solid features. It does have some drawbacks, but then, no phone is perfect.

Having used this product for two months, including travelling with it, I have not had as much problem with call dropping as other people have mentioned.  In fact, my husband and I have had problems with reception and call dropping from other companies (Cingular &amp; Spring) where reception on this phone has been clear and consistent.  I have even been able to receive calls in concrete buildings, something other phones have not allowed.The battery life is decent, and having dropped our home landline, most of our conversations are via cell.  I have been happy with the length of time between charges.  The handsfree is clear and I have had no complaints from callers on the other end about not being able to hear me.Ringtones are distinctive; I also appreciate being able to have the phone on vibrate OR silent.  I've always been a huge fan of Nokia, but this certainly supercedes all my Nokia experiences.The size and weight are great; the phone fits well (easy to talk into mouthpiece with ear in proper location); voice activated calls very handy - good voice recognitionDislikes: phone screen touching face when talkingCamera pictures are really quite blurry and poor qualityCamera makes noise when turning offStorage capacity for voice activated calling smallFYI not related to phone, but to T-Mobile - for the shared family plan, only one of the individuals gets TMOBILE access on their phone.All in all, I'm very happy with my new phone.

Perfect phone for me. Here are some of the features I like about this phone. Long Talk time (over 6 hours; long stand-by time (over 9 days!!); text messaging; send pictures to other phones and email addresses (pictures are ok, for a phone);includes phonebook; has voice dialing; MMS; WAP enabled; it has predictive text input; has a vibrate option (great for movie theatres); weighs less than 4 ounces and the flip design make it really compact (can't even feel it in your pocket);has a built in modem and calendar; has megatones for music-like ring-tones. Great value, free with rebate. Don't hesitate to order this from Amazon.com, you won't be disappointed!

this is my first cell phone. I am quite satisfied. excellent signal (probably more because of T-mobile than the phone itself). Features are easy to learn and navigate with the accompanying manual. I quite like the camera attachment. It doesn't work well in doors (it has a low light setting which gives passable results). it's easy to position the camera len just right after using it a couple times. Of couse picture quality isn't top notch, but I never wanted to use it to take professional-looking photos. The results I got worked for me. All other features are pretty standard, and as good as any of my friends' phones that I had used. The color screen is big and clear, easy to read under strong light or in the dark. It's slightly heavier than some other phones out there.

I didnot want the camera but it came with the phone.  I haven't used it and don't care to.  But the phone itself is so much better than the verizon wireless that I had.  I can use it in my house (something I couldnot do with verizon) in the basement as well as elsewhere.  The signal is strong and clear.  It is not very user friendly but the customer care have been very helpful

I have had the phone for a week.  So far it has been great.  Need to charge the battery about every 2 days.  As just a phone is great.  Calls are loud and clear, and get good reception, although that is mostly due to t-mobile.  The camera is more of a toy, and the pictures are just ok.  But if you keep the camera attachment on your keychain, then its good to have for all those times you wish you had a camera.  Ringtones again sound ok, but the great thing is that they are just midi files, so you can use t-zones to go to any site with the midi's and dload rings for free, and there are some great loud ones out there.  I have used the s105 as well.  It's ringtones sound nicer, but are a propriatery format, so can only seem to get them from t-mobile for a fee.  The t722i's screen isnt as nice and bright indoors as the s105, but it works much better in the bright sun (the s105 is difficult to see).  Text input is excellent with motorola's adaptive input.  Just type the #'s and a list of the possible words are listed at the bottom, most common listed first.  I found it to be much better than the entry of the s105, which i would usually turn of the guessing and just hit the #'s for the letters in the standard entry.  Overall I highly recommend the t722i.

I've been a T-Mobile customer for many years, but am very disappointed with my current phone-- the Motorola T720i (now called the T722i). My first complaint arose on my first call. The earpiece volume is very low even at maximum volume and some calls just have to be ended if they're being made in an environment with any background noise. Many other complaints followed. Most dealt with hardware quality. My 1st one had a flaw in the flip mechanism that caused the phone to think it was being flipped shut when it wasn't-- ending calls unexpectedly. The 1st and 2nd ones would routinely &quot;freeze up&quot; during calls. The signal strength meter indicated full strength and the call timer was still counting, but the person on the other end couldn't hear me anymore and was soon disconnected. This daily occurrence required me to contact T-Mobile and get a 3rd one of these phones, which I'm sorry to say still has the strange &quot;freeze&quot; problem. All 3 have had the maddeningly low volume as well. Resolution and variable light functionality on the camera attachment are horrible as well, as is the color-quality on the display in general. It just looks washed-out, almost black &amp; white at times despite adjustments. The good news is that Customer Service is great at T-Mobile and they always replace the phone when I have problems. Avoid this phone, however. I'm going back to Nokia.

I actually own a 720i, which is almost the same phone. I have a few complaints about the phone, the screen rubs on my face during calls, the screen resolution is not as good as a couple other phones I've seen and the ring volume is no where near loud enough. Other than that, it's got great ringtones and you can download about a million more. I haven't dropped a call in the six months that I've it. The camera while not great, is still a lot of fun. I think that the battery life is not a problem, although I've read a couple complaints I don't have any. I just put a new full housing on it, black with silver flames, and it looks really really cool!It's not the best phone on the market, but it's still a very good one. I would reccomend this phone to pretty much anyone who wants a camera phone.

I just got this, so maybe I haven't given it alot of time, but so far it is really nice.  The reception is great and the phone is very clear when talking directly or using the included hands-free kit.  It does take a while to boot, but I probably won't shut it down very often.  The camera does not take super-great pictures, but I didn't get this phone because of the camera.  To be completely fair, I have only viewed the pictures on the phone and have not emailed them to anyone.  I have read that they look better when viewed on a PC.

this cell phone is pretty good. the best part about it is its durability. being as clumsy as i am, i've broken about three phones in the course of four months and as much as i've dropped this one, it's still working great (although it is quite scratched). it's long battery life is also quite a blessing.however, this phone is probably the slowest phone out there--it takes a good while to turn on and even just scrolling through the phonebook takes a bit of time. the color of the screen is pretty weak, and the attachable camera is basically useless because it takes a really still hand and a lot of patience to get a poor quality picture. lastly, even when it's on the highest volume, the ring is drowned out by some of the newer samsung phones.however, this is the only phone that's lived through various falls with me as its owner (for ten months) and so i'll give it four stars instead of three (the last one is purely out of love).

Cons- Everything about this phone is bad......really bad. The sound for one thing does not sound like polyphonic it is very fuzzy and some of the tones in the songs downloaded from the T-Moble web site are missing (the sony ericsson t300 has better sound than this phone).The camera is svery bad on the screen of the phone unless you are outside with alot of light.The pictures will come out horrible until you send them to your computer then their ok. Their is only one game motoGP and that with the camera takes up all the memory (so unless u delete somthing you wont be able to add any more games). The menu screen is very slow to move.the colors are bad they are not that vivid and the backgrounds that it comes with it are dark and if you try to brighten the screen of the phone the picture turns almost white. The phone is very slow. I had to return my phone twice to fix the charger on the phone because it never charges and the camera it oftenly not detected.you have to put it in more than 4 times for both the charger or camera to work. I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE FOR 2 REASONS THE PRICE OF SUCH A HORRIBLE PHONE (SHOULD BE FREE) AND THE QUALITY OF THIS PHONE.Pros- this phone are it is flip,changeable covers,battery life (can be better).This phone is reception is ok and the ear piece sound is good (can be louder).

I bought this phone on Tuesday with the 3-7 day shipping at about 11 o'clock at night.  The phone was in my hands by 2:30 Friday amazingly fast shipping and processing done by both Amazon and FedEx(Amazon shipped from Texas and I live in Michigan).  I live in a very small town and T-Mobiles service just runs along the main interstate highway but it is amazing the quality i am getting for such a small area.  I mean i was in my friends basement pretty far away from the highway and was getting a signal strength of 3 bars which is pretty good for talking,  When im in my house i get 6 bars.  T-Mobile so far has made me happy...The phone is a work of art i mean its signal strength is probably the best ive seen.  The battery charges amazingly fast in 3 hours and last a long long time.  The typing system is awesome to sometimes you can type a whole name in without having to choose through the letters.  The MegaTones have the best quality rings ive probably heard.  The phone is pretty durable feeling and is small and light weight, can't even feel it.  The camera is not that great on the phone and needs alot of light and not alot of movement to take a great shot,  If you want a good quality look at it you need to have a connectivity kit to upload them on your PC then they look pretty good.  I also love the color and the back lcd screen comes in handy alot.  The game that comes on it is pretty high graphic and i can see why it takes a while to load other than that everything loads pretty fast.Voice dialing comes in handy but would be even more handy if you could have more than 5 at a time.  Some people had problems finding out how to set the voice dialing.  The reason for that is you have 2 ways to save your contacts on your phone book, 1 is on the actual smart card chip itself or on the phone.  If you save it on the phone you can pick an icon for the number like if its a cell, home, work, pager, and so on and you have another line that has a voice dial part and that is where you can record for the voice dialing.  Then there is the Smart Card part that can hold contacts but you can't put an icon of what kind of phone it is and you can do the voice recorder for it.  Another cool feature is the fast dialing where each number on your phone book has a three digit number, you put the three digit number in and press pound and it will call it.I love this phone and plan on having it a long time.

This is the absolute worst cellphone i have ever owned! i think that this phone is poorly made. Every friend that I have that owns this phone all have the same problems. After less than a month the screen started blanking out and the &quot;flip&quot; has &quot;flopped&quot;! Not to mention the camera SUCKS! I thought that I just got a bad model and I planned to return it, until I was told by more than a few friends that they all had similar problems. I'm switching to the Nokia 3650. Let's see how that goes...

I recently bought this phone through T-Mobile by upgrading my plan. I got 50 instant rebate (for upgrading) and 100 extra mail in rebate. The phone is awesome, it takes great pictures and the resolution is pretty good. Many feautures, quality and great reception. The screen resloution can be better but this phone. its a must have for t-mobile customers, i have owned many phones, even the samsung v205 and the samsung has better screen resolution (picture resolution is same on all phones) but motorola has more features, samsung is durable too as well as motorola. i'd go with either one, but i prefer to use the motorola.

Well I just got this phone the other day and heres my immediate thoughts.  Great price for the package (color screen, flip, camera, free headset, very useable belt clip).  To go into detail, the color screen is good but not great.  A friend of mine has the Sanyo 4900 and the color screen on that looks clearer during less light conditions but not as nice in highly lighted conditions.  The headset works fine.  The reception is 3 bars upstairs in my house and 2 bars downstairs.  Call quality is better than the previous phones I have owned (old sprint one, and motorola startac).  Changeable faceplates gives the phone a customizable touch.  Ring tones sound a bit fuzzy with the phone open it seems but when shut sound fine.  A very odd variety of ring tones as well.  To sum up:Pros:CustomizableClear Quality of CallsVariety of Ring TonesBelt ClipVoice DialingCons:Color screen in darker settingsLack of variety of actual background pictures.Needs more memory.

I bought this phone in January of 2003.  Since then I've had nothing but troubles with this phone.First of all, some technical shortcomings with the phone:1.  Phonebook - You cannot perform a search on phonebook...  scrolling tends to be very annoying.2.  Ringer - NOT loud enough.  I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.  Ring tones are very low quality compared to Samsung S105.3.  Software - Very slow to respond to button sometime.4.  Screen - Not so good resolution.  Camera attachment is just there to lure you in.5.  Antenna - FREQUENT dropped calls from low signal...

I've had this phone for nearly a month now. Never dropped a call, never had reception problems, and T-Mobile has awesome customer service. Phone interface is straight-forward and easy to use. Camera attachment is a fun little extra.

Motorola has been a leading cell phone manufacture.  But I am disappointed with this phone.  Some of the features are not working properly.  There is display delay of 2 seconds.  Some button presses do not respond all the time.  The display quality is not good as Samsung or Sony phones.  The sound quality is replaced by a cheap DSP...  It is larger than same priced Samsung phone, and a small drop will kill the phone.  I had Samsung, Nokia, Sony, and Motorola phones for past 10 years or so.  By far this is the most fragile phone.  I like the flip phones.  If you want a flip phone with good reliability and features, GET the SAMSUNG phone......  I am very supprised that Motorola does not offer any blue tooth phone either.  They are behind in technology.

I had this phone for about 5 days before I wanted to toss it out the window.  It rings when there is no call comming in and WONT STOP.  I returned it to the store where I bought (T-mobile) it but because it had been 35 days instead of 30, they said they could not exchange it for a new one but would give me a &quot;previously used&quot; phone.  After 5 replacements, I bought a NOKIA.  The camera sucks, and the battery life and signal suck too.

I purchased the T722i from the T-Mobile website.  It's a great phone.  It's a combination of Motorola's T720 and the V60 models.  The T722i has a camera attachment and one should be very careful as not to lose it.  Aside from the camera attachment, it has a number of good features that other cell phone manufacturers have not produced yet.  It's very compact and light.  A large LCD with color is also a plus.  If you plan on getting this phone don't forget to get a case for it to protect the large LCD screen which is very fragile meaning don't get any water or perspiration on it.  Overall, it's a great phone and can be a great topic during a conversation.

From all the manufacturer descriptions and images, i expected this phone to be a state of the art powerhouse. this is not the case when I got it. The picture quality is absolutely horrible, but looks better on the PC. Whoever said that you could not save pictures you take with the camera as background images is not true. i have, and its great. The navigation is slightly confusing, but once you get the hang of it, it will be a pleasure to use. Just read the menu, some short cuts can be confusing since the navigation is highly iconized. The battery life is disappointing and the color screen is a bit on the washed off side, but adjusting the contrast can help a little. The phone has great looks, sleek, sexy, and has a boxy feel which is swell. the material used to assemble the phone looks great but has a cheap feel. The screen is large and i like the shiny border. The signal is good in CA with T-mobile. T-mobile has the best plans compared to other providers. The phone comes with many accessories, including the camera. The camera lens can be manually rotated so you can take pictures of yourself easily. The phone does take a long time to load, but patience is a virtue, and plus no one really turns their phone on and off very much. The games are entertaining, but please expect to pay more to download more. There is only one game! The ringtones are dissappointing, compared to my sony erricsson t300. To sum it all up, this phone is overrated, but it is not your average lil flip phone. it is flooded with features, but if you crave for more personalization, you gots to sacrifice some benjamins. This phone is ideal for a teenager.PROS: Large ScreenGreat LooksLots of accessoriesWealth of featuresCompact SizeGood navigation conceptLarge ButtonsGood for teens to personalize their phoneCONS: Washed out screenPicture resolution is terribleShort battery lifeA bit heavySlowYou have to pay for more personlization

This was an ok phone. Don't look forward to taking many pictures with your camera because it is terrible. All this phone is, is a mixture of a Motorola v60 and a Motorola t720. It is a pretty simple phone. If you have second thoughts about this phone, buy the Nokia 3650 or the Samsung V205.

Good:- has a very addictive games (motogp)-is small in size-color screen-has GPRSBad:- unable to see the screen well in sunlight-camera quality is terrible- menu is slow and difficult to navigate-has no infared nor bluetooth

one of my good friends has this phone and she hates it w/ a passion. the battery life sucks, the screen goes out when u open it too quickly or hard, and the phone itself is flimsy. i was about to get this phone because of the good cash back deal... but glad i didn't. =\

This is a good upgrade from the 120.  Better battery life and a slightly updated styling make this another solid phone from Moto.  Designed in Asia (by a Singaporean contractor?) the phone has that unique Asian look, but at least it's got Moto's cool factor.  Definitely not as weird looking as Sumsng phones, and much better quality (build and voice) than the latter.But I'm still not hot on T-Mobile.  Count me as one of the many, many unhappy T-Mobile customers.  Network availability is a HUGE problem here in Brooklyn, and network coverage is still poor in most of the country -- no signal in most of Connecticut or Florida.  Even AT&amp;T has better coverage and they were late in the GSM game...

I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.  It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.  My biggest complaint is that there appears to be no way to go from high volume to vibrate noiselessly (each push of the volume button makes a beep).  I loved that feature on my StarTac.  Look elsewhere for a good flip phone.

I have CDMA version and battery life is short even not using games, the color display looks faded, its case looks cheap and fragile, buttons don't work well (sometimes you have to force them), there's no software for downloading from PC, so every little thing you want to load on the phone (ringtones, wallpapers, etc) you have to pay for. Not even want to mention the camera...Pure waste of money.

forget about using the camera on this thing. its useless if you want any real quality. the reception is pretty good but i have had a couple dropped calls in the first week. the tmobile tzones internet restricts a lot of sites and dont plan on looking up movie times if its raining, nor checking your email. the display is nice and overall its a really cool phone. an aftermarket change is definitely necessary though not yet available. running around online or having it flipped over will eat the battery. i have charged it 4 times in the first week.

Do not buy the phone for the Camera.  If you are looking for a great camera phone, the picture quality of the Samsung v205 is Much better.  However, I am disappointed with the battery life of both..The Motorola T722i is fast.. the color screen is not as bright as the Samsung-- (I cant help but compare the two).  However.. iside for apearances.. the motorola has twice as manny accessories and features (including the desktop speakerphone.. and mp3 player addons)  so if you are into little gadgets like those, its a great phone.  OR.. you can wait until the new Sony Erickson gets to the US-- which has a touch pad face and the features of both without all the addons :-)

This is one of the fascinating cell phones I have ever come accross. Infact when I came accross the product it sounded as i was dreaming. It was until when I realized that I was viewing a cell phone that I understood what this was all about.I really do not know how this kind of phone can have have so many features and up to a camera. Mastering the use of a phone is interesting but understanding the functions is another thing. I intent to have this phone so as to be able to study the functions physically and understanding the whole show about the phone. One pertinent question I would like to ask is to know whether this phone can be use world wide. Actually I leave and work in Cameroon, West Africa and would really appreciate the acquisition of the wonder baby.How do I procure this phone?. What are the payment procedures. I can issue an America check which has to chased before the phone is sent to me in the address i will send to you  when you give me the go ahead. I have never fallen in love with a phone as I have done with this Motorola T7221i phone w/Camera attachment(T-Mobile).

where can i get a new faceplate for this phone??

Well worth [the $$]...Pro - Voice dialing is good (though # of numbers is limited), backlighting is cool, volume is loud (enough), mini antenna, small, price, looks cool, does not heat up muchCon - Somewhat slow, screen touches your cheek when you talk, ring tones and wall paper cost $.99 w/ T-mobile, camera ABSOLUTELY STINKS... do not buy this phone for the cameraI would suggest it......

I've had this phone for an extremely unfortunate 6 months. The other day, it started making noise while on vibrate, so I had to get another one.Good:-display is big and not awful-you can close the phone while the earpeace is in-external ID-umm..reception is..acceptable? (I'm shooting for anything here).Bad:-enormous-flimsy-camera really sucks-screen gets dirty while talking-SLOWWWWW-most ringtones are obnoxious-just annoying and ugly2 out of 5, just don't get it. It's as simple as that. Get an E105 or V300 or something, just don't get this.

This phone is pretty good compared to others. My girlfriend has a Samsung V205 and it doesnt seem to be much better. The keypad [is weak] for dialing and the battery life is awful. But the T722i is different. Sure sometimes it can be a little slow when you press a button but thats not a big problem. The T722i has great battery life... with up to 2 hours talk time a day the battery lasted about three days without charge.(The Samsung V205 cannot compare). The features are nice. With tmobile the tzones internet is not bad. The camera attachment can be better. It does need a lot of light but even then it does not give great resolution at all.Overall I am satisfied with this phone. T-Mobile is great. No problems with their network whatsoever.

I purchased this phone as an upgrade from the Sony T- 300 which was one of the worst phones that I have ever bought. But it was free after rebates but I diffidently like the MOTO better this phone is great I paid a lot but it was worth it. The color screen is gorgeous. I get a signal with that phone when some of my friends don't, who have the same service (T- Mobile) as I do, with there stupid Nokia phones. Overall if you travel a lot then stay away from T-mobile. Is you don't and live close to a metro area then you are going to be ok. T-Mobiles coverage really needs to mature. If I go to far from Boise (Idaho), then I have problems. Pick Verizon if you can. They have the best coverage known to man it seems like.

I started out with the Nokia 3390.Man i loved my phone,but i had always wanted a flip phone. so i got the Motorola V66. Man i loved my phone,but then i wanted one with a camera attachment. So i got the Motorola T722i phone. It's an upgrade of the T720i phone. This is actually a pretty good phone to use. The features are cool. The included ringtones are pretty cool to hear,the only thing is that it is kind of low,even if its on the highes volume level. Also has voice activated dialing. Comes in handy alot. One thing that i did not like is that it only comes with 1 game,and it gets very boring. and you can only have 1 game on the phone at a time. What that means is that you can buy other games,but not from the tmobile website,from the motorola website,they offer great games,but you'd have to delete your current game to install a new one. another bad thing is the screensaver. the screensavers are cute and look pretty funny,but they'll only work if the phone goes idle for more than 1 min.and by then the backlight on the phone turns off,and the only way you'd be able to see the screensaver is if you keep the phone open since it is a flip phone,because if you close the phone,then open it,it comes back to the main screen,so there is ABSOLUTELY NO point for the screensavers unless you want to take a look at them. the camera quality is not excellent unless in light,but the good thing is that you can actually place pictures you've taken on the wallpaper,and they actually come out a little better,and look real cool there. now some good things are the phone's look itself. the sleek silver style says it all. the buttons are very easy to use and access unlike other phones. two side buttons allow for easy and quick access of the phones volume,whether it be ringer volume,or talk volume.while on the phone,it sounds very good,and very loud,sometimes have to actually lower the volume so others cant hear my conversation with the ohter person. external caller ID is great.Personlization is also great,change colors of the screen,or the menu type. very handy feature if you like changes. Service is VERY good with the phone,although for some reason, i can NEVER talk longer than 2 hours,cause it always ends the call. it always ends the call at 2:00:01 talk time,maybe it's just mine though.Battery life is very good,even talk time.and charges pretty quick. GREAT PHONE TO GET if looking for a cheaper version of the other camera phones,very nice phone.

my dad and grandfather have this phone have the chance to play with them and fiture them is a nice phone a mean a phone the camera is not that good o well is an adition so it wont be to good is not a new phone on the market so you cant coparate with v300 or e715 calls are preatty cleard the voice dial is nice and cleard the game is not good but the web t-zone works great so you can go and play games the polyphonic tones are nicewhen you down load is and good avreage phone battery not a big issue becs my e715 drains fast as well the v300wth avreage use can last 2,3 days so really if you want a feature phone get e715 or if dont have the $ get v300 if you want a nice avreage phone with phone features get this is not all that but is not that bad as people said

I recently purchased this phone from amazon.com for 99.99, Im telling you this was definatly worth it. This is one of the best phones out there now, All the good features. This phone is really worth it, And the t-mobile service is great to. Dont waste anytime, Hurry Up and purchace this phone.... Motorola T722i

With this being my first wireless phone, I am extremely pleased. I was a little leary about buying a phone with rebates, but everything worked out fine. The features this phone has are amazing. The battery life is  great, I let it charge for about 18 hours, and it hasn't been charged again, and it's been 2 days. The color screen could be sharper, but I can't really complain. It comes with a ton of ringers and sounds. Overall, this is a great phone. I didn't buy the phone for the camera, good thing because the camera is really [doesn't work very well], it takes decent pictures for a small screen, but like I said I didnt buy it for the camera.PROS- Compact size- Easily learnable (the address book might take you a while)- Chock full of features- Beautiful phone, very attractive- Wonderful Phone!CONS- Camera- Internal Antennae (no problems yet, but I like external)

I thought it was cool when I got it, but the more I used it, the more I hated it. I've missed countless calls because I couldn't hear it ringing. Navigating the user interface is unnecessarily complicated and slow. Switching ring modes requires you to navigate to the ring styles portion of the menu system, in my opinion, you should be able to change this without opening the phone. Battery life is horrible, if this phone goes into analog mode, you might as well turn it off, because the battery won't last more than a few minutes. I'm considering re-activating my old Kyocera QCP-860 ThinPhone.

I just bought the phone about 1 week ago, the phone has a good battery life and lots of cool features. The thing I like about this phone is that when you send a Text message from AIM you are not counted for a whole text message. while with other phones if you send just a simple "hi" that is already 1 text message used.The thing I am [upset] about is that you can't download new games, I have tried soo much and you still cant. The pixelation is somewhat OK its not all that great and the Camera doesn't show good quality pictures.Overall this is a good phone, it has lots of nice features, lots of ring tones and more you can download including wallpapers. T-mobile customer service is great also but they need to expand their coverage area.If you are looking for a phone to buy for just talking all the time then buy this one, because it does give good Battery life, I didn't have to recharge it for about 2 days and I was talking on the phone and I was on T-Zones all the time. Now that's a good .. battery life.If you don't like this one there are others like it out there, the T720i, T721i, and that's about it. ...

The phone is not really bad to say but could have been designed better, for example, the camera is seperated from the phone which makes it hard to grab it with you all the times.

this is not really an out standing phone.that phone is the mixture of motorola v60 and the motorola t720i.the out look of that phone is like v60 and the inner look is as same as t720i

The second day after I got this phone, it wouldn't turn on.  I had to exchange it for another one.  Now, four months later, the end key doesn't work and turns off every time I plug in my handsfree.I called T-Mobile, they said they were going to send me a replacement.  They did, but they failed to tell me that it was a refurbished model.  It had dirt in the keypad.  I had to vacuum it but it's still dirty.I went to a T-Mobile store and was told that they discontinued the T722i because there were so many returns due to defects.

yeah, go with a different phone.  this one has been discontinued because it has so many promlems.  I've had it for the past 8 months or so and I'm getting ready to trade it in for a new one for the third time.problems the phone often encounters:-end button stops working-randomly dropped calls-answer the phone to both the microphone AND speaker not working-screen not working so you can't tell who's calling-dirt gets under the screen very easilyI'm sure there are more.  it's not all bad, but you're much better off with another phone.

Pros:User friendlyCan read the whole text in one screenCons:Colours should have been more attratctiveBattery life would have been inmproved OR should have given extra battery in long run

This is by far the best phone that I have ever owned!  Not only is it sleek and sexy, it is also well equipt with a datebook, phonebook, cool color games, internet access and very cool ringtones.  The camera attachment is too fun!!!  If you are going to buy any phone buy this one!

This phone is like made of a piece of glass.  I dropped it by accident on the floor and LCD started cracking.  TMobile charged $75 for the repair/exchange.  I haven't seen such a phone that is so fragile.  This is definitely not a phone recommended for day-to-day use.

I've had lots of phones in the last 12 years, but this by far is the best. --- I'm referring to the T720i that I use with Cingular.  I've had 3 or 4 Nokias and liked them, but this was a huge improvement.....If you have bad reception, blame your carrier!  not the phone.  I have excellent reception 99% of the time, super battery life, great ease of use!  Press a button on the side of mine and they go right to voice mail.  Dial by name recognition works perfectly....

This phone should be less then free people should pay you to walk around with this phone. I have owned this phone less then 2 months and I take really good care of it considering, I wipe the screen off every time I'm done useing it I clean it each day, I even clean the lint out of my pocket before I put it in there but still for some reason lint and dust and hairs get under the screen in mine and my brothers and thats not the only problem I spend about 5 minutes each night just trying to get the phone to charge because the charger doesent clip in right or the phone just says unable to charge even of the phone hasent been charged for 2 days. This phone looks good on line and sounds like a great deal with the camera attachment but let me tell you its not. Take my advice and dont buy this phone it is a HUGE waist of money.

I bought this phone because I wanted a) a flip phone b) a colour screen c) a good price (for free).  The fact that it came with a camera attachment was a bonus (although it's certainly not a great bonus).  I've used this phone for a couple months now and these are some minor annoyances that I have with it:* as much as I wanted a flip phone, the screen gets pretty greasy from being pressed against the upper part of my cheek.  I'm not sure if this is because of the size and position of the screen - but I find I have to continously wipe off the screen (especially before I let anyone use it)* sometimes there is a delay after pressing a button before it appears on the screen and sounds a beep. (my friend has also noticed this with the same phone)* there is only one game that comes with the phone (I think its a motorcycle racing game) - but it takes so long to load that I never bother to play it.  (I would have been happier with a simple game like snake)* earbuds came with the phone, but some of my friends complain that they can't hear me well when I am using them (although, it's not so bad that it stops be from using them)* I thought the camera would be cooler than it actually is.  The quality of the pictures isn't as good as I have seen on some other phones - and because it is an attachment - I usually never bother to carry it around with me so it never gets used.All in all, I think this is a good phone - and I am happy with my decision of purchasing it.  Although the above things can be annoying, they don't bother me that much and I rate this phone 4 *s.

I got suckered in with the original price and then how much you get back when you sign up for service.1.  Do not use T-Mobile.  Nothing but problems and thier service range is horrible.2.  I agree with the camera.  It stinks.3.  Not taking the charge is annoying.  Sometimes I have to play with the phone for sometimes 20 minutes so I can charge it overnight.4.  The phone is not durable at all and the screen turns all blue after opening the phone after it has been off the charger for an hour or so.  The phone will not function right and I have to close it and wait for a few minutes for the phone to reset.  My sister in laws does the same thing.  The phone should not do this.Overall, I should have chose a little more wisely and know why they are giving so much back when you purchase the phone.
