
This phone has everything I want. Worldwide bands, video, still cam, (very sharp pics too), Bluetooth, (love my new bluetooth headset), crisp sound, great screen! WOW! I had the V300 so this upgrade is just what the Cell Phone Camera Doctor ordered! Great speakerphone and Ringtones too!Patty

I placed an order on July 7th.  The availability was 1 to 2 days at the time of order.  However, after I placed the order, the confirmation stated that the estimated shipping date is July 13.  Today is July 14 and I check my order status.  The estimated shipping date has changed to July 21.  I called Amazon customer service 1-800-201-7575 and certainly it wasn't helpful.  I plan to cancel the order if they further delay the shipment.  Don't order cellphone from Amazon if you are in hurry!

I just purchased a V330 and have fallen in love with it! Reccently I had a V300, and thought it was pretty good, but the feature difference between the two phones is amazing. The V330 has so many more capabilites.... the reception is much better, the screen brighter, the camera greater, the look sleeker.... everything about my new phone is great! Keep up the good work!

I've had this phone for two years now, and I'm really disappointed with it. When I first got it, it worked great, loved taking pictures and messing around with the ring tones and all that. After a while though, I noticed that the whole phone seemed to degrade before my eyes. The earpiece in my first phone went out (I'm on my second one now), and I had to put everything on speakerphone or dig the phone into my ear just to hear somebody. I figured I could live with that, it wasn't too bad, and then the phone began to display the message UNABLE TO CHARGE. Now, anyone with this phone longer than 2 weeks may begin to see this message. I called the T-Mobile customer service/tech. support guys and they said it was a factory defect. So this phone is pretty much bound to fail and stop charging after a period of time. When I called customer service and asked them to replace the phone, they tried to get me to do the whole song and dance of "Did you check the cord?" but they eventually sent me a new phone. I've had the new phone for about 2 months now, and the earpiece is shot already, I can't hear ANYTHING out of it, not even if I dig it into my ear. Every now and then, I even get that message that says UNABLE TO CHARGE and it's becoming more and more frequent. Luckily, my plan is up soon. Overall, I would say pass on this phone and ignore the reviews that say "This phone is great! I've had it for 12 years with no problems!", it's just the T Mobile guys trying to work you over. Just remember two words when you read their reviews: FACTORY DEFECT.

I just got this phone with T-mobile's 600min plan. It turns out they are nothing but piece of crap. Signal was lost averagly every 8 min and no signal at all in my living room. I never gone through a complete call. I don't know which part is the problem, T-mobile or this phone but I would suggest anybody not to buy this phone and T-mobile plan.

I have used tons of motorola phones over the years from the v120 to the v330.  The v330 does have a couple problems with it well at least for me it did. After a couple months I had problems using the chargers.  I switched out 4 chargers, and each one would work good for a couple weeks, then you would have to fiddle with them to charge the phone.One thing they didn't mention the review though, is the ability to listen to the radio on the phone.  Thing is you need to buy a special headset, I haven't got the headset myself t-mobile wanted $50 for it.  But my overall review of the phone is if you have the chance pass on this one.  There's alot more models out, and ones that have less bugs then this phone has.

First off, anyone who says they had this for for 6+ months (or 1 1/2 years for the matter) is ignorant and confused with the V300.  The V330 is the culmination of the V300 and the V600.  It has the sex appeal of the V300, along with the pimp appeal of the V600.  Coupled with a bluetooth hands free head set, this phone surpasses most every expectations.  Among the most notable qualities are voice dialing, mp3 ringtones (which can be transferred directly from your computer via Motorola's Mobile PhoneTools 3.0), video camera in 2 modes, VGA digital camera with 4x zoom and AIM with the quickness.The cons a few and far between:-Aim use is charged PER MESSAGE through T-Mobile.  Unless you have the 500 SMS messages for 2.99, AIM can rack up a few extra dollars-The video camera is hard to configure to get the longest video/audio clips.  However, if you wanna call motorola, the reps in Iraq will get you all the facts on recording video within 5 min.All in all THIS PHONE ROCKS!!!

I got it for my son, the price seemed good. He complains that the battery life is poor and it takes 6 hours to charge the phone. The phone quality is not that great either. He dropped it and had to replace it and buy a really good case. The camera is just o.k. If I had the choice again I would spend more and get something better.

I recently purchased this phone, and coming from a Nokia 3595, I must say it is a step up.The color display is bright and crisp, and so far I've had no problems as far as dropped calls, or limited functionality.  I like the rubber case also, as it makes the phone easier to grasp during conversation.The one gripe I do have is that the keys are not out far enough, and almost seem like they are stuck in a bit.  They are just meant to be sleek, but it almost is to the point that it's not very effective.  Also, lighting on the 7 and 9 keys seems a little low quality, but in pitch black you can still see all the numbers so it's not a big deal.This is my first Motorola phone, and I highly recommend it as a cheap alternative flip phone, if you're not willing to shell out the bucks for a RAZR.

Ok here's a  first Q, are the people who gave this phone a horrid rating check to make sure it was the V330 and NOT the V300? That brings me to my second point, the look of the phone is almost exactly the same as the V300 (now THIS particular model was almost crappy) so people might have confused it. A friend got this phone a little while ago and so far he seems to have no problem with it, in fact he is immensely satisfied and I am myself planning to get this phone and after much much asking around and reading countless reviews, I dont think the phone has bad reception OR drops calls , I would blame T-Mobile in some areas. So practice before you preach!!!

Dont ever buy this instrument. I have been putting up with this piece of crap for the past one year just because i was bound by contract.Every 12 minutes into my call the signal gets lost with this phone. Imagine the situation when you are on an important call and the connection gets severed because of the faulty phone.When i call the customer support people to complain about the signal they remorselessly say its bacause of the phone. Then i wonder why the heck they are offering such a piece to customers. Are they trying to loose customers? The battery life isn't good either - just about 2 hours.

I have owned this phone for about a year and am going to switch to a new phone once my contract expires.  One week after I received my phone it would not turn on.  I returned it and got another new phone but a few weeks later I started having audio problems.  If I talk on the phone for more than 15 minutes the call usually gets dropped and there is horrible static on the line.  I talked to T-mobile about this audio problem and they sent me another new phone.  This is the 3rd new phone and I am still having the same audio problems and dropped calls.  I gave up trying to report my problem to T-mobile (since they insist that this phone is perfectly fine) and am just waiting to switch to a new phone once my plan ends.

I got the V330 and at first I was greatly disappointed. The phone wouldn't hold a charge for more than 24 hours.  I called T-Mobile and they sent out a new battery.  The phone still didn't work.  I called back and they decided to send out a new phone. Still, the new phone would not hold a charge. I called again.  They sent out a new charger.  The new phone was not working well and cutting out which other reviewers have written to complain about.  Well, I called T-Mobile again and they gladly sent out another phone.  Finally this phone is perfect.  I love it and it stays charged, the camera is great, the speaker phone is great.  No worries.  Yes, it took me working with T-Mobile, but the customer service was amazing.  I never had to pay a cent and in the end they solved each and every problem until I was happy.

I've had, under warranty, 4 V330 phones since switching to T-Mobile in July '05.  There is a software glitch that shuts down the phone at random.  After replacing the 5th one with a RAZR, my voice mail is not working.  I cancelled my contract with T-Mobile and will return to Cingular.

UPDATE II: We have owned and used 2 of these phones for well over 6 months now. In that time period I managed to drop my phone a number of times, sometimes on very hard surfaces. Other than light scrathes and a slightly misshapen antenna, the phone works perfect. Does it ever drop a call? Yes, if the reception is poor. This is a function of the network rather than the phone. Our phones have not frozen up a single time. I can send and receive text messages just fine, no problems. I never turn this phone off. It needs a recharge every 3-5 days depending on usage, which is quite reasonable. Recharging does take a rather long time, several hours, but hey, nothing's perfect. As far as displays "just breaking": please do not store your cellphone in a cement mixer, people! This is a brilliant and sturdy phone, and all the people writing bad reviews have some sort of grudge against T-mobile or Motorola, which is OK, but don't knock a perfectly fine phone in the process.UPDATE: a LOT of the negative reviews are about the V300 which looks very similar to the V330 (identical really, except for the keypad) but lacks many features and in general is far inferior. Any reviews starting with "I had this phone for a year" and similar are NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS PHONE. This phone became available in April of 2005.I have owned about half a dozen cellphones over the years. I never paid (after rebates that is) for one and I intend it to stay that way, so this review is not for those willing to blow wads of cash for the latest and greatest because they use it professionally or have an all-overriding need to hear people gasp when they take their phone out of their pockets. Obviously, you would not expect a "better than free" phone to have the absolute greatest specs available. Still, the V330 is a surprisingly full-featured phone.I also believe that discussing coverage issues is largely moot in phone reviews, because depending on your geographical location, you may think that signal strengths are absolutely perfect, or that (put your provider here) is the worst carrier ever. I get five bars at my house, but only two or three at my work.So far I only talked to customer service once, but they were perfectly helpful and hold times were not excessive.When I was shopping around for this phone I had a few requirements that I definitely wanted:1. It had to be a flip phone. I had enough of the "bar" type devices, especially the cumbersome process of locking the keypads and difficulties of answering calls quickly when fishing it out of pockets, backpacks, etc.2. It had to have a camera. This was just to make it a bit more fun. Seems like you only have half a phone without it.3. I would have liked a quad-band phone so that I could use it anywhere during my travels.I was not too worried about bluetooth, voice dialing, or speakerphone capabilities, but it is definitely nice to have those as well. Bluetooth is especially sweet because you can easily up- and download pictures, games, create new ringtones, etc. without having to pay all those fees to T-Mobile. It is too bad that they have no games on their T-zones yet though.The phone has a decent battery life as well, although leaving bluetooth on does shorten it considerably. The keypad is well laid out and handy, and the "joystick" button is easy to use and fairly intuitive. All in all it is a good phone, voice quality is great, and I can actually hear the person at the other end which was not always the case with my previous (Nokia, Samsung, Mitsubishi, etc.) phones.Now for the few and minor shortcomings: The manual is much too brief in the discussion of the many, many features of this phone. Most of the omitted stuff is fairly straightforward to discover though. The built-in memory is not all that plentiful (5 MB). This could certainly be improved upon. Voice dialing takes a bit of patience and I am not fully convinced it is a very useful feature. And the phonebook lists each number separately even if they belong to the same person, resulting in tons of duplicate lines. This is probably the most annoying feature of this phone. But for the money, I can live with that.

Phone arrived and worked well right from the start.  Bluetooth connectivity with DataPilot software works (phonebook and calender).  Camera functions nicely.  Browsing capabilities are very well refined.  Text entry seems a little cumbersome (Prefer the A630 for this).  My wife loves it (it is her phone, mine is the A630) because she doesn't really care about text entry.

I love this phone. It has a unique look to it (not like the normal silver look with most phones today)and I love the keypad. The only thing that sucks is you have to turn it off every now and then in order to send and receive text messages. The camera on the phone is not bad either. I only have to charge it every other day and the charging time is not long. Love it!!!!

I bought two of these phones for my wife and myself.  She was the smarter of the two of us and went back to her old Nokia phone after a few weeks.  I had to prove I didn't make a mistake so I kept using it, much to my frustration.It constantly needs to be rebooted to access the network, especially after being plugged in to the car charger.  If it's plugged in, no one can reach me as it goes immediately to voicemail, and will not notify until after rebooting.I wish I had followed my wife's lead and given up on this POS earlier.

I would have liked to gvie this 2.5 stars.  I bought this phone in June '05.  This phone has many good features and almost all the same as the current razr v3 phone.  Its packed with a decent camera video recording and bluetooth.  My first problem with this phone was an issue with the charger.  The connecting cables are very very week and flimsy I have replaced the charger three times now.  The second problem I had was with the network.  The phone would have full service close to 5 bars and I wouldn't move the phone and then the service would go completely out or down to 1 bar.  It began to drop calls a lot around January and hasn't got any better.  The phone is extremely durable though 2 days ago June 12 06' I dropped the phone accidently from a four story building.  I thought for sure the phone was dead but I when I found it the phone was still working but the front screen broke.  Everything esle still works.  The last and final problem I had with this phone was Text Messaging I am a big Texter and this phone fails sending texts a lot.  You look in the outbox and it says cannot be sent when you have like 4 bars.  All and all pretty decent phone but many defects

Have never before  had such a poor experience with a single piece of electronic equipment. Returned the first one after 6 months as screen went dead. The replacement phone from T-mobile the screen failed again  after two months, and the 2nd replacement refused to charge after about a month. I threw in the towel and accepted a replacement of a different model phone.I'm going back to Nokia with whom I've had far better experience in the last 10 years. No more Motorola for me.

It's a decent phone, and I've found T-Mobile service in NYC and Oakland/SF to be pretty decent, apart from the rare-but-annoying echo effect.The good: it's small, it's easy to look at, calls are clear, it's pretty simple to use, it gets good reception, it charges quickly and gets great battery life, the text-messaging autocomplete works well and makes SMS much easier on the thumbs.The bad: the phonebook is hard to use (only indexed by first letter), I find the outside surfaces scratch very easily, and it has only lasted me a couple of years under pretty light use.Now, I have dropped it - twice - on hard surfaces. I'm not saying it should live through that very often. But generally I keep it in my backpack in its own little compartment, and I don't use it very heavily - one or two calls a day, usually no more than 10 minutes. I open and close it gently and I don't drop things on it. It generally has a good life.Lately it has started to flicker on and off when I open it - meaning that if someone is calling, the call gets dropped. My expectations have been lowered enough regarding consumer electronics that I'm not totally outraged that a $200 device is dying after 2 years. But I do wish it would live a little longer.

I had this phone for 27 days out of 30 and I returned it despite liking all of the phones features.  I have never been a big fan of Motorola phones, opting for Samsung since Samsung phones are usually a little more user friendly and offer more fluff.  Let's face it, easy to use and lots of toys isn't always a bad thing.Any way, let's get to the phone.  It is NOT hard to use and I found it much more user friendly than other Motorolas.  The phone is a little bulky compared to comparable flip models but that really isn't a big deal.  All of the fluff features were okay, the browser was a tad on the clunky end and I had repeated trouble downloading from the T-Moblie site.  The speaker phone was phenominal and it allows you to use it with the phone closed, which is very convenient.So the phone itself was great, awesome features and good quality, so why did I not like it.  Two reasons:  1. Weak antenna, and I mean weeeeeaaaaaak.  I lost signal everywhere and got "no signal" indications in places my previous Samsung T-Mobile phone received service.  It also seem to take a long time to return signal after losing it.  2.  Weak battery.  I got only about 2 hours of talk time and it took close to 5 hours to charge it.  Not good.I returned it and exchanged it for a Samsung x335.  I now recieve a good signal EVERYWHERE the v330 did not and the talk time on the battery is about the same.  The x335 takes only about an hour and half to charge, is smaller, and packs most of the features of the v330 with the major exceptions of blue tooth (which I don't care about, as I have no desire to walk around looking like George Jetson with that bulky ear piece on my head); no world phone capability (don't care b/c when I am on vacation in Europe I really don't want the phone to ring); and no web browser (don't care, if I want to surf the net I can do it at home).  The only drawback to the x335 is the beyond horrible carrying case and the speaker phone only works with the phone open, which is kind of a pain as it is difficult to put the phone down or clip it back on your belt when talking.If the v330 had the signal and battery strength of the x335 it would win hands down, but it doesn't.  As an added note NEITHER of these phones work as well as my old Samsung S105 variant that finally died after 2.5 years of heavy use.  So maybe T-Mobile should offer us better phones all around or this long time customer will look elsewhere for a great phone with great service.

I got this phone as an upgrade to my old V300 model via T-Mobile about six months from the day this review was made.  There are some things about the V330 that are better and worse than my old V300.For openers, the good things are that Motorola caught on to some of the quick key innovations that Samsung conceived for their phone brands available to Sprint customers:  quick keys to access T-Zones and the camera are the two most prominent.  Also, the V330 has Bluetooth capability, which I can't comment on since I don't have a wireless headset to take advantage of this feature.  Those are the advantages to the V330 over the V300.My disappointments with this phone compared to the V300 is that whenever I am reading or writing a text message, it is interrupted whenever new ones come in.  I never had that problem with the V300, and Motorola needs to work out that issue with all their current and future models immediately.  Of course, the only application that incoming SMS and MMS messages will not interrupt is use of Java-based gaming applications.Also, whenever several text messages come in, or even at unexpected times, outgoing text messages will not transmit to the recipients; the phone has to be turned off and back on, and then each outgoing message has to be manually resent.  This too is extremely inconvenient, and is yet another issue Motorola needs to immediately resolve; otherwise, I may go back to buying Sony Erricson phones as I have never had such problems with their earlier models.Overall, the phone is decent.  It is not superb.  It will be once the recommended improvements are made.

I love this phone.  It has great reception- in places that my old phone had only 1 or 2 bars, this phone has full reception.  It is easy to talk on, and the bluetooth feature works well.  The camera takes good pictures.  i am very impressed with the "flip" mechanism on this phone- very sturdy.  A great phone!!

This is the worst phone we've ever owned. Drops calls like crazy, poorest reception ever, keypad locks up constantly, and the charger works intermittantly. First phone I have ever paid money for and the 5 free phones I've used before this one have all worked ten times better.I would not buy unless you are going to use the rebate towards a different phone!

I really like this phone.  I bought it in May 2005 as an upgrade to a four-year-old Nokia.  I have personalized it with downloaded ringtones and I have used photos taken with the phone's camera as wallpaper.  Plus you can purchase cool color covers to change the phone as your mood dictates.  Of course they're not Motorola-sanctioned products, but they can be fun!So far I have had no problems with it, not even with the charger, which several reviewers seem to have issues with.  The sound is great, the phone book is adequate (I solve the multiple phone number problem by assigning different names, like "Lori home," Lori work" and "Lori cell" for a friend with three phone numbers) and it's easy to access the internet.  I even use it as a backup/travel alarm clock!!  The camera is not the greatest, but it is what it is, which is a cell phone camera.  I'm not big on text messaging or games, so the performance of those aspects of the phone are of no real concern for me.I do have two gripes, though.  The first is with the cheap ear piece/headset that comes with it - the little foam cover keeps coming off and it doesn't fit my ear very well so it is constantly falling out of my ear.  I got a Bluetooth headset when I purchased the phone, so I usually use that.  Plus it's nice to have the phone in your pocket or handbag and not have a wire/cord in your way.  Which leads me to my second gripe - it is a little "thick" when closed and kind of bulky when in a pocket.  But these are minor gripes and don't change my overall opinion of the phone.

I bought this phone in June 2006 with a 150$ rebate, but I still did not receive the rebate by Nov 7, 2006, called them tons of times, The reply is "Please wait another 6-8 weeks to get the rebate", so be cautious about the rebate when oreder a 1 cent cell phone.

I am using this phone for last one month. This phone really looks great in terms of features. The signal is getting dropped frequently and end up receiving more voice messages than actual phone calls though phone is on.The battery gives only 12 hours standby or 60 minutes talk time.

I have the 'older' V300 version. I've had it for about a year now, so I'm under the assumption that it is much like the newer 330 model, except for the new "blue-tooth" technology addition. In general, I like TMobile's service. I've been a customer for about 3 years now and except for the gradual decline in acknowledgable customer service representatives (they are so clueless sometimes!), I have no big complaints. But back to the phone...the "outer" soft keys/buttons are sooooooo annoying. If you just touch the phone incorrectly it makes that dumb 'churp' noise and changes the ring volume on your phone. It wasn't until I read the previous reviews that I remember how much I hate when my phone does that--it seems that I had blocked-out the whole experience. I'm also having troubles with the charger, and sometimes the words, "Unable to Charge" comes across the screen. When the phone is "Unable to Charge" you're not able to receive or make calls, use any of the phone's features, or fix the problem without losing your mind (i.e., swearing, throwing the phone, bending and twisting the phone charger's cord, turning the phone on and off and back on again, for example). I've also noticed that if I don't turn the phone off every day or so the phone will sometimes go dead or the words on the screen appear 'encrypted' because they're all collasped on one another (on the outer screen) and the inside screen goes completely blank. Overrall, the phone is very durable (I drop my phone at the least several times a day), has decent memory and the HIFI ringer function is awesome.

I was a little skeptical getting a new phone over the internet, but great Amazon's price (and very generous rebates) convinced me otherwise.I received a phone within three days (free shipping), programmed - ready to go.  Amazon's instructions regarding rebates and how to keep the same phone number (from T-Mobile) were crystal clear.This phone has everything you need: great voice quality, easy to use, Bluetooth connectivity, acceptable digital camera pictures.In short: very happy with this purchase.  It was a very pleasant on-line purchasing experience.Thanks Amazon.com!

This is a great phone. I hardly use all the features but it looks, feels, and is cool.

I just let go of my motorola v188 and went to the store to get a samsung x495 from T-mobile, but what i saw on my screen was not what i saw at the stand.  The Samsung was not what i wanted.  Though it had all the features i was looking for : speakerphone, hifi, it did not look sturdy.  And the white outlining was horrible, not that i care that much, my cell goes in my purse.  So i really had to shop.  Finally I ran into the V330 (didnt like the color) but the sturdy look was perfect (i have two small kids).  When the associate was exlplaining all the features i was impressed. Especially by the blutooth--that is a plus for me.  The camara I didnt care about because I have a digital camara of my own but it became a plus because my husband decided on the Razr so we could pic message eachother (his in the army so his gone alot).  And the fact that both the razar and the v330 are both international its a plus too.We are stationed in hawaii and get fairly good reception here but I have noticed that our previously owened v180's didn't get as good reception as the V330 and the razr.  I wasnt able to use it in my house downstairs now i can talk anywhere in my house, some places better than others-but its better!Aslo I campare the V330 with my husbands razr alot.  The reception is the same.  we will have like say 3 bars and his will change to four then mine will change a second later.  . All the features all the same only his phone looks better but his a guy what can i say!OH and the voice quality on both the phones are the same so clear!!!!  and loud ringers!!!We are both happy with our phones, i would say we bought two of the best phones out there!! thanks

I am extremly happy with this device and would definately recommend this phone to all who are thinking about getting one.First of all it has very nice reception capabities.Very nice options it apears to be an all around nice quality bang for your buck kinda cell. (hope this helps)

I have a small criteria that a cell phone must measure up to:1. must work at home*where I do most of my calling*my parents can hear me very clearly*not full signal since I live more on a hill2. must work at work*full signal strength*is also get good signal around town in San Francisco3. must have bluetooth*wireless headset is a must...we live in the 21st century...wires are no good!The V330 so far meets all of that criteria.  So far so good!I have an Apple powerbook and just upgraded to Tiger.  The iSync did not recognize the V330 which is *not* a big surprise since it's so new but this phone is just like the V551.  So I found this link:[...]I followed the instructions and added the configurations found at that link.  So now the V330 syncs up with my iCal. yah!I don't really care about features like camera or video recording. Yeah it works...blah blah.  My only gripe which is common with other users, the menus are not intuitive.  You have to dig deep into the menus to turn on or off the bluetooth.  Lame.  The datebook is not super easy to get to.  The color screen is nice, but hey I've been staring at a black and green screen on an old Samsung phone for the past 4 yrs...so anything color is nice.

I like this phone. It feels well made and has a beautiful quality generously proportioned screen; a definite plus for folks who like games on their cells. Although the Amazon listing calls it a Tri-band phone, it is in fact Quad-band. Most importantly for me, it speaks Mac. Using a data cable ( pick up a cheapie on ebay ) it functions flawlessly with iSync for iCal and Address Book. The only thing that I'm not very pleased about is that contact email and addresses don't seem to transfer to the phone ( the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 ). There might be a way to accomplish this, but I haven't been able to figure out how to do it.But what I really like about his phone is that it functions quite handsomely as a wireless bluetooth modem. My phone uses the T-Mobile network, and combined with the "  all the data you can eat " program ( around $20 a month ) and my iBook with a D-Link BT adapter, and I'm good to go. The set up is a bit complex, but the nice folks at T-Mobile supplied me with the  info.It's controls are very easy to use and it looks great, I live in a signal challenged area, but I have found that the V330 works better then any other cell I have ever owned. The photo quality isn't anything to write home about, though the zoom feature is pretty effective.  Generally speaking I like my cell phones to have data card capacity, particularly for photo storage, but T-Mobile has a nifty Album feature which lets you store your pics online. I was also impressed by this little phone's sound.The V330 is a real winner!

I am on my THIRD V330 phone now, and am about to demand that T-Mobile supply me with a completely different model. The first one wouldn't charge because it wouldn't recognize that the charger cord was plugged into it, the second one had LCD screen problems and wouldn't hold a charge, and for this third one I had a new battery sent to me from Motorola and a new phone, but SURPRISE, I've had it for less than a week and already it won't hold a charge. This phone is a piece of crap, and after looking it up on the internet, I found that a lot of people are having these same problems.

I have this phone for just six months. I had charging problemafter using it for only four months. Today, this phone is deadbecause it can NOT be charged. The MOTO customer support askedme to send it back for a repair. How can you say this is aworkable solution? Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!

I have been using this phone for quite some time now, it has not given me any trouble at all. The only down side of this phone is that it a bit heavy and the camera is not that great. Otherwise this is proabaly the best flip phone T-mobile has to offer.

This phone sounds allows calls the be as clear as a land line. I am a former ATT/Cingular customer and just switched to Tmobile, this phone, combined with the great service has been excellent. When I talk to people on it, they think I am on a land line. AMAZING. Very pleased with the V330

I have had this phone for a month now and have been quite satisfied with the phone and T-mobile. I do have to say to be weary of all the initial plan charges.  I am especially dissatisfied with double taxation, first on the activation fee and then on the monthly fee. Thus, a $35 activation fee is more like $42-$45 per phone. Back to the phone, it is easy to carry, has good reception, although occasionally calls just disconnect. The phone is the perfect size to keep in a purse, and since it has a rubberized top, it doesn't get all those scratches you normally get from keeping the phone in your purse.  I also recommend making use of the bluetooth technology.  This phone supports v1.2, so I also purchased the Logitech Mobile Freedom Bluetooth Headset ($39), and it works great. You can keep your phone in your pocket/purse or while driving and not be bothered by carrying it. Other user's comments also apply:Pros:- Good customer service- Voice dialing works! (But you can only voice dial numbers stored in the phone memory, not the SIMM card)- Small, rubberized top, good sized buttonsCons:-Multiple phone entries for one person-Honestly, too many features, which can really be confusing and probably will end up never using them-Because of all the features, the battery does not last as long as my previous monochrome Samsunglast, but it is not bad-Does NOT come with USB cable and software to download pictures/video from phone to computer. About $50.00 to buy cable/sftwre from T-Mobile-The side buttons for ring tones and other programmable functions such as the phonebook are awkward, sometimes I don't know which ones to pressOverall, I recommend it.

I've only had my phone for a day, but I wanted to correct some earlier reviews that stated otherwise. I did have to update iSync via Software Update, but after that the sync worked perfectly--all my address book contacts and calendar events popped right over--fantastic!

this phone is ok as a phone.  it has no mp3, the pictures stink, and sometimes the bars disappear.  but i've dropped it so many times i've lost count, and it still works great (despite the multiple scratches).  if you're looking to get it solely for communication purposes and are a klutz like me, i would highly recommend this phone.  otherwise, get something else.

This was my first clamshell phone, and I like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  It seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all Nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  The biggest issue is definitely the battery.  I am NOT a heavy cell phone user so I like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  This phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with MINIMAL USAGE.  I don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  Also, I am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but I am sure I would have become familiar with them in time.  I won't have a chance on this phone since I am looking to return mine ASAP.CONS:POOR Battery LifeWorse reception than previously owned phonesNot comfortable to holdPROS:Looks goodCompact

This is actually a quad-band mobile phone which makes it a true 'world phone'... more so than the common tri-band devices.World phones are generally equipped w/ both 1900 and 1800 frequencies. Together, these frequencies cover Europe, much of the U.S. and many other countries. Most tri-band units, however, are usually equipped with either 850 or 900mhz.850 fills in the 'rural gaps' in The States. 900 allows for roaming in New Zealand and Australia. Whereas both T-Mobile and Cingular operate on GSM frequencies and therefore can offer world phones, Cingular operates on the 850 and T-Mobile on 900. They allow each other to use their frequencies for instances where they don't provide a needed frequency... provided you device is equipped w/ both 850 & 900 mhz as is the Motorola V330.How is T-Mobile? Truth of the matter (as with any mobile phone service) it comes down to the region you live in as well as what building your in and the area that building is in. Sorry, there is no across-the-board answer. As soon as one gets great reception, his/her neighbor curses it.Visually, this phone is indistinguishable from just another flip phone, but it offers rather large and well-spaced keys. The screen is vivid and bright. The ringtone gets plenty loud. For these reasons, it's a great phone for seniors who still want a modern phone. I just got one for my mum.Of course, being a quad-band, video, camera, multi-zoom, bluetooth, infrared device w/ browser, the general ease of operation can only be so easy. That 'said,' many a senior probably couldn't be bothered w/ messing with it all or putting to test call quality in rural U.S. and New Zealand.That you get all of this and at such a price makes the V330 an eyebrow-raising steal.One more thing - That it's blue, not the de riguer black or silver, I like.A quality phone packed w/ a host of goodies. Go 'head on, Motorola.

The phone operates ok in terms of signal and battery.  But, the menu system is completely outdated and non-user friendly (like all MOT phones).  Do their software engineers even look at NOK phones to compare at all before they launch a new handset?  They are light years behind in the interface.  You still can't store several numbers for one person under one name (each has to be a seperate entry).  The phone's green call button is on the right (should be on let like every other phone).  The most annoying thing are the buttons on the side that constantly get pushed in your pocket and change the ring style and volume.  Each time they change, it makes a loud beep.  This phone is not worth getting, especially now (I had mine for a year and am looking for a better phone now as a replacement).  MOT phones in general are to be avoided.

Good:The screen is big and bright.  The sound is loud and clear on the handset and on the speakerphone.  You can transfer your own Midi and MP3 files for ringtones from your Mac (avoiding network fees).  You can store 4MB of JPEGs on the phone for a brag-book.  Speakerphone on V330 can be activated anytime during a call.  No software install nec for Mac OS.Less Good:Some of my favortite features (like calculator) are deep inside the menus.  Mac OS iSync works only over USB cable (and it's a special Motorola cable for this model), and file transfer works only over BlueTooth.  But they both actually work!  Sound is distorted over standard audio plug earpiece, but sounds great on the BlueTooth earpiece (for $80).  Be carefull using the holster accessory (make sure it clicks). Camera is VGA (it is just a phone, after all), but works well in low light.

I have read the reviews of the other owners and agrere and disagree.  First, yes, the ear piece volume does seem especially low.  I have mine permanently set on high and I'll have to "dig" my ear into the earpiece to hear conversations when I'm anywhere other than alone in a quiet room.Second, the phone does let you store different numbers for a single contact.  When you're editing a contact, simply go to the bottom of the "Entry Detail" and select "...More..."  My phone came with quite a large owners manual that taught me all of that.Two additional problems I have experienced is first, with call dropping.  If I don't turn my phone off every few days, when I call someone after 12 minutes it will spontaniously drop the call even though I have a full signal.  This is not a problem if I turn the phone off every 3 or 4 days, perhapse I"m just lazy.Lastly, if you carry this phone in your purse or in your pocket, expect it to make a LOT of noise.  Someone mentioned that the smart keys on the side are complicated to change the volume.  They are also sensitive.  When I place it in my purse it constantly is beeping at me and changing the volumes.  Sometimes it will even turn the volume off un-beknowns to me.  One positive feature is that it does have a vib then ring feature which I enjoy.

The two V330 phones are working great in all functions for three months, then one of the LCD screen went blank. However..All functions are intact and i can make calls.. use bluetooth.. speaker phone... just that the screen is all white.  Called T-mobile.. its under warranty.. and will be replaced soon. HOWEVER..  TMOBILE USED TO HAVE FREE HANDSET EXCHANGE PROGRAM, NOT ANYMORE !!! IT WILL COST YOU $9.99 TO SHIP THE REPLACEMENT PHONE EVEN IF ITS UNDER WRARRANTY AND THE PHONE IS DEFECT.If you get a good phone without defect... Good for you..if you get a bad phone... be prepared to spend 10 bucks to exchange a likely refurbished phone (Yes, replacement may be new or refurbished according to Tmobile).

I owned the V300 and found it to be a bit quirky, strange things would happen when ever I charged it, when it was finished all the personal settings would revert back to factory standard. They seemed to have fixed that with this latest version of the phone. My understanding is that they have combined the features from both the v300 and the v 600 to make this phone. I've only had it for 1 week and so far so good I always enjoyed functions such as speaker phone, voice dialing and voice memos, now I get the blue tooth and a much better redesigned key pad along with video clip capabilities. All of this is good news! If I had to pick a down side I would have to say that I'm dissapointed that Motorola decided to make this phone look exactly like the v300. I like what the body of the phone feels like, but a change of color would be better, maybe silver.

Well I got this phone in June05, and for about 4 months everything worked great. The Bluetooth connected perfectly, no dropped calls, etc. Then, things started going downhill. First, my Bluetooth became flaky - sometimes the person I was talking to would not hear me so I hung up and called without it. Not a big deal, but annoying. Then the battery life got bad. OK, I bought a new battery - fixed. Then, the kicker - the phone would magically just "lose" the network despite not moving the phone. Then, my signal was not as good at my house despite being perfect months earlier. So, I bought an aftermarket antenna - I got a small improvement. To this day, the phone still loses the network and drops calls like crazy; sometimes when showing 4 bars! This is my first time back to Moto since the old startacs and I probably won't be back. I just ordered an unlocked Sony Z520a and I'm sure it will not suck as bad as this phone.

I signed up w/ T-Mobile on July 28th, 2005.  I purchesed the Motorola V330. BIGGEST MISTAKE!!!!  I had the phone not 2 weeks and the inside display and outside display kept intemittenly going black.  I called TMobile customer service, they sent me a replacement V330, then said there was "physical damgage" to the phone and charged me $70 to my bill, which cause me to go over my "spending limit" which then turned my service off!!!! NOW, I never dropped the phone, never got it wet, yada yada yada, !!! PISSED!!  So, I get the replacement, theres no sound when it powers up or down, no one can hear me talk, and again the LCD's are going black, I call Tmobile again, they send me ANOTHER V330.  I have had this one about 2-3 weeks, now the dang thing will ring from 3-5 minutes, lcd's are black, cannot see who's calling, cannot answer the call, had to remove the battery to make it stop ringing.  Then later that night tried to access Tzones, cant!!!  It says File not recognized!!! I call Tmobile, they are sending me my THIRD V330 and they said I would be qualified for the "multi-exchange program", that's where you've had problems w/ the same phone and they send you a compatible new different phone.  I 'm suppose to recieve the 3rd V330 today and if it doesn't work, I'm to call them and let them know asap.  They did state tho that they DO NOT HAVE any other phone to send me since the V330 is "so new" under that multi-exchange program, I would keep getting a V330!!! I'm TIRED OF GETTING THIS PHONE !!!!!!  Having to have it replaced approximately every 2-4 weeks and then it not working.  There's MAJOR issues with the V330, just NO ONE want to admit it.  I will however, go to management or who ever I need to, to get another DIFFERENT phone COMPATIABLE to the V330, ie:  camera, video, bluetooth...  It's not right for them to take advantage of me when it's not MY FAULT that THEIR PHONE HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS!!!!  They need to get real and fix them and compensate with compatible phones!!!!!!!!  UNREAL!!!!!!  DO NOT BUY THE MOTOROLA V330, NOTHING BUT TROUBLE!!!!!!!!

I bought this phone in July. Wait about 2 weeks to get my phone. overall is fine, but the battery seems not good. Each time it uses about 6 hours to charge the battery. Like today, it has been charging for almost 14 hours, still charging! Unbelievable.

I'll start by admitting I've only had the phone for 2 weeks. So far I'm pretty happy with it.  (As some other reviews pointed out, this phone only became available in May.  Reviews saying people have used it for months are probably mistaking it for the v300.)  The jury's still out on T-mobile.Pros --Pretty good voice sound quality-Good sound quality on mp3 ringtones-can communicate with laptop using bluetooth without additional software (I was able to add mp3s)-Screen is very bright-Very long redial list - 10.  (My old phone had 5)-Works well with the Motorola HS820-The size is nice-Plenty of faceplates available (I noticed someone gave it a bad review because it's blue - that's changeable!)-Speakerphone's clearer than I expected it to be.-Buttons are easy to use and intuitive-Outside display is easy to readCons --I'm sure I read somewhere it has USB connectivity. I want to clarify that it does NOT come with a USB cable.-Motorola didn't include any sync software.  It's available for an additional charge.-Menus are not intuitive.-The phone takes FOREVER to turn on.The camera is a typical phone camera.  I certainly won't be using it to take any special shots I want to keep forever. I wish it could store addresses along with phone numbers.I've been using T-mobile for 3 years.  I had a samsung phone from Voicestream, which was bought out by T-mobile quite some time ago.  Just in the last 6 months I started having a dead zone in my neighborhood and in a couple of other areas around town (Savannah, GA) where I had previously not had a problem getting a signal.  When I contacted T-mobile, they told me I needed to get a new phone.  Unfortunately, that didn't help.Although it isn't perfect, I like it better than any of my other cell phones or any others I have used.Just a tip - if you are replacing a phone, you can transfer the sim card long enough to copy your phonebook.  If you don't have your numbers saved to the sim card on your existing phone, there's probably an option to copy them there.

Atlanta, GA here, and fairly satisified after using this phone with t-mobile for about 3 months. Calls fade or get dropped occasionally, but this could have been a problem with the person/network on the other side of the connection. Overall, call quality has been OK. Not many complaints on the interface, but sometimes it's annoying to have the ring tone selection buttons on the outside of the case (keys get pressed by other items in my pocket). I use it with a motorola bluetooth headset and works great. Highly recommended if you want to talk while driving. Love the MP3 ringtone because I can have it play whatever I want when someone calls. As for other features (camera, video, etc.), can't say much about them because I don't use them much. A solid phone, given the price.

I think Susan Newb (hahahahaha newb) has just had a stroke of bad luck. Perhaps it is because of her name, I don't know. The v330 is without a doubt the best phone T-Mo has right now, and I haven't noticed any bugs or glitches.This phone's features really make it the flagship phone of TMo (think of the phone as the Super Star Destroyer Executor and TMo as the Galactic Empire). The phone never drops calls as compared to the horriffic v180 (my exgirlfriend has a 180. Now you know why she's my ex), and it doesn't have a lot of the problems that other Motorola phones seem to have.All in all, I have had the 330 for 4 months now and I am VERY happy with it.PS. Susan Newb, you are a newb.kekekekekek ^__^

Okay, so I have only had this for a couple of days so I can't really speak about battery life, but I am already lovin' this phone. Having bluetooth and mp3 ringtones is awsome; I will never pay for another ringtone, AND they are the actual song (MIDI can go to hell). Quad band GSM is cool because I know that I can get service anywhere in the world. I havent had it freeze or anything. The main display and the camera look great, in some cases the digital zoom is actually useful for shots that will stay on the phone(normally throwing away pixels make cameraphone images look horrible). The quality of the speakerphone and the voice quality  is average, but nothing to complain about. The external screen is sharp and is quite legible even w/o the backlight, imho. Its up to debate whether not having an external color screen is a bad thing, as a color screen needs the backlight and therefore wastes more power. The phone is compatible with any standard 2.5mm headset, which is nice. So the only feature that I really regret is the lack of a flashcard slot. I guess they do this because thats one of the few features that only the high end phones have, but if this had a transflash slot I could use this as an MP3 player (although this this would obviously require the data cable instead of bluetooth). Another very minor quibble I have is that the photos are too small when you have them for picture caller ID, they could easily be a sqaure inch, but the images show up in 1/4 of that size (even though the extra area is completely wasted!). All in all, however, I am very pleased with this phone, I paid $100 for it AFTER rebates, so the price here is a steal. GET THIS PHONE, is all I have to say.If you do get this phone visit [...], you can download great wallpapers (just use the ones for the v300, since they are the same)

Excellent call quality, compact, not too heavy or light, good battery life (goes a few days with moderate use between recharges), loaded with useful extras like calculator, alarm clock, calendar. Speakerphone works well, decent camera for a phone. Relatively easy to use and navigate thru features. Lots of available entertainment for whoever's willing to pony up extra dough. Bluetooth is awesome. It is exactly what was missing from v300. Motorola could've restyled it though.

This is the worst phone i ever used till now. If you need to delete any contact information, you will not get a second chance to recover for what you thought a second ago. Software used is very annonying.

The difference between a good cell phone and a great one is in the small details, which this phone misses.On the positive side, it has almost all of the features I want:1.  Big 2.2" color screen with SVGA quality2.  Bluetooth for wireless earpiece/microphone.3.  Built in speakerphone4.  Voice activated dialing with bluetooth5.  640 X 480 camera with 4X digital zoom6.  AIM Instant Messaging7.  Plays JAVA games8.  Internet and instant messaging9.  Large 5 MB memory capacity which can store lots of pictures, video and games.10.  You can purchase a cable and software to u/l and d/l pictures, ringtones, etc. directly from your computer.  With a little hunting on-line, you can also get software to really mess with the phone!11.  Most thematic elements can be changed including Polyphonic ringers, wallpaper, screensavers, etc.So, what is wrong?1.  The phone book is misorganized:  Almost every person I want in my phone book has a home phone number, a cell phone and a business phone.  I want a phone book that has one entry for each name, and then a subdirectory for each of the different phone numbers and e-mail addresses.2.  The 5 way navigation key with center button is hard to use as it is too small, and the button in the center is hard to push, particularly if you have large fingers.3.  The "call" and "hang-up" keys are not properly backlit so that it is almost impossible to see them at night, even in a nearly pitch black room.  (Why is the camera button well lit when you have no need for a camera in the dark?)4.  The hands-free voice dialing requires such precision in the timing of saying the name, and you have to say the name loud, and in a quiet environment, or it won't work.  This virtually requires you to look at the phone when saying the name, which defeats the purpose of "hands-free."  A person can look pretty stupid yelling out someone's name over and over again in the middle of the shopping mall.5.  The phone is a bit on the heavy side, at 4.3 ounces, although not horribly so.  (For example, the Motorola Razr and Sanyo SCP8200 weigh in at about an ounce less.)6.  The front screen is the typical little motorola blue/gray clock display instead of a proper color screen.7.  The built in speakerphone is not loud enough, particularly when using the Motorola/Cingular leather phone "glove" as it covers the speaker.In summary, it is a good phone which, if Motorola had invested a bit more creativity and care in developing, could have been a great phone at the same price.  Again, it is the details which are wrong.

Bought this phone directly from T-Mobile. You have to be careful when reading ratings; people are rating the wrong phone, picking on their service, etc.etc.I've had this phone for 2 weeks; charged it 2 times.  Batteries will not last as long when you take lots of pictures, use bluetooth, mess w/ it all the time, etc., it's just common sense.Everything works, good choice of ringtones, decent pictures, battery life, features and on and on.  Really can't go wrong, especially when it's free.

My old Nokia almost never dropped a call, but my new Motorola V330 can drop from 1 to 4 calls per day, in the same area, with the same service provider.  Everything else about the phone is very good, except the ring volume button is outside the flip top, and it is easy to accidently change it to soft or silent, and then miss a call.  It would be better if this button was protected, like the key pad is.

Ok, well first of all I want to make clear that I didn't buy this phone through amazon.com, I bought it directly through the tmobile.com website. When I decided to switch from cingular to another carrier I looked at verizon and tmobile, after hearing that tmobile wasn't as good as cing or verizon I was a little worried, however at least in my area (South FL... Miami/Fort Lauderdale area) I get great reception everywhere I go and even inside my own house which is great because I didn't with cingular. Of course you all know that this has nothing to do with the performance of the phone. Ok, so I've had the phone for about a month, ignore people that say that they've had this phone for around a year... they're DUMB... this phone came out May 2005 so they're referring to the Motorola V300 NOT the V330... they look exactly the same except for the awful keypad on the V300. The V330's keypad is more like the V551... it's nice and organized and not crazy looking like the V330. The phone has a nice screen, it's bright and colorful, and if you put it on the brightest setting you can see it outside in the FL sunlight which is great.  The battery life is good too, I get around 5 hours of talk time which is better than my old phone, I use my phone a lot for text messaging, making calls... so far so good. The camera takes good pictures, if it had a resolution of 1 MP it'd be awesome, but the pictures are ok quality and besides I got this phone to make calls and not to take pictures. The menu is great, you can customize it however you want, even the left and right soft keys... you can assign whatever you want. The only downside to this phone is the phonebook, it could be better but unfortunately it takes a while to figure out how to use... those who say you have more than one entry are partly correct... you need to save your contacts on the phone, if you want to add another number for the same person you scroll down to more... then you add a new #, however you're not done yet... in order to only see 1 # for you contact you must go to your phonebook press the menu key, scroll down to setup, then in view change it to "Primary contacts", it's on all contacts by default... after doing that you should have 1 entry and you'll have more than 1 number for you contacts, you can even add an email address if you want. Besides the phonebook this phone is great, I'm more than happy with Tmobile's customer service, reception and most importantly my phone... motorola definately made the V330 a great phone.

This phone has the worst reception, and worst sound of any phone I have ever used.I was excited to get this phone [upgraded from a SE T610 -- a wonderful phone besides the common recharging problem].  It had all the features that were important to me -- namely a colour screen, bluetooth, and lots of contacts.  The phone was an utter let down.As stated above the reception is HORRIBLE.  It will drop calls with all the bars showing, people are constantly saying, "What?!? SPEAK UP?!?" and that's IF you can understand what they are saying.  The simple act of moving your head will change the reception quality.  What good is a cell phone if you need to stand completely still, and don't interrupt the speaker (because interrupting the speaker degrades their voice quality).Stay AWAY from this phone.

cheaper than other full price service contract phones, but this phone not totally cheap eitherno internet service or downloads or games for tmobile prepaid service OMGwell i am new to this phone, so i will talk about what i do know for sure. this part is more about the service than the phone though. OMG i find out AFTER, i repeat AFTER i get the phone and t-mobile prepaid service that prepaid customers get NO internet service and can't download games on this phone. OMG this is not the neolithic stoneage period ok, this is the year 2005 people!! t-mobile-- get with the program!! that's like telling me i ordered a flat screen tv and can only watch 1 channel, and that i can't get cable or use my remote control with it. i got a cell phone here that has the ability to do some multimedia stuff, but prepaid customers aren't allowed to have internet access, sheesh.well i was on a monthly service for a long time, and there was a month or two i dished out 1000$ total, because i did not realize i went over my minutes and was making local phone calls for 20-35$/per month. i said enough of this crap. then later i hardly used my phone anymore. my plan was 39.99/mo but w/ taxes, surcharges, etc, it became 50$/month. i said enough of this crap. and i went prepaid.but prepaid companies need to get more competitive. they will get more money and customers that way if you provide customers more options and services.only reason i went with tmobiles prepaid service plan is because they don't charge daily access fee, and other places do. perhaps i might just change to another prepaid service, dole out a bit more cash, in order to get internet service..about the phone, i agree w/ most people the handbook sucks. and all these people talking about you have to put multiple entries in for people w/ different phone numbers- IT'S NOT TRUE. i had thought the same thing but then i went and read it wasn't true, and i read my handbook, and fumbled around w/ the phone. you need to click on PRIMARY in order to maintain one entry per person.it is hard trying to rate the phone in isolation of the service.. i am new to this phone and don't know much about the phone.

First of all, the reason I bought this phone is solely because of its quad-band capabilities.  I travel all over the world, and its good to always be in touch with people no matter where I am (and believe me, I've been to some strange places.)I didn't buy it for the Bluetooth technology or for the built-in camera, though I'm sure they work great too.  To me, a camera phone is a camera phone, and while the Bluetooth technology is exceptional from what I've heard, I have no intent of looking like a cyborg walking down the street.  So scratch that from my decision making.Anyway, the last phone I had was the Nokia 6610 (tri-band.)  It's also a great phone, just a bit outdated (that, and I've superglued it back together twice.)  Comparitively speaking, here goes:1.)  The V330 definately needs to be clipped to your belt, otherwise you have a big bulge in your pocket (no pun intended).2.)  While it weighs 4.3 ounces, is not heavy.  Compare it with all of the new stuff coming out, and it's light.  Besides, if you can't handle 4.3 ounces, then how do you drink beer, with a straw?3.)  My biggest annoyance is the phone/SIM card memory.  Obviously, the phone does not work without a SIM card.  If you're like me, you want your numbers to be storred on both the SIM card and the phone memory, just in case.  However, if you copy everything over from your SIM card to the phone memory, you end up with every number you have being listed TWICE.  There is absolutely no way to tell the phone to only show SIM memory or only phone memory. (I even asked tech support.)The only way to see the numbers once is to have them saved ONLY to your SIM card or ONLY to your phone memory.  The problem is that the SIM card holds 250 entries, while the phone holds 1000.  Given the choice (which I shouldn't even have to do), I use the phone memory.  I actually had to put the SIM card back in my old phone to erase it, as the only way to do it in the V330 is one at a time.4.)  My other quirk is the users manual, primarily the phone book.  The instructions are terrible!  I'd like to think that I'm an intelligent person, but I litterally had to experiment to figure out how to use its features.  And this goes for almost all of the features.  1-Touch Speed Dialing, which you can only use from the phone memory, isn't even talked about.  And the "Smart Key" on the side of the phone, I've yet to figure out what it even does.  I guess I'm not smart :-)5.)  The last thing I care about is the fact that I can't lock the phone without going through about a 5 step procedure to do so.  If you don't lock it, the outside butons get pressed, which changes your ringer settings (vibrate, loud, etc...).  If you do lock it, then you have to press a code to answer the phone if it's ringing (hope you remember it), and meanwhile, it keeps ringing and bothering everyone around you.So that's my critique.  I plan on keeping it, just to see if I like it better over time.  It was painful to get it set up the way I want it, buut I eventually got it there.  Just a few leftover annoyances that I'm sure I'll get used to.  Personnally I like the Nokia 6610 phone (as I don't use all of the bells and whistles).  the only reason I got this one is because of it's quad band capabilities, which I haven't yet tested out.

This is a poorly designed phone.  Battery life even in standby is less than 72 hours.  The menu system is awkward, especially the phonebook menu. The phone is also on the heavy side.  It's a shame that a company like Motorola with years of design experience can not design a decent phone.On top of all this, if your provider is T-Mobile, then good luck!Poor reception and lousy customer service is what you'll get.

I have had a cell phone since the early 1980's and had always bought Nokia Phones. I love this Motorola and will never buy another Nokia. I've had this phone over a year and love it. I can take a picture and send it to my t-mobile online album or send in a message. This phone does everything I need and more. I love it. I just bought a Motorola Razr V3 Magenta and hope it works as well as the V300!

Like most people these days, I use my cell phone for almost everything. And the organizer/addressbook/phonebook/appointment book MUST work. This phone's so called phonebook, is just that. Phone numbers! Oh yes, it does include names, and even email addresses. Big deal! Are we supposed to maintain a separate organizer for street addresses, and various other important notes?That, along with not having the wonderful email functions of my Nokia 3650, has made me decide to return the Motorola 330, after only having had it for less than a week. So much for a second phone line. At least maybe until the new Razor comes out in October.I thought maybe I could live with those "minor" problems, but I guess I'm just too demanding.Aside from that...it's a decent phone. :)

Never think of buying this phone. Ask me, this phone had lots problems but mainly it crashes and displays the main screen. I have missed more than 50% calls attended on this phone. While talking it disconnects on its own. I can't make call because it freezes. I am just waiting for 1 year of contract to complete and i will break this phone with my own hand. Totally waste of time & money. Never buy.

I've had my phone since February and it's okay.  At least once a day the phone just freezes up or hangs up on whoever I am talking to at that time.  And it does that even when I have full signal.  I plan on buying a new phone and from other review I've read it probably won't be another Motorola.

It worked for the small time we needed it. Didn't like the antenna, but hey the phone range and made calls. It had a calculator too!i know..big whoop!

I recently purchased a Motorola V330 from T-Mobile  and so far it has been a very good phone. It has excellent features like Speakerphone and Bluetooth. The only drawback is the design which looks like the old Motorola V300 phone and is too bulky and heavy. Ocassionally, it will drop calls. Other than that- I am satisfied with this phone! But beware-T-Mobile has the worst customer service!! If you really want a phone like this, I recomend Cingular which carries the Motorola v551.

I really do not know to whom I can blame for this problem. The phone V330 always in trouble even after getting new equipment (no battery) from T-mobile. The battery looses the charge every 1 hour talk. I never use any extra features in the phone except call receiving and talking. I have reported this issue to T-mobile but the issue is not solved yet. Other problem is, T-Mobile coverage is extremly poor in Orange County area(Sou. CA). This is something I did not know before buying this plan.Finally I decided that, this is my last purchase with Amazon.com

I was a Nokia user for a few years with 6610 as my last handset, and I was little hesitant to buy a phone from a different brand, so I ordered the V330 through T-mobile ($100 upgrade) after I was sure I could return it (within 14 days). When I got the phone I was pleasantly surprised that I liked and I was able figure out and use the most useful features at once, so the phone stays! I will give my detailed reactions to the phone to the paragraphs to follow based to my last phone (Nokia). It is a lengthy review, but you can go directly to the features that interest you.Phone Manual: Covers only the basics do not expect to learn everything from the manual; I was kind of frustrated at first but, as I was discovering features of my own I had a discovery satisfaction.Sound Quality: I will only say that I get the filling that the other person is next to me! The speakerphone is not super, is just ok. The volume for both modes is sufficient.Ring Styles: You can select vibrate, vibrate and ring, vibrate and then ring, soft and loud.Ring tones: I have tried it with midi and mp3 songs. The midis are always excellent, however, with some mp3 the sound is not that good, probably because of the process of converting them to smaller file size for the phone, and I plan to find a good mp3 editor to edit my mp3's for the phone. If you upload a regular song the sound is great, but probably it will use most of the phone's memory. The volume of the ring tones is loud enough but compared to my Nokia is not as loud; however, I never used my Nokia to its maximum anyway but it is nice to know that you can.Personalization: You can personalize the wallpaper, colors, screen saver like most phones, but what I liked most is that you can personalize the home keys (cross in the center), left/right menu keys, and smart key functionality: You can assign them anything you want from the main phone menus like: Phone book, AIM, Ring styles, phone status, e-mail, Bluetooth etc. With that feature I have very fast access to the features I need most.Shape: I like the clamshell design, I really like it when I use games, t-zones or any feature because I can hold its keypad horizontal with my fingers and have a pleasant view to the screen.Screen: Very bright and clear screen.Outside Screen: Blue letters, I like that I can easily see the time. I wish if the ringing mode was shown on the outside screen as well.External buttons: With the volume key and the smart key when the phone flip is closed you can change the ringing style by pressing the volume key first, and then the smart key. In addition, when the phone is ringing and you press the volume key the phone goes to a silent mode of ringing, that's useful because sometimes I might not be able to answer it and I might don't want to reject the call.Camera: VGA: 640x480, nothing to be exited about.Java: You can install java games and applications, there many free on the internet, so if the phone misses a feature you would like to have, there is still hope that it might be a java program for that. I install mine either using Bluetooth or WAP, it took me a while to figure it out. If you want to send a java game or app to game or app to your phone from your computer, somewhere in your pc's Bluetooth application it should have an icon named: OBEX Object Push on "Motorola Phone", where "Motorola Phone" is the Bluetooth name of the phone. The only thing you have to do is to drag and drop the ".jar" file to that icon and follow the prompts on your phone to accept and install it.Internet: You can even have an HTML browser on Java (there is one available on the internet to buy), but you have to have the Internet plan in order for that to work. In my opinion it does not worth it to have the internet plan just for that, but if you have it anyway is not a bad idea. By the way, you can access many useful sites just with t-zones like: mobile.google.com, mobile.yahoo.com, in addition to them there many other sites if you do a search for them. For the t-zones e-mail to work you have to have the "T-mobileWeb" feature on your plan which I believe is the same as the paid t-zones option T-mobile used to have.The phone is listed to have its own POP3 email capabilities, but there is not dedicated application for that, I am not sure if it is something on the messages area.Messages: I am not a heavy text messages user but I have send a few regular SMS and MMS and I liked the messages application, however I think this phone (I wasn't able to find it) does not have delivery notifications option for SMS, however, there is for MMS.Bluetooth: Is a nice to have, you can transfer files and use wireless hands free. I have tried hands free operation by connecting my phone to the computer as a head set but the sound was not stable, it will be ok for 1-2 minutes, and then it will be terrible.  However, I tried my phone with HS-850 and the sound is great, in addition, I am using the HS-850 with my computer for internet phone conversations and the quality is also excellent. It seems soundwise my phone and my computer are not a good much, it's not a problem anyway I just wanted to test it out of curiosity.Networks: Quadband (850/900/1800/1900) which works with all the GSM frequencies available. In addition, you have the option to select the mode manually (instead of auto): either 850/1900 or 900/1800. In that way I believe you save power because it only scans in two bands instead of four. I have mine in 850/1900, the USA bands. The reception is as good as my Nokia's, maybe slightly better. The nice thing about V330 is that you can attach an external antenna on the back, this is very useful for me because on the office I have 1-2 bars and I have to be still whenever I am talking to the phone, which the external antenna I am expecting things should much more better.Battery: It takes 3-4 hours to charge when it is empty. In terms of battery life it lasts a day or two but keep in mind I used the phone a lot for calling, wap access and Bluetooth usage so I believe will last much longer after I settle a little and I don't "play" that much with the phone. I am a little bit disappointed for the battery status indicator, is only three bars, I wish it had more steps like in the phone status, battery information which has six bars on there.Phone Book: Not as good as my Nokia, but is ok. If you want to add more information to a name make sure you transfer it to the phone's memory, you can have more numbers for each person but you will have his name appearing as many times as its phone number's. The good thing there is an option to group the same person's numbers when you go through the menu.Voice Dialing: I don't use it much, but seems to be fine.Calendar: It's called date book and is has what is expected from a calendar, does not have a birthday mode like my Nokia. I think this phone does not have to do lists (some sites list it that it has, at least I was not able to find it).That's my experience with V330 so far, thanks for your patience reading my review.

Tmobile has replaced this phone 3 times.  same problem: frozen phone & dropped calls.  Tmobiles answer was to sell me (1) new phone (2) more services or (3) same phone again.  I just want them to fix the problem.

The phone was great - I got a blue tooth card for my computer and am copying photos and making custom ring tones.  That is really cool.  The battery charge time is great.  The camera is a cell phone camera - I guess you cannot expect too much.  I ported my phone number over and this may have caused problems with my rebate, but after 6 months I expect to get my rebate.  T-mobile network coverage is not as good as Verizon in my part of California.

The Motorola V330 Phone (T-Mobile) has a known audio connection defect.  Both T-Mobile and Motorola are well aware of the audio connection problem as they get a large number of them returned for this vary reason.  There is a one-year warranty on this phone and both T-Moblie and Motorola will return it when it breaks within the warranty.  However, they only replace the phone with the same junky Motorola V330 you just returned and (((it will break again))).  After Walmart, T-Mobile, and Motorola giving me the runaround on the one year return policy T-Mobile finally exchanged the phone.  However the exchanged phone only worked for 3 weeks and then it had the same audio connection problem.  When I contacted T-Moblie and Motorola they said I could get a new price of junk Motorola V330 for only $150.00 or I can pay to have mine fixed for $100.00 The Motorola customer service rep located across the globe in India was so nice she said she would even give me a 10% discount since I have had trouble with their defective product.  I said that's great I have only been paying $50.00 a month for the past 24 months for a cell phone that does not work due to your company's problem.I would advice anyone that has the misfortune of buying this phone to contact their states attorney general, consumer protection agency, and find a lawyer that is doing a class action lawsuit against defective audio connectors with the Motorola V330 phones.

I've been using this phone for about three weeks on the T-Mobile system within CT and while travelling. It has been an easy to operate phone. There are a few minor flaws that I've found which you may want to consider prior to making a purchase decision.PROS-Solid reception - seems to hold calls pretty well - have not experienced unexpected call drops.-As near as I can tell people are hearing my calls clearly-Easy to text message with predictive entry - very clear interface and helpful completion of words-While on T-Mobile you can be browsing the web and also receive an incoming voice call (though you cannot continue to browse - the key is that it doesn't send people to your Voicemail). I believe this is a function of the GSM technology that T-Mobile and Cingular operate under.CONS-Earpiece volume is low - you'll have difficulty using this in noisy environments.-Not EDGE (high speed Internet) capable-If there is a way to have multiple contact info (home, business, cell, email) for one address book entry - I haven't found it. Instead I have awkwardly had to setup multiple address entries (how 1980's).-The phone offers a Bluetooth connection - and there should be a standard keypress to turn the BT on and off. Instead you have to create a shortcut or re-map one of the "smart" keys to do the task.-It should be easier to change ring styles - most phones allow you to change the style to vibrate right from the volume buttons or a key press - the V330 supports this (kinda) but you have to use the up/down volume and then a smart key to select. The extra steps are tedious when you are trying to go into a store or movie theater and want to mute the phone.SUMMARYI'd purchase this phone again for T-Mobile. I considered other phones before making this purchase and the overall features (including the ability to use Bluetooth)are what attracted me to the V330.The requirement to list multiple names in the phone book is really odd and it might be that I just haven't found the "secret". The phone doesn't come with any type of detailed user manual so you have to go online and look at a PDF to get the information. So far I have not uncovered any secret. If I had a large phone book that I wanted to use, then I'd probably have passed on this phone (and any other Motorola using a similar scheme).If you are frequently in noisy environments, this probably is not the phone for you either. The earpiece is just too low. I'm constantly trying to raise the volume when talking to someone out in a crowded place that has noise.For a good middle-of-the road phone with solid reception, I don't think you can go too wrong with the V330.

My problem is with the carriers who do not get the best possible deals from the phone manufacturers. I have seen lots of great deals where with a NEW contract, you can get a great phone for nothing. Yet if you have been with T-Mobile, or any of the service providers for a long while, they can not give you that great deal you may find elsewhere.I think the service providers are missing the boat and loosing customers because they do not reward customer loyalty, but rather prefer to spend additional money to recruit new customers.I have been with T-Mobile at least 3 years, maybe more, and have put all three of my kids, plus our foreign exchange student on T-Mobile. Now I need a new phone, and wanted the free deal on the MotorolaV330 I saw on line but thye can not give me that deal. Makes me want to let my contract run out so I can come back next year and get the better phones that the current loyal customers can't get.Just had to get that off of my chest.

I have had this phone since August, 2005. This is probably one of the worst phones I have ever purchased! Motorola puts out some the worst products. This is my third Motorola, all three being disapointing. This phone has a very clumsy feeling to it, and the screen part of the phone is not sturdy at all, it bends way back making the phone straight, instead of having a curve to it, like it should. Motorola has not updated the software in-beded into the phone. Beware, these Moto's like to glitch and turn themselves off, along with sending out-of-the-blue messages to other people's phones. My next phone will not be a Motorola! I will be looking into Samsung or LG. As for the service, I have been with T-mobile for three years now, but as each year passes, they seem to be getting worse. And, with rumors flying around that they're going to be bought out in the near future, I will be considering switching to Sprint. Sprint has the best phone selection out of all the carriers and carries the best phone maker I have come accross yet. Sanyo is known for it's quality products, and if I had my choice I would buy one, in a heart-beat! For all you I/M fanatics out there (like myself) the Motorola V330 still proves to have the best AIM software. As for my last phone (Samsung E315) I can't recommend that one to you. Thank you for your time, Brennen

Considering this phone is new to the market, I am laughing at the reviews that say they have had this phone for a year+...Only complaint, wish it didn't look like the v300.Best feature (for me) Blue tooth is compatible with my car...I love driving handsfree:)

I switched from a Samsung E715, which was a great phone.  As this is my only phone, I need reliability, so I did quite a bit of research, and went ahead and bought it.Pros:Cool looking phone, sets itself apart, for sure.Bluetooth, I LOVE wireless headset feature!Nice screen, sound quality is fine.Cons:Hard to find a good case for it other than the dang puches.Speaker for ringtones and speakerphone is on the back.  If you lay your phone down (or put it in one of the stupid "pouches") you will muffle the volume considerably.Takes forEVER to charge.  Allow at least 4 hours every time.Overall, a good solid performer.  I haven't experienced any of the issues the negative reviews stated, and am very happy with the phone.The BT headset I am using is the Cardo Scala 500, and they match up well.I have been a Tmobile customer for three years, and while I can get better coverage elsewhere, I have been spoiled by Tmobile's customer service, so they keep my business.

This is one of the nicest phones I have used.  It is a traditional flip phone for those who use their phone as a phone and works very well.

I've had the phone for 14 months.  It's been very reliable.  I've dropped it many times, got some chips and scratches on the cover, and the phone keeps performing at top grade.  The battery life is getting shorter over the time tho.  I start to charge it every day, when I used to charge it every two days.Voice quality is superb.  Menu is easy to follow (I never needed to read the manual.)  What I like most over other phones is that it captures absolutely beautiful pictures with nice colors and reasonable details.  I also purchased a data cable to tranfer pictures onto my laptop, easy!Unfortunately, the signal reception is poor at my place.  Before you buy this phone, check the reception of T-mobile in your area.  This is a great phone if you are lucky to live at a 5-bar region.  Otherwise, get ready to apologize (to the other side of the line) over and over again every time your call gets dropped. :PBy the way, I'm not sure if this is sth. about T-mobile or the phone-- summer daylight saving time doesn't get adjusted automatically, you have to restart the phone (twice a year).

I've had this phone for 1 1/2 years.  Over the past month I've been fighting getting it to work when flipped open.  Took it to Tmobile for service and told would cost $70 for maintenance or buy another for over $100.Have never dropped this phone!  I would argue that it's poor quality- very disappointed.

I have this phone for the past 2 months and I wanted to get rid of this junk. They charge an exorbitant price for this phone, but ultimately it is a useless electronic toy with no real purpose served.The reception is pretty bad with T-mobile and every one in five times, I miss the call. Speaker phone is horrible, my friends always complain about a loud noise.Battery life is okay, but noway matching to that of Nokia's. Motorola has to learn from Nokias, I cant imagine how the Moto Engineers come up with such a clumpsy design.The front display panel broke all on a sudden. Remember , not even 2 months are over. I called the T-mobile customer service and guess what ? They dont cover this under warranty ! They cover only manufacturing defect; to my surprise, they dont think it is a workmanship problem, putting cheap quality parts in their phones.Overall I would rate this phone much below the average expectation and very poor in design and quality. One might argue that there are one thousand other features on this toy, but if it can't serve the basic purpose of a phone, I dont think it can be called as a phone.

I had been using cell phones for the past 15 years in two different countries. Many people rated this phone like it is really bad and I believe this ratings are unfair.If you only had used Motorola phones in the past, like in my case, none of the features like the SENT button in the right is weird. I have a phone from work made by Nokia and I really can't get use to it because the SEND Button is on the left :-).Before buying this phone from  T-mobile I went to a store and played with one, I recommend to do this with anything you are planning to buy from an online retailer, if you know the product before hand it will not surprise you when it arrives in the mail.I recommend this phone! I love the bluethoot headset, no cables!

[...]On to the instrument now. This phone has the following pros and cons (IMHO):PROS:------1.  Bluetooth: Amazing feature which allows you to download all the pictures and videos from the phone apart from ofcourse the hands-free option. The bluetooth features included are File Transfer, Dial-up Networking etc.2.  Speakerphone: The speaker on this phone is of a real good quality. Of course the quality also depends on the signal strength.3.  External Display: Well light for digital time display, signal strength, battery life and bluetooth indicator. How much more can we ask of an external display?4.  Keypad: Well organized, decent color schemes, ergonomically designed and everything in its place. Some people whine about the T-Mobile logo but its no bother for me.5.  Software: I have always liked the software on motorola phones. Good amount of choice in ringtones, wallpapers, screensavers with download options too. The networking and connectivity is great and office tools (calendar, calculator etc.) live upto expectations. The only flaw in the phone book (as one reviewer pointed out) is the lack of categories (home, work, mobile etc.)CONS:------1. Dimensions: It is a bulky phone which requires a belt clip if you want to save yourself the embarassment of a bulb shaped pocket. If you don't want to wear a clip I'd suggest the RAZR for a few $$$ more.2.  Weight: It is certainly one of the heavier phones in the market. So if you are moving from a lighter instrument you might want to consider this issue.3.  Display: The display screen has the magical powers of going black when the display light goes out (default is 20sec but I had to set it to 60sec to work with bluetooth). Ofcourse by pressing any key it will get back on.4.  Antenna: Considering the fact that this phone is heavy and bulky the MOT guys could have shown some mercy on the size of the antenna. It could have been more like the antenna you would find on a T722i.5.  Camera: It's not the best resolution but would work if you are not looking to make a photography career by using the camera on this phone.I have been researching cell phones for 2 months now. If you are looking for a decent flip-camera phone which won't cost you very much but has the latest features (bluetooth, speakerphone) for a 1 yr contract ... go for the V330.

Note:  this review is for the V300, which is the predecessor for the V330.If you're looking for a phone that checks all of the boxes in a feature comparison grid, then look no further.  This phone does just about anything you could want it to do, which is the reason I bought it.  The problem is that it doesn't do any of those things particularly well.  One glaring example is the speakerphone:  it's a very nice feature to have, but you can't use it to dial a number or answer a call.  Your call has to be connected for a few seconds before the speakerphone can be used, which makes it pretty worthless if you intend for it to be a hands-free device.Functionally, I haven't had too many problems making the phone do what I want it to do, but the user interface can be counter-intuitive at times, and I've had several scenarios arise that make it clear that this phone underwent little to no usability testing.  For example, if you miss a call or receive a message while you're on the phone with someone else, the soft-key functions change.  That makes the phone behave unexpectedly if you're not looking at the screen, like the other day when, instead of turning on the speakerphone, the phone put my wife on hold and called my voicemail.Perhaps my biggest gripe about this phone is the charger design.  The connector for the charger is a small, delicate piece of plastic with multiple pins that have to make contact before it will work.  It's extremely susceptible to damage, and any debris whatsoever (such as dust, dirt, or hair) will disrupt the connection enough to prevent it from charging.  Why they won't use a simple pin connector (like Nokia, Sony/Errickson, Kyocera, Samsung, and others) is beyond me.All-in-all, this phone has too many issues for me to recommend it to anyone but the most patient of users.  Trying to get it to charge can be a maddening experience, and after a year of use, the user interface still baffles me from time to time.  I still can't decide if I'm going to use my "Customer-since-1998" status to get a new phone, or if I'm just going to dig my old Nokia 3390 out of the closet, but I do know that either choice will be better than continuing to use this phone.

I've had phones with three companies now, and the two phones that I've owned from Motorola (V300 & V330) have been pretty poor experiences.  With the upgraded technology, I figured any bugs from the 300 would have faded away, but instead, I've found those bugs plus a couple of others.Someone mentioned charging problems.  This is definitely the case.  I have to sit there and fiddle with the phone for five minutes just to get it to charge.  I'll get "Unable to Charge" over and over and finally I'll hit that sweet spot.  It is at that point when I must set the phone down very softly so as not to disrupt the fragile nature of the phone.The other problem I've had has been the bars disappearing.  I'll be walking to my car and all of the sudden they'll just evaporate.  I won't have a clue what happened.  I'm not in a dead zone because I've talked to someone in the exact same spot before.I haven't been extremely happy with the phone.

I have been a T-mobile customer since 2001 and up until recently I used the well out-dated nokia 3390 phone. The phone had limited features but great reception and vocal quality was always clear. Once in a while i had a few dropped calls but it was nothing to pull your hair out about.Recently, I switched to the Motorola V330 expecting an upgrade in quality as well as features. This Motorola phone is complete garbage.  While the camera is fun to play with, the perks end there. The menus are convoluted and the button response is sluggish at best. The phone drops probably every third or fourth call, and my 2001 model nokia got better reception.  The worst part of this phone is when you try and place a call, sometimes it will freeze  while dialing the number leaving the "dialing person x" screen up on the display. At this point, you cannot do anything besides turn the phone off and turn it back on again. Also, it successfully sends text messages 40 to 50 percent of the time. The rest of the time, I recieve an error saying that it was unable to send.I do not know if the phone that I recieved was a refurbished model or anything like that (t-mobile is known to do that) but I am currently trying to recieve another phone to see if it will work better. Bottom line, stay away from T-mobile. My friends use VERIZON which has more DEPENDABLE SERVICE and BETTER HARDWARE for the same price.

Important: Ignore all reviews that mention anything like "I have owned this phone since January", "I bought this phone a year ago and...", etc. All of these users are reviewing the older version of this phone, the v300, which had many less features and much more problems.If you are looking to get service with T-Mobile, this phone is by far the best available. It is Quadband, which means that you will get the best coverage here and abroad. Many T-Mobile phones do not support the 850mhz band, which has become increasingly important to T-Mobile customers in the past year. Although none of T-Mobile's native network uses 850mhz, T-Mobile has recently made many roaming agreements in areas of Northern Wisconsin, Minnesota, Mississippi, Alabama, Texas, and more. This feature will only become more important. Currently, the only T-Mobile phones that support this band are listed at this website: [...] . T-Mobile has only announced these new roaming agreements in the Minneapolis area, but do note that they are elsewhere too. You can view T-Mobile's coverage map and the huge areas that are now covered via 850mhz roaming at [...] .Currently, Amazon is also selling the Nokia 3220 and Motorola v188, which also allow roaming in these areas.Compared to the v300, the v330 also adds EDGE for faster data speeds, video recording, bluetooth for wireless headsets and wireless syncing with your computer, *improved reception quality on all bands*,  and an improved keypad design.Update: Almost all new T-Mobile phones support 850mhz, so there is no reason to only consider this phone. (However this is still a good phone and has all of the same features as the razr but for a lower price)The only T-Mobile phones sold through Amazon that DON'T support 850mhz roaming are the p735 and Sidekick 2.

Purchased the v330 from T-Mobile two weeks ago. Note I have not tried the bluetooth technology yet.Pros:- Great sound on both ends, even while traveling- Never have had a call dropped. Strong signal while traveling in SE Ohio- Easy to use- Small for the amount of features- ITap text works great- Good customer service- Voice dialing works! (But you can only voice dial numbers stored in the phone memory, not the SIMM card)Cons:- Does NOT come with USB cable and software to download pictures/video from phone to computer. About $50.00 to buy cable/sftwre from T-Mobile- The Call/End buttons are reversed from the every other phone- Speaker phone does not sound good at all- I carry the phone in my pocket. The button to change the ring styles is on the side of the phone. My pocket lining has changed the ring style a few times without me knowing it- At the time of this review, T-Mobile does not support any games downloads for the v330- Poor documentation on how to use ITap for messaging- Comes with AOL IM instead of Yahoo! IM, although Yahoo! IM can probably be installed- Message inbox memory limited to about 30 messagesUpdate: 14FEB06 - I have had to have the phone replaced because it would not maintain a strong signal and kept dropping calls.  It took about a week of calling customer service to get them to replace the phone, and then they made me return to the dealer to have the problem verified.  That is when I found out phones replaced under warranty may be refurbished.  In addition T-Mobile charged me to ship a replacement phone covered by warranty.  I talked to a few friends who have had their phones replaced with other service providers, and they were not charged shipping.On the bright side, games are now available.

I've enjoyed my 330!  It has performed as I have expected it to - equal to or better than ANY cellphone my friends, family or I have had (Moto, Nokia, Samsung).  It could be improved upon (not many couldn't), but it's been just what I wanted: speakerphone, good & clear voice quality, good screen color & legibility, good (not great, but good) software - and sturdy, too! Throw in the adequate camera and bluetooth, and after 8 months, my 330 & I are doin' just fine....

I had the V300 and it had decent features but had software bugs and the charger was the worst I have ever seen.  And the V330 did not improve on them at all.  This phone is horrible!!  Reboots constantly and you still gotta mess with the charger for an hour to get it to charge.  I doubt I will ever buy a Motorola product again.  STAY AWAY FROM THE V330!!

v330 sucks, every now and then the phone gets disconnected, poor voice quality, bad signal strength inside the house....I am returning it within the three day of purchase s I am totally pissed of with it.

Not only does the address boook force you to enter multiple numbers for one person as separate entries, the coverage of T-Mobile is spotty at best.  In addition, since I am unhappy with the coverage, I tried to cancel w/in my 2 week window- only to learn, that since Amazon.com activated the phone 2 weeks before I even started using the phone, that my 2 week grace periood was over before I even turned on my phone.  Now I must fork up the cancellation fee as well as eat the cost of the phone.  I am extremely unhappy with T-Mobile for not making an exception. [...] it is automatically activated for you.

I've had this for almost a year now and its not upto the expected quality.Its very slow in retrieving numbers from the memory and things like that when compared to Nokia which is much faster. Also not very user friendly.The pictures are not very sharp or good enough and I had to buy a digital camera after I bought this phone.Overall, not very pleased as there are better phones in the market.

I've had this phone for awhile now and I must say that, I am quite pleased and happy about it.  The battery life is great and the ringtone/MP3 tones, sounds amazing.  The keypad is also very comfortable to use.  It may be a teeny bit big, but overall.. Motorola V330 is a great phone.  Bah, the speaker also works well!

The battery life is poor and it takes 6 hours to charge this monster.  The phone quality is a bit flimsy especially for motorola; so don't drop it or buy a really good case.  Outside of that the phone works and the camera is o.k.  If I had the choice again I would go with a nokia phone.

This is a very nice phone.  Much nicer than my Razr V3 that I returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise... if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls (yes, this only happens when answering... NOT when making an outside call).  I like the color (and toying with changing the face plates) and the functionality with great battery life.  Its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go.  It is clear and works.  It is not super fancy, though it has a lot of fuctionality.  I am a bit disappointed that T-Mobile and Motorola don't have more choices right now, as I would have been happy to buy them.  Anyway, if you want a good phone with Bluetooth (BT), then this is a very good one.

I dropped this phone from my 2nd floor apartment, it hit the concrete on my balcony, and then it fell onto the concrete sidewalk 15 ft. below and still worked! Nuff said

I have used V300 (not v330, but I assume they are in the same line) for over a year. At first I really disliked this phone. The reception is slightly better than my previous nokia, but still missed a lot of calls especially in buildings. The camera is a lamb, and the menu is not as clear as Nokia's. One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side. Whenever you happen to touch it, the phone will let you change the ring tone mode with another side button. Since I carry the phone in my jeans, the ring mode is always accidentally changed to vibrate or even silent.But my impression to this phone began to turn to the bright side after I mindlessly carried this phone in my swimsuit and jumped into the Michigan lake. Of course, the phone refused to work right out of the water. But after I dried the phone with a electronic fan for two afternoons, the phone come back alive like a miracle! If you are a careless person like me, you may found this feature very useful since you could put the phone into the washer or something.Basically, that's why I give it a four star. Without the story above, I would have given it a one star.

Well other than the phone randomly turning off all the time with the battery being full I guess you could say it was a good phone.I have had two different motorola v330's and they have both had this problem from the day I got them.It turns off suddenly when your not  using the phone, it does it when your on calls and even when your sending text messages. When it turns off it lasts for about 10 to 20 seconds and as random as it turns off by it self it turns  back on also so if this wouldn't bother you I would say this is the phone for you

This is the worst phone ever made.  It's side buttons are unlockable.  You can't set the ring style without making a sound.  It is hard to charge.  And it breaks.  The backlight on my first one broke, so I couldn't see the screen.  When I got the warranty replacement, it worked fine for a while until the ear speaker started cutting out.  I am still stuck with this phone until I can get a new one (which will not be a Motorola), but until then I have to deal with not being able to hear people.  It is so embarrasing to answer the phone and have to say,  "Hello?  Hello?  ...  Hello?" and wiggle it around until I can hear them.

I ordered my phone on June 14,2005. Note said ships within 2-3 days. Its July 13,2005 and I just received the phone! I never received an email from Amazon customer service for the delay. If your in a rush for this phone call Amazon customer service to verify that it will ship in the "2-3 day" stated on the screen.
