
purchased the phone about 3 months, like the nice QVGA screen, and impressed with excellent cam (it works pretty well in macro mode and outdoors)the phone has good reception, at least on par with W810voice call is OK, but as other users stated, the level is kinda low (esp speakerphone), firmware upgrade (R1KC001) will helpthe operation is standard SE style, if you are familiar, you'll be OK without reading manualthe audio player can play streaming 3gp and realaudio (still used by BBC), and it works well with T-Mobile internet; it can play local mp3 (VBR supported), wma, asf audio (rename the extension to .wma), realaudio; but I wish it supports ogg vorbis, which is the audio format I usebluetooth works pretty well, it works with ALL bt equipment I have (including wireless headphones)logitech headphones users please read: in order to make the headphones works properly, you need to go to bt menu, and connect from thereweb browser can handle regular html sites as well as simplified html, and wap sitesthe phone is kinda bulky, and a bulge on cam cover, but it's pretty comfortable and firm to hold, making messaging is a good pleasurethough the phone has lot of functions/features are pretty appealing, it lacks something it's supposed to have:quad-band, this is not acceptable for this price, even many lower models have quad-band (K550, W610, W580, W810, Z710, W710)music player should have more file format support: ogg vorbis, streamimg wma/asf, shoutcastm2 memory card, though the phone has possibility to support up to 32GB, PSP card is a lot cheaperpro:QVGA screen, and it shows clock when the phone is idlewireless headphones support3mpx cam with auto-focus and xenon flashcomfortable and firm to holdcon:low earpiece and speakerphone level (though firmware upgrade will fix)tri-bandcam cover bulgeconclusion: if you want a phone with excellent screen and cam, go for it, however, if you travel a lot, settle with quad-band models (they're cheaper)

yo0o0o wassup~ this phone is tight.. i mean, it's really well designed and has many functions in an attempt to be a "all in one" product. well, i believe sony ericsson delivered because it saves me the trouble of carrying any other devices to accommodate my needs ~ i recently purchased a 2gig M2 memory card and it's tight work, i'm satisfied. this phone is all i carry when i'm out in the real world.

this phone has all the feature that i wanted. The camera takes really good picture.  Better than all the phone i've seen so far.  The xenon flash really helps taking night pictures.  I use to own the w800i and this one takes way better pictures.  It has auto-focus and other several fucntion that i haven't used yet.  The mp3 player is also very useful.  I love how u can just drag and drop mp3 files to the phone.  It also very easy to navigate through the phone functions.  My computer had no problem recognizing the phone once the drivers were loaded.  it's just like plugging in a flash drive.  The screen is very bright and clear.  The screen resolution is decent.  It's very easy to customize also.  I dl program online to customize the theme.  The battery lasted a lot longer than i expected. Usually last around 3-4 days.The only complains i have about this phone is the headphones.  Walkman series have way better headphones so when you get this make sure to buy new headphones and adapter.  Another complain is the expensive memory stick micros.  I couldn't use the memory from my w800i phone. and i wish they use the sd micros which are cheaper and more widely used.

The SE K790a is by far the best cell phone I've ever owned.Pros:Outstanding LCD (even in direct sunlight)3.2 MP Camera with REAL FlashQuick OperationRSS ReaderMP3 & 3GP PlayerCons:It isn't quadbndI highly recommend this phone to anybody that doesn't need a smartphone. The thing I love most about this phone is that it does a very good job of combining a mobile phone, a digital camera, and a media player into one unit.

I just bought it from amazon, the mobile itslef starts to amaze you since you see the box the first time. It cames with a complete set of accesories: wriststrap, handsfree, memorystick adapter, 64 mb memory stick, charger and USB cable. It comes with its pc suite, very easy and helpful. It charges when you connect it via USB, so you will never get trouble with that, so you can stay online as long as you wish (and can pay). Everytime you connect it it let you choose the type of connection either modem or memory stick.The camera!Oh what can I say?? ITS AMAZING the picture quality its excellent in 3mp mode, the flash literally blinds you and with the PhotoDj option you can make it as brighter or darker as you want.Obviously theres a lot more and the internet is the fastest i've seen for mobile phones. Trust me, the integrated browser makes you and addict, you search anything anytime on the browser.Well in a few words cause I know its pretty exhausting read all this, I can say, buy it, if you need a digi cam portable that let you make phone calls, just go for it! THANK GOD FOR SONYERICSSON!

What can I say, this phone rocks!  The 2" screen is crisp and clear even in broad daylight. I have also purchased a 1gb M2 chip just to use it as a stand alone mp3 player. Superb quality sound I must say, only thing missing is the megabass feature that's integrated in the "w" series. Other than that it's basically the same. I have tested the music playtime through the included earbuds and have gotten it to run a bit over 12 hours nonstop. Pretty good if you ask me.Now the real sweet thing about this phone is the almighty 3mp camera. It works and operates just like a real Sony Cybershot digital camera. Fast point and click with very little shutter time makes taking pictures easy and fun. I had an LG p7200 2mp camera phone before and the k790/k800i certainly blows it away by far. Whats better is that this camera phone has a built-in REAL XENON flash. It's amazing people always ask "is that a camera or a phone?" I just tell them that its a camera with a built-in phone.Bottom line, this is the best phone for the money. Especially if your going to take alot of pictures. Stereo bluetooth headsets should make listening to music pain free. Can't go wrong. Good job Sony!

I can't believe the amout of positive reviews this POS phone has recieved.  Yes it takes good pictres yes it lets you surf the web, has a bunch of other neet features too,  but trying doing any of that  with the default sleep timer of 15 seconds, it is beyond infuriating!  The phone has about 20 totally USELESS profiles to choose from but there is NO option to extend the sleep timer beyond 15 seconds.  Its like building a porsche wtih a tank that only holds 2 gallons, WTF sony?  Try setting your computers screen saver to 15 seconds and then pausing to ask someone for information or trying to get people into a photo.. or trying to read a webpage.... I have contacted sony about this problem and they informed me that no fix is being developed for this issue,  450 bucks down the drain...

So far this has been the best phone i have ever owned.  I've owned had before the k750i and it was good as well.  Now I no longer have to carry a separate camera cause of the quality of the 3.2MP camera built in.  Calls are loud and clear, the screen is very impressive.  The set of features in this phone are outstanding and the bass, surprisingly, while speaker is on is eye opening.Only complaints are that the shutter has a tendency to open by itself while in my pocket, lack of inventory for the 1gb memory card, and some of the buttons are too close together, then again I am big person.I would by this phone again 10 times over and I can't wait to see what else sony ericsson while put out next.

I've had this for about a week. It replaced a Nokia 6682 Smartphone that I'd had for about 6 months.  Overall, I think this a nice phone with a great tiny camera.Keys/Physical Feel - It fits nicely in the hand and is quite small.  I'm not that happy with the keys. The joystick seems to be overly sensitive, and I have trouble hitting the right keys while text messaging.User Interface - It has a relatively snappy feel to it. Sometimes the main menu takes just a second to load up, but maybe this is the keys being unresponsive. It has the normal SE interface -- which is probably an industry-best for non-smartphone phones.Camera - It's pretty great! This is what I bought the phone for -- so it would allow me to have a decent camera with me at all times. The lens cover is a little flimsy but infinitely better than nothing at all. The camera is not that responsive, but the pictures turn out great.Phonebook - Good! Has tons of entries, is easy to use. I wish it would do full name searching, rather than starting with only the first name or the last name but I guess that is a smartphone-only feature for now.Connectivity - I'm bummed that OS X's iSync does not support this phone yet but I'm going to assume that it's just one update away since SE phones typically have very good iSync-compatibility.Sound - Good quality. I have not heard any complaints. One quirk that will take getting used to is that the charger and headphone use the same port, so if you want to talk and charge the phone you will need to daisy-chain them together. My third-party Cingular car charger lacks this daisy-chain functionality.

The phone features of this unit are good though the volume is not quite as loud as I'd like (my Nokia is much better).  Reception is excellent, bluetooth works pretty well.  The camera takes good pictures for a phone but it will never replace a decent point and shoot digital camera with 3.2MP or above.  The clarity of the display is really excellent and above average. The MP3 player is definitely well above average in sound quality.  This phone does so many things so well that it almost gets a rating of 5.My main gripes are with some really important things.  The keyboard's feel is poor with the keys too close together.  The joystick works great when new but degrades if used for more than basic functions, like playing the provided games.  The camera lens cover and buldge is not great but never really bothered me that much.  Really the joystick is a feature I'll never have in another phone because it's just not durable and D-pads work just as well.I now use a T-Mobile Dash and it excels at many things the k790a stumbles on but does not offer the same level of sound quality nor close to as good a camera.  It is more useful for work, surfing the web and dealing with email and really makes the k790a look like more of a toy (but a great one) in comparison.  The k790a will be for sale soon.

I like the quality of the pics, but the only thing that I would change is the lens cover, it slides too easy, sometimes I find it open inside my pocket and the camera is running.

Excellent phone with lots of features.  Surprised at how good the radio reception is.  Negatives include:  Camera cover opens too easy, battery cover does not open easy enough, and photos are just OK.  Purchased a hard case custom for this phone and that alleviated incidental opening of the camera cover.  Although the camera specs indicate 3.2 megapixels, I was disappointed in the quality of photos.  Photos taken from the camera look better on the camera than on a computer; a little noisy/pixelated.

I have owned this phone for over a month now.I have also owned SonyEricsson W800i, T610, several NokiaPROS:-Bluetooth, MP3's, REAL Internet, Java, Camera, Streaming Video, RSS Feeds, Screen, Overall Styling, Large Selection of Accessories compatible with other SonyEricssons-EXCELLENT camara, even for only 3.2MP. Similar camera features to Sony CyberShot Products, including BestShot, which is AWESOME!!!-Built-in flash, which is not as bright as stand-alone Digital Camera, however VERY useful-EXCELLENT battery life considering features. Held charge just as good as my W800i with less features.-Small, fits in ANY pocket decent-Screen Resolution is rather high, and the pixels are closer together to produce crisper images and refresh rates than other phones. This is something MOTOROLA has been horrible at, including the RAZR and SLVR-Display has EXCELLENT color compared to any product I've owned, and has glare-resistance in direct sunlight!  Also has good viewing angle.-Joystick makes navigation fast and easy for internet, games, and phone operation-Durable for being so advanced-MemoryStick Micro is cheap, and compatible in many other of my Sony products (with its included adapter)-EXCELLENT call quality-SUPERB reception, unlike old SonyEricssons.  This has as good of reception as any cell phone!-External speaker has good quality, and louder than previous models-MP3's play back with acceptional bitrate, and sound great on large sound systems-Faster processor than predecessors for faster applications (including Internet) and better animated menus and icons-Faster processor ensures that functions are fast, including saving pictures to memory, which is faster than some standalone digital camaras-Faster processor helps speed up reviewing items in memory, looking & listening to music and pictures. Many other menufacturers have problems here, including MOTOROLA-Trend-setting. Not many Americans use these phones -- UNIQUE.-Phone received good radiation rating, better than most other manufacturers, even with excellent reception-EASY TO SETUP WITH ANY NUMBER OF PROVIDERS.  Simply go to SonyEricsson's website, select your phone, select your network, and have your settings sent to the phone!  E-mail, Web, Voicemail, Text Messaging: took me less than 5 minutes to set up, and I didn't need to contact my provider (T-Mobile) or manually enter settings!!!CONS:-Like most SonyEricssons, volume is too low during phone calls.-Camera video is low resolution.  Very dissappointing.-Didn't come with external cord for listening to music like my W800i.-Only two color selections.  I liked the Orange of my W800i.EXCELLENT OVERALL VALUE IF YOU WANT:-Phone with awesome reception & features, conference calling, etc.-MP3 player that sounds great-Camara that can be used anywhere, quickly, with a flash-Internet, Video Streams, RSS on the fly-High-speed Internet to your Laptop-UNIQUE.

I've owned the k790a for about 2 weeks now and so far it's worth every penny.  The picture quality is out standing for a camera phone.  There are some really cool features when using the camera such as a function called BESTPIC which takes 9 pictures in less than a second.  I used this feature at the golf course one day to analyze my golf swing frame by frame and when I got the timing of the shutter right i ended up with some outstanding frames.  i thought that the golf club would be just a blury line in the pictures but to my surprise the pictures were flawless you could see the club as if i stoped my swing just before during and after i hit the ball.  ANYONE WHO ALREADY OWNS THIS PHONE I SUGGEST YOU TRY DOING WHAT I JUST EXPLAINED.(really cool stuff)Another cool feature with the camera phone is panaramic mode where you take 3 pictures side by side to make one long or panaramic picture.  When i first used PANORAMA mode i was blown away.  Just that one feature alone made me very excited about this phone.  Picture Blog is a nice feature also. I enjoy creating my own ring tones with the music MUSIC DJ.  The radio freature is good it has quality radio sound.  The MP3 player is nice whether you play it on the speaker or through the headset that is included with the phone (headset doubles as a hands free talk set also) phone includes a 64MB memory stick which is sufficient enough to get started.  VIEDO DJ feature is a really fun tool.  You can get really creative with your videos, music, and pictures.MINI GOLF is fun to play when killing time.  But why play golf when you can create your own video with VIDEO DJ.  The only bad thing i discovered in my short time with this phone is that the speaker phone could be louder just a miner downfall that definetly should not deter you from buying this phone.  All in all this is the BEST PHONE KNOWN TO MANKIND.( Wait i take that back because in japan they have cell phones that have wide-screen and recieves high definition tv.) That will probably be the next phone i get.  Coming to the United States in 2010.

I used to own the W800i (Walkman) phone. I loved everything about it, but the K790 / K800i phone is EVEN better:1. bigger and brighter screen size and higher resolution. As a result, the phone is slightly larger than the w800i but the benefits outweighs the size increase. The icons are bigger and clearer. Font size is increased so it's much easier to read text messages. You can now surf the web (not just mobile web pages.) Being able to display the photos on a larger screen is great.2. I LOVE the RSS reader. With a click of a button, the phone updates the latest news from BBC and Google news and SONY news and updates. I just skim through the head lines which are linked to fuller articles on the websites. This is great for me who commutes on the train every morning. Great time killer standing up or sitting on the train.3. Walkman is still great. It's not as buggy as W800i. But there is no more MegaBass. It still sounds great. Unfortunately, the phone does not come with memory card. I had to buy one M2 (Memory Stick MICRO) which I had to wait about a month to get since it's really new and not many stores have them in stock. So if you want to fill up the phone with songs, built-in 64MB will not be enough.4. The camera quality is excellent (for phone camera, that is). I am very particular about digital cameras and picture quality. I find that this camera is overall not as good as a basic, stand-alone, cheap 3 Mpix cameras that are cheaper. HOWEVER, it good lighting condition, it takes great picutres. There is definitely more noticible purple fringe and digital noise than a dedicated digital camera. In low-light condition, even with the super bright flash light, the picture quality is sub-par. There is too much noise. The metering on the camera is so-so. If there is a strong lighting constrast between your subject and the background (such as bright windows), I find the camera has a hard time balancing the light--making the subject too dark. The ability to have a portable camera with me at all time, out weighs all the imperfections I get from it. As a graphic designer, it's important to have access to a camera at all time to grab images for design inspirations.5. I am curious to start the photo Blog--a built-in feature in the phone.6. Games look great on this camera. 3D games like MiniGolf and Tennis which came with the phone are amazing.7. Built-in ring tones and background screen/wall paper sound and look SO much better.8. Email function works great. I have a dot.mac account and can view and send emails without problems. Right now, the phone does not support flash player so I can't view any .fla files. I don't really care but sometimes websites do require that flash player is installed.This phone has amazed me and impressed me beyond my expectations. I hope more of my friends have it so that I can try to video phone function!

I got this phone via my local service provider as the K790a in silver..... excellent phone, INCREDIBLE camera for a cellphone, great display......My only complain is the speakerphone which is lower than my old Sanyo 8300. It works ok, but in loud rooms or if the phone is not close the sound gets lost. Only reason i gave it 4 stars.I'm completely satisfied with the buy, it definetly is an absolutely great phone......

This phone is probably great however I never got it so I don't know. I ordered it through Amazon over a month ago. Why do they still claim that it will ship in 2 weeks?

Why people still asking for features from a phone that was made with certain objective, like a Bigger video resolution, this is a CAAAMERAAA phone, to make it more clear the bottom of the screen says CYBERSHOT, CYYYYBERSHOOOT.

I will buy another Sony Ericsson phone/camera in the future.  Both work very well.  I really like the blue tooth feature.

Pros:- best pictures yet (3.2 mega pixels) on a cell phone that I have used- built in flash (rare for cell cameras)- cover over lens on camera- good music player- expandable memory with Sony M2 flash memory- fm radio- bluetooth works great- screen has great size and wonderful resolution- EDGE device makes internet data fairly quick and usable as PC modem (via bluetooth)Cons:- keys are small and difficult to press- camera lens cover needs a lock switch (mine opens just walking around and takes pictures of the lint in my pocket) - very annoying- sleep timer is a bit quick and should be adjustable- I shouldn't expect it thinner since it is the size of a very small digital camera but I'd still like it slimmer.P

An excellent phone but like other Sony Ericsson models of late, there is a defect in the charging connector on the body of the phone. Within two months of use this prevents adequate charging.  The warrenty solution offered by Sony Ericsson is a return of the phone to them for inspection and repair.  This is accomplished in the relative short time of 14 days.  In the meantime you must furnish your own replacement phone.

This is the best phone I have ever owned.  It does every thing you can listen to music, take quality pictures, video, it syncs up nicely with mac's and can be used as a mass storage device.  The phone does it all.THE GOODSyncs with my intel based mac nicelyHas amazing screen ease of useTakes great pictures for it being a phoneYou can create your own ring tones which will save you money every monthTHE BADThe camera feels like a real digi cam which is good the only draw back is their is no force flash only auto and red eye which is anoying in a back lit situation.The phone could be slimer but it still feels good in the hand and when you way the fact that you don't need your digi cam everywhere you go now it actually saves room.Overall it is an amazing phone great job sony four and a half stars.

This phone rocks!Screen is brilliant & bright and the camera is the best on the market for a cell phone cam.Only complaint is that, since I use T-mobile pre-paid service, I can't use like 50% of the phones capabilities such as photo blogging and downloading new ring tones.  Maybe later on I might switch back to regular monthly service.Oh, and you may want to get a case for the phone.  The camera lens sometimes flips open while in my pocket.

You all remember the StarTek; back in the late 90s it was THE flip phone.  Since then no flip phone has ever been the same; I can't flip any of them with one hand with a flicking motion without thinking they'll fly against the wall.Since then, I have only gotten bar phones.  This one is the best I've used, of any type of phone.  Firstly, I love how Sony Ericcson's handle phonebooks; I don't know why but I like it.  When Motorolas read my sim card they screw it up and don't read each contact's numbers as a group, they give each number an individual entry.  I also think SEs have the sexiest fonts and graphics.The thing I like best about this phone is definately the fact that I can hook it up to my computer (it comes with a usb cable, separate from the charging cable, and a 50some MB memory card for starters; it can hold a lot though obviously it's not a portable hard drive but you can buy up to 2 GB so far, higher when you can buy the recently announced 4 GB card) and transfer images, videos, mp3s, and other files to/from the phone.  That means I can make custom backgrounds, ringtones, alerts (video, image, or audial) on my computer and then put them on my phone without being charged for sending over the cell networks.  Also, it has bluetooth and infrared, though I don't have any other devices that use these communication protocols.The real highlight of the phone, besides the fact that it doesn't drop calls ever, is the camera.  3 Megapixels is about the best you can get without buying from Asia and the quality is great.  It's true, at night in large spaces where the light can't reflect back, some residuals show up as artifacts (discolorations) but not enough to detract from all the rest of the features.  I feel like my phone's camera has more features than a real digital camera costing $600+.  I'm gonna turn it on and try to cover them all:There is a 'frame' feature which puts preset cartoony drawings on the screen and then you take a picture that will show up behind it (like an astronaut suit.... so any picture you take will have an astronaut suit overlayed on top of it; it's a good gimmick for kids).  There is a panoramic feature: you take 3 pictures from left to right and the camera will merge them for you.  There is a feature called 'best pic' which is for drunk or motion pictures: the camera takes 9 pictures very quickly and you can check through all of them to see which ones you want to save.  There are also tons of lighting, stability, and other options that I don't use because I trust the automatic settings (they have worked great so far).  My favorite options are the effects: color, black and white, negative, orangey (like old-fashioned photos), and overexposed (like a painting).  You can take videos in any one of these modes.  The video of my girlfriend dancing naked around a pole with black stalkings and heels is the best video i've ever seen; it was taken in negative mode and her stalkings are white, her skin is blue, her hair is white, and so is her private area... it looks like the gates of heaven.After you take photos/videos, you can also edit them.  You can zoom in/out and resave the picture, rotate it, add even more effects, overlay text, combine effects, you can trim videos.  The only downside is, when I converted movie files from my computer to 3gp format and put them on my phone, I couldn't edit them in the on-phone video editor because they were too long.  I can do that on my computer though; I was just too impatient.Also, the screen is large and quality; my friend asked me if this is high def. and I regularly jerk it to porn that I'm viewing on the phone.  There is plenty of free software available from sony that you can download to the phone (some of which allows you to change the colors of menus, fonts, etc).  Other features I like: mp3 player, fm radio player, tons of accessories you can buy.  I have owned the phone for a month and a half, have been playing with it constantly, and I am still finding new features.People also like my phone; when I tell them it is so new that Cingular didn't know it existed when I called to verify that it'd work on their network (it does even though they said it wouldn't) and that the only place that sells it is amazon.com, I wonder if they are impressed.  I think they are; I am.It sucks to have to pay $370 for a new phone but, screw it, when they release an even cooler phone that Cingular knows about, I will get that and sign up for the 2 year agreement.I'd bet that anyone who has the insight to buy this phone won't be disappointed.

This is a great phone overall, it's downfall is the video quality, or lack thereof. The still pictures are very good for a camera phone, but the video is that of a first gen phone, even in "high quality" mode.After about 2 months of ownership, my navigation stick has started messing up. Whenever I want to move "down", the stick thinks I pressed "in"...which is VERY frustrating when navigating any menu or website. It's sporadic, but is common enough to warrant repair.

...I've had this phone for only a short time now, but can say that it lives up to any of it's reviews that I have seen.  Sound quality is very good...Ring tone volume is quite adequate (from someone who is extremely hard of hearing)... Fit and feel is solid... screen resolution is fantastic.  With help from a friend, customized programing adapted this phone to fulfill all my communication and entertainment needs.The down side ????  For someone that has had multiple cellphones, operations were intuitive, which is fortunate since instructions and documentation were virtually "non-existant".  Also, the Sony Ericsson web site has an extensive help area. Any future revision of the model with the addition of 3G would make the perfect cellphone........

The K790a is currently the best "Cybershot" camera phone in Sony Ericsson's lineup (but more are on the way) and also hands-down the best camera phone in the U.S. today.  It's too bad that SE doesn't sell their 5MP and 6MP camera phones stateside.  But the K790a is very capable as a digital camera.  Sure, it's only 3MP, but like many professionals will tell you, pixel count is only one thing.  This 3MP camera-in-a-phone takes better-looking pictures than 5MP and 6MP cameras from Vivitar, Aptech (sp?), Samsung and other offbrand companies.  My main phone is a Sanyo M1 with 2MP and I thought it was pretty good for a camera phone, but when I got the K790a to use with my prepaid SIM card, I was simply blown away by the quality.  (Of course, I bought the phone exactly because I had heard of great things about its picture quality, but the results still far exceeded my high expectations.)  The camera is very easy to use.  I don't care for the MMS features because my prepaid service (Speak Out Wireless) doesn't support them.  I just download them to my PC using a USB card reader.  I wish there were optical zoom (more and more camera phones in Japan, including models from Casio, now have optical zoom) but the truth is of course that if you need serious picture-taking you still use a real digital camera.  But this comes real close to replacing your workhorse digicam.  I'll use this for a year and upgrade to SE's next gen next year, hopefully by then they'll have released optical zoom-equipped K phones.In summary, this is a great camera.  Oh, the phone functions are fine, too.  Reception is pretty good on the T-Mobile + Cingular networks (used by Speak Out Wireless).  Voice is clear and loud.  Really good.  5 stars.

Like many people, I was looking for a phone that played music, took great photos and had good organizational features.  I had previously purchased a W300i and was pleased with it.  The phone and MP3 player were great, but the camera and organizer were terrible.  I started looking at reviews of various phones and the Sony Ericsson K790A kept on appearing at the top of all the reviews.I purchased the phone from Amazon.com.  It arrived the next day, was in perfect condition and had all the pieces it was supposed to.  I thought the entire purchasing experience was great.The phone has exceeded my expectations.  The first thing you notice is the weight of the thing; it has a weight that you would associate with a high quality device.  The next thing you notice is the fit and finish; the phone has build quality higher than anything I have ever seen.  The phone actually looks better in person than in the pictures.  And this is just the beginning.The feature list of this phone is incredible but if they don't work well, then they just become gimmicks.  With the Sony Ericsson K790A, that is not the case.  The first thing you notice is the screen. I have never seen a screen as crisp and rich as this.The camera is great.  It won't replace a dedicated camera, but for taking quick snaps when about town, you can't beat it.  The images are easily printable to 4x6 with good results.The MP3 player is great, music is easily transferred to the phone, and you can create playlists right on the phone with ease.  Some people say they don't like the fact there is no Mega Bass like the Walkman phones, but I don't find this an issue. The audio quality is great.The organizer was a huge surprise.  You can sync your calender, contacts and task lists with outlook.  Reminders for tasks and calender appointments pop up, just like outlook.You also have the abiltiy creat shortcuts to various settings and features of the phone.  I am surprised how much I use this feature.This is easily the best phone I have ever owned, Period.

I have had it since October and it is clearly the best phone I have ever owned.  It has also replaced my camera, and I am now never without a camera.I attend a lot of concerts where cameras are almost always prohibited.  They don't give the phone a second glance, not realizing it's got the 3.2 megapixel capability.  I have got tons of fantastic shots from the last 4 shows.After throwing in a 1GB memory stick (I think it was $79?) it is now storing a half gig of my best music and the display says it will hold 300+ pics right now.The movie function rocks too, however you are going to want to be up very close to the subject.  The sound playback of the movies is fantastic though, so at least concert videos make for good listening.The phone works flawlessly with my PC.  If I throw it on the USB cable, it pops up instantly as another drive, just like the camera.  Just drag on/off the music and pics.  All pics are very nicely numbered and named.If I don't care about viewing the files and just want to move stuff on and off the phone, I don't even take it out of my pocket.  The bluetooth connection allows me to use their software to move things around.Also very cool was that it pops up on my computer as a Modem, which I actually was able to use immediately in my PC Anywhere program.In terms of being a phone, yeah it's great.  The contact list is easy to work with, the call clarity is no issue at all, good signal, no dropped calls, etc. etc. (this is all with Cingular).  Speaker phone works well.It needs charging about every 3rd day, charges very quickly.  Charges slower but with the USB plugged in it also charges.The only thing I can think to complain about is that when using the USB cable to charge, it only wants to charge it to 89%.  If I want 100% I have to throw it on the real charger for a few minutes.

Takes great photos, excellent color, great call quality, good battery life (unless there is a lot of picture editing), intuitive to use

Just recently bought this phone from a retail store in chicago.. i must say i am very satisfied.. i still have to call sony to figure out why its freezing sometimes, but other than that its great.. picture quality is excelent...the reason for the 4 stars is that the flash for the pictures is extremly bright and there is no setting to adjust the sensitivity of the flash.. bettery life is good no complaints with that.. screen is extremly clear, after all it is a lcd.. the strap that was included with the phone is great as well.. if you ever drop the phone you can get replacement parts from cnn.cnthanks,derick

---------------Pros---------------- Decent processor to process 3.2 Mpix images and smooth menu browsing.- Very nice 320x240 hi-resolution, crystal clear LCD works very well even under direct sunlight especially the standby digital clock, hardly able to see pixels compare to w800i, and w810i.- Very light weight just 115g (4.05 Oz).  Slightly heavier than w800i and Motorola V3.- Auto Focus.- Using Digital Image Processing to reduce photo noise does improve the picture quality compare to w800i and w810i.- 3.2 Mpix with various shooting effects and white balancing presets. I tried Twilight Portrait under low light condition for short range photos, I can say the quality can be compared to a real CyberShot Digi Cam.- Two shortcut bottons on the top of the phone near the speaker for browsing photos.- Xenon Flash can be Pros and Cons.  Effective range is 1 to 2 Meters.- Animated menu and customizable themes makes the phone more interesting- MP3 Ringtones- Multiple Recurrance Alarm schedule- FM radio can be set as Alarm.- Bluetooth 2.0 support A2DP (Advance Audio Distribution Profile) for Stereo Bluetooth Headphones- Able to backup phonebook into memory stick M2 and perfectly synchronizes calendar and contacts with OUTLOOK!!!!!!!!!!!- High Frame rate for 3D GAMES!!!  Although this phone does not have a 3D hardware accelerator, it does run 3D games such as Need for Speed Carbon, Virtual Tennis or other 3D games with high frame rates!  It is a lot faster than W800i and W810i!!!!- One button press for Speaker Phone- Able to turn ON/OFF Bluetooth and paring Bluetooth Devices such as adding Headsets during a call.- Multi-Tasking, supports up to 5 JAVA Applications, Music Player, Internet Browser, and other application simultaneously. (Once it reaches the 5 Java Applications, it does not allow user to open any more java programs and there might be stability issue)- Shortcut key to startup a "Task Manager" like menu for you to resume or end running applications.- File Manager works very well for copying, moving, and organizing data inside the phone.- If you have cell phone internet, make sure you go to Sony Ericsson Funs and Downloads to get all the useful applications, themes, ringtones and games.- NICE AC charger!  It comes with a Dual Connector which cascades the AC adaptor with the USB cable or headphone connector to charge your phone while you are using listening to music or connecting to PC.---------- CONS ---------------- Camera cover uses glossy material is easy to get finger prints and scratches. Also DO NOT PRESS ON THE COVER SO HARD when sliding!  It scratches the CAMERA LENS!!!!!!!!  BE CAREFUL!!!- Extremely low video recording resolution at 176x144!!!  Even a real cyber shot can do 640x480!  Nokia N73, N93, can do 640x480, samsung D900 and SHARP 902SH at 320x240.  Probably their microprocessor is not fast enough to handle hi-res video!- NO LED LIGHTS!!!  COME ON! LED is useful when I need to use it as a normal flash light or tourch in the dark!- Does not support stronger Xenon Flash accessories MXE-60 by Sony Ericsson.  I guarantee the MXE-60 is brighter than the K790A built in xenon flash!  The effective range is up to 4 Meters! Twice that of k790a!- Joystick seems to only support 4 directions (Up,down,left,right), the corners do not work, bad for games!- Xenon flash may be too strong to saturate the picture in white during close range.  It is also very weak for outdoor at night, since there is not enough light reflect back, the effective range is only 1 to 2 Meters (3-6 Feet).- You CANNOT manually turn ON the Flash, which is very useful when taking photo of a person with camera facing toward a bright background such as a sun or a bright sky.- Orange or infared LED for auto focusing does not work that well under extremely dark condition with ridge surface.- Primitive voice recognition system.  You must need to record the names and what kind of phone you are calling separately. Back in 2004, the samsung and motorola mpx220 also supports USER INDEPENDENT voice recognition system.  That means anyone can make a call regardless male or female, without training nor recording!- NetBrowser doesn't support xhtml web sites.  Cannot check Windows Live Mail. Recommend using OPERA MINI.  A lot faster and convenient!- No 900MHz- Crowded keypad, hard to press the number pad when they are at the very bottom of your hand and you are worrying about dropping the phone on the floor due to the center of mass leaning toward the camera cover. (Recommand using the given Sony Ericsson Handstrap)- Provided 64MB Memory Stick Micro is USELESS!- Impulsive noise between music tracks. Can be solved by using Bluetooth Headphone.- STEREO BLUETOOTH HEADPHONE does not support EQUALIZER SETTINGS- No Mega Bass, since Mega Bass is only in walkman branded phones, and usually muffles the music.  Customize the EQ for the best result.- Occasional crash when accessing the memory stick (May be mine is defected?)- Slow USB transfer speed.  Not even USB 2.0 as SE claimed---------- Suggestions & Recommendations ------------- get GOOGLE MAP, GMAIL and OPERA MINI.- Update the firmware via SONY ERICSSION UPDATE SERVICE.- Get a 1GB Memory Stick Micro, the given 64MB M2 is a piece of crap.- Delete some bundled applications or files can free up the phone memory from 64MB to 73MB.- Get a 99% transparent screen protector from EBAY or Online store. Not the soft ones, they easily get scratched.- Get a silicone case or clear casing for maximum protection.- Use glossy transparent tape to protect the "CYBERSHOT" lense cover from further scratches while maintaining it's original design.- Clean the dust clogged in the joystick, as the dust will eventually enter to the LCD screen in couple months even it is "sealed".

After I lost my K750i, I HAD to get another one. On googling, I discovered K790a (A stand for Americas i.e. Triband for America 850/1800/1900 MHz). (K790i INTERNATIONAL and K790c CHINA MAINLAND 900/1800/1900 MHz). I had to purchase walkman in-earphones to get the best multimedia experience. Amazing battery life and brilliant photos for this 3.2MP Cybershot. (Note, its little longer than K750i but its fun too). Its well build and even the rumored joystick problem never occured for me. In 2009/2010, you have better options but I still love this phone.

Exellent phone. Camera beats every phone on the market because of the cyber-shot technology. buy 1gig stick with it

This phone is whitout a doubt the best in class. I blows its competitors in its class out the box. The only downside is the proprietary M2 card, no quadband, and the lack of LED anyuse light. This is the best GSM/EDGE/GPRS device hands down.

I have owned this phone for two weeks, it is more than I expected and I can see why it is rated so high by Cnet. The reception is excellent, the camera is stand alone quality, text messaging is excellent, FM radio works perfectly, volume is very good with phone and included headset. I would have zero reservations about buying this phone again.

This phone is so cool.  It has an amazing camera; I take picture everyday, of tons of stuff and post it on my flickr or myspace page.  The pictures are great quality for the emails, internet sites, and memories.  Durable, I work in construction and unfortunately I have dropped this phone many times and it still works.  The screen is very hard glass because it still doesn't have a scratch on it.  The texting is fast and easy.  I can switch between English and Spanish w/ one button.  The mp3 player works great.  The phone calls are clear, you can hear yourself speak, and the Bluetooth is good.  I talk as much as I want and listen to the mp3 player all day and it doesn't die.  It has available tons of free applications for internet browsing, satellite maps, email, games.  The interface is easy, functional/logical.  I have owned Samsung, Motorola, and Nokia and the interface on this phone is the best.  Its way more clear than the other three, it gets better reception, it's more durable.  Definitely worth the money if you are someone that wants a really nice phone.

If your hobby is photography and you want to take any important event in your life, this is yor phone. I owned before this one, a Nokia 6020 and 6131 phones with VGA and 1.3 MP cameras respectively, but when compared, the SE 790a is the winner. It is really a little point and shoot camera with a phone atached. Specially for indoor/night pictures, the flash is top; even if you are in total darkness the AF work and you can use the flash in auto mode (not red eye reduction) and help it with a separetely slave flash unit for better lighting. Is good idea to order with the phone the car charger, so you will be always loaded, and the 512 MB memory card, because the phone only has a 64 aditional card plus the inside memory wich is not enough; both items has free shipping from Amazon. On the other side the standard headset could not be used at the same time with the charger, so if you plane to do this you will need the special headset for this purpose, and it is quite expensive. Another cons are the very low volume on the rear speaker: you could not hear a conversation and write a note. If you use the calendar option frecuently and you want the phone reminder you any event weekly, for example, it is a paine, because it did not have this function. You should copy the name of the event and change the date for every day you want it work, again and again....Something Sony Ericsson should do for improve, is to put some type of locking device, a button perharps, for the lens cover, so it will not slide in the wrong moment. Anyway compared with the Nokia N73 for example, wich is the closest competitor, the Sony Ericsson win, because has much better price. Vicente.

Good choice to buy a cell phone. The product has an axcellent sound ( mp3)and the didital camera is fantastic.

i just bought the phone, and thought everything was good.. the camera works well, except the zoom is awful and besides that everything works well tho

I bought an unlocked version of the K790a on April 27.  I like it very much but yesterday, June 20, it suddenly displayed the message "Insert SIM" when I was trying to make a call.  I turn it off, checked and cleaned the SIM card and battery contacts.  Then I tried to turn it on but the phone refused to do so.  A little red light in the infrared port flashes once or several times in every attempt to turn it on.I am not giving one star but two as a guy called Jairo of Sony Ericsson's technical support staff was very friendly and kind.  I will have to send the phone to Sony.  Pretty bad for such an expensive item.

I switched over to the Sony Product from Motorola. The difference is equal to night and day. The pictures that I have shot are stunning. The clarity is unequal to any cellular phone on the Market. I own it. I use it during my daily job. I will never leave home without it.If you are a photography buff. You are going to enjoy this high power camera. I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.

I almost bought this item, and found that its video resolutionis only 176 x 144 pixels. You are not buying this one just for"phone". For that purpose, there are so many "free" phones thatperforma better than this one. You buy this phone, because of"other" capabilities. One of those "other" capabilities, which is important,in these days is to be able to capture video in reasonable resolution.This is Web 2.0 era. UCC (User Created Contents) - YouTube, etc.If this Web 2.0, YouTube, etc. have nothing to do with you,this can be a good one. Still, I would buy a phone that has video camwith reasonable resolution, just in case to take some video clipwhen I have some emergency, such as traffic accident.If you are young, who should be in the wave of Web 2.0, you shouldabsolutely avoid this phone.Even 2-year old Samsung D600 can capture videos in320x240. I have no idea, why this new one from Sony which cantake 3.2M pictures can capture videos in only 176 x 144 pixels.Greatly disappointed.

Excellent phone, best in the market way better than the competition of 3.2 megapixel phones on the market today, nice picture quality, loaded with features and if you throw in a good size Memory stick micro (preferebly a 1GB) you got yourself the mightiest phone around for a very accessible price tag, don't hesitate, it's worth every penny on your credit card.

I fell in love with this phone the first time I saw it on the SonyEriccson website and decided I had to have it. I researched it for at least month and waited longer before I received it. I read so many reviews about certain parts of the phone that were amazing and other parts that were just okay. I never saw the phone in person so I was only able to dream about it, and let me tell you, I've had the best of the best phones. Well now I have the K790A and all I can say is that it is simply fabulous (and I don't use that "F" word very often!) Here's my take on a few features:- First off, the screen is brilliant! It is the most clear screen I have ever seen (on a cell or elsewhere). The graphics are so clear that they actually look like someone designed it on a computer, printed it out with the best printer available on the best paper, and inserted it behind the glass. You can't even see the pixels! I could go on, but enough about the screen (it's amazing).- One thing I was really concerned about after reading all of the reviews was how most people called it bulky. My favorite phone until now was a Motorola RAZR, so the bulky comments concerned me. Let me assure you that this phone is in not bulky whatsoever. There may be phones that are slimmer, but it does not deserve that nickname. I can barely feel it in my pocket, and while the sliding cover for the lens does stick out a bit further, it's not a problem for me in the least.- The built-in Cyber-Shot camera is one of the coolest features. When it's in camera mode it's hard to remember after a few seconds that you're on a phone. Sony Ericsson sure didn't skimp on the camera software. Everyone who sees it while I'm taking a photo says "How funny...I thought that was a phone!" and it's so great to be able to respond with "it is". From the back it looks like a camera, so I understand the confusion. I admit Indoor photos are something you have to tweak with and they're still not wonderful, but they work for a camera phone (I have yet to get any developed). On the other hand, the outdoor photos are a totally different story! They are MUCH better than I had anticipated. I don't think I'll sell my stand-alone digital camera just yet, but it's wonderful to have a good camera with me everywhere I go so that I don't miss out on those unexpected moments.- Now to the next cool feature. Let me explain that I'm a 100% techie, and this is something I must comment on. If you haven't seen Sony's new Memory Stick Micro, it's definitely something that will amaze you. It'about square, but it's the width of my pinky finger. If you're into stuff like that, you're going to drool over it.- One thing I will confirm after reading it multiple times in other reviews is the earpiece volume. It's not loud. If you're hard of hearing you may want to consider something else. It does include a stereo headset that you can use for calls also, but let me warn you that since it's stereo it's got two ear pieces, not one like most normal headsets.I really wish I could go on about more features and write a full review, but I realize no one probably wants to read quite so much. My bottom line opinion is that it's worth every single penny if technology and the "newest" stuff is your thing.[...]Thanks for reading!

I'm one of those funny people who like candy bar style phones. I don't like slider phones or flip phones - I like my phones to just be, not transform. This is a personal preference, I'm not claiming that one style of phone is better than another.I used a Sony Ericsson T616 for like... 5 years before the screen finally went kaput and I was forced to upgrade. I wasn't impressed by the flips and sliders that AT&T; had (my provider), and I didn't need something as fancy as a smart phone. I just wanted a candy bar phone with the capability to use MP3s as ring tones.My coworker (all three of us were still using our T616) came in after Christmas with this phone and I was shocked! It was everything I wanted in a phone. It's a liiiiittle bulky, but it does have a very good camera in it. It's very easy to navigate and easy to use, I like the UI. The brushed metal body is just as sturdy as my old T616.My only small complaint, which doesn't happen all the time, is the door that hides the camera lens gets slid down when it's in a bag or pocket, but it's just as easy to slide it shut. Oh, and another thing - the key command for locking the keys on the T616 was * and the left action button, and its reversed on the K790a.Good phone, if you like candy bar style phones or loved your old T616, you'll like this phone.

As you all know Apple Launched the new iPhone recently, which is an over priced phone for what you get. The iPhone has many features that others like the Sony Ericsson K790 has had for a while. I personally use the phone to schedule my meetings and sync them to my outlook so it's always up-to-date. The phone is overall very good for what you pay for. It has many features such as the calendar, radio and mp3 player, and one of the most powerful features that most phones have, Java Applications/Games, I bought a bluetooth GPS unit from Microsoft and it works awesome with "amAze" software ([...] You can also hook it up to the printer to print out you pictures without using your computer. (I have a Canon MP160 front USB port). Not to talk about the picture quality. Pictures actually come out as if they were taken by a real camera and not a phone... um well i mean camera-phone.In the end I totally recommend this phone if you are in the budget range.  It's a very useful compact tool that is pretty much a swiss army knife for your everyday activities like work, or sports, even for leasure.

Es el mejro celular q pude encontrar tar pasar 2 meses leyendo Reviews en mil paginas... 3.mp  un screen de colores hermosos , radio , videos, movies, mp3, bluettoth , memory card, buenos acesesorios incluidos,  Es el mejor celular del mercado

A whole new series of 3 megapixel phones are coming out now, so I can't say how this one compares to the others.  There is a new Samsung out that is about a half the size, but I don't know about the photoquality.  There are many factors that go into the quality of a photo, not just the megapixel count.  Other than the size and a few other things, I'm very satisfied with this phone/camera.  My overall goal was to be able to go out and about with only one electronics thing.  I dont want to carry my ipod, pda, camera, and phone everywhere.  This phone suffiently fulfills temporary and short-term outings.Here are the pros and cons.PROS:-Great screen, in terms of size and color-The phone/address book is very expandable, and can include unlimited phone numbers, addresses, and notes for each contact.  You can enter their address, birthday, whatever you want.  It syncs with Outlook, but I find that I only call regularly from my mobile phone a small portion of the people  from my outlook contacts.-Photos are very nice.  They are a bit smaller in file size than my old Sony 3.2 MP cybershot camera, but on the whole there is not much noticeable difference.  The daylight photos are great.  Low-light photos are very good for scenary, such as inside European churches, city streets, etc.  There is a very good image stabilizer, so the low-light photos are very good considering that my hands shake a lot.  Indoor people photos, however, are so-so.  This is true with any digital camera as a general rule.  But I've had problems with focusing (common) and sometimes i want to use the flash in the daytime (bright background, but person in shadow) and it doesnt always let me.  Still, it's convenient.-Great speaker sound, for music or speaker phone-Radio.  Nice add-on you don't get on a lot of the other 3.2 mp phones.-Good music playing.  Though you can't use your own headphones, you have to use the Sony ones that double as the hands-free microphone/headphones, the sound is very good.-You can copy and paste onto the memory card or phone any image photos and put them on your phone to show to people or for your own enjoyment.-Good battery life, if you don't have the screen lit up all the time.-I haven't used the 3G aspect of it, as this is expensive.  But the capability is nice.  Haven't tried out the internet either.-Despite the large size, it feels very comfortable to use.  It holds well in the hand, and the number pad keys are soft, though a bit close together.-Dedicated music play/pause button.-Good flash, with multiple flashes for red-eye reduction.-Nice leather hand strap.CONS:-Sending SMS to more than one person is a pain.  You have to go through several menus to select each person, one at a time.-Sony memory stick micro.  Yet another expensive sony memory card format.  MicroSD is the same size, and much cheaper.-Camera lens cover always sliding down.  The new Samsung and Nokia is much better in this respect.

Great device.  Pictures are amazing for a phone!  MP3 player could use a little help.  Screen is beautiful, and as always menu interface is a treat.  The phone is Java 2 compliant however many programs that run in the background will not notify be able to notify you unless the program is open.  i.e... Mig33.  Very other than the MP3 player, and Java notification issues the phone is a 5!

The Sony Ericsson K790a was easily the best "non-smartphone" candy bar-style phone I've ever used with respect to build quality, including the high resolution screen.  I also found the user interface to be superb and a better experience than that which I've had with similar Nokias (which are also excellent).  The use of a soft rubber coating on the back side was a nice touch by the designers.  Also, the camera is as good as it claims to be (but not better).  And finally, the phone syncs very easily with a Mac and iSync via a third-party plugin that you can acquire very inexpensively off the web (just search for "Mac," "iSync," and "K790a").My issues with the phone, and the main reason why I returned it, had to do with the low volume from the earpiece.  Even at its highest setting, it was still too low for me to hear the caller when I was in a relatively crowded or noisy environment (e.g., street intersection, restaurant/bar, indoor mall).  The phone also lacks dedicated "Send" and "End" keys, and instead are accessed by soft keys.  The this makes for an attractive layout, it can also be a bit inconvenient because the soft keys change function depending upon what you're doing, and it would've been nice if hard Send/End keys were available so that the soft keys could be assigned other useful function while in call.  Finally, I'm not a fan of joysticks and prefer directional pads.  I'm not convinced of the durability of joy sticks and don't find them as accurate or comfortable to use as D-pads.

Este es el mejor telefono que he tenido... Buen ensamblaje, rapido, sobrio, buena pantalla (240x320), acepta A2DP bluetooth headset, y lo mejor, la camara, simplemente la mejor del mercado...Lo recomiendo ampliamente...

I Got this phone in 2006, This phones does nothing flashy at all, but is the most durable phone I have ever had, over 100 drops and still strong, been in torrential rain, etc. This phone is easy to use, the buttons never stop working and the joystick is well made for navigation around the phone. After 6 years the only thing slightly damaged is the microphone, and that still works, just a bit quiet. Everything else perfect.10/10 Best Phone Ever.

I received this phone about 2 months ago and am very pleased with its photo capabilities. The 3.2 mp photos it produces, both indoors and outside, are good enough in most instances for printing as well as emailing. I've found it very convenient to have the capability to take reasonably good pictures available in combination with my phone. I carry the phone in a soft plastic case used for reading glasses and it fits perfectly and protects the phone from scratches. While it is longer than my old LG clamshell, it is thinner and therefore more comfortable to carry around in my pocket. The included USB cable makes downloading photos very quick and easy. The only thing I dislike about the phone is that the lens cover does not lock in place and seems to work its way to the open position frequently. While this causes the phone to go into "picture taking mode" temporarily, it quickly goes back into sleep mode while in its case and does not exhaust the battery. As it is protected in its case I don't really have any concerns about damage to the lens, however, it would be nice if the lens cover locked a little more securely.

So far I still like this phone. I have not seen yet my next phone after this one. I like everything about it except I still can't open "Memory Stick Micro" slot I am afraid to pry it open. So anyone can help I appreciate it

Coming from a SonyEricsson T637, I was familiar with the SE UI so getting used to this phone was relatively easy for me. I love the camera, it takes amazing pictures and the music player serves my needs just fine. Support for a memory card is a huge plus (I have a 1 GB Sandisk M2 Micro card) and now I never have to worry about running out of room for music of photos. This phone also allows for extensive customization in terms of shortcuts and themes, ringtones, and so forth, which is another plus. As far as negatives for the phone, I only have a few minor ones: the earpiece volume is somewhat quiet, and the camera lens cover sometimes slides open in my pocket, but neither of these would convince me not to get this amazing phone, it's quite possibly the single best phone I've ever owned! Definitely very happy with this purchase.

This is by far the best phone i've ever owned. The camera takes amazing pictures, the included headset has very nice sound, but not so loud that it would blow your eardrums. call volume is loud and clear and the speaker phone is excellent. there's almost nothing this phone can't do, except for AIM. Reception here in Dallas is excellent and 10x better than with my previous motorola phone that cingular sold me.

Now when I say mostly good that's still very very good.  There is no phone out yet at the time I'm writing this that has pried this K790a from my hand and I've had this phone since Nov '06.  I even passed on the iPhone because I had this.  The reason I skipped the iPhone is because the iPhone doesn't have as good a camera and because it only has EDGE.The camera on the K790a is great outdoors, but it does show some weakness indoors.  The flash is good, but because it is a smaller flash, dark pictures tend to suffer compared to a regular digital camera.  The video records at an unexpectedly lower resolution than some of it's competition, but it doesn't detract from the whole package.  I wish this thing had a 3.5mm jack because i would actually listen to MP3's and radio on it.  The only way to listen is by plugging in the provided earbuds that have a custom connector.There are some minor gripes like:1. EDGE only2. Camera shutter noise cannot be disabled3. no 3.5mm headphone jack4. video recordings are low resPluses:1. beautiful screen2. great camera + real flash3. bluetooth4. blogspot integration5. java app support6. good battery lifeOne of the things I really like about this phone is people will look at it and think it's a camera, but then ask me, "Is that a phone?!"I'm looking forward to replacing this phone with the Sony Ericsson K850 Phone (5MP+3G).

I strongly reccommend it. The quality of the pictures is amazing, really good!!, all the other features good too. you might be requiered to buy an extra memory as the one included is not big to store music and pictures.I bought it to use it in Venezuela (south america) but it wouldn't work with all the GSM carriers here but only one, so be sure to check with the carrier before buying it.

I've had 3 cell phones prior to this one, all Motorola and I really thought they were all pretty good phones...However I recently just made the switch to my new SE K790a and this one blows them all out of the water! It's very compact and durable you can tell it was made with an incredible level of quality control. I don't think I'll ever go back to Motorola.The camera is a great feature. This is why I bought the phone, now I am never without a camera. The flash is good and strong, so it takes great pictures with good focus.I don't really use the mp3 feature because I have an iPod. I will not comment on this feature. However I was VERY disappointed that it wouldn't allow me to use mp3s as ringtones. I heard this was because my service provider is a jackass and not the phone's fault though. With a little bit of forum browsing I was able to hack my way around this (if you have this problem email me at skibum2801@yahoo.com)... now I have my very own custom ringtones that come out as clear as day with the nice speaker.Call clarity is MUCH better than my other phones. I feel as if I'm simply using my home phone it's so great.The screen resolution is absolutely beautiful. The buttons took a little bit to get used to (because I was a Motorola girl for so long) but I picked it up quickly and now I have no issues.[...]
