
No need to comment on the Amazon transaction - everything went smooth and as expected.The phone is great! Compact and yet has all the features which I need. One thing which could be improved is the battery life - compared to my old Nokia phone, the battery on this one lasts only about half, but still gets me through 3-4 days between charges. I travel between USA and Europe and can use the phone everywhere. The 3G connection is usable at this point only in Europe but perhaps some day it may be useful in the USA. The Wi-Fi in that aspect is a great fallback. I even installed Skype on the phone and am making cheap/free calls whenever am in a Wi-Fi hotspot. I stuffed a 4GB MicroSD card and now have a very convenient portable flash drive which is always handy - transferring the files over the USB or Bluetooth is a breeze. From time to time I even use the radio and it works beautifully. The built-in MP3/Video player is also quite good but is useful only if you add a good size MicroSD card for the filestorge.I have used the phone for more than 3 months now and have dropped it a few times - no problems, just works! The Nokia contacts management utility which ships with the phone could be improved a bit (it is a program which you install on your computer to help you with the management tasks of your contacts) - it does help though entering all the contact details on a normal keyboard instead of trying to thumb them on the phone. The necessary USB cable ships with the phone but any standard mini USB cable will do too.Some of the office-type apps pre-installed on the phone are not that great - for example, the Adobe PDF reader does not allow you to flip the screen horizontally, but there are tons of third-party apps available for that OS which you can download and install. Many good games are available too - I installed Backgammon.Overall, I am very happy with the phone and recommend it.

You are either going to love this phone or hate this phone. I love mine. But I am going to write this review with an eye towards scaring away people who will hate this phone.This phone's feature set is balanced differently than most other phones in its price class. Other phones in this price class emphasize megapixels, music, video, and fashion. This phone emphasizes productivity and connectivity. If you want productivity and connectivity, here is your phone. If not, there are plenty of others to choose from here on Amazon and elsewhere.Let's start with what this phone does well -This phone remotely synchronizes with Microsoft Exchange. If your company uses Exchange, you will have one phone book, one appointment calendar, and one e-mail inbox equally available on your computer and your phone. Updates in either place show up in the other. The Nokia implementation even handles contacts that have a company name but no first-name or last-name fields. My Motorola RARZ2 V8 failed this test.The phone has Wi-Fi. I didn't know how much I would use Wi-Fi on my phone until I had it.The phone can display word, excel, and PDF documents. It runs Google Maps very well, but without a GPS chip, you can only locate your position within about 900 to 5000 meters.The phone has a real message waiting light. Why is this feature disappearing from modern phones?The phone supports high speed 3.5G data on two bands. This is a lot for a European phone, especially one that came to market last year. Sadly, high speed data service is pretty much nonexistent here in the United States, and much of what does exist is on a band this phone can't handle. But will you get EDGE data (and voice) nearly everywhere in the United States and abroad. Indeed, reception in fringe areas is significantly better than my wife's Nokia 6086. I have connected to ATT's HSPDA network in Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Madison, and Minneapolis. I can't connect in Chicago because the network runs on an incompatible frequency there (1900Mhz).Battery life is outstanding, especially for a thin phone.Now lets move on to this phone's weak points -The camera is only 2 megapixels. And it is fixed focus at that. And it doesn't work well in the dark. And there is only one of them [most phones capable of sending video have two - one facing outward and one facing you]. The camera is good enough for me, but I would never put shots from it in the family album.The music player doesn't display album art. No flashy light show either. And you are limited to the built-in speaker or a 2.5mm audio jack (I think it helps 'em keep the phone thin - forget about it and use A2DP if you want headphones). I must admit, however, that I really miss gapless playback. Music loads into the phone very slowly on account of the older 1.5 megabyte per second USB limit.The phone will record video. I have not been able to record video at Nokia's claimed quality (15 fps QVGA). I think I have been lied to. I think Nokia means either 15 FPS or QVGA, but not both at the same time.The phone will play video, even from YouTube, but not at high bitrates.Be prepared for plenty of British spelling in the menus and applications.This phone's idea of fashion is understated basic black. I like it, but then again I am this phones target audience.

First of all, price alert: As of Mar 29 2009, Nokia's online shop lists this at a discount price of 239 USD though it's on back-order.And now the review.Pros:* Good voice quality, good reception.* Though thin and sleek, the metal casing feels very sturdy.* VOIP works. Native Skype would have been great, but I'm using Skype through third party (Fring and Nimbuzz, both free) which is good enough.* Decent applications, e.g. messaging, calendar, web browser, document viewers. I've never thought that I'd actually use this for web browsing, but it is doable despite the tiny screen.* Most importantly, this doesn't break my wallet.Cons:* Keyboard is not the greatest thing for typing. I know, it's not designed for that, but decent applications means that a better keyboard would be very useful.* Camera is OK, not great.All in all I'm quite satisfied with the phone.

The nature of my work makes me move and stay to different countries for months at a time so i needed an unlocked phone. I found that's not something easy to get in US. Phone stores would even sell you a locked phone at a full prize if you don't buy a contract, that's ridiculous. I've been to he Nokia store in NYC and I would have paid 100USD more than on Amazon for the same product. I'm very happy with my purchase, the phone came in perfect condition in a sealed box. The Symbian program allows you to synchronize documents with your computer, it's a great tool. I would recommend buying a protection for the screen, gets scratched easily (Invisible Shield is great)

This phone does everything Iphone's/Pre's/Storms offer and more (from a functional perspective). It probably requires a bit more tech savy than the other mentions, but once set up everything works smoothly. I got IMAP emails from the office, Exchange calendering, GMAIL, Internet radio, VOIP to work perfectly - over wi-fi when @ home, or GPRS when on the road.An excellent buy - highly recommended for the more technically inclined.

Should have mentioned that it was an Arabic and Hebrew language model.Not as useful to me as it could have been then...

Love the phone but Amazon pricing sucks.  They dropped the price a week after I paid for the phone.

This is a great phone! Usable, attractive and open to all sorts of enhancements.Battery life is great.Very usable, responsive and fun to use.Great OS, stable and usable.Minor problems are: You can't change the writing language easily, and it gets hot rather fast...Great buy, anyway.

I purchased the phone in large part due to the exchange mail feature (wireless sync).  I received it yesterday and couldn't get mail set up due to certificate errors.  I called Nokia support this morning and found out our IT guys need to provide a different type of certificate.This needs to be made more clear up front.  If you state your product will due EAS out of the box then that's what it should do, not require additional work from IT.Aside from that, I thought it was an awesome phone. Great form factor, loads of features.  If you're looking for a feature rich phone in a small form factor, and don't need exchange mail sync, this is it.If you think you're going to just cruise through the mail set up you might receive an unpleasant surprise.

AntOnline does not deliver after you place your order.  They may have some of the cheapest prices listed but their customer service is lousy.

This has to be one of the best phone in the market...still! I like phones small in size, so i don't have to juggle stuff in my pockets, and this one fits in nicely. Its got wlan, making internet access two clicks away while i am on campus or at home. It has decent battery life, though the size does limit the battery size. But above all, its simplicity conceals its power making it a very decent companion. I bought a second one after i swapped my old one for an n810 with my brother...a year after i had bought my first one. Why? Because nothing else did the same stuff better :)Again, if you don't mind large phones, this might not be the one for you, but if you would have a small powerful phone, this is something you should definitely look into!Update : 29Sep2010The phone is working great after about 2 years of use, though the battery is kind of killing me. It has swollen in the middle, and after reading some reviews on the net, i replaced it with another battery. There seems to be some other problem with it now, it randomly drains instantaneously... and then charges up again pretty quickly probably a short circuit. One possible reason for the short circuit might be something i noticed; the rubber buttons (top and side) have begun to erode rapidly... i suspect the nokia engineers did a fabulous job in ensuring this so you would go out and buy a new phone... the trouble is i can't seem to find a decent nokia device after this. I am going to get a t6 screwdriver and see if i can replace the kit myself... not gonna let you go that easy :)And Nokia customer services has not answered my emails on the swollen battery issue... for now i am sticking to my E51!

Also this phone from Nokia allows dust to enter in the screen. Just after a few weeks you have visible grains of dust in the lower part of the screen. Now, after months, it looks horrible. My previous phone, Nokia 6021, had the same problem. Stupid me to choose Nokia again.

There is another user who posted a review on here that says the phone is not 3G.  The specs for the phone, both documented and on the box, show that this phone should connect at 3G in the USA.  I live in Manhattan and have toured this phone all over the island and it has never connected at 3G, only Edge.  Then I went to AT&T;'s site to find out what the 3G coverage was for Manhattan & it was 100%... so I don't know what's up with that.There is also a problem with the firmware, having had 2 of these phones - the phone will reboot randomly.  If you use a wired headset with the phone, be aware that you must buy a particular headset, the "HS-40" by nokia.

Fantastic in every way except 2.  It won't sync up with my 2006 BMW's bluetooth (known problem - I should have researched better) and it doesn't get my AT&T text messages, annoying the people who I don't get back to.

A great cellphone BUT.... The problem relies on Nokia warranty. In sub-dev countries, like Brazil (unfortunatelyit`s my country :( ) warrant does not work. Mine worked just 5 months and died. I sent twice to Nokia Tech Service, but Nokia returns with a "Lost Warranty" due to humidity exposure. But I live in a tropical country, humidity is usual (Nokia Consumer Service absurdly told me not to use the cell phone at kitchen!!!!!) . Bad example from Nokia. If you need a reliable cell phone, try BlackBerry, or Samsung.

The E51 is sleek, built for style and productivity...a rare combination that means popularity with true merit. So I'm quite puzzled that this phone isn't being pushed as much as the N95.It's got the right dimensions, not too heavy in the shirt pocket, feels good in my hand, the keypad has excellent touch and layout with 1-press keys for Calendar, Contacts, Email, Bluetooth (on/off) and Silent/General mode.It's real cool that the 1-press keys for Calendar, Contacts and Email have different modes.Short press starts the app (Calendar, Contacts, Email).Long press starts a new record within the app (new calendar entry, new contact, new message).I've re-assigned the 1-press key for Email to start the Messaging app, and long press starts the CryptoGraf Messaging app to encrypt my messages.There's WLAN internet access with a proper browser.  The camera, with just 2 MegaPixels, is good enough for my needs.The screen is crystal clear and good for viewing video and images. BTW, I thought it gets scratched quite easily, but that's just the plastic screen protector. I removed the screen protector and the screen stays scratch free even after I put the phone in my trouser pocket along with my keys.Another feature that makes the upgrade from E50 to this E51 a great idea...there's a font setting for adjusting the menu font sizes to Large, Medium, Small.Voice call quality is quite good. The speakers are also quite good but they're awkwardly located on the back.The volume controls on the side of the phone are not easy to use...it's quite confusing that the 'cursor key' acts as a volume control for the media player, but the voice call volume control is on the side of the phone.The CPU is very fast at 350MHz, Bluetooth 2.0+EDR, Mini USB 2.0, 2.5 mm A/V connector. The BP-6MT 1050mAh battery gives me great talk time and standy time even with liberal use of bluetooth and WLAN.

I've had the phone 1 month and I could not be happier with my choice. The battery life is outstanding, I've only had to recharge it 4 times in the last month. If you are looking for a phone that is packed with features, easily slips into your pocket and has great call quality this is the phone.

The battery life is amazing, the functionality is amazing, the connect-ability and speed, coverage and sound quality are all amazing! The build quality is also amazing. I'll still be using this phone 10 years from now.

I really like this phone, it does everything I need it to do and more.

Purchased this phone from Amazon based mostly on excellent reviews.But, to my big supprise this phone turned out to be quite a disappointment. Here is why: my sim card contacts (I have T-Mobile)were not recognized by this phone. My other phones Sony Erricsson, Motorolas, even my son's Nokia 9300 never had this problem. What am I suppose to do now? Reenter my entire list of all contacts and I mean at least 40 entries. But, this not all, I tried to make few calls and quality of voice reception is much worse than with my old Sony Ericsson. The voice of another person is difficult to hear because it's immersed into some kind of background sound.Lastly, if you have little bigger than small hands to operate this phone would be very uncomfortable. The buttons are vey small and quite cramped. I am sending this phone  back to Amazon and for now sticking with my old Sony Ericsson. I will probably buy newer Sony Ericsson or Samsung, but not Nokia.

Good all around phone, not for a committed Blackberry user though. I have had no problems with connections, and its download time is great. I will buy a wireless keyboard and a phone caddy.

I wanted a phone that does its main job well and all the secondary things were less important to me. This phone provides good call quality and at the same time has decent enough features. It provides 2 MP camera, WIFI connection can be made if need be, you can play music if you want to, you can make video calls or push to talk (but US networks do not suppport video calls yet). User interface is good also. Only con I found is that power on key has to be pressed at a certain angle and one has to apply force.

There is a lot of great technical stuff written about this phone on this site, not going to repeat.Five stars is for almost perfect products... this phone has to fix little moles, for example the lack of front camara, the speaker is on the rear, connecting to WLAN with hidden SID is very, very painful,...If you can live with those and other shortcomings buy it, this is a good product.Appart from this, the phone is performing as expected.Amazon service was excellent.

Overall the phone is pretty good for what it is. A budget wifi capable smart phone. The look style and feel of the phone is great, the headphones broke within a couple weeks and were not very good to begin with. The button never worked well and one speaker quit in about a week. The jack ended up breaking off. The ear pieces never fit well and the volume was not very loud. My next complaint is about the speaker in the phone itself. When the volume is turn up to an adequate level the speaker vibrates against the printed circuit board and creates a buzzing noise. I had to take the phone apart and place a small piece of thin rubber between the speaker and the board to get it to stop. Works well now. I would still recommend this phone if you want to save money and you want to have the wifi capability to go online occasionally.

New Phones were ordered. However received phones are used and refurbished. Visible tracks of usage on it. Box, instructions, charger, cables, headphones and other parts are attached are NOT original.

Its functional, wireless works well, and phone layout is good. It looks cheap.

After owning the device for a month now, here's my quick rundown of the positive and negative aspects of the phone.Pros (in order of importance):+ Excelent feature vs. price ratio. You'll be hard pressed to find another mobile device offering the same feature set, smartphone capabilities, and strong community following, for the same price. This is arguably the best bang for your buck smartphone on the market right now. After researching for quite a while before purchasing, this was a big deal-maker for me.+ Slim, stylish, classic candybar design and quality construction. The phone feels sturdy and the noticeable weight provides confidence it's not going to break if you happen to drop it accidentally (I can personally attest to this).+ High-quality screen. Sure, it's a bit on the small size compared to other Nokia offerings, but the QVGA resolution and 16M color display more than make up for it. You'll have a hard time watching full-length movies on it because of the size, but the pictures really look great and the UI is a pleasure to look at, especially with your choice of 3rd-party themes.+ Excelent performance. Plenty of CPU power and RAM to run several resource intensive games and application, at the same time.+ Symbian OS 9.2. This is a tried and tested smartphone OS. You just can't beat the huge application library available on the platform. Coupled with the performance bit above, the OS just flies through anything you run. Very responsive and stable.Now, onto to the negatives.Cons (in order of annoyance):- Weak battery. If you plan on using any of the features aside plain voice calls, get used to carrying the charger with you at all times. The battery is seriously underpowered, and a few hours worth of WiFi (for VoIP calls and light web browsing) on a full charge will last you--at most--24 hours. And don't even think about turning on Bluetooth for your wireless headset, since it will drain a full charged battery in about 5 hours--no joke. This is really a shame and it's one of the most frustrating aspects of the phone.- Application certificate: mandatory. The S60 3rd Edition Symbian OS makes a requisite that all installed applications must be signed with a proper certificate. This reduces the amount of software you can install on the phone by a large amount, since most freeware or small apps you might run into are usually unsigned. The only way I have found to remove this "feature" is to effectively hack your phone, with the risk of corrupting your system. Thankfully, all went well and I'm able to install all I want now, but this security measure is simply too restrictive for the end user. If you want to take advantage of the best aspect Symbian has going for it, get ready to perform this procedure.- Bugs in the current firmware. Although Nokia regularly updates the firmware of most of its lineup, it has recently set all their efforts on their flagship N series devices. The latest E51 firmware (200.34.36) was released on April 24, 2008, and has some major issues with the SIP client and browser, yet no update is in near sight.=== Added on 2008-12-26 ===- I forgot to mention the very annoying case of the side buttons (volume, mute, power, PTT). They're EXTREMELY hard to press. You literally have to hold the phone firmly with one hand, while you push forcefully on a button with your other hand. It also helps if you have long nails to dig into the buttons. Not sure why Nokia decided to have them so difficult to press.======- The following are not so much of an annoyance, as me nitpicking. The only feature missing from the phone that's not a gimmick (touchscreen, accelerometer, etc.) and would come in handy, especially in business oriented devices like the E series, is A-GPS. But since this would certainly drive the price way up, I think it compensates quite well despite not having this feature. The other feature gripes, like no flash or autofocus on camera, would really be pushing it, since this is not a camera phone, but it's still worth mentioning. One other small thing, is that the phone gets considerably warm during prolonged usage (15min+), be it WiFi, voice calls, video playback, etc. You can still hold it in your hand just fine, but I got worried the first time I noticed it. It's no big deal, really, once you get used to it.In summary, the one thing that soures up the experience of using this phone is the battery. For that fact, I'll have to give it 4/5 stars, but I'm completely satisfied with my purchase, and will surely consider another Nokia smartphone in the future.

This product is for the ones that are not used to a PDA where you have to write with very little buttons and that same time it has all the features of a PDA phone.

Awesome Phone.  Slim, easy to use, and light.  The E51 is lighter than the Motorola KRZR I used to carry.  Text messaging is a snap, even with the traditional layout, and synching email is no problem.  The phone walks you through everything as you go through setup, no frustration trying to figure out how to make it work.  All in All a great phone at a great price.

Awesome unlocked smart cell phone! A steal at this price for all the features it has! It has built-in wi-fi so you can web-browse for free at wi-fi hotspots. I can check my email on yahoo or browse the internet and never use up my minutes on my pre-paid T-Mobile plan. This phone also has a video player, mp3 player, 2 MP camera and FM tuner too. Who needs an over-priced IPhone with all the extra fees? The only item that is missing on this "almost perfect" cell phone for me, is a built-in camera flash.

Such a great phone. My job keeps me going from office to the field, where my pda is prone to damage. The organizer, microsoft office file handler and other applications help my pda stay save. The interface  on screen constantly shows my next scheduled task (synchronized to PC),  just pressing a button to call it from sleep mode. The three configurable buttons takes you to the application you want, added to six possible selections on screen. Email transmitting and reception is easy, as well as web browsing.thanks

I have owned this phone for a couple of years now. Bought it off the Nokia website before it was readily available here. This replaced a well used 6200. This phone is very nearly bullet proof! I have dropped it (repeatedly - though not on purpose) I am a believer in simplicity, no flips, no sliders, in-short not many moving parts. The E51 has great call quality, a very functional wifi feature and browser, and a very good music playback sound (when paired with a good bluetooth headset or even with the wired earphones that come with the phone. I don't use it much for data apps (because At&t;'s pricing)unless I have a wifi signal. As other reviews have mentioned, it does get fairly warm with extended use, but I usually have it in a holster and use a bluetooth earpiece, so it isn't a factor for me.All in all, I think it's a great phone, even though it doesn't have a QWERTY keyboard. After all it is a PHONE.

I've owned the Nokia E51 since January, and I can easily attest to the convenience, power, and versatility of this all-in-one powerhouse.  I was initially attracted to it due to its relatively high amount of on-board memory and slim form factor, both of which are hard to come by in the world of Symbian S60 operating system phones.  It's a very responsive device and very easy to carry in one's pockets.  The built-in WiFi capability allows for Gizmo5 VOIP calling (calls on the cheap) whenever you are near a WiFi hotspot.  I've also used the A2DP stereo music player with my bluetooth headphones on many occasions as a fill-in for my iPod.  And the amount of freeware S60 applications that are available as well as the powerful PIM capabilities of the phone add to the incredible usefulness of the phone.  The battery life is more than adequate, with ample on-screen and audible warnings before it becomes exhausted. The only serious negative for the E51 is the quality of the internal 2Mp camera, which is relatively poor.  Otherwise, the E51 is everything you want in a phone, minus the gimmicks.

Who likes to be simple and slick, this phone is for you. I had 3 and i keep buying the same over and over again. 1st one was swimming in the pool with me, worked for few days after then died, 2nd phone has similar water damage so half of the keyboard was not working and third was lost. If you like candy-bar phones this is the only way to go. Battery life is good not like the Nokia Music phone or even blackberry 8830. Feature rich (pdf, docs, excel, games, etc), has wi-fi, plus its Symbian and thats all i have to say about competition. Great value for the price.

A great phone for the ATT network. Love the sync capabilities and the wi fi without the bulk of a comparable phone.Lots of software available and easy to navigate.If you love Nokia phones, you will not be disappointed.

It's a good, solid phone with a lot of features in there. I would say - price/content ratio is very good. But... It's already a second brand new Nokia phone I am returning  (Before it was Nokia N95) for the same reason. The quality of sound during a conversation is very, very poor - a some sort of static noise, the voice itself is not clear at all - I had to ask to repeat last sentence several times during a conversation. Very frustrating. Second thing - volume control buttons and speech activation button located on the right side are very hard to click - especially taking into account that this phone is very slim - actually, I had to hold it with 2 hands to increase the volume or activate a voice calling feature. I was a huge fan of Nokia until two recent purchases of new Nokia phones - I am afraid this company went on a wrong path by chasing the longer list of additional cool features in a phone and lost the phone itself.

I have done more research than the Apollo mission on the moon.  This is the biggest bang for your buck GSM phone.  I had to return the first one as the screen had some defects/flicker.  Features are amazing, quality looks good.  Screen is on the small side, but capable. Key are small, but it is a compromise on phone size.

Having gone through a variety of phones - smartphones, dumbphones, windows phones, heavy ones, light ones etc, I didn't think I'd give 5-star to any phone.But E51 really deserves 5 stars. It's awesome because:- Thin and Light- Intuitive- Good phone features- Acceptable data features- VoIP that actually works- Strong signalThis is my first higher end Nokia after many years, and they rock! I'm so impressed by the E51 that I've already decided my next phone will be a Nokia e-series!

After researching many other phones, I purchased the Nokia E51 and I am delighed with my choice.The phone offers excellent call quality, good battery life, a good solid feel, and all of the features I need in a smartphone.After a disappointing experience with the Nokia 6126, I was a bit hesitant to buy another Nokia but with this phone, Nokia has definitely redeemed themselves in my eyes!

If you are looking for a compact mobile with all the latest technology and without burning your wallet, this mobile is for you. I have been using it for about 2 months and I am happy I made this decision. It has 3G, Wifi, Triband, email, Browsing, Music, GPS and all other stuff. I am not sure if you can expand the memory upto 8GB but mine works with a 4GB microSD card. I would highly recommend this to anyone. Good stuff.

Bought 2 Black Nokia E51 from Amazon and overall am very happy.PROS:+ Over good build Quality.+ Thin and Light, but has a solid and durable feel.+ Excellent call quality on Normal, Blue tooth and Loudspeaker use.+ Candy bar form, No moving parts, no mechanical issues (slider etc).+ Lot of Bang for the Buck:+ Unlocked Quad band, works worldwide.+ WiFi, Blue Tooth, Infrared.+ Lot of 3 party applications (Free and Paid).+ For VOIP, Chat, productivity and other applications.CONS:- Buttons on the side have poor tactile feel. Practically Useless- Keypad needs getting used to and patience, for text input usage.- Amazon pricing (Dropped $20 a week after purchase), that's $40.00 for the 2 phones.- Small Learning curve for S60 OS 1st timers.- Not much of Protective Cases available.- 2.5mm Headphone Jack (3.5mm could have been ideal).- Camera and image quality could be better.- For Outdoor/good lighting use only- Photos for computer use only (Printing not really??)For the current price of US$200.00 (as on 04/15/2009) from Amazon, Highly recommended.Oh and about Amazon, still a very reliable and efficient Internet merchant. Congratulations!

this is pretty much exactly what i wanted. it does what's advertised well. the only three gripes i have are that it has a problem with some large pdf files; it crashed on me twice, i don't know why and it's been several weeks between each crash, hopefully an update will fix; and third is that you need to have headphones connected to listen to the radio.i had two more gripes with the internet browsing and the music player, but i downloaded a new browser and new music player, it's all good now.

Just wanted to point out that this phone will connect to wi-fi and will work just over wi-fi (if desired) for browsing, IM, mail sync, exchange mail sync and voip calls..

Budget smart phone with some kick aXX capabilities. But symbian is slow, screen is small, no front camera for video calls, so you can have them see you, but you can't see them or the opposite. Brwser is a joke. Very small speaker inside, meaning highest volume is pretty low just because of the speaker size by default. Most of the features available in Europe, not really for USA. I believe you can do better for the money.

This phone is awesome, it does everything!! I bought it for my brother and he was more than happy. You can play tons of games football, Mario, tennis, surf the web wherever you are, google maps, radio, even the ringtones are fun! Worth the price.

Este tel&eacute;fono es una belleza. El &uacute;nico "defecto" que le encuentro es que no tiene teclado qwerty. Por lo dem&aacute;s, supera con creces a muchos aparatos que son m&aacute;s caros.

really nice product and good service. i wish to buy again from this product. nice one. i really appriciate. thanks.

So I purchased this phone as I wanted a phone that was unlocked and was quad band. It was also really important for the phone to have wi-fi and bluetooth. I have never used an s60 based phone. I have to say I'm pleasently suprised. The phone was designed very smartly. The shortcuts make sense, and you can modify them. The side buttons as mentioned by other posters are REALLy hard to use, but they rarely are.The OS allows for great customization and the use of any software you want. A little know how is nice to have but not really necessary.Skype works through Fring, with a native Skype client in the works. The browser has been thoroughly though of and works very well. The email client works great.The pictures do not do this phone justice. The phone really does look great. Very thin, and very professional feel to it.I would highly suggest this phone to anyone that wants a phone just as capable as the iphone without all the hype.

This unlocked Nokia E51 is a very slim but powerfull cellphone. Full applications as bluetooth and WiFi for internet navigation and many others like games, voice commands. Nice metal body and very light weight.

once my E 51 cell phone crapped out (just from time and usage) I bought the updated version of it, an E 52. Do yourself a favor stay with the E 51, it is a much better cell phone!

Ive bought this last April and the phone is serving me well as a second phone for personal (non-business) number.This is not a perfect phone, but it desrves five stars for price over functionality, capability, and performance.--Responsive enough. No long annoying lags.--Given the big screen and tactile keys, viable as a websurfing device, also because...--Wi-Fi chip gets good connection everytime (unlike other phones or laptops that just disconnect suddenly although youre in a good wifi zone).--four special buttons for calendar, messages, and contacts are really useful. (Dont forget to setup the long-press option, so you have extra 3 functions programmed in shortcut key)--the long "portrait" screen serves the to do notes and layout of messages well. you see many text in one shot.--leather case included is very good (unlike the one included in e71).--the calendar is very usable for tasks. In one push of a button, the entire month is displayed nicely with mark on days with impt appointments and to-do's. The week count is also indicated--useful for us in manufacturing, who counts workweeks.--the steel is the body and thin contruction is truly attractive and durable (so far). The thin-ness makes it perfect fit even in tight jeans, so helps you prevent losing this phone. No excuse to your boss for not carrying it everytime as well. If I am an IT director, I would be issuing this phone rather than the N95 that I see with our plant managers.I might be partial to the 'enterprise'/for_business series of Nokia, but Ive owned an N70 and 72, with the same or higher price that this E51, and E51 beats them both hands down.There are negatives of course (two major gripes: short battery life, hangs sometime at menu button), but again, it's 5 stars considering price/functionality. Id be willing to buy it's next incarnation even if only the hangs/bugs (firmware update is useless) and some hardware (processor, battery) are improved, and everything else stays, incl price, the same.

I won't list all the nice features of the phone - there is enough other reviews on that subject. My own experience with the phone has been great as well. Until it broke down. The phone just died and won't turn on anymore. When connected to charger the light and screen backlight come on for a few seconds then turn back off. I am sending it for repairs - will see if Nokia honors the warranty Amazon promised. By the way it looks like I am not the only one having this problem - just google for "E51 won't turn on"There are a few other negative things I have (or had - while it worked) to say about E51 in no particular order. First if you need input for non-latin languages, that is not going to be easy because apparently it requires re-flashing the device creatively with localized (for the country where the language is used) version of Symbian - which obviously voids the US warranty and too much of a hassle.Second, as somebody noticed, the dust accumulates behind the screen quickly and I see no way to remove it.Third, custom voice recognition is not supported - so you can not train the phone to recognize your voice (or language) for voice dialing. You have to pronounce names of your contacts with English accent or they won't be recognized. This is ridiculous - even my old 6230 allows me to assign any voice tags I want.Fourth, the camera produces pictures with annoying green tint which makes it almost unusable. There is no tint in "night mode" but then you loose quality. This problem has been discussed in various forums many times with hope that the "next" software release would fix it. Which obviously hasn't happen in a couple of years the phone has been on the market.

I had this phone for almost a year. Phone performs perfect as a phone. As an intertainment device is rather dull. Speaker sound is mediocre. Camera quality is low, similar to iPhone. I replaced it with Nokia E71 this January - definetely an improvement. Though most of functionality of E71 exists on this phone and it is smaller and a lot cheaper!

I have always purchased a Nokia and went out to try a Samsung Blackjack. Well, to keep it simple, the Nokia e51 is a great phone that has excellent signal. For example, with my Samsung, I could not really use it inside my room but with this phone no problems also reduced my dropped calls.The phone feels really solid in my had and the quality build is nice. The side buttons that are a bit hard to press, like the volume button and off button. But thinking about it, one of my older Nokia had the problem of side button being to easy to press so I had to always adjust the volume.Another thing I was impressed with was the battery life on this phone. I know this is because the screen is not as big as many other phones. Specially phones with touch screens which sucks the like out of it much faster.This phone has many features as the more advanced Nokia but in a compressed version. This phone is perfect for someone that does not like bulk and pretty much use it regulary meaning, text, calls and occasional email.Great phone!

It has all of the important features of its larger cousins...After having it for a couple of months I decided to upgrade to an E71. Well I've used the larger one for some three months again and I'm switching back. My reasons:- The E51 is really compact for a smartphone... I think this is very attractive.- I didn't use the qwerty keyboard as much as I thought I would. As a matter of fact, I found it too crowded, and hard to use without looking at it. It was also hard to use it one handed. Since having a good tactile feedback is one of the reasons for not switching to a touchscreen device, I think the numeric keypad is much suited to my needs.- The E71's screen is larger, but still not as large as I would've liked it to be... I think the small extra in real-state is not used well enough, and thus sub-utilized.

Guys,I'm completely satified with phone and with dealer. So thanks to you all.Nokia made a good smart phone and Amazon shipped it to me in a vary nice manner - fast and safe.Thanks.

early, cheap, easy, insurance.i am very happy with this buy.i dont have best price that amazon price.

Got the phone in the time promised. Slipped the SIM card in and the phone was up and running in a couple of minutes. Found my home wireless and connected effortlessly. The FM radio is great, and could be listened to over the included wired headset. I like the layout of the main screen, the feel of the keypad, and well laid out controls. Took some pics with the built in camera, and they came out sharp as a tack. Another Nokia winner!

So I bought this phone almost two years ago while trying to just find something that could text easier. I am a fan of T9 texting. I don't like a full qwerty keyboard, it's just too many buttons- so this one was perfect with its candy bar style and basic key pad. I love the stainless steel casing - i've dropped it a couple of times - it's doing fine!  After over two years I am noticing that lint seems to have built up on the backside of the screen and I am planning on takng it to a cell phone repair to clean it out - also after all this time I am either going deaf or the ear piece inside the phone needs to be replaced. I LOVE THIS PHONE and if it can't be fixed I would pay the money for a replacement because most people can't make a phone live over two years and this one had the endurance!

I bought this phone only a few days back and I couldn't have made a better choice.It has all the features I was looking for but I love the fact that its design it's not too flashy.WiFi works great, I spent hours yesterday watching YouTube videos on it.Great choice for those who want functionality, not stylish design.

I am very dissastisfied with Nokia. I spent $300 on an E51 a little over a year ago. The phone screen died after the warranty period. I sent it to be repaired and it was sent back with a note that it was unrepairable. I called customer service and was told it was unrepairable because the e51 is not manufactured anymore. A $300 phone should last longer than a year and if nothing else be repairable. I will never purchase a Nokia phone again.Matthew Lattimer

Good quality phone.  Fast, good battery time. PDA features are great.  Camera okay. Nice size. Reception is great. WiFi is worth it.Would reccommend this phone.

Great piece of hardware haven't gotten to use all the features yet but from what I have used so far I am impressed. Delivery was prompt and in good condition.Reccommend this product to all.

The first phone had a defective microphone inside, however Amazon sent me a new phone next day air. Wow. I do love this phone. It is slick, functional and Nokia is my favorite phone for overall quality. This black e51 does everything good, maybe it tries to do too much. It could be a little bit louder on every phone. Headphone power is good but not my ipod. Speaker is ok, but not loud. It could use a 3.5mm headphone jack like the rest of the planet. The wifi works great, but the menu is a little confusing, and the mail section with yahoo won't let me go on wi fi. It must be just for cell companies. You can just go to the internet and go to yahoo but it takes longer. You can turn off the cell internet to prevent overcharges that's nice. Please understand I do love this phone I'm just being critical. Trust me you will baby this phone, and want it back in your hands when others look at it. Unless I'm just obsessive compulsive. Great screen clarity. The music is clear, and makes great ringtones too. It looks basic yet modern and is high quality throughout. Amazon's quick response made me a loyal fan. You will not get the same treatment from best buy or any other electronics big store.

This is just the right phone for the low budget business person. At a price less than $250, its packed with audio, video, internet, office and loads of functionalities with useful quicklaunch buttons (though qhute tiny. Battery life on this phone isn't quite impressive as I have to charge mine everyday. But in all, it's a good phone and fits well into my pockets.

It is old and been around for a while, but I loved it. Has been replaced but I would buy it again.

Like others have said, this isn't a phone for those with large fingers. If you're looking for a business phone with a qwerty keyboard, then this isn't your pick. Nonetheless, the phone is elegantly built, with lots of features.Pros:1. Lightweight, can easily fit into your shirt pocket.2. Great design with adequate reading space unless you have vision problems, that is.3. Very low price (bought mine for US$197) for a business class phone.4. Good battery life (but watch out if you want to use the wireless and Bluetooth together all day).5. Great at multitasking. At times, I have 5 programmes running. Just a few taps and you can switch between each of them painlessly.6. Supports up to 8 GB TF Micro SD cards and yes, it takes the SuperHDC ones too. Can't run out of storage space here.Cons:1. Prone to Symbian viruses. Like all Symbian based phones, better get an antivirus. You never know what may hit you.2. Should come with the ability to charge using the USB Cable (Hope Nokia fixes their darn old habit of not allowing the phone to charge via the USB cable.Great product. I'd recommend it to anyone needing a business phone.

I had been following the E50 & E51 phones and I am quite happy with this phone. A smart phone has to be a good phone first. This one come pretty close. Small form factor, does not feel heavy in pocket, decent battery life, quad band, speaker phone, 3G, and wifi. I love the small light that blinks to let you know of a missed call.Cons:1) Speaker volume is low, compared to other Nokias I have had.2) If you are a heavy user of the Wifi you might find the screen size small3) Does not charge by USB cable.I thought hard about buying the E51 or the iPhone. I think the iPhone wins overall, but I will never buy it so long as Apple arm-twists me into signing a contract with AT&T; or any one phone company.

Exacty what I expected and wanted! I am very picky when it comes to cell phones... I don't want flip phones, I don't like full keyboard phones and I wanted a flat and compact phone with business applications and tools. For decades I am a convinced and happy Nokia user - It just never dissapoints when you know what you want!

It is an excellent cellphone, it has all the necesary, internet, wifi, and every thing that you need, to work, and for all.... And in the case you live in a dangerous place, it is not an desirable one... so, you can use it in the street very quetly...

Most of the cameras today are aimed either for kids (like the chocolate), fashion conscious adults (the big hit razr), or business people (the bulky blackberry or treo).What if i want a phone that is sleek but also loaded with all the important business tools?  well the E51 was a Godsend.This sleek phone comes with high speed 3G internet and WiFi connection.  Gone are the days paying $15 to connect to the internet at airports and hotels.  Simply use the mini usb cable or download a symbian based modem application and you can use your phone as your modem.The camera is decent (2mb) and since micro sd cards are so cheap nowadays (i bought a 4gb Kingston one at Amazon for $14) you can use this phone also as a portable mp3 player (stereo ear phones included).The best part of all though; it runs on Symbian.  Download Opera mini and Google Maps (with a neat 'show current location function) and you have the capability to browse html pages and use the phone as a water down gps device.

I can not recall any recent experience that came even close to the one I recently had. Having bought two Nokia E51 cell phones, one had a problem (a key fell off) after 4 days from the purchase date and Amazon response to my inquiry was very professional and flawless. Nokia, which I contacted first wanted me to ship them the phone, take a look at it, and decide whether they will repair it under warranty or not!!??Amazon shipped me a new one, provided a return label for the problematic phone and that was it. Loved it!!!!The phone is great, has everything I missed having after switching to a different brand a couple of years ago. Then there is the S60 operating system and wifi capabilities, plus a lot of available software out there.

I have had this phone for a little over a week and its by far the best phone I've ever had. I previously purchased a Nokia N75 from AT&T and i must say that was one of the worst decisions i ever made. The battery on the phone would die with a days use. the battery on the E51 lasts for ages!!! i charged it fully when i received and didn't have to charge it for 5 days and i txt quite a bit. its also really fast when switching from application to application i never realized how sluggish my N75 was until i bought this phone. i was easily able to connect to the wireless at my house it was quite fast. also, when i first ordered the phone i thought it looked ok, but when i received it i have to say it surprised me how simple and elegant it was. it also felt very sturdy compared to my old flimsy N75. All in all i have to say this is one of the best decisions I've ever made i'd definitely buy this phone again!!

A good, fast phone for business. You can use the wireless function to browse the net wherever you are. The HSDPA modem is very fast, so that you can be always be connected to your mail.
