
So after ordering this phone I read some of the reviews here about it and for the most part people were really hard on the phone. Though Hot Pink really isn't my colour I never the less loved this phone. I bought it to go on holiday to Europe and used it everyday to stay intouch with home. It got reception everywhere I was staying and even though I kept the phone on day in and day out the battery lasted a longtime over the course of the week I only had to charge it once and that was just to be on the safe side when I was flying back to Canada.This phone is cute, takes up little to no space, gets clear reception even in the middle of nowhere and has fantastic battery life.I would definitely recommend this phone.

This phone is awesome. You can download songs on it. You can record video, take clear photos and access the net. I would definitely recommend this one.

This is a great cell phone for any one who is living overseas. Its convient to have for prepaid services. And if you still want to be in style. Its unlocked, so you can use it in the states.

I have always love this phone i would say to get this phone it has never failed me. i love it

The RAZR is a very durable and reliable phone.  Contrary to other reviews I have dropped my phone several times and it keeps on tickin'!  My wife has the pink RAZR and I have the black RAZR and both of us are extremely pleased.  This is by far the best phone on the market.  It separates itself from all the other plastic and cheap phones.

This is the worst cellphone I have ever used. I brought my RAZR in June/2007. The first piece of keys falls from the cellphone in the end of 2007. The second key, which is the "OK" key on the panal, falls from the phone about three months ago. And now, finally, the round key disintegrated. The phone itself is good, with a nice battery. However, I wonder, what can I do with a cellphone without keys??? How to dia numbers with such a stupid low quality RAZR! Within one year, this whole thing becomes a crap.

first of all the the phone would die after 2 hours, they sent me a new battery, now it drops most all  of my calls and i know that is is not t-mobile because i use another #and different phone by t-mobile all day.

I got the Magenta Razr in December. It was defective. I got a big blank screen when it was opened after being closed for just minutes. If you get the phone at T-Mobile it has a 1 year warranty. I used that and my new Razr works just fine and dandy.But the phone sold here on Amazon is way too expensive and is without a warranty...so I'd be weary.

I bought this RAZR V3 several years ago.  The color was wrong, but the style and price were right ($59).  The camera is worthless, and battery life is poor.  However, I have dropped it several times, and once it slid across the car dash, went out the window, and got run over by another car.  The battery door came off, so I put it back on.  That was a year ago.  It still works fine.I wish the camera worked, especially in dim light.  And I wish the battery life was closer to the Philips phones sold in Asia (a month standby time and 8+ hours talk time).  I have no use for most apps, so I'm considering a Motorola V3XX even though it's not of the latest phone generation.I recommend the RAZR V3 if just making calls is what you want it for.  Just keep an extra battery around.November 2012: My RAZR V3 died (after four years of abuse), but it served well.

Drop it once... and its a done for

All my text messages from Russia are blacked out. I'm trying to figure out how to get rid of the Portuguese, Dutch, French, etc. and get Russian.

two weeks ago I purchased a razr which advertised "video" feature which it did not offer.  The company I purchased from replaced it with another phone for an additional charge.  This phone is also useless.  If I want to take photos or utilize video I have to buy an additional "sim" type card and open phone up to utilize these features.  I spent 2 hours at my local AT&T retailer to find out that my 5 year old razr offers more options with the sim card i have .  I want to return this phone, but I'm not sure I'll get my money back so I guess I'll just hang onto this loser

I loved the phone at first.It worked for about a month and now the screen nore the camera work!!the screen is black!! it won't do anything!!!Even the outside screen is black!!!  and I cannot take any pictures because the screen won't work!!i can call out and get incomming calls but cannot see anything the only way i know who it is is beacuse i set certain ringtones.  I can get texts but of couse cannot read them because the top half of the phone doesn't work!!!!!! i am very careful with my stuff so it was nothing i did. i really like the phone if it would just work right.

THESE PHONES ARE NOT BUILT IN THE US. THERFORE YOU DO NOT GET THE MANUFACTURE 1YR WARRANTY.  I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND IT QUIT WORKING 35 DAYS AFTER I GOT IT. AMAZON WILL NOT CREDIT MY MONEY OR REPLACE MY PHONE. MOTOROLA WILL DO NOTHING!!! BECAUSE IT WAS NOT MANUFACTURED IN THE US.  I WAS TOLD THIS AFTER I HAD PAID FOR SHIPPING THE PHONE TO MOTOROLA FOR REPAIR.  THANK YOU AMAZON FOR THE $179 PINK PAPER WEIGHT.

I really love every razr out their, but see here's the problem. This phone does NOT WORK WITH VERIZON WIRELESS. So if you are like me and wanted it and have Verizon, just buy the phone at verizon. This phone is not compatibe with the Verizon Wirless service. You need a SIM card for this phone, and with Verizon, it is computer autherized. Don't waste your money looking for it on Amazon, or on the internet. Save your self at least 200 $ and go to the store or Verizon Online. It is NOT WORTH IT. Other Than that little factor, I totally think you should go for this phone, (if your not Verzon!) but Beware Of the Dreaded Celly Phone.Don't fool your self over the UNLOCKED thing. It really doesn't make a difference.

I do not recommend this phone due to the fact that it is about 5 years old. I bought this phone around March 4th, 2013. I bought it Brand new, factory sealed, everything was there. The phone was crud. It malfunctioned, would turn off/on all by itself, the screen wouldn't come on half the time, and the service it got was horrible. Maybe it was just who I ordered it from, but a brand-new phone should not behave this way. Not worth it. 2/5 stars. Only 2/5 because this is a great phone, if you can find one that still works perfect.

I ordered this phone and got a used battery, I had to send it back and get refund!

Could not hear party on other end of line properly. Sent it back to place where it came from tthe other day.

Looks amazing, great button response, the only bad thing (which actually is a pretty big deal for me) is how the text messaging inbox/outbox are set up - you can only store 30 messages in the inbox, and there is a setting for it to automatically delete messages after you have a certain number, but it doesn't work on the phone I received. Apparently you can alter the programming in the phone to up the inbox capacity to 100 messages with a computer, but I'm not daring enough to mess with the codes. The instruction manual also says there is a space in the battery compartment for a micro SD card, but there is no such space. A good phone that performs well, but some features are a little ridiculous.

I love the Pink RAZR.  It definitely is flashy and catches the eye, and what else is the point for getting the RAZR.However, being inept with technology, it's a little bit more complicated to get it working the right way than I was led to believe.  With Cingular, I am always roaming.  I don't always get a powerful signal if at all because it's finding the nearest tower, any tower and not Cingular.The signal strength is really the only issue that I have but it's a big one.  Other than that, the phone is really easy to use, a real user friendly phone and works well.

Well the product didn't work out for me it didn't recieve pics or vids even though I pay for them on my plan. The service however, was amazing they didn't hassle me at all and gave me a full refund. :)

nice value for the price.. I bougth this for my 5 years niece and know she will love it. f

I purchased a Motorola Razr from Amazon because our cell phone carrier wanted over 200.00 for it because it has not been a year since my daughter had her phone.  I got if for 140.00 and my daughter is Very happy with it!Thanks!

The phone is excellent but the battery charger wire did not work and I had to use the old one.

I feel so fortunate to have found this item.  This is all the phone I want.  AT & T no longer sells this product but it works great with the sims card that I have.

The Moto Razr V3 is the best cell phone I've owned.I have the  Magenta color and its a beautiful shade of pinkNone of the cell companies in my town even carry this color Razr.It's smooth, and has a nice key pad with a blue back lite.Takes pictures and video's.It has picture ID so you can see who is calling on the outter smaller screen and the inside larger screenIt also has the ringer assigning featureHas a nice feel to it.All in all this is a classy, smooth, compact phone. Does pretty much everything a phone needs to do and more..I love mine, and am glad I chose it.

I purchased this phone for my wife, as a replacement to her broken RAZR V3.She has complained ever since that the reception is terrible. I spoke to a young man who unlocks phones for a living and his response was that it was not properly unlocked. For the money spent, I expected a phone to provide identical results as the same model it was replacing. As this has no warranty I am stuck.

The phone is fine, just can't do any e-mailing because it is a T-Mobile phone and I use ATT. The color didn't mater I just covered it with a hard case the camera and every thing else works just fine, I just can't sent photos back to my computer.

good day i am mr djubril smith i am intrested in buying the motorola razr v3 gsm camera (pink) if u are intrested in saleing it out to me i will appriciate it.thanks mr djubril smith

The  telephone was in good condition, it was suppose to be new, not sure about that, the battery was weak, and would not hold a charge for more than an hour or two, less if you used the telephone. I replaced the battery and it is working great now. The plug-in charger sent with the telphone does not work. But Because I have had a few RAXR's, in the past, I was  able to loccate a plug-in that worked, still I was disapointed that the one I recieved with the telephone was defective. I was not sure who to complain to, so I left it alone, but would greatly appreciate a replacement plug-in charger.

The phone is perfect. I've been using it for a few months now, without any problems, came with all accesories and manual. However for internet you do have to contact service provider for settings but it only took 5 minutes. Overall great phone.

How come the suggested retail for this phone is $249 and amazon is charging so much more than that? Well I guess they are pocketing about a hundred dollars per person who decides to buy the phone on amazon instead of through like tmobile.com or other cell phone websites. The one that amazon sells doesn't even come with a sim card and its like a hundred dollars more than you can get it other places.

I bought this for my sister in law and so far she can only rave about it

Back cover won't stay on and your review site is not friendly. I don't know what else you want me to say!!! "Read my Lips" The Back Cover Won't Stay On!!!!!!!!!

I've had several of this model of phone and love them.  This phone arrived on time.  Only thing with this phone is that one of the back covers is a little bit of a different color than the rest of the phone.  This does not affect the performance of my phone.  Still love the RAZR's.

I recieved this phone and within two days the keypad would not respond. I returned the phone. It took several weeks on some e-mails but I was issued a refund for the phone.

look every oen keeps complaining this phone turns off  goes blank etc mine did this i admit  but i called the company take the battery out put it back in and only charge the phone when its off i havent a problem since!!! but other then the colour its just a simple tiny phone and  doesnt break like people say

You can purchase this phone on ibuyplasma.com for $298.99 and you get the pink razr phone, HS820 Bluetooth headset, a car charger, and belt clip for that price of $298.99!  Can't beat that!

Okay, so I've had this phone for a few weeks now and I dunno why people bag on it. No, it's not a smartphone. If you want a smartphone, go get a bleeping smartphone. No, it doesn't have all the latest bells and whistles, but again, it's 5 bleeping years old, when it came out it had all the bells and whistles.That said, let's get to the actual review.It's fairly well built,the outer casing seems to be made of a mix of lightweight aircraft grade aluminum and high density plastic. The flip open bit works fine and there's minimal wiggle in the hinge. It's not milspec, so it's going to have some wiggle. That's a fact of life. Making things super precise costs super money. When this came out, yeah it cost super money but it had super tech.The keys are all flush with the body, they don't stick up, but they're reasonably large and light up for night use. The speaker on it's decent, and the ringtone I loaded (You need special software to do that, but it's easy to get) plays fine, though since this is the V1, it doesn't have much memory or a way to expand the memory, so whatever ringtone you pick is going to need to be either downgraded a bit in quality, or short. I went with both, and it's been fine. Not concert quality, but you don't need concert quality sound for a ringtone.The only problem I've had is the left side hinge plug. It occasionally starts to wiggle out a bit. It's not a huge problem though, just push it back in and keep an eye on it.I got this as a downgrade from my old smartphone and I'm glad I did. A smartphone, even the hunk of junk I had, was too much phone for my needs. Like using a bazooka on a fly. Sure it'll work but the word overkill comes to mind. This makes calls, receives calls, almost always has full bars, it cut my phone bill by more than half, and I can have the ringtone I want. Of course when I see it I kinda have flashbacks to school and keep wanting to revert to valley girl mode, but that's just me lol

I had this phone for my grandma and by the 2nd month everything started to break. Call quality dropped. The screen stopped working. Phone started to fall apart. Crap phone for $50. If I knew I would've bought a phone from ebay for $20 and still work. I thought because it was amazon the phone would be great but it isn't.Not worth the money especially for $50.

Bought the pink razor for the daughter's b-day, then after three months the keypad froze up.  This phone is made in Europe, so you have to call your carrier to set up text messaging. AND.....it would not pick up Cingular's network around the US when we went on vacation.  Pass on this phone and try a Nokia.

Within 24 hours of using this phone it turned off and no longer would charge or turn back on. I was not impressed.

Bought for my mom because it's simple and nice color. When my mom received it, complained that battery part can't close completely. Very disappointed!!!

Lets get one thing straight - you will never buy this phone for its features, so why give it a bad review because of its lack of features? This phone is meant for one thing -- Style. And not one other phone in the market comes close to this phone in style - and the sales of this phone prove it.The signal strength on this phone is very good. In elevators where I didnt get signal with other phones, this phone picks up enough signal to carry the conversation through without any of those "didnt hear you - can you repeat that?". I really havent seen another GSM phone with signal quality as strong as this one, which is funny because this phone's antenna doesnt even stick out (internal antenna). Bluetooth audio is clear - I have verified this with the Jabra BT200 and the Motorola HS820.Camera is good, but not as good as some other phones out there. Video is good, not as good as other phones out there. No memory card. Here's the bottom line - if you want a phone that works like a good phone and looks damn good, this is the phone for you. If you want a phone that does videos / audio etc, then look elsewhere - or wait for the v3i.Want a good looking phone with great voice quality? Buy this phone. Theres really no competition. Want a camera + camcorder + mp3 player + organizer + toaster? Skip it...

This phone was ok initially but then started going off on on. Looks good but...

I live in an area where phone reception is horrible.  Although there are pros and cons with this phone, the majority are pros:Pros:1. Out of all the cell phones my family and I have used, this one takes the shortest time to connect as well2. Clarity with every conversation3. Numerous amount of features.4. aesthetics5. battery life is longCons:1. like most phones and services, accessories and fees for extra services (i.e. for verizon the V-cast feature is aprox $15)2. The camera is good for about a 1.0MP but the zoom blurs once you reach the max 4x.3.  It is rumored that after a few years, the screen blinks.  This is TBD and I personally have not heard of any other technical error(s).In general if you take good care of the phone, the phone should work.

First phone I got was definitely not new- didn't ring, hinge weak, lots of scratches. But the seller worked hard to get me a phone that worked well for my 92 year old mother in law.

My wife needed a new phone to replace a crappy Cingular phone and we were still under plan, so rather than paying $200 for another crappy phone at the store, she wanted this one.  I actually saved $40 on ebay, but the phone that I received was either a knock off or a cheaply manufactured piece of garbage.  I sent it back and bit the bullet on this one.  My wife loves it, she can hear the person that she's calling and they can hear her clearly.  I don't like spending the $ when most phones are heavily subsidized, but in this case it was worth it.  Easy to use, put in her SIM card, charged the battery and that was it.

i had this phone when it first came out and i loved it ! so i thought i would buy it again when i broke my phone until i got my replacement ! at first i didnt like it because it was super light and i thought it was fake ! but the phone works perfect and i had no problems with it ..its a great emergancy phone to have around the house!

The item has never arrived and I actually had to call customer service several times to get it canceled for full refund.

This phone is great! Especially if you upgraded from an ancient model like the v180 and v188. I am such a girls girl and this color of pink actually doesn't make me sick unlike the lighter pink version from verizon out now. I feel alive when I hold this phone. I saw this phone online and fell in love. My phone was delivered and no problems whatsoever! The features are exceptionally great and the screen is very bright and clear. My husband has the pebl and trust me that phone is not that much smaller in size and the features aren't greatly different for the price. I only paid 174.99 for an upgrade and I'm completley satisfied. My phone didn't come with any usb cable for my pc or a belt clip but that's ok with me anyway. My only gripe so far is that the directional button is so flat if you're not paying attention you will hit the wrong thing. Anyway, don't miss out on this phone. It's a limited edition! Perfect gift for any female for any reason at all.

This phone is ok but the seller "General.seller" sent me this feedback when i posted my review in the shipping notes...so i will remove it from there and be sure to place it here...  General.Seller wrote to me, "Hi; Thank you for your purchase. But the feedback you left for me is not right, please review Amazon's feedback policy, it shold be related to my service, not about the product. Would you please remove it?Thank you again."Sooo...Here goes...The review is Poor..the seller should have also offered to help fix the problem but they did not!!The phone is ok, BUT...it is not fully UNLOCKED!!!!Beware buyer...If you are with T-Mobile, it may be fine, but if you are with AT&T...you; will get phantom text messages appearing as an Error that you Will be charged for on your phone account.Every time you power the phone off and back on it tries to do a check in of some sort with T-Mobile and because I am with AT&T; it comes back as an error Invalid Number.Buyer from AT&T; and not with T-mobile,,,beware. :o)  That's all I'm sayin'.Seller....If you can fix my problem I will be glad to remove this review or at least upgrade it to something better.Thank you again!!

The phone works great.  Great reception, sound, and video quality.  The only real problem is the charging.  Plug in the charger, set the phone down and it is charging fine, come back in a few minutes and it is no longer charging as if the cord is not even there, or it has completely shut down and is no longer charging.  Have to unplug the cord and replug it and the charge starts over.  This can happen over and over, can take days to charge this phone.  Have taken it back twice.  First time they replaced the battery, it did the same thing.  Second time they replaced the whole phone, it worked great for a few weeks, now the new one is doing the SAME thing.What good is a phone that won't charge!

This phone was exactly what I wanted..... Save the flower design on the front of the phone, which I was not expecting. Runs great and there are but a few minor physical flaws. The phone came completely factory restored with new inner and outer screens. I chose 4 stars because of the flowers, which were not posted anywhere. Otherwise, I love this phone, and I refuse to go back to my smartphone!

We got this phone when it first came out many months ago (really for my teenage daughter).  The immediate problem I had with this phone was when I went to hold it (hands free) between my ear and shoulder it was extremely difficult and uncomfortable.  You really couldn't used the phone that way for long without suffering a crick in your neck.  I know the old adage about not being too thin but if you are accustomed to propping the phone without an ear piece then you are likely going to be miserable with this phone and shouldn't buy it.  No wonder the phone manufacturer is pushing and bundling the bluetooth earpiece attachment because without it, forget it.  I also have some trouble using to the buttons for dialing the numbers since they are so flat and feel different that you are not sure you are hitting the number unless you watch the numbers appear in the window as you punch them.  There is also just the slightly longer pause let's say from the time you end or clear the last call and the time it takes for the phone to be ready to make the next one; if you start dialing the next call right away you may often find that the first number or two you pushed in the phone number didn't fully register so you need to start over the process of dialing the number again.  If you're used to quick, reliabile dialing it can be another aggravating aspect of using this phone.  Other than all that - it is a beautfiul, sleek, and sophisticated looking phone.  It feels slick and sleek in your hand, not like most phones. It is also a really good size.  I see many men especially having to go see-sawing the head from the ear to the speaker because some these new phones are so compact and tiny.  Size length is really the best on this phone above most all others and should be the industry standard for ease of hearing and speaking.  If you can deal with the problem of the "thinness" interfering with hands free use then I recommend the phone.  I have had no problems with connectivity with this phone thru T-Mobile.

firstly i should point out that i live and work in the UK so am amazed at the price you have to pay for this phone and yes i have taken the exchange rate into account. also i work for europes largest independant mobile phone retailer and so feel i have some valid insights. the company i work for is also the only company to sell the pink v3 in europe. we also supply amazon in europe.granted our networks are further ahed in there sophistication than your own so we get stuff a little quiker than the US and  i understand the phones popularity with it being a quad band phone and therefor its abilty to work across the country.i feel i should set the record straight about the v3. i agree it can make calls and is great at being pink but thats it. it is a poor phone. the camera quality is extremly poor and lack of video capture is a real let down. i have read that motorola are correcting this as part of a software fix that can be added later if your phone requires fixing. which leads me to my next fault. the phone is very unreliable but this is due to the massive volumes motorola is producing. i alsop find motorola's menu infuriating and very unfriendly compared to Nokia or Sony Ericsson which are far easier to pick up.the new version of the phone, the v3i is still not as good as other brands leading handsets such as the incredible sony ericsson w800i, the nokia n70 or the samsung d600. all with 2.0 million pixel camera's, expandable memory and amazing other features. the nearest motorola has come to making the V3 respectable is the new V3X the 3G version.in summary i am amazed at the popularity of this phone in the US as sale's of the phone are driven by its looks alone and not fatures. however if you really love it and want to get something for the man in your life look out for the light blue version that goes on sale this week in the UK and will probably be out soon in the US.

My wife loves this phone. We found a package deal in Ebay which included the matching bluetooth headset for less than what Amazon is selling the phone for.The recpetion rivals many of the Nokias I have used in the past. Because the phone is unlocked you have to input your carriers settings (sms, mms, internet, etc) yourself. It is a little time consuming but isn't at all difficult to complete. It's a small price to pay for having a phone your carrier hasn't basterdized.I am thinking about picking a RAZR for myself.

This order was a HUGE mistake.  Would have verified.details if I truly meant to order.  NOT as. Described.  NOt compatible with my plan.  STUCK BECAUSE LITTLE DID I KNOW IT WAS COMING FROM PANAMA.  It wasn't even the color stated. Black is not the new "magenta" to my knowledge.  In the picture I was viewing it looked red.  Now I have to try and sell it.  It would cost too much to return it.  Very disappointed and dissatisfied.  Seller said "was as described" I had typed in cell phone U.S. cellular and this phone popped up...and seriously how is "black" MAGENTA?

When I received this phone it was obvious that it was from overseas, the wall adapter that should've allowed it to charge didn't work. For the most part the phone seemed to work but it wouldn't send pictures or receive pictures. I took it to a retailer and spoke to AT&T Customer Service who were unable to figure out what the issue could be. I ended up ditching the phone. What a waste of $$$$....

I bought this one because i miss the old slim fones and bored of the big tablets and phablets of noawadays but i regret wasting money on this product because refurbished can never be as good as new or even close to it: many functions not working, buttons jammed, speakers damaged,,etc

If you're looking for a quality phone to make phone calls and send text messages with the flexibility of choosing the GSM provider of your choice, this is a good phone.If you want a phone that plays music and videos, go elsewhere.  The box only had the phone and a charger.  There was no USB cord for connecting to a computer to transfer media.  You have to buy the program Motorola Phone Tools for ~$50.00 in order to get music and other media onto the phone.  And the only input is a micro USB jack.  There is no 1/8" headphone jack.

I recently got this phone for Christmas. I love the outside soo much because it is Hot pink and very versatile. The keypad is very cool seeing as it is just like a touch pad. Now the frequent problems i have had with this phone is: 1) It is unable to charge sometimes and i have to take out the battery 2)Its Memory is terrible! for the 2 weeks ive had it now its memory is full 3) its battery lasts for a very short time and you must charge it EVERY night. Now my review is not intitled to disincourage you to buy the phone but if u do you must suffer the consequences. Oh and 1 more reason EVERYONE has it.

I bought this phone and after a few months it went dead!  Motorola would not honor the warranty because they claim these unlocked phones are not made for use in the US.  I have also written to Amazon.com, but no response! DO NOT BUY THESE PHONES...NO WARRANTY!

I just bought my Motorola pink Razr phone 2 days ago.  It is pretty in color, and the keypad is awesome.  The picture taking quality seems pretty good.But I haven't been able to do anything else. Here are the problems with the first phone:1. exterior camera did not work 2. the screen was blank with a vertical or horizontal line running through it.3. the image on the interior screen was upside down. 4. The digital data and imagery jumbled together  and it looked like digital vomit on the screen. 5. 2 hours into using my new phone...the phone died. After charging for 4 hours, I discovered the phone felt red-hot.  I unplugged the phone only to discover it did not accept a charge. T-mobile thought for sure I had the 1 in a million truly defective phone.  So I got an exact replacement. I am unable to set up options.  The camera does not work at all and is causing the image on the screen to repeat-blank white to white with the date and battery charge indicator to the blue T-mobile screen saver to black and repeats.  I can do nothing with this new phone.  I really really want this pink phone, but so far...I am not impressed.  Is is really possible to receive the two brand new defective phones within 24 hours of each other?

the service of the OEM shop is wonderful they always are doing the best to please they costumer I,m very happy the way they treat me I will buy again from this company thankyou very much and god bless you all

Never drop this phone, sit on it, lean on it, or put your keys in the same pocket. Seems obvious, but this phone is fragile. Ive dropped my plastic Nokia phone dozens of times in the past 3 years and never a problem. But the externeal screen on the RAZR Phone will easily crack, and may kill the phone or fry the battery. Both myself and a friends killed our phones. I broke the Razar with my keys in the same pocket. I thought the phone would be fine with just a cracked screen, however this killed the whole phone. The next day I noticed the battery would no longer hold a charge. If I remember crrectly my friend dropped his which also cracked the outer screen which also killed his phone, but via a failure of the of the internal screen which was undamaged. Other then it being so fragile, it was an Ok phone. Quite thin which is nice in your pocket and a decent touch pad too.

I was disappointed with this phone because it has such a short battery life. It needs to be recharged every 4 hours !!!

Bought this phone for my girlfriend for her birthday on November 30, 2008. Phone makes a faint buzzing noise when opened and will not cease and is quite annoying. Also her texts do not work properly, the time stamp is often incorrect and sometimes she doesn't receive the text message until hours later. I am now having to purchase a brand new phone and thought I would let everyone know my experience. Would not recommend this item to anyone.

No SIM card included and the back does not stay on. It appears to belong to a different phone. We have not used it yet.

My husband bought the phone for our daughter (texting is a big deal).  It looked like a real RAZR, but soon the differences started appearing.  The time stamp was wrong.  Changes to settings could not be made.  And the phone texted in CHINESE!  We called Motorola, and they said the model number and serial number was not one of theirs (back of phone said "China Mobile").  The plug was an international plug, useless in the U.S. Fortunately, Amazon was vey good about helping us return the phone (hence 2 stars instead of 1).

Well, It arrived in a timely matter, Faster than I anticipated, which is Outstanding and the 1 main reason why it's a 5 star so far. Put the battery in and it turns on, which is the other reason. The phone is for my Mom and I will update it after a month to report on how it holds up. So far I am happy, which is about all you can ask for.**Update**After getting to my Mom and putting in the T-Mobile Sim card, all is working well for right now. Works like a charm my Mom says and if Mom is happy then so am I. Will update again in Feb. Thanks...***Update*** 2-4-13Still working and call clarity is excellent. No complaints as of yet. Hope this helps.*****Update***** 7-21-13Okay the Phone is still working, no complaints from my Mom, so you know that's gotta mean something. Never misses a beat, I hear just fine and she hears me just fine.*******Update********11-6-13The phone is going strong. I can hear my mom just fine. She's making phone calls. The sound is excellent. All the buttons are working. Texting is perfect, able to send and receive.

This phone is really awesome to look at, but just ok after that.  There are still a lot of glitches in it.  Some of the problems that I've had with it is it being very temperature tempermental and if it is left in a car to charge during the day while I run into a store or if I'm at home, it will not work for about 3 days.  Granted I live in AZ and it can get pretty hot in a locked vehicle.  I found that out the hard way.  There are times that the phone won't ring at all...and a call will go straight to voicemail (I could possibly blame that on Cingulair).  Also, there have been many times where I have plugged it in to charge, and the phone won't register that it's plugged in.  After 10 (overnight) hours of being plugged in to charge the phone will still register as dead battery.  There have also been times when the phone is not plugged in at all...but it will say 'charging battery' on the screen.  Those are not user errors!!!  I do really like the large color screen on the inside.  It does get dirty really easily though.  I am constantly cleaning both the screen and the numbers cause my makeup will rub onto it and it really holds onto fingerprints.  I live the camera feature.  Not the best quality of pictures, but still fun to have as an option.Also...I've dropped this phone several different times.  I really didn't expect it to work anymore after the first fall, especially after reading all the warnings about how fragile it is....but after taking the battery out and putting it back in, it worked just fine.  It's actually a little tougher than it looks.  It looks hot in pink, but I wouldn't buy it again!!

This item was sold as NEW. The phone ONLY works while plugged in to an outlet. The screen does NOT register the fact that there is a battery installed. It completed 2 phone calls abroad. It was purchased and immediately sent to Spain, where my daughter is at school. We talked on it twice. It has not held a charge or shown a battery present since. Tried different battery - which was also sold as NEW from a different seller, that didn't work either.-My original feed back was pulled as it was stated it was a not a reflection of the seller, I feel deceived by the SELLER because the product did not live up to expectation.-I purchased this phone because we had RAZR's in the past.  They were excellent units and performed perfectly.

This is a great phone. The best reception I've ever had.  It looks good and works just as well.  I got it for my friend and she loves it!

the phone was good i wil recomment this phone to a friend n family simple phone that came with lots of accessories

The RAZR is just a basic old dinosaur phone that is so durable and practical.It's like an old tractor, or a favorite shirt.This living fossil, just keeps going, and going and going.....

was reading other reviews, and many people are idiots. most of them have a RAZR, but probably not this version. the black or silver one perhaps. the pink'ness of this phone makes is worthwhile.this is the third version, which is the best of all RAZR's. some guy said, want an mp3 player, buy an mp3 player. want a camera buy a camera...etc. well, this handy object has all, not to be the best but to be somewhat a toy. if you buy it for those features, you're stupid. buy it as a phone and see everything else as an extra. i have this pone, an iPod and a digital camera.i love this phone. it's a motorola so it's sturdy. drop it and you're ok, not like a nokia phone. i used to have a nokia phone, and i love nokia because it's so easy to use, but this pink phone was too cute to let up.this hot pink phone is of the "bratty" variety. that's it's unique selling point. don't get me wrong, it's a good phone too...but you can find a cheaper one out there if you don't care what your phone looks like.

Was not unlocked like they said and would not work with Verizon service! I paid $50 for a play phone for my 3 year old

i.m not into smart phones. but the look an style of my hot pink motorola raver 3 is awesome. as is the hard clear case i ordered seperatly. at a very low price

Normally I'd only rate this phone about a 4/5, because some things (like the internal 5mb of memory) could be alot better. Nonetheless, a couple people have rated the phone really low because of errors on their part! Either way, the phone's amazing. I get ok (40%) reception with it even in the subway system of Toronto, that's good considering it's the first phone to sense any network. It's sleek, sexy, has great battery life and uses USB mini jack for accessories, great for cheap DIY projects (led lights, laser pointers, headphones, chargers, battery packs etc.)If you can get this for a great deal (99 dollars w/ a 3 yr plan from Rogers) then go for the phone, but don't buy it alone, the pricetag just doesn't match the features.

As this was a gift for my girlfriend who lives in South America, this phone seems to be great choice. It can be used anywhere in the world that is another good quality as you receive USA and international charger with it. Everything works great and she is so happy there are many options in it ( and a lot of memory for your video clips or photos).Hopefully, it will last for a long time. I can suggest this for any gift for your wife or girlfriend or fiance because it is a great cell phone for cheap price!

I HATE WHEN BUSINESSES/PEOPLE CHEAT CONSUMERS FOR MONEY. I WANTED TO SEND THREE UNLOCKED PHONES TO MY FAMILY IN HOME COUNTRY. I PAID 50% MORE MONEY FOR EXPEDITED SHIPPING. AND MY PARENTS SAID THESE PHONES ARE LOCKED AND WE NEED TO PAY AGAIN FOR UNLOCKING.I AM SURPRISED EVEN AMAZON DOES NOT CARE ABOUT CONSUMERS AND MERELY ALLOWS ANYBODY TO SELL A SHODDY PRODUCT FOR A COMMISSION.DO NOT BUY UNLOCKED PHONES ON AMAZON !!!!!!

This phone was a mistake to order! It would not charge, and my phone company could not activate the internet. Bought a different charger, still would not charge. Waste of my money.

The worst purchase i made. Bring simulated camera which did not have. The entire operating system is damaged. I bought a new phone and sent me a refurbished and armed. I lost my money.Do not waste your money with these scammers

we vary up set with this phone.yes no warranty they say it unlocked it wasnt cant use it is trash. we where hoping it would work dont like the smart phones  motorola razr v3

I've had this phone for about a year and a half and it's great.  I even inadvertently ran it through the entire wash cycle and it still works!  Not one function lost.  I'll probably get another one.

The phone although in pretty good condition is obviously used, the keypad shows a lot of wear and tear and the battery cover is a different color than the rest of the phone.  Bought this from Adorama Camera.

I had an Iphone and hated it. I am so glad I went back to a good ole reliable flip phone. My Razr works great and I love the color!

Never allow your Razr to be near fog, light steam or anything that allows it to obtain any type of water. I do not mean, swimmng or dropping in tub. My Girl spoke on the thing for 45 seconds in a steamy bathroom out of the shower and the new thing is now junk. I buy and sell wholesale items for a living and Razr's are now off my list of items forever. Plus the price is never going to drop for unlocked basic models. Samsung & of course LG is all I will now buy and sell.

I am a cingular customer and was totally bummed when I found out that I couldn't get this awesome phone from my provider. A lot of people online have been questioning why someone would get a phone from here for so much money when you can get one from T mobile stores, but if you are not a T mobile customer you need an UNLOCKED version of the phone to use it. All I had to do was put my old sim card in it and it worked! I have not experienced any problems at all with my phone so far. It works great and it is beautiful. It works great as a phone and the camera and video opions are fun. It also comes with software and a cable that connects to your computer so you can transfer songs and pictures to you cell, which is awesome. You can take any song and make it your ringtone for free! I would like to say that a lot of people complain that this phone isn't a great camera, mp3 player, etc...but those things are just for fun extras. Buy a digital camera or an i pod if you want all that! If you like style and pink this is the phone for you! The only complaint I have is that it took almost a month to arrive!

Have had this phone five months and have replace 3 batteries and used to chargers and it will not stay charged more than three days.  I love Razr phones but this one has just about changed my nind.

I've had this phone for a whopping 2 months now.Initially, the only problem I had was the typical 'sim card not lining up properly' once in a while issue, but that's pretty classic for most Razr's from what I understand.Now, for the last month, it's stopped ringing, and sometimes stops vibrating as well....Did I forget to mention that there's apparently no way to assign it to accept or send picture messages, because the server settings do not have a "SAVE" button?I know you're thinking, "But the phone's cute, it's pink! and it's SO affordable!"Please don't waste your time or money. Move along. Nothing to see here.

This is my second Razor and I hope this phone will never be discontinued.  I like that the screen is big and I can hold it and dial in the same hand.

I live in the UK and have recently - last few months - purchased two separate pink v3's.  To start with i loved it - gorgeous exterior and the large colour screen was gr8.  Also compared to my last motorola the photo quality was good.  All the extra features didn't bother me since i don't use them, all i needed it for was calling and txting - so it would be good if i could get my phone to stay turned on!!Yes - I'd barely had the phone two weeks and the phone started to turn itself off!  Not only this but the screen would every so often show a blank white screen.  Furthermore, when making a call every time i bent over the signal would die.Now you may think that ok she's just got a defective phone but as i mentioned earlier this is my second phone.  Loving the look and convinced it was just that one, i purchased another one from the only store in the uk that sells them.  And again, not two weeks into to having the phone the SAME problems have occured!  You can't tell me that its just a one chance defective phone now - not when the same problems have happened!Plus having recently been into a phone store to ask about repairs i found out that there have been some MAJOR software problems with the v3's!  I am now stuck with a phone i can't use and one i can't replace since i'm down under for 6 months!  Also stuck with dilema of which phone i should get now - i just love the colour and look!So to sum up, by all means buy the phone if all you care about is the colour and look!  Buy it if you want a phone that turns itself off and then wouldn't turn back on again unless you fiddle with the battery!  And finally buy the f**king phone if all you're going to do is look at how pretty it is!Note - the two stars are purely for the look and colour!

These phones suck! My husband and I both have one. We only got them because they were free. The battery constantly dies, you have to charge them every day. I barely use mine so I know it's not dying because of use. I take very good care of my phone and the plastic that covers the keys is peeling off and tends to catch make up and dead skin, nasty! I will never even consider getting one of these again.

Sam as new

This phone is the perfect union of form and function. It's absolutely tiny, the screens are very clear, the camera works as well as any flashless VGA camera does, and the Bluetooth features are super useful.Some things that make it so cool:- The phonebook and calendar synch wirelessly with the addressbook and calendar on my laptop (a Mac!).- I don't pay to download fancy ringtones; I just transfer MP3s straight to my phone and use them instead.- It's got a mini-USB port for charging, hands-free wired headsets, and wired data transfer (not some proprietary connector like other phones).- It's super light.- It's pink.

This phone is awesome.  I have only had it for about a month, but I have enjoyed it from day one.  I can truly say that it was worth every penny. My screen did flicker on me one day, put all technology isn't perfect.  I recommend that you definitely go out and buy this phone.

I was very pleased with this phone and I was happy it came with an adapter for US electric outlets, but I wish it would have come a couple days sooner.

I bought this phone to replace a black RAZR which quit operating.  I really liked my RAZR and thought this one would have the same features, but it did not.  Maybe it's because it was the international version?  I don't know, but I DESPISE the way it handles multiple entries in the address book/contact list.  My previous RAZR would group all the phone numbers for one person in one entry and a quick navigation to the right would access additional phone numbers for that person.  When THIS phone sets up a second phone number for a person, it makes a completely new entry, so if one person has 5 different phone or fax numbers, their name shows up in the phone list FIVE TIMES! Also, when navigating to a person's name in the contact list, I used to be able to start spelling out their name and it would take me right to them.  On this phone, it only allows me to enter the FIRST letter of their name, and then I have to use navigation to scroll down through the complete list of people who's name starts with that letter -- A COMPLETE waste of time, especially when trying to shoot off a quick text message!  This item came with a VERY small and worthless instruction manual compared to what has shipped with all previous Motorola phones I have owned.  In short, I liked the older version of this phone MUCH better - don't be swayed by the cute color!

It can break like any other phone. It's thinner & lighter than any other phone. Obviously it won't be able to withstand what a bulkier phone can. If you treat it with care then you'll be fine. If you're not willing to do that, then don't buy the phone.

I had read all the reviews AFTER i had already purchased this phone and there was a lot of bad reviews so it kinda scared me, but i got mine and it works great, i can hear great, the ring tones are clear, it takes good pics. and its cute! ive had absolutely no problems. The ONLY thing is that the screens get dirty fast especially if you wear makeup.

Cons1. camera color balance is AWFUL. Everything has a bluish purple cast. (motorola blue flip phone camera was good)2. phone randomly shuts down (learned that this is a software problem admitted by tmobile-hey ever thought of FIXING THIS?)3. software interface is TEDIOUS. Take 5 steps backwards to move 1 step is the best way to describe it.4. dropping it (on carpeting) is fun-we all drop them right? the only way to turn it back on is to plug in the charger. try that when you're out and about.5. don't bother with "pay as you go". if you send a picture to another phone on the same account with t-mobile, they run you throuh a sign up here at this website to view the picture (you'll use extra extra minutes on the web)6. GRRRRRRR The phone randomly shuts down --twice while trying to type this review. JUNK JUNK JUNK7. the exterior screen (good idea but cruddy execution) doesn't work all the timePros (stretching to come up with them)1. exterior screen - shows time, battery charge, picture. Lets you close the phone while using the camera.2. basically a pro is that it's a cellphone3. the pink doesn't scratch off easily4. it's pretty slim for the pocketIf my friend asked me if they should get a motorola phone I'd steer them very clear of it.

Gorgeous phone. Ordered one for my wife. After 2 weeks the display started to look "overexposed" until it was no longer readable. Returned it to Amazon. Super smooth customer service. But...the phone I received as a replacement (asked for one instead of refund) was clearly a refurbished one. This second phone started to create clicking sounds which came from the speaker and later, again, the display started to look washed out like the first one. This happens gradually so it is not a wrong setting.Very, very disappointed in this product. So contradictionary to the reputation of Motorola. Avoid this phone.

I had to return the phone because some of the keys didn't work and after 2 hours it wouldn't turn on even though it was fully charged. Item was returned for full credit.

I bought the pink motorola razor 2 months ago. About 2 weeks after I bought the phone it started locking up.  The keypad would not work. Powering the phone off did not work.  I took the phone back to the T-mobile store and was told I had to contact Motorola.  The next day it started working again.  It had intermittant lock ups, and made beeping noises on it's own.  3 days ago, it locked up and is still not working.  I had to buy a new phone.  Motorola nor T-Mobile would replace it.  Both say it has to have been dropped or has water damage, and neither of these is the case.Lesson learned, not everything that is pretty on the outside is pretty on the inside.  Save your money, get a better quality phone.

I'm truly happy with this phone. I currently live in Paris and the very day I saw it in one of the very few shops that sell it in France I bullied my hubby until he caved in and bought it for me two days later. I've had everything: Nokia, Sony Ericsson, Sagem and a couple of other european brands...and motorola is by far my favorite at everything: the browsing features, the way the addy book works, the button positioning, the ringtones,........ plus I love that it's pink.I haven't dropped it yet (and hopefully I never will) but everything else that has been cited concerning the features doesn't seem to bug me... I didn't buy this phone for its camera nor to have MP3s on it or anything else of the sort (for that I have a digital camera, a palm, a mini iPod -and a pink one I might add)... I bought the Razr to use it as... a phone! And as such it works perfectly well... and did I mention it's PINK???Basically I love it! Everytime I pull it out of my purse people turn to look at me and everyone has commented on how cute it is.... and now, by reading how big it is in the states it only confirms that I made the right choice. AND IT'S PINK, HOW COOL IS THAT???

I purchased this Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone (with Camera, and Video Player--International Version in Magenta Pink) it arrived within the time stated. I had it a day, took it to T-Mobile because upon putting in my Sim card it "seemed" like it was right out of the Motorola Factory. NONE of my information was there and it HAD to be brought into T-Mobile so they could transfer my Contacts & Photos, which was fine.My issue with this phone is that it actually had TYPO'S PROGRAMMED into it's Display! For instance when I was Personalizing my phone... THIS particular Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone was PROGRAMED to spell the word "PERSONALIZE" as "PersonaliSe" with an "S" instead of a "Z" !?Then in the Recent Calls Category where it states: "DIALED" Calls again THIS particular Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone was PROGRAMED to spell this word as "DialLed" with TWO "L's"?Who let's a PRODUCT out for the Mass Market with such BLATANT issues? I work in Consumer Products, that is a HUGE No-No and one that I suspect was made ONLY because there was no QC, because perhaps this phone was NOT made by Motorola? Who knows? Because I did actually call and speak with Motorola whom tried to help with this issue by doing a "Master RESET" to NO AVAIL. Also before I sent it back (what Motorola suggested since it's NOT under any warranty BUT was in the RETURN policy for Amazon) I also did a "MASTER CLEAR" but alas the issues were STILL there!This is about my 3rd Motorola RAZR V3, never have I had anything remotely like this happen before and I hadn't realized you CAN still purchase these WITH warranties --which is what I did NOW!

I think this is a great phone! I've never had any problem with this phone; speaker is great, volumes easily adjust, picture quality is fantastic and battery lasts for a long period of time! Definitely a reliable phone!

This is a very pretty phone and works great!  It's easy to use and fairly easy to change SIM cards especially if you're traveling overseas.

i got the phone and i went to Verizon to have them hook it up but because i have a prepayed plan and the phone said i need a sim card i could NOT use this phone so if you get this phone check first dont listen when people say yah you can use it with Verizon NO you cant bad phone for someone on a prepay plan

It's alright. I dropped it the day i bought it and it broke. luckily they gave me another phone for free.

This has to be one of the best mobile phones that Motorola has produced. I have owned several Motorola phones(not to mention other brands) and Motorola is my favorite. Battery life is great!

The Moto RAZR V3 represents an assault on your vision.At first impression, you are struck with its bold magenta color and slim profile.  Surely this can't be a phone!  Once you get it open, you are taken by the intensity of its huge main screen and the clean curvy lines of its backlit keypad.Before the "ooh" factor has worn off, take a tour of its features and you will be blown away.  Motorola didn't skimp on the technology in this model.And oh yeah...  the camera is decent too.  For a phone that comes in a camera.

Everything I expected - - new, complete, worked well straight out of the box.  Very quick delivery.  No complaints

The phone works fine but the battery is TERRIBLE!!!!!!  I would have it fully charged before bed, and before the next morning it would be dead. I would have to charge it 5-6 times a day and who has time to do that.  I thought it might just be the one I had so I told Amazon and they sent me another...nope, same exact thing happened, the battery wouldn't last 3 hours (and that's with me not even talking on it). I even tried my old razr battery because it works fine and it did the same thing so it was just those phones. Do not get it, it's a waste of your time!

PROS : Sleek and trendy. Fits well into pants pockets without adding a bulge to your side. Good quality camera for a phone. All the features are easily accessible. Excellent sound quality. This is the first phone I have ever had that has an effective voice dial system and predictive text writing feature for text messages. Excellent reception (with T-Mobile). Large memory capacity. Easily attached via USB to computers (you can transfer ringtones, pictures, etc.). Lots of accessories have been made for this phone and they are easy to purchase.CONS : The screen is not easy to see when you are in the sun. My battery life seemed to get shorter quickly. The manual doesn't cover much.

I ordered the Pink RAZR phone knowing that it would be, just that, a phone. I didn't have any big expectations for cool features, I figured the large price tag was just what you have to pay for style. When I got the phone, I was pleasantly surprised at some of the features, and disappointed with a few flaws.The biggest feature of this phone is undoubtedly the fact that it's pink, svelte, and beautiful. I get tons of compliments on it from just about everyone who sees it. In addition to that, however, I did find that as far as camera phones go, the RAZR's camera was pretty decent. I was also pleasantly surprised at how large and bright the LCD was. My favorite feature, though, is the mobile phone tools software that comes with the phone that allows you to use segments of mp3 files as ringers, which saved me a lot of money (I usually buy them online) and enabled me to use whatever I want as a ringer. You can also upload pictures using the software, which was pretty useful and made for some cute wallpaper. More or less, it provided me with the style I wanted, and more features than I expected.Despite the fact that it was a great phone to begin with, I started having problems about three weeks into owning it. I would turn the phone on, and it would randomly dial numbers and then shut itself off. I thought perhaps I had dropped it or gotten it wet, but upon investigation, I found no sign that I had damaged it and had no knowledge of any accidents involving the phone. I was very worried that I'd just spent over 300 dollars on what would now be a very stylish paperweight, but I called Amazon's customer service and a very nice representative shipped me a replacement phone and labels to send my defective unit back with. I got the new phone, and everything has been going great so far, so I would just assume I got a defective phone to begin with. The only other flaw I can find with the RAZR is that it doesn't have great battery life, however, this isn't a huge issue, it just needs to be charged every day or two-- especially if you're constantly taking on it like I am.Overall, it is a great phone and more than I expected it to be. Amazon also went above and beyond my expectations to get my phone replaced as quickly as possible, and I am a very satsified customer. Plus, out of all the different phones I've had (probably 10 or more including other motorolas, nokias, samsung, etc.) this is by far my favorite.

Hello, I just wanted to let everyone about the 5 starr customer service of this product.  They customer service team allowed me to returned this phone even though the policy stated other wise.  Thanks for your understanding and excellent customer service.Marjorie

When I added this to cart to check out, Adorama Camera charged me $16 for expedited shipping and not the advertised $7.95 for Standard shipping. I was lucky I checked the numbers before placing the order.

I bought this unlocked phone for my wife whose phone broke after the warranty expired. I wanted to get a cheap replacement for her until her upgrade was available. The first phone we received was not unlocked and had to be sent back. The customer serviceperson was great. They sent us another phone and a free leather motorolla case. This other phone works on AT&T networks, but many of the features are hardwired just for T-mobile. It is not very user friendly. Get it for a cheap phone, but not for something you want to use for texting or web.

The phone is cool to look at and thats about it!. The screen is a nice size but the picture quality is awful. The zoom feature is nice but the pictures are still grainy even when totally still and at close range.  What pisses me off the most is that you can not down load your pictures from the phone without buying even more crap from Motorola.  When I got the phone, right away I took a bunch of pictures. When I got home I tried to download them from the phone with no success (no, I didn't read the manual very well the first day!). After literally 4 hours of BS on the phone and internet with Motorola Hildago support, they finally told me I had to spend another $35+ for the "special software" to download pictures (they didn't even know this when I first called so I wasted 4 hrs for nothing). Oh, and you need "Their special cord" or it wont work.  I tried 4 other cords and sure enough, the phone wont even register that they are plugged in. Tried the special Motorola cord and the phone finds the cord here and there but not all of the time. The company says the phone is not broken as the charger cords work but after almost 8 more hours of support calls to their "tech support people", they still can't figure it out so the pictures are stuck in the stupid phone and thats where they'll stay!  (the bluetooth transfer also has problems that tech support can't figure out) Also, for the price of this phone, the over priced software should come as part of the package!!! My husband has the Treo and he can just plug his memory card into the card reader to retrieve pictures. No additional cost!!!!  The reception quality is also nothing near what my previous Motorola flip had!(yes it was old but worked so well I wouldn't trade it until it died). Also with the Razr, If you don't have your ear in just the right place, you wont really hear your caller! The speaker phone is worthless while driving as the smallest bit of road noise makes it so your caller can't hear you!Besides the cool looks, this phone has nothing special to offer!!!

This is a really pretty, cool phone. Sadly it doesn't work with my service. But that's my fault, I didn't read all the details. Vendor was super nice.

I had one of these before from at&t,& loved it,but I wore it out.now they donot have any great phones.when I saw this one I had to have it.received it & just put my sims card from other phone and it works fine.

Seemed fine on delivery and worked for a week or so.  Then it started switching off even with a full charge, wouldn't take/hold a charge, and the battery door doesn't engage properly.  To get it to charge you have to stand on your head and hold the plug in just the right way, right angle, right depth - VERY finicky.  Even then it might not charge and if it DOES charge it may not turn on or even STAY on.Short version -- it's a pink paperweight; nothing more.

the phone was supposed to be magenta pink and i got just a pink phone not magenta i ordered a magenta pink phone because it was a replacement phone for the one that was stolen from me that my kids had bought me for mothers day so im displeased with this order and dont have time to ship back and wait  for another i wont be using amazon again!!!!!if you look at the add it specifies magenta pink!

Stylish AND works great!  What a concept.  The clarity and reception on this phone really blows me away.  I can actually hear the conversation when driving in the car!The price is high and I recommend getting a case.  Amazon lists it as coming with a leather case, but I did not receive one. (**update: Amazon did in fact send me a case for the phone after I inquired about it.  It didn't fit though.  I ended up paying almost 30.00 for one at the Cingular store.) As of yet, they have not got back to me regarding that matter.  A little deceptive about what comes with it, (cases are expensive) but it does not take anything from the phone itself.I love it!(UPDATE*** Also, now that I have had the phone for a while, I wanted to state that some people have stated the battery life isn't good with this phone.  I have had NO problems at all and today is #5 that it hasn't been on the charger.)

Not the fault of the seller, but this phone does not seem to have the quality of my old RAZR, which I used for several years before losing it. For one thing, it keeps dropping the bluetooth connection in my car, which is very annoying when you are making a call, especially in my state where making calls with a handheld phone while driving is illegal. The old RAZR rarely did this. I have to hang up, usually power down the phone and power up again in order to reconnect.Besides that, the battery runs down really quickly with no warning. One minute it looks fully charged according to the display, and the next minute it goes totally dead.

had to get at least one more, in case they stop making them being Motorola laid off a bunch of people too!! and said they will be cutting back on a lot of there products which is a shame!! because they always worked so well and lasted so long!! All the NFL,,,our service vehicles- police, fire, & State vehicles all had them. Love it and the color!!! just wish they would come out with one that has the SD card for more video and pictures, besides the Droid which I am sure is cool too just don't need all that and not paying the big bucks for it or a contract phone. For  me it is way cheaper going pre-paid/ go phone saves over $500.00+ a year!!! love it! more money for other things I need or bills to pay!!

I've had a Razr since it came out and it's the best phone I have ever used. The sound quality of every call is amazing, even if the phone has little service (which is rare with cingluar in Atlanta). It's almost hard to describe, but after a while it seems to sink in and become even better. Also (responding to the previous statement)"Geez I wonder why people from other countries think that we are sooo materialistic" - The phones were in the UK long before they ever came here so all those people "over there" had the WAY before we knew what a Razr was."I wonder how many needy people that money could have helped feed or clothed right Buffy" - So what you think your $20 that you send to green peace every year helps out so much more than not spending $200 on a phone...how about attacking Bugatti (a car maker) for making a $1,350,000 car, or the people that spend $20+ mill for a house no matter what you say its never going to stop and 200 bucks on a phone is NOT taking place of feeding the poor especially when a phone has become such a mandatory item in American culture."You people agree that the phone basically sucks but oh don't buy it because it can only be used to talk and nothing else but by all means buy it because it's a pretty piece of junk" - I got one when it first came out...accidents happen and it got broken, because I liked the phone so much I bought another one. Right now I'm on my 3rd Razr and I will never own a different phone just because of how nice, simple, easy to use, clear, and yes its looks (I have a black one). So since you made the wonderful comment of feeding the poor lets see you donate the 200 bucks to feeding them...

The first phone I received was obviously a used or refurbished phone.  The manual was dogeared and the phone had signs of wear & tear.  The phone's speaker volume was poor.  So I sent it back.  The second phone was functional, but the manual was for another phone.  The packaging was very worn and the cord had obviously been used.  I kept the phone since it worked, but this product is well below the typical amazon quality that I expect.

I had purchased a Magenta RAZR that was magenta and red/the battery wouldn't hold a charge/there was a humming noise/quick notes were in dutch?? and there were spelling errors. I contacted Ace Digital regarding these issues and they sent me an email the next business day with a prepaid shipping label to return this product for a refund. I was refunded $165.60, out of the $190 that I paid for it. I assume that I was charged a restocking fee? However, I am very pleased that they responded so quickly and gave me a refund. I was very disappointed when I received the phone, but they have redeemed themselves by honoring my return/refund. Thank you Ace Digital.

The moment T-Mobile came out with this Razr I knew I had to have it, luckily my fiance was 2 step's ahead of me and got it for my birthday gift, it's one pricey phone, but I gotta say I could not be happier with it. The Magenta color is vibrant, and absolutely beautiful. I have had no problem's with the phone or any of it's function's. It did take some getting used to the slim yet wide feel of it for a while, but other then that it's perfect and I would highly recommend!

Oh sure these phones look good and have neat qualities, but  the damn things cut out when you are talking,. hold no charge at all etc etc.They have been recalled for this reason. I suggest anyonme that buys cell phones avoid buying Motorola. Every phone we have purchased from them SUCKS!

I had to replace my other razr because it fell in the toilet.  so i ordered this unlocked phone, it came in a few days, which was really great.  the phone does the job, unfortunately, it didn't take the previous SIM card, but that may have been my fault mishandling the sim card, or the sim card was damaged anyway, what with getting in the toilet.  the only complaint i have about this phone is that it doesn't really accept text messages, maybe that is an issue with the plan i have.  the battery life isn't great, it starts beeping low battery after about 2.5 hours of talk time.the color is briliant.

This is a great phone,definetely a hot phone for any diva in you--however, unlocked doesn't mean its used for everyone. Verizon will not activate this phone, been there done that. Just hope they come out with their  own magenta razr soon.

Yes, The phone is small, adorable, rings cool tunes and we know the rest. My difficulty has been with voice mail.  The phone is "unlocked" but is set up for T-mobile since they are the ones who actually market the pink version.  My voice mail works about 50% of the time and I get a note telling me that I missed a call.  I emailed Motorola and they said that the phone is "flashed" to T-mobile and there is actually nothing they can do and no software to fix it.  So beware of "unlocked" phones.

This product is cool, I particularly am a fan of Moto Razr. Bought this item as unlocked and I am not pleased with the programs that was left in, like the graphics and ringtones, wasn't much, I was expecting fully loaded stuff, but it's okay, I could downloads stuff.It takes great pix and it's got lots of room and potentials. But other than that,this product is as explained and best of all the price is right."awesome!!

this product was for my mom.  it is exactly what she needed and delivered 100% satisfaction!  Great deal!!!

Have tried lots of phones and this is the best I've had. Not only for the color, but also the slim profile allows me to put it in my back pocket and never miss a call like I did when my old bulky phone was in my purse. Sound quality is better than my last Nokia 6600, on both the receiving and talking end. People say they can hear me better now. Highly recommend for function and style.No downsides to this phone that I can see yet, as of 2 months of use.

Wished I could have kept this phone for my daughter, but it was the wrong carrier and she couldn't use it. The phone was in excellent condition and was priced right! Had to send it back, but had no trouble getting my money back! Thank you!

we just upgraded to 3 new razr v3 phones 2 pink and one black.the reception is awful.we always have to redial a second time before the static goes away.once it is connected none of us can hear what are callers are saying, the speaker sucks and there does't seem to be anyway to turn it up to level that one con comfortly say i hear you now.we plan to return them

I give this phone 5 stars...because it is so pretty!  I am a girly girl...so I love that Motorola has made a PINK one.  I dropped in once...and the front screen cracked.  I wasn't being very careful!  I am such a klutz.  I got a case for it so that it is protected in my cute little Louis Vuitton purse.  I really enjoy this phone because it is nice and compact...and has a big screen.  I recommend this phone for all the fashionistas out there.  If you are like the girls from Sex and the City...then this phone is for you.

I ordered the item and it was shipped in a timely mannor. Upon recieving it I put it into service immediatly and had no problems. It worked perfectly for about 3 weeks then malfuntcioned. I hesitated to contact the seller as it was very clear at purchase that there was no warrenty. As the selling price was so low I fully understood no warrenty.I did contact the seller hoping they would at least offer to repair it for a price.They ask me to send it back and they replaced it at no cost but shipping it back. I was totally knocked out, what a deal all around.I cannot say enough good things about the product and the service.

I purchased a (RED) Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Quad phone and paid SEVENTY DOLLARS or more.  This is supposed to be a NEW phone.  This phone has the following problems:  1) Cannot hear person speaking, 2) When you scroll down letters A-Z in the Phonebook, and hit ex. Le, this phone goes back to the beginning of the Phonebook.  You can only choose L, then you have to scroll down all the L's, to get to the right person.  3)  This phone is not holding its battery.  Although it is a NEW phone that is charged all night, and has a NEW battery, it loses its battery during the day hours. 4) When texting, you have to hit letter and select, which actually takes too much time.Motorola New Cell Phone thru Amazonrmmcdonald@charter.net

I just got my first picture message and it wouldn't download. A half hour with Cingular trying to update the software on the phone and another half hour with Motorola and I found out that you can't have any "browsing" features on the Cingular network with the phone I was sold. That means no picture messages.Voice calls and SMS work fine, however. I think for $400 the phone might do a little more.

I just received this phone today and I have no idea how it works because the battery was completely dead and would not take a charge. I charged it for almost ten hours and it was displayed on the screen that it was charging yet it did nothing. I'm going to try a new battery as soon as I can get one but after reading some of the other reviews I regret buying this phone..
