
Not to repeat the shortcomings already mentioned by other reviewers, which I experienced first hand I will share my experience.  I spent hours setting up this phone, downloading ring tones, customizing call groups and speed dials.  This was this past Thurs. and Friday.  When I turned on my phone Sat. to make a call all of my contacts, which had been saved to the phone memory just vanished.  Contacts were still on SIM card. It was just all my speed dials and call group contacts were gone from the Phone memory. Where they had to be transferred to be able to use those features.  Don't know what happened and at this point I don't care.  In fact, before I returned it this morning I set up a few numbers for distinctive rings and speed dial.  Guess what!  All gone again.  Needless to say I would stay away from this phone.  If I could rate it ZERO I would.

I just received this phone as a replacement (from insurance) for my sony s710a and I could not be more disappointed with this phone.The phone would not pair up with my jabra bt250v which I could possibly live without however with the phone being in my pocket I was unable to hear it ringing with the volume on 5 (the loudest it would go, also there are no "profiles" to possibly make it louder) The actual sliding portion did feel like it "locked" into place however the top portion of the phone felt very wobbly and cheap. The phone has no flash and you have to adjust the brightness for every photo which makes it useless if your kids are doing something that is a "kodak-moment". I didn't find the phone to be user-friendly out of the box, for instance factory default is when you dial a number and close the slide it hangs up the call. this can be disabled but it was a shocker the first time.All in all, go with the w600i sony phone (that's what the insurance company is going to be sending me as yet another replacement)

After my experience with the Motorola V551, I wanted to get away from Motorola, and try something other than a flip-phone.  The phone I had before that was a Nokia bar, and I liked that, but, wanted to try a Slider.I don't think I could have picked a better phone!I love the menu system. Like my old Nokia, you remember certain options, and can quick key them by "address."  Say, for instance, you want the 4th option of the menu, then 3rd, then 5th, all you have to do is press Menu, 4,3, then 5, and you are there.I love the phone quality, and the reception (incoming) is as good as the outgoing.  My cellphone is better than any phones I have used at home, and those are on Digital Cable Phone lines.One worry I quickly fixed was a dedicated WAP / ON-LINE button.  I simply gave the WAP address an incorrect symbol (put a . where it did not belong) and it won't access the internet when I accidentally press the button.The ONLY complaint I have is that it could use 1 or 2 higher levels of volume through the earpiece.If you are looking for a great Slider, or want to try a new company because you had a bad experience with someone else (like Motorola for instance), this is a WONDERFUL phone!

Nice phone with good video and picture capture capabilities. There's nothing too fancy about. I love the mp3 player.

I have had this phone for about a week now, and I love it.  I went in with the intention of getting a RZR with iTunes, but this one was much nicer.  First, it just felt better in my hand, and I liked the slider as opposed to the flip.  The sound quality during calls is great, which is of course a standard requirement.  I love gadgets, but a cell phone should be a phone first, and then a camera, mp3 player, etc.  This fits that bill, it is an awesome phone.  On top of that, the camera and video recorders are cool, and it has bluetooth as well.  I love the way the phone feels when talking on it, and it is nice that you do not have to open the phone to answer calls.  The speakerphone has a good volume, and the smooth keys feel good on your fingers.  Also, the screen is to die for  It is very large for a phone this size, and has more colors than most cell phone screens, producing awesome picture quality.  The menus are easy to navigate, and settings are easy to find.  Also, I like that you can change what the phone does when you slide it up and down.But, nothing is perfect, so here is what I would change if I could.  First, the head phone jack is not standard, so you either have to buy their headphones or buy an adapter for regular headphones.  Secondly, the LCD stays on the entire time it is charging, I would like to see that time out (like it does on battery) to save screen life.  Thirdly, since this is an MP3 player phone, I would have like to have received the usb cable and software with the phone.  However, you have to buy this seperately.Overall, I am very happy with the phone, and I would definitely purchase it again.  It is small, stylish, full of features, and on top of that it is still built very sturdy.

Samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color LCD. This is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. The only complaint that I have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. Sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. Speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. Overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by Samsung in a compact package.

it might just be me but i'm getting sick of the razr.. it seems like everyone i know who think they're "hip" thinks they need to buy it. anyways, the samsung d807 is a nice alternative to the razr or the slvr from cingular.. i had this phone for 7 hours now and i was mostly impressed by the camera and voice dialing system.. 1.3mp is all you really need for a clear picture and a video recording function is one useful function.. but for some reason, i cant access media mall and hopefully i dont have to sign up for an online access plan.. it sucks because i can't download the ringtones i bought from the website without mediamall so i'm stuck with the default ringtones which arent too exciting.. plus the design is a bit nicer than samsung t809 in my opinion.. i think you can buy a micro sd card and store more mp3's and use it as a mp3 player but i'm not sure about that.. theres always ipod for music..anyways if you need to do more than just call people on the phone, d807 is the perfect choice..

After about three months of having this phone it started acting up and doing strange things and the battery wouldn't hold a charge for more than a day and a half. After about 5 months it started dropping all of my calls and cutting out in the middle of all of my conversations. Now after 7 months it turns on, but even in full service areas the phone will not make any calls out. I have had to revert back to my old phone which still works after 2 years unlike this phone which died after only 7 months.

Plp, Plz dont buy this phone thinkin bout goin 4 looks. This phone does look good but there are many other stylish phones. I joined cingular cauz of my gf to get m2m free but i made a terrible mistake of gettin this phone. I actually dont even know how good cingular is because of this phone. It sucks!! this phone has no service wat so ever. since the day i got it i have always had broken conversations, static and speaker of this phone sucks. The only good thing is the cool Micro sd card slot but to convert files to watch it on yr cell is the biggest pain, even worst the pic window is really small and the voice quality sucks so watchin yr fav show on yr cell while travelin is a good idea but BAD with this phone. u will be in tears!!  overall this phone seriously sucks and cingular service i m not sure yet !!

This is the phone Cingular insurance replaced my Sony Ericsson W600i phone with.  Supposedly if they can't give you the same phone (which they couldn't because the W600i has been discontinued) they're supposed to replace it with something comparable.  There's about a $150 price difference between these two phones so I'm not sure how they figure these two are comparable but oh well.Cons: the speaker is way too quiet, the proprietary data cable is not included, the clear button is too close to the down arrow, and turning the volume up or down is annoying because it rings. I also have a glitch in my phone where it sometimes rings for no reason after adjusting the volume and the only way to get it to stop is to power off the phone.Pros: looks cool, slide function is fun, easy to use, stays locked, large display, lightweight, and slim.Bottom Line:  Would I buy it?  No.

This unit has a great display and good reception (I'm in a fringe area). My only complaints are with the connections. The proprietary charging and earphone connection has a flimsy and clumsy port cover. Holding it out of the way while inserting a connection is a two-handed and sometimes difficult operation. I'm tempted to just clip off the cover, which will probably come off soon by itself. As noted in other reviews, the unavailability of a standard earphone port makes the nice mp3 listening option almost moot.All in all, though, as a phone and for the deal offered at Amazon, I can certainly recommend it.

Well, one thing I've learned after reading hundreds upon hundreds of phones is that people pretty much only rate things if they love or hate things, so it's hard to tell what's good and what isn't because there's bound to be people on both sides of _any_ phone.That being said, after getting this phone I've realized that most people are just lazy or not tech savvy enough to get this phone to perform as well as it  should. That being said there are a few real issues with this phone.1. Call volume, yeah, it's a bit low, but as someone posted in an earlier review, speak phone helps, as well as various bt earpieces.2. MP3 player, yeah, you have to record at 192 for it to work on this phone, and the file name can't be that long.3. Battery life? Someone mentioned they play with theirs _all day_ and have to charge it every 36 hours? Duh, it's 10 days of _standby_ battery life. That being said I can take plenty of calls, keep it on a couple days,and lose hardly any battery life.4. Someone mentioned you can't turn off the beeping when navigating? Not true, read the book if you can't figure it out, it's easy.5. Fragility? TBH having 2 out of 80 reviews address this leads me to believe it's user error or just lemons, and that really is a shame for them, but personally I will be keeping my phone in places that aren't condusive to smashing it. ;)6. Ring tone volume, I use custom ringtones from mp3s I have. After reading all the people complaining about it, I thought it would be horrible to make my own ringtone. I did buy the software/usb cable, so maybe that's why it was so easy. All I did was edit and mp3, move it over with the software, and select it on my phone and I was done in 2 minutes flat. Don't like the volume? Record it at a higher initial volume.All in all there are a couple valid complaints that can't be remedied regardless of what you do i.e. a non flexible mp3 player, phone volume, no accessories. Aside from that though, the rest can be dealt with, without all that much effort.On to the benefits of the phone.1. Great display, looks awesome, games show up beautifully if you're into that sort of thing.2. _Easy_ navigation!, this is my FIRST cell phone, and within minutes I was able to figure out 90% of the options on my own. That being said, I have no problem whatsoever spending 2 minutes looking up other things in the manual they give you.3. This thing looks awesome, from the moment I got it, all I've gotten is ooo's and ahhh's ;) vain, I know, but I'm sure that will appeal to some fashionistas out there.4. Slide mechanism is very smooth, fits together great, options for what the phone does sliding it open/shut.5. I'm sure this varies depending on where you are or how loud the area is, but call clarity for me has been quite good, I don't think many people addressed this (clarity vs volume), but almost all the calls I get sound great, several others have used my phone as well and haven't noticed anything wrong either.6. Bluetooth connectivity, easy.Overall, 4 stars for the few things that can't be helped..the things that are inconvenient aren't really... People switching over from old phones that they _loved_ and had for 6 years expect any new phone they get to be exactly like what they had, only better, obviously this is not going to be the case. This is my first phone, and it is easy to use, and I enjoy it greatly. Even though most of it is straightforward, there is a little bit of a learning curve, keep that in mind if you need something more simplistic.

I just got this phone today, and have seriously only used this for about an hour or two but I've already figured out most of the pros and cons...The MECHANICS of the phone:Pros:**The screen is obviously big, so viewing pictures and texting is very easy.**The buttons are located under the slider so dialing Mr.333333333 won't happen again.**The Camera takes lovely pictures... although actions shots are still not an option (but that's what digital cameras are for)**Has great voice recognition if you'd rather use it instead of dialing...Cons:** The phone volume SUCKS. It only goes to a 5 when CLEARLY it should go up to a 10. Who can hear Jack on level 1???!!I live in a very quiet place... and it's hard to hear. I can't even imagine what it'll be like trying to hear someone when I'm in Target! I have perfect hearing, so no... It's not a user problem.**The phone comes equiped with... 10 rings or so... 4 of which are cheaps Ring ring tones and at least one of the dopey Cingular ring.** The buttons are pretty small for texting. I'm a small girl, 130 pounds, so I don't huge Andre the Giant hands.**The antenna is on the back of the phone so if you're in a LOW reception area, you have to place it face down as to not OBSTRUCT the reception, and that will just eff up the screen.** IF you're big on cleanliness, the screen will become messy with ear-grease - funk after every conversation.On Asthetics:The phone is beautifully made. Light weight. Great looking. and easy slider (I hate flippy do-dahs). They should redo the model (like how Nikon made a D70s)improving the obivious, more neede features like hearing (since that IS the point of a phone).I'm usually a Nokia user and was very leary about switching over. If you're a Nokia fan as well, I would not recommend this.

This phone has a lot of features but is quirky. The phone comes with the battery, travel charger, and user guide only. You have to purchase the headset (mono or stereo), holster, micro SD card, etc separately.Pros:1. Speakerphone is loud and fairly clear, but could definitely use some improvement.2. MP3 player's sound quality is okay but should never be compared to a full-fledged MP3 player.3. Digital photo quality is good, albeit a slightly slower than instant response.4. Menus are simple.5. This slider phone is large enough for my hands, but sleek and elegant enough to get the oohs and ahhs from others.Cons:1. MP3 player cannot play all MP3 files. There are some rules that Samsung had built-in that prevents certain files from playing.2. MP3 music stored in the micro SD card cannot be associated with any incoming calling group or person. To associate personal music as a ringtone, you'd have to convert the MP3 to an MMF file. This is a multi-step process which seems to be wasted energy. Samsung phones need to improve upon this aspect like other companies.3. The digital photos that you copy from your personal collection into the micro SD card, cannot be viewed on the phone.4. Main menus cannot be customized unlike other Samsung phones.5. One of the most important things is battery life, and this phone doesn't have any. I have two different versions of this phone, the black one and the white one. They both experience the short battery life syndrome. If you play with the phone all day, expect to charge this phone at least once a day. This phone was rated with a 10-day standby time within the digital network. Well, I live, work, and travel within this digital network, and I still have to charge it every 36-48 hours. I've had  other Samsung phones that lasted much longer.

great product. very robust. stayed under water for a few minutes. so microphone malfunctioned for a day. but later got back to normal. dropped so many times, but still works great! mp3 player feature is very good. highly recommend it.

ok the phone is cool and I like doing the slide thing as much as the next guy or gal.  BUT this phone's screen will crack.  You don't even need to break or mare the actually plastic screen itself becuase basically any dropping of the phone will cause the liquid crystal display to crack inside the phone and then the liquid just oozes out and makes it hard to see many parts of the screen.  I thought oh well I'll be careful when I got my phone, surely I won't also break the screen as other people had warned in these reviews, but oh yes I did.  I even keep my phone in a case every day and the screen still has 3-4 large cracks in it after only having the phone for less than 6 months.  Well hey stop trying to buy this phone just cause it slides and get a flip phone so your screen won't crack, at least thats my advice.

I was sold this phone because of the misleading features list.This was a bad idea. And too much of a high price.1) The calls are hard to listen to unless you're in a very quiet place, the volume output is very low (and no, I'm not earing impaired).2) because of #1, you can forget about making good use of the speaker phone (unless, like me, you are in  a crowded pace and you want to stick the speaker to your ear to be abe to undestand.3) the navigation among applications and function is not easy. The keys are not for fast tapping and the menus are too intricated.The only positive feature is the big screen, so that you can play games in the airport.I wish I could return it and get another Nokia...

I've been using it for about a month.  Got it on amazon, the prices simply cannot be beat.  This phone is $170 in cingular stores!I like it so far and if I could give it 4.5 stars, I would.  Here're my impressions:1.  it's tiny.  Normally, I like small but the dial pad is so small that I can barely press the keys and I've small fingers!  If you have large hands or long fingernails you simply won't be able to use this phone.2.  the sound quality is not so great.  It's not loud enough, even on the loudest setting.3.  the firmware has a few non-intuitive things.  For example, when you press & hold a button for fast dial, it'll beep & say, "no number associated with this speed dial." but it won't say how to associate it.  nor will it take you to the phone book.  It's probably in the manual but in this day & age I shouldn't have to read the manual to figure out how to use my phone.4.  There are no games that come with it.  You get 2 demos of crappy games that let you play for 5 mins only.  Terrible.5.  Bluetooth works great.  Paired it with my car's handsfree link w/o problems.6.  You can't reprogram the center button, always takes you to Cingular's website which costs you $$$.  Bad idea.  You can, however, reprogram the joystick.Overwall, I'm happy with the phone and it's very stylish & sexy looking.  I would recommend it to friends but watch out for things above.

I previously owned a Nokia 6230 for nearly two years and was very happy with it. A month ago however the membrane beneath the keypad began malfunctioning and I decided it was time to move on. After spending some time researching and bargain-hunting, I settled on the D807 as a promising, and having found it for free after renewing my contract with Cingular here on Amazon, decided to take the plunge.Well within a week the LCD has cracked, rendering the most impressive element of the phone useless. I am not a rookie when it comes to candy-bar style phones, and my Nokia made it through 18 months of the exact same treatment with no damage to the screen whatsoever. Thanks to neither Cingular nor Samsung willing to offer any kind of warranty I am stuck with a paperweight. I cannot recommend this phone despite its initial stylishness, and cannot offer any extensive reviews of its features because for all intents it is useless.

I've only had this phone for about a week and I love it for the most part.  Aesthetically, this phone is by far #1 and far ahead of its top rival, the RAZR.  It's all around a great phone as far as functionality goes.  HOWEVER, on the 7th day of having this phone, I dropped it on the ground accidently (but I've done this many many times to my past phones and they've been fine) and the screen cracked in half making it impossible to see anything on the screen.  Therefore, I was unable to dial anyone's number from my phonebook or to see who was calling me among other things.  On most other carriers I've had, this wouldn't have been so bad because I would've just filed a claim against my phone's insurance and for a $50 deductible would have had a brand new phone.  But, Cingular does not offer insurance on this phone (at least not as yet, though according to them, they plan on offering it in the next 6 months).  So this changed the entire story.  Thank god my credit card has insurance on it that covers my cell phone otherwise I would be stuck with a $300 bill for a new phone.  Also, I recently googled this phone and found several posts on websites from people whose screens have cracked from dropping their phones on the ground (an extremely common occurence) and since this is not covered under the phone's warranty everyone has been stuck buying new phones.  I think the problem is the fact that the phone itself is so thin especially the top part with the screen (much like the controversy with the iPod nano).  So, all in all, this phone is by far the best on the market in terms of applications and looks, BUT please make sure you have insurance on this phone thru other means than Cingular otherwise you will soon be stuck with a hefty bill to replace a broken phone.

I wanted a phone that has all-in-one functionality, such as phone, camera, music player, expandable storage, etc. that could cover my random outings. I bought this one a couple of weeks ago, and I like it!!The only thing that troubled me a little was that the accessories from my previous Samsung phone are not usable with this one because of its uncommon connector for power and headset...

I really like this phone. It has all the features I want: slim design, bluetooth, EDGE, quad-band, good camera, and speakerphone. It also plays MP3s. Looks cool.Minuses: The menu is a little weird. You can go through everything and end up in another menu. All the number shortcuts are different, as the reviews below mention. The phone comes with nothing to customize, so you'll have to go buy any additional wallpaper/ringtones. It's a little hard to open with one hand at first, and you run the risk of it slipping out of your hands. Takes awhile to get used to holding it, but that's the way it is with most phones. It's weird because the top half isn't at the same level as the bottom. It's extremely hard to hear a call when there is ambient noise around you.The positives still outweigh the minor negatives.

The cellphone is sleek and excellent......but b preapred for sum nastiness by CINGULAR for sure....they charge u and start billing u the day u order the celphone online.....its so ridiculous.....u get billed for the time u havent even recieved the handset,leave alone starting it...so buyers beware u wanna take this wit some other service provider.....the phone is good,no doubts about it,problem is the service provider!!!and their customer service is soooo sloppy,they dont operate on sundays and even on other days only till 9 pm...if u r on a call wit them,it automatically gets disconnected at 9 !!! how ridiculous can they get???

I had this phone for 1 month before returning it back to the Cingular Store. Although the phone is innovative and a sure beauty, there are some unfortunate flaws that compelled me to return it.Pros:- Great reception here in the city. It could pick up a signal and hold it better than my roommates' phones (Motorolas, another Samsung).- Beautiful phone: color and design is very attractive, and I loved the slide function b/c it was so different from the candy bar and clamshell shaped phones- AMAZING screen. It's large, sharp, colorful, and bright.- Quadband GSM phone, so you could take it just about anywhere and use it, which was a definite appeal to me b/c I travel a lot- Modern phone w/ a lot of the latest new features (ex: quadband, edge, bluetooth) found in newly released phones, so I guess it's pretty high end for a standard phone that's NOT a smartphone.- Decent battery. I didn't have to charge it every day (maybe every other day), even though I talked on it for about 1-2 hrs on it everyday.Cons:- VERY LOW VOLUME!!! This is the worst thing about the phone. Outside, it's very hard to hear someone talking or to hear an incoming call (ie: walking down the street in the middle of the day). I've definitely missed calls b/c the volume was too soft, and it was VERY difficult to hear the other end of the conversation when I did receive a call in public.- Not many accessories came with the phone, so you'll have to buy your own case, USB cord, memory card, etc, and they're all pretty expensive. Considering how expensive the phone is w/o having to renew yourself into another 2 yr contract w/ Cingular, I expected at least a small memory card or even a case!- I felt like the menu was a bit unintuitive. Many of the cooler applications (alarm clock, calculator, timer, mp3 player, etc) seemed to be buried deep w/in the menu, and you really had to dig through the menu to find them.- There arent that many applications/etc that come built into the software of the phone for more personalization. For example, there was a very limited number of ring tones that were part of the software, and they werent even that good. The 2 games on it are trial versions.I paid $299 for the phone, and I felt like I paid too much for what I was getting. It's a great phone, but I wouldve liked it more if the volume was a louder, and it had come with more accessories (considering the price tag). Maybe I'm hard of hearing, but I'm pretty young so I know I'm not deaf. If you have hearing impairments, then this phone might not be for you, and if you don't mind a softer volume, then go ahead and try the phone out. One last note: it gets smudged a lot. Maybe it's b/c the phone is black that the smudges are more noticeable, but after a few uses you'll notice how much your fingerprints leave a mark!Overall, great phone with some flaws.

You got everything from this phone. I am outlining details for dumhead people who says MP3 has problem and sound is low1. MP3 players works great with 192kbps bit rate. Also you need miniSD card to get going for songs. Get the card reader to save MP3 on miniSD for faster rate.2. Volume is perfect for me but others who has problem use Motorola H700 bluetooth headset and your ear will ask you to lower the volume..period..I am able to transfer all the stuff from my Sony Ericsson W600i without any problem. In fact I love the way it is downloading by directory to directory i.e. music to music etc..Phone book doesn't club sim card and phone number together no matter you want same person contact on both. But you can have work around according to your need by having limited numbers on phone to get another features to work.Voice dialing to class of it's own so use it with bluetooth headset and enjoy true heads free experience.I got the White color and wife love it so much..Enjoy Samsung D807

This phone isn't all that great. I used to have a w600i which was just awesome but I found out after a football game that the screen was cracked somehow. Instead of waiting a week for a replacement of that phone to be shipped to me, I decided to go for this phone instead because it came the next day.I had to buy a USB connecter for the memory card, which I also bought, because I wanted music on my phone. Well it turned out that I needed the quality of the music to be under 192kbps. Big problem, so none of the 100+ songs that I put on the memory card worked. Plus you can't use the music that actually does play on your phone as ringtones.The calender function isn't user friendly at all. There isn't a setting for birthdays anywhere, even on the contact user information. The appointment setting is ridiculous.Texting is hard to get used to. There's no cancel feature when you press the "back" button on accident so you have to save your text as a draft and go back in to finish it. That is the most frustrating thing if you text a lot.I would say the only thing good about this phone is that the pictures take really well. That, and the alarm feature. You can set up to three alarms at a time, which is good if you're a deep sleeper.Oh and here's a word of advice: don't drop it in water. If your phone even survives, the slider mechanics stop working or it gets really hard to slide open and closed.This is a huge downgrade from any phone.

I have had so much trouble with cingular's phones, lets face it, their service sucks and the least they can do is provide sturdy, good quality phones that will last you for the amount of money you spend on them. I finally found this phone in my samsung SGH-D807. I have trouble dropping my phones, I am a huge klutz and have butterfingers. For the amount of times that I have dropped this phone I would have expected it to die on me and need a replacement and I have yet to encounter that problem with this phone. In the past I have had phones that freak out on me, turning off and on and freezing up, and phones where there has been something wrong with my voice chip so that people on the other end couldn't hear me, NOT WITH THIS PHONE! I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking in to buying a new phone. It is well worth the money and the features make up for the money too. It is the type of phone that has the features you want- you can check your mail, listen to music, check the weather. My only complaint with this phone is that its capacity to access web URLs is too small, which is not a huge deal for me. The key pad is easy to text with and once you get the hang of it and learn how to use the phone it is a lot easier then a lot of other phones cingular has to offer.If you want a phone that is great quality with good features and wont die or break on you leaving you to have to replace it every month or so, go with this phone! After almost a year I have not had to call to complain to cingular once, which I had to do at least once a week with previous phones.

It's been probably 5-6 months since I bought this so it's OK for me to write a review about it.This phone sucks. Don't buy it. You will have problems hearing what the other person on the other side is saying. Speaker phone is a joke. In a noisy area I use the speaker phone, put it to my ear to hear it.When you slide up, sometimes (very often) the display light doesn't turn off, just dims out which causes the battery die quicker.So many things to say; mp3 player useless, navigation useless, functions useless, you can't use certain songs for ring tones, etc..I can tell you at least one excuse for each feature you have in mind. I was hoping to find a firmware update to fix the problems but no luck.I strongly suggest you stick with Nokia phones or at least stay away from Samsung.By the way, Cingular is not lowest dropped call network. That's a lie. I had never problems with T-Mobile or Sprint. You will get dropped calls if you chose Cingular. That's for sure.

I purchased this phone less then a week ago and already hate it! After, being RAZR-ed out I wanted something different this time around. The looks of this phone are very impressive.External display:Large easy to read!Color is vibrant!Clearity is great!The screen NEVER goes off when you are charging the phone. If you like your room lite up like a christmas tree while it is charging at night  its great. Extra feature that was not mentioned...a built in nite light!Key pad:Very flat I don't find it that difficult to use for texing or for calling. If you have big fingers then I see the key pad difficult to use.Texing:Samsung made this to complicated. First, you go to messaging, then you choose what you want to do, then you choose again what you want to do from a series of questions. Questions after questions.Address book:Adding someone to the address book is not complicated. Personalizing the entry is not complicated.Ringtones:The phone does not come with many ringtones. You have to download them.If you want to put a certain contact number on silent...forget. You have to put the whole phone on silent. If you have the phone on silent at night remember the nite lite feature that is NEVER mentioned. The screen will light up the room.Call Quality:I find this phone to have great call clearity. I drove with the sunroof open and could hear the conversation fine even on speaker phone. Yes, it could stand to use more volume control.Beware!! If you would like to transfer a call to speaker while driving plan on having your eyes of the road for about 3 or more seconds. First, you push the speaker phone button then, it is going to ask you if you want the speaker phone on or off.THE PHONE IS NOT USER FRIENDLY!!The owners manual is not much help. Tried emailing Samsung about feature questions 3 days later still no response. The Cingular sales team haven't been much help either they are clueless about certain features on this phone.Over all I really want to like this phone.The looks of the phone are great. Basically, that is all the phone is good for is to look good in your hand and the cool tunes and sounds that come out of it.The call quality is good.If you have nothing better to do then play and try to figure out the phone then this is the phone for you. If you use the phone to just make calls and do not use any of the features (call log, tex, camera, mp3 etc.)then this is the phone for you. But, there are less expensive phones then this one.Every feature has about 2-3 questions before actually being able to work that feature. Its like playing 20 questions another unmentioned feature.I find this phone annoying, frustrating and time consuming to use. It is not a user friendly phone!!Very disappointed in this phone.I will be taking it back. (Hello Moto, again.)I hope this review will help in your decision making about this phone.

I've had this phone for several weeks now, and I like it quite a bit. Most of my thoughts are covered pretty well by the other positive reviews below, but I wanted to clear up a few misconceptions.1) You can use a >512Meg MicroSD card. Not sure about 2 Gig, but I'm using a 1 Gig card and it works fine.2) Inexpensive adapters that let you use any headphones with this unit are readily available if you look around (try google).3) Sound quality is quite good, but this phone does have some limitations as a music player, mostly because of the design of the player software itself, notably:a) You can organize songs into folders on the SD card, but the player will not let you add songs in folders to a playlist.b) The length of a playlist is limited.c) The player will only play MP3s at 192kbps or less, and the filename can be no greater than 28 characters (why, I have absolutely no idea). You can get resampling and renaming software for your PC to help prepare tracks for these limitations.d) The player does not understand track tags, so you can only browse for songs by filename.Although these seemingly unneccessary limitations are frustrating, I still find that the phone makes a useful media player when I'm travelling. It's not an Ipod substitute though by any means.

I  recently upgraded my phone from the LG 7200 to Samsung's new slider phone. So far, I am impressed with the phone's features, appearance, and quality. The Camara is nice and takes clear pictures.Also, if your into small phones, this may be what you are looking for. Samsung has never let me down when it comes to cell phones. Very Impressive

The phone feels lightweight, but solid.  I have previously had a Nokia and a Sony-Erickson, which did the basics, but this phone has a lot of nice features.  The slider feature is very nice and helps prevent keys from being pushed without the need to lock them.  The camera does 1280 x 1024 pictures (1.3 megapixel) which is more than enough for a photo printer doing 5 x 7s.  It also does video (at 15 frames per second which is 1/2 of regular video).  The mp3 player is simple enough, works with the phone closed and can read from either the built in memory or a micro-SD card which can be inserted in the side.  The only downside to the music player is that the audio files are limited to 128 kbps (which sounds fine) and the file names need to be no longer than 32 characters.  Given the choice, I would certainly buy this phone again (especially since it was free with a [...]mail-in rebate).

I think that this is one of the best phones I have had and I am quite an expert in this field. The display is excellent, the menus are full of options and I have had zero problems so far. I also like the plan. Overall this is really one of the best options for the moment and I am sure that every owner of D807 will be very proud to have it around.

This phone is the best out of all the ones I have had to date(5 or 6). I must say that my absolute love from this phone comes from the fact that my last phone had to be replaced 5 times due to breaking in some way (LG C2000)before I had it a year.  There are some cons to this phone, but the pros outweight them.Cons:-Low speaker. I can't hear to save my life so my friends are constantly repeating themselves anyways, but the low sound doesn't help.-Idle Screen Setting. I like having a picture as my "desktop", but the clocks for the phone either take up the entire screen or just go in the middle of your picture. I keep the calendar on my screen and whenever someone wants to see the picture, I just show them the actual picture.-Clear and "End Call" button. They are WAY too close to the navigation buttons on the phone. It's very frustrating when I've just finished a 3-page text and then i accidently close it. You can save it to drafts if you catch it in time, but when I'm on a roll I don't notice what I've done until I press the button again.Pros:-Great picture quality. 90% of my friends have RAZRs so I don't have much competition, but I really do have the best picture quality out of all of them. I have a picture of the Texas State Capitol that looks like I took it with a digital camera. When I send pictures to my computer they don't come out as well, but on the phone itself they are amazing.-Easy to navigate. Just do a bit a reading and you can find whatever you need. It really isn't hard to navigate at all.-Voice Recognition. The voice recognition system works very well. 9 times out of 10 I am able to call the person I'm looking for on the first try.-Very stylish. I have the white version of this phone and although it's hard to keep clean, it's a very cute phone and I get complements on it all the time.-Recent Recipients. Ok sure this isn't a major feature, but I love it anyways! It allows you to send messages to people who you have recently sent messages to without having to search for the contact information.The phone is pretty easy to customize. The issue with ending calls when accidently closing the phone is an easy fix. If you go to menu, settings, phone settings, then slide settings and on down select continue operation, then the problem is solved. Like I said...easy fix. I like the fact that I really don't have to buy ringtones. All you have to do is bluetooth music between phones and then set them as the ringtone. I went from one tone to about 20 tones in a day, without paying a cent. I don't like that your contacts have to be saved to the phone to be assigned a ringtone, but that's not a huge concern of mine.This phone isn't really a great beginner phone, but anyone with a good understanding of how to use a phone would have no problem with it.

After owning two of these units -- each of which lasted only about 8 months -- I will not be getting another one, however satisfied I was with it while it worked. It was a great phone while it functioned properly, but after two bad experiences I have no choice but to move to a new unit. The front panel screen with its vibrant color was great for custom wallpaper, and I had no complaints with sound quality or its overall functionality. In fact, I quite enjoyed it. However, it wasn't long before a variety of problems began to sink in (each unit unit having its own particular problems), including, but not limited to: buttons that wouldn't work, buttons activating menu screens they were not meant to, malfunctioning front screen, and the inability to receive a charge from brand new chargers. I lead a low-impact lifestyle, and the phone was not subjected to abuse or damage. In fact, because of the large exposed front screen which could be prone to cracking, I took especially good care of it to avoid scratches or undue abuse. When it wasn't in my pocket, it was on the counter or desk. If you are lucky enough to get a unit that will hold up, you will certainly be satisfied. Unfortunately, I can't vouch for its durability, which is a quality I expect out of a premium cell phone.

I purchased this phone for free in a cinular family plan. Before investing on the phone i did an extensive research. Many reviewers had written that the phone has very low sound. I took the risk  and it paid off. Its an amazing phone. I have been using it over a week and not a single problem. Amazing display . Good camera. easy navigation.  Havent tried MP3 yet. The slide cover is cool too. It slides with a gentle push.  I would say that this is the only phone which combines features with style. So it is highly recommended.

I am continually impressed by this phone.  I have had it for a few days and I still keep finding neat bells and whistles that are functional!  The voice command system is top notch, and is usually very good at picking out who you want to call without any programming.  Dialing is a snap, the keypad feels good and is responsive.  Bluetooth + headset is really easy to set up and also quite impressive (great sound quality, even through a couple of walls).  Also, creating ringtones and being able to use them is neat (and allows for some creativity and personalized ringers).  The phone has a very solid feel, the slide mechanism is nice and firm.  Reception is worlds away better than just about any other cell phone I have ever used, mine or otherwise (its really that good!).  The screen is absolutely beautiful for a cellular phone; it is probably too nice for this kind of device.  The phone is actually quite slim and looks better than the stock photos give it credit for.  The camera is functionally very good for a ~1.3 megapixel camera.  I think one of the neatest things about the phone is that you can really do almost anything you want without ever using the number keys, voice command really does a lot of good.  I do wish the speaker were louder, but that is small potatoes compared to the incredible feature set that comes along with this phone.  My parents each chose to get razrs and I am certainly glad that I did not.  This phone is almost as thin as a razr and the features blow the razr out of the water.  The nokia 6682 was too much phone for me (I already have a PDA, and honestly, i'd rather not make a phone call on something the size of my hand; I spend enough time on that thing as it is).  Do yourself a favor and pick up this phone, you will be very glad you did.

Let me start off by saying that I absolutely love this phone.  It has all the cool features I want, Bluetooth, MP3, camera, memory slot, Speaker phone, etc., and is much slimmer than my last phone(sony ericcson z500a).  The only anoyance I have with the phone is the big, ugly, date and time display that always blocks my wallpaper.  Other than that, the display is gorgeous and the phone surpasses my expectations.

I purchased this phone in August of last year. Almost exactly one year to the day the thing just died. I tried a new battery and everything. Then oddly enough, my friend had purchased the same phone one month later, and his died almost a year to the day as well....piece of crap!

I bought this phone 3 months ago and within few weeks it started shutting down on its own (Amazon itself admits this is a wide spread problem). So went in for exchange with Amazon( one of the best customer service providers I ever know) and got a new one. what a pity ! it has the same problem. thinkin og going for a new phone. This phone shuts down on its own and you would miss the calls...so eventhough phone  looks great it doesn't meet the minimum expectation of being 'on.

i will not cover for all good thing that this fone provide. let talks about how bad it is if you have this cell by Cingular wireless. the screen have pretty good size however you can not any decent wallpaper show on this fone becuase stupid Cingular had removed feature to hide logo, time and date on the display. it will ruin whatever image you want to show off with the fone. go for Sony W810i instead!

This "star-trek" slider style phone just came out in Cingular stores last week. I went in looking for the ultra slim Motorola RAZR flip phone or its cousin the "candy-bar" SLVR and walked out with this brand new Samsung instead. The rebate deals that Cingular had (as does Amazon) were also a factor.  I paid only $[...].I have been using it the last few days and wow!!  A great phone.  I've owned several phones and never one like this.  Some quick observations:Its about as small as it gets and still is a usable size.  Its also clearly going for some design awards like its Motorla competitors. It is probably one of the smallest phones out there and not as "flimsy" feeling as the Motorola minis.Fine voice reception and the "WAP" data reception is great (I live in a fringe area).Great screen, in fact when the slider is closed... its all screen (and the phone works just fine when its closed by the way).Its got a great speaker phone and also fine voice recognition... you know say "ET call home" ..and it does.  Also it has a tape recorder.  All are accessible with one button (even with the phone closed).It has an unbelievable number of features like most other high end "bluetooth" and web enabled phones. I've never surfed the web or checked e-mail with my phone before.  But it was pretty easy with this one. (Be sure you get a Cingular data package...the kilobytes add up, even at a penny a unit).The camera at 1.3 Meg is about as good as they get with these phones. I haven't tried the video yet.It has room for a micro-SD card -  I just ordered a half a Meg card for about $[...] on Amazon to store pictures, files, and maybe music.Speaking of MP3s, after reading the documentation (which is poor by the way) and after calling Samsung tech support (which didn' yet have an info on the new phone) I still can't figure how to (or whether)I can play MP3s with a stereo headset.  There is only a proprietary plug on the phone and no Samsung headphone accessories as of yet (thought the box says one "is available".) If that's your goal, buy the RAZR or maybe the Sony Ericsson w600i.The phone is a quad-band and can be used globally. A great thing about Cingular is you can use their phones abroad for no extra fee (and with a fairly reasonable per minute charge.)I haven't come up with any negatives yet (though one of course needs to be patient with all these features). I don't know about Samsung's reliability track record with high end phones, we'll see. Be sure to understand the warranty you're getting and how to handle tech support if there are problems.I could make a few comments about the pros and cons of Cingular, but the wireless companies all have their ups and downs and this review is really about the phone.So bottom line... great phone!  You may want to go to a store to see how it feels in your hand, but my guess is you will really like it.P.S. 6 weeks has gone by since my mid-June review. I still love the phone, the voice-recognition is the best I've ever seen. I rarely use the key-pad to make calls (its adequate...but not great). I've bought standard Samsung dual ear-buds (with a mike)and the  stero MP-3s sound just fine (and it can be used for calls as well).

I really like this phone.  Has a nice big colorful screen.  It could use a another speaker or just a bigger one.  Real easy to use.

I purchased the Samsung D807 (Cingular) in September 2006.  After 6-7 months of use, the screen broke for no apparent reason.  Essentially, the screen displays all white with a few black smudges on it and nothing else.  I called Samsung USA customer service and they informed me that the cause is LCD bleeding and it is not covered under the 1-year warranty.  They told me that LCD bleeding can result from any kind of pressure on the screen like sitting on the phone or something.I keep my phone in my front pocket all the time without any other items in the pocket, which I consider to be normal use of a cell phone.  I am surprised they feel this is my fault considering the screen broke under normal usage conditions.  Anyway, they said I would have to pay about $115 to fix the screen, which I am not willing to pay since I don't even like the phone that much.The poor warranty protection is my biggest gripe, but since I have had this phone for half a year I will write a brief review too.The phone's features are extensive, but I did not use them much.  I have not tried the mp3 player nor have I paid to download any content from Cingular so I cannot comment on these.  The built-in camera is acceptable, but nothing special really.  If you are taking a picture to use as wallpaper, I recommend that you change the picture size under the camera settings to match the phone's screen.  Default setting is smaller and so if you set it as wallpaper it will stretch and look distorted.Battery life is normal for a phone of this size.  If you don't make a lot of phone calls, this is a phone that needs charging maybe every other day.  The screen is nicely lit and call quality again is normal.One thing I would point out that really stands out is the text messaging.  If you like to send text messages often, this phone is not for you.  The buttons on the phone are not very good for messaging because they are nearly flat.  Moreover, the flip up design makes it harder to message as well.  Lastly, Nokia converts beware that the buttons used in text messaging are all reversed and may take some time to get used to.Overall it's not a bad phone.  I'm just spiteful about the warranty because its not like the phone has been physically damaged.  No more Samsung for me =(

This phone does every thing I could want from a phone. It EVEN makes calls ;-)  The camera takes a very nice picture and video, and the large display shows it very clearly. You can make your own ring tones from MP3s, though limited in size, its enough for a good long ring. (it would go to voice mail before the song would repeat.) The MP3 player is cheesy, but it plays them just fine (no higher than 192 bit rate) Once I added a 1 gig MicroSD, I was able to convert my music videos and even some full length DivX'd movies to the phone. (Use SUPER, It is a must for awesome FREE video and audio conversion (Not a plug, just the truth)) The blue tooth works great, and combined with the free Samsung edit software, you have full control over phone content from your PC. The design is very sleek, and fits into a pocket with ease. I could go on and on.. I liked it so much I got a second one for the wife.The But....The ear piece volume is very low. The max setting is 5. It really needs to go to 10. The only other "whine" I'd have is if your not careful while sliding it open to take a call, you can easily tap the 'end call' button and send it strait to voice mail.The PROs really out weigh the CONs by far, I'd get more of these at the under 80 USD price should I need them :)

This is an excellent phone that I have grown to love.  It has great reception, to the point I never give any thought any more as to whether or not I'll have service, wherever I am--I will.  People report they can hear me clearly.  I no longer have a problem with not hearing my phone ring and calls seem to drop less than they did with my prior phone (hardly ever).  The slide mechanism is slick.  Battery life is the best I've ever experienced.I've had only two significant complaints with this phone, and one I've remedied.  At first, I found the graphics/interface to be garish, but I've gotten used to it and changed my mind.  My only remaining complaint is that I can't make the volume louder, as when I'm using the phone I often find myself wishing I could make the person on the other end louder, only to find the speaker is set as high as it goes.  Since all phones have their weaknesses and this is a minor one, I count my blessings that I found this phone.  It's still not my idea of a perfect phone, but I think it's as close as a cell phone will ever get.  A good, solid phone.

I love the feel of the phone. The slide is a great feel and numbers are nice and large.But the Apps on the phone are not that great.The calendar is poor, an all day appointment will carry over to the next day.The contacts will always default to the mobile number and don't store a address.The CallerID with picture is a nice touch, but it doesn't fill the screen! You have a 3x2 in screen and when the callerid picture is displayed its 1/2" x 1/2 " What a waist of space.The ring and speaker phone isn't very loud, but does pick up sounds well.Sync program has bugs, with deleting and all day appointments.I'd return it for a different phone if I didn't go past my 30 days

Most of the reviews I've read seem harsh. I've had this phone since it came out (june) I've had no problems with it whatsoever. Its easy to use and easy to find things. I dont see how using the address book is hard you push down on the navigate key and it takes you right to it all you gotta do is scroll down, whats more easier than that o.O. I've put this phone through alot of torture and its come thru just fine. Altho I will say this, if you get this phone get a case for it cause the screen is huge and will scratch.

i got this phone in 2006 as a christmas gift...and for the past year i havent wanted a new phone....this phone is everything i could want...and with the data cable that i bought on amazon im able to make my own ringtones from my favorite songs on my laptop and transfer them onto my phone for personalized ringtones....the bluetooth on this phone is faster than any razr or slvr ive come in contact with, and the great thing about slider phones is that its a perfect comprimise for people who want the screen size of a flip phone but hate flip phones and want a candybar phone with a bigger screen...plus...everyone compliments the phone when i pull it out and slide it up...between the phone, the 1gb memory card, and the data cable...you can do just about anything with this phone

What really drew me to this phone was the screen quality.  With a 1.3 megapixel camera built in, the images could pass for ones taken on a camera.  The sound quality is also excellent, and there's a built in mp3 player i'm still trying to work out how to fix.The only downside to the phone is that all numbers from my old phone are stored in the SIM card, and in order to use many of the features involving placing or recieving calls the numbers must be transferred to the phone memory, thus taking up more of it.

Pros:- Great looking phone- Great sound/video quality.  Excellent speaker phone- Voice activation/recognition ... best I have used.- Contact list ... multi-number per user, picture and custom ringer.Cons:- Ringer volume -- way too low .. my wife and I both miss calls constantly- Vibrate alert -- way too low .. constantly miss calls on vibrate- LCD screen -- cracked after 3 months .. $119 to fix.I wouldn't buy it again and won't repair it.

Regarding the ability to use the underscore and other symbols while entering text, you only need to press the lower left (star/asterisk) key a few times when in text edit mode, and you'll eventually get to the large symbol palette that has dozens of symbols, including the underscore that a previous reviewer thought wasn't available.Second, I've downloaded and installed many 3rd-party, non-Cingular J2ME java apps to this phone with no problem - games, email utilities, browser, Google Maps, whatever - so the comment that only Cingular-branded apps will work is incorrect. I used both the Cingular MediaNet browser and Opera Mini to download the apps.Finally, I've also installed many of my own photos for wallpaper and quite a few of my own sounds for ringtones, mostly by emailing them to my phone as multimedia messages (I haven't received my USB cable in the mail yet, so I have yet to try that method). The process was smooth and speedy. I emailed the photo or ringtone as an attachment to (my number)@mms.mycingular.com, and then when viewing the message on my phone I just hit the "options" softkey > "save media" and the file was saved to the appropriate folder automatically (sounds, photos, whatever). It was virtually instantaneous.By the way, for those who are dying to have something other than the awful Cingular homepage in the MediaNet browser, it's as easy as going into settings > connection settings and changing the "home URL" to whatever you want it to be.One more thing. Yes, the camera leaves something to be desired, though it's quite a bit better than the unbelieveably bad one on the Cingular 2125/T-Mobile SDA. However, you can improve the images quite a bit just by upping the brightness level in the camera settings (just hit the "up arrow" on the d-pad when in camera mode). I have mine set at 5 or 6 most of the time, and it makes a huge difference for some reason.

This phone is attractive and packed with some neat technology. It's a very pretty toy, but not a good phone. Read and take heed to what others have said about the call volume. There is none! The highest setting of 5, would be the mid point at best, for any other good phone.Also, if you really want to go with Cingular, don't purchase this phone through Amazon. They have no real agreements with Cingular, can't port your old number and if you decide to exchange the phone, you must return, cancel and get yet another new number and account with Cingular.Again, other than that, it's a nice toy.

I hated this phone. When it first arrived I thought it was great! loved the look and everything else about it, but within a few weeks of buying the phone, the screen went out. I reported it to cingular, and they charged me over $100 for a replacement. When the new phone arrived the speakers didn't work. I sent the phone back again, and upon recieving the third phone I was still having problems with the speakers in the new one. I finally got so fed up I just bought a new phone all together. I wasted a lot of time and money on this phone. Would not recomend it to anyone.

This phone has worked fairly well, hence the 4 star rating.  Below are some things I think Samsung could have done better.1.  The phone's reception randomly goes in and out sometimes affecting call quality.  It sounds good most of the time.  The reception bars seem to fluctuate a lot at times which is weird.2.  The Music player has some limitations:  You can only create one playlist from what I have found.  Song titles allow only 28 kb for the song title.  That is a pain because when transferring songs, you have to rename half the songs which makes automating the process difficult.  The audio out is not a standard plug, you must purchase samsung data pack with a usb to phone connection, software and headphones.  The headphones are good in quality but poorly designed.  Their is no cord to play songs from phone to stereo, big downside.  Songs only allow 192 bit rate which is another limitation in songs you can put on the phone.3.  It is not a smart phone, hence it can't upload outlook contacts and calendar.4.  Battery can drain fairly quickly talking on the phone and using mp3 player.  Call quality gets worse as battery drains.5.  The software to upload songs or files is not very good.  Don't have freedom to create new folders.  Figuring out how to upload things can be difficult.6.  Camera has no flash.  Photos can be transferred to the memory card but don't show up on software.  Hence you can't offload photos you take to your computer that I can see.7.  Songs set as ring tones must be below 600k I believe.  Makes you use an MP3 editor to cut down songs, which is an inconvenience.8.  There are no good running cases for this phone.  With some improvements it could be your phone, camera and mp3 player.  Although it can do it, the camera and MP3 player don't come close to stand alone devices.Overall I get lots of compliments in how the phone looks.  Works well most of the time.  I thought software would be much better than it is.  No wonder so many people will most likely use Apples new phone as many other vendors write poor PC software in managing the phone.

There are no accessories at all that come in the box, except for the phone charger. Just a couple of ringtones. menu options are bad and cannot be customized. phone does not have good sound. the speaker phone sucks! not clear or loud enough.Pros: Light weight, slider design. nice big display. Video recording. Photo capture at 1.3 MP.Cons: need to buy all accessories separately. Bad Sound - this is the main feature of a phone, this con outweighs all the good stuff about this phone.

I do love this phone.  It lost one star for the following reasons: the battery life is not what is claimed and the number/letter pad is small.  You need fingernails to type.

I have used many cell phones. Motorola W2000, V3, Nokia 3310, 6682, LG VX8100, Sony W800, W900 etc. This is the best I think. It doesn't have as many features as Nokia 6682 or Sony W900 but the design is much more practical and comfortable.Pros: Big fonts, Sliding panel, number indexed menu items.Cons: Cannot play MP3 with stereo bluetooth headsets (no A2DP).Switching to silence and vibration mode is not quiet because it is controlled by the volume button which will sing when you press it.

I bought two of these, one for me and one for my wife. We have had them less than a year and both are broken. Neither phone will charge anymore and to compound the problem there is no external "desktop" charger made for this phone. I have always had Samsung phones and have always been happy. This phone however is the first one that I have owned that is made in China not Korea and is very poorly made. Echoing some other complaints, the ringer is too quite and calls are frequently missed. I like the form factor but can only warn others to look elsewhere.

The very first phone I owned was a Motorola Startec, and it was one of the latest phones back then. I hated it, then I swicthed the phone company and got myself a samsung, and it was like I saw the light after a long dark night. Every function on that phone was very well designed.Now that I own D807 I am still pleased with its features and over all quality. My parents have Motorola razor, and I am telling you its the worst thing out there. The menus are not that simple to understand, the display looks like early 19th century CGA display.There few cons in this D807, that i will describe later. First the Pro's.Pro's:Sliding face plate is slick. My wife gets compliments everytime she goes out.I went to a ski trip recently, I didnt have my camera on me, so i took some pics using my cell phone, and I was surprised by the result. I was glad that I tried it. I also recorded a small video but dont know how to play it on my computer yet.Micro SD card option is great for transfering pics and video's.Shortcut buttons are the best, once you customize it to your use, you will never have to go thru those menu's again.Blue tooth is another plus, I use it to transfer pics to my PC, I share my phone book entries and pics with my wife.Voice dial is good, considering you dont have to train the phone first, which was the case in earlier samsung phones. Sometimes it doesnt work that good and it also depends on the names in your directory.Cons;The biggest con for me in this phone is the ring tones. I like the simple beep ones and they dont have one single tone of htat kind. All musical ring tones which I really hate.Another problem is reception. I have people in my office area who gets reception with other phones but i dont. Reception is a little poor on this phone.Unlocking the phone every time you have to use it, very annoying.There are not many options for display setting, specially the clock, it comes right on the center of your display pitcure.I have a slight problem with the micro SD card slot, it gets stuck when i nsert it and its really difficult to take it out. It doesnt slide out when I push it in again. I have to use tweesers and I am afraid that it my damage the phone.Over all I will recommend this phone for functionality and looks of it. I wish I could get the simple ring tones and better reception, I would give this phone 5 stars.

I just got this phone a couple of weeks back, very nice phone with all the features this class of phone has. The only issue with hearing music is that i could not get a stereo head set.Pros:* Voice quality is great* Camera is very great* Display is bright and crisp* battery life is good* Music player is goodCons:* Headset connector is a bit flimzy* Spearker phone volume is a bit lower than my sanyo phone* cannot make phone calls without sliding

All in all, very good phone.  It's sliding face is very slick and sure to be eye-catching. Sizewise, the samsung and the motorola razor is almost identical. The width of the samsung may be a bit (and I mean a bit) smaller.  Height is exactly the same.  The thickness of the samsung is a bit larger. Here are the gists of pros and cons:Pros:- very cool looking- the all-black-look may be more geared towards men then women but who knows, they may come out with different colors.- the slider face feels sturdy enough not to worry about breaking it or anything- you CAN make a call without fliping it up using voice-dial, recent call, or phonebook (with minor caveat. see below)- the display is BEAUTIFUL.  Better than anything else in this class phone. (meaning better than razr, slvr, or equivalents)- the photos taken are very good.  However, don't expect too much from the zoom.  If you want a really good phone with camera and nice zoom, go for the nokia6682 which is on sale at the same price right now (june, 2006)- the video is pretty good and crisp for this size phone.  It is hard to say what the limit of the video recording time is because I do not have a miniSD yet.  On the phone memory, I let the video do its thing and then it quit after 1min7sec but it didn't use up all the memory (not even close).  I'm guessing if I got a miniSD, it will record a lot more. (I think it only records a pre-determined ratio of memory that is left to prevent too much memory loss)- The best feature of this phone is the great voice-dialing software.  The voice dialing is very good.  My relatives with heavy accents are able to call all of the entries in the phonebook without any problems. The best thing about this thing is that you DON'T HAVE TO RECORD THE NAME.  The program estimates what you are saying without pre-recording anyone's contact name and does a darn good job at that.  really cool.- battery life seems pretty good.Con:- not much here. But there is one thing that REALLY bothers me. This is the caveat that I mentioned above and the reason my personal rating is 4.5: While you can make calls on the phone and answer calls with the face flipped down, the phone automatically locks the keypad on the face.  Because of this, you have to UNLOCK THE PHONE by making two keystrokes before doing any calling with the face down. This includes calling on voicedial, phonebook, recent calls etc.  I find this to be highly annoying and it seems that this function can not be turned off.  Surely a glitch by samsung programming department.  If there is a way to correct this problem, please post somewhere.- The directional keys are very small and can cause problems if you have thick fingers.Conclusion:the only reason the phone got a 4.5 is because of the requirement to unlock the keypad each time you want to make a call with the face down.  Seems like a very stupid thing for samsung to do.  Otherwise, the phone is very slick, beautiful and full of decent features.  The screen is large and beautiful. The voice-dialing is superve.  All in all, I recommend getting this phone. Now that this phone is out, I would definitely recommend AGAINST getting a razr.  I've had both and the samsumg d807 beats the razor in style, functionality, and pretty much everything else hands down.

I got this phone but discovered that it had a major flaw - the backlight stays on during charging which can be quite disturbing if you leave your phone by bedside for charging. Got it exchanged for a sony W810i.Other cons -Does not come with handsfree headset.Does not come with PC to phone cable.Address book is not very user friendly (true for all samsungs).Pros -Good looks and good layout of top buttons.

I got this phone in March and after a month I really like it.  It is so much better then a flip phone.  It is much more durable and dependable.  The signal coverage it great.  I wish the volume could be turned up higher on the speaker phone, but I usually use a Bluetooth headset, so for most of my calls it doesn't matter.  Some people say the buttons are small.  I find the buttons no smaller or harder to get at then any other comparable sized phone.  My hands are larger then average and I have no trouble using the buttons.  Battery life is awesome and having the memory card slot is a bonus, I can carry around personal files and other digital info, pix, music(mp3), etc.Samsung D807 White Phone (Cingular)

Yeah it might look like a good phone, but the cons really out weigh the pros. Just like everyone else has said, the volume is way too low and most importantly..the LCD screen will suddenly break for no apparent reason.

This is a nice looking phone, no doubt, but it is a piece of poop.  Reception is not good, some buttons are hard to use and it is virtually impossible to open the phone without touching the screen.  My screen actually cracked while opening the phone (which was never dropped) and now the phone is useless.  AT&T won't fix it and neither will Samsung.  Very disappointed in the phone and both companies.  Do your research if you're thinking about buying this.  Lots of people have ended up with cracked screens and been out of luck as a result.

This phone is great, the camera is quite impressive, even when viewing photos on a computer.  Call quality is good, reception is pretty impressive, even a couple levels underground ive gotten nearly full bars of reception.  The battery life is decent, really its the one short coming.  A charge usually lasts me about 2 days, where as before i got about 3 on my Sony Ericsson.  Texting is quite easy, buttons are easily pushed etc.  It is also extremely durable.  I was doing about 50 mph on my motorcycle when it fell out of my pocket.  I turned around and picked it up put the battery back in and it works fine, only a little cosmetic damage.  The interface seems to work well, the MP3 player is decent, could have been arranged a little better.  I did have some trouble with mp3's playing, some just wouldnt work.  Setting mp3's as ringtones is also annoying as you have to cut down the length of a full song to set it as a ringtone.  Overall, the style, usuability, and features on this phone are awesome.  This really is an awesome buy, especually for the price.

I own this phone and have had it now for a few months.1. I found the software to be fine. All I really use it for is to upload music and to download photos to my computer(which contrary to what another reviewer said is quite possible hint: drag and drop).  I got the software for free from the Samsung website.  So maybe we have different software.2.  The call volume.  I was worried most about this because it was a common complaint.  Yes its a little low but its not as bad a people are making it out to be.3.  The music player is ok.  Songs need to be 192kbps or less not solely 192 like someone stated.  No it doesn't have a standard headphone jack but you can get an adaptor which will make it accept standard headphones and therefore probably allow you to play songs through your stereo.4. Until they figure out how to put optical zoom into a phone its camera will never be a stand alone device so don't expect it to be one.5.  I dont have the reception problems that some people have expressed in my area however you can always buy an antenna booster.6.  Yes the keypad is slippery.  When you dial or text with the phone open keys 1,2 and 3 are right against the bottom of the upper portion of the phone.  Tight but livable.

I guess I won't be saying anything anyone hasn't already about this phone's good and bad qualities. I loved this phone while I had it, features and all, but yep almost exactly a year of owning it my screen cracked. I was sad. To some people a year is more than enough time for a phone, but if you plan on buying a phone based on the fact that it will last then pass on this one. If you go through phones quite quick then I guess check this one out.

I've only had this phone for a few days, but I am very impressed with it so far. It is a great price for all of the features that it offers. Great reception, no dropped calls yet (something that I'm not used to), and very easy to use.Pros:-Great style, looks a lot more expensive than it was, but doesn't feel cheap. Feels much more sturdy than the Razr.-Large screen, crystal clear-Built in MP3 player. I haven't played with this feature much, but I intend to once I buy an SD-mini card (really cheap on Amazon).-Voice activated dialing is much more advanced than I was expecing. My last phone had this feature; however, I had to record each name in my phone book in order to use voice activated dialing. With the D807, all you do is press the voice command button then say whatever name is in your phonebook- no pre-recording necessary. The software picks up the name you want without having to repeat it several times.Cons:-I haven't been able to find a way to change the volume setting on the alarm. I use it to wake me up every morning, and it is set at a very high level which is slightly annoying. Not a huge problem though, and I'm sure there's a setting somewhere that will change this.Excellent phone! I highly recommend it over the Motorolla Razr.

the volume is a major dealbreaker - honestly, i wish i had read up on the reviews prior to buying it for myself. it sucks. bad. and everything takes 5 steps, like the address book, or viewing a picture. i swear it doesn't have to be that confusing, yet it is. ugghhhh. you've been warned.

I was prompted to write this review after having thrown the phone in the washer AND dryer accidentally.  Much to my surprise, it still works just as well but obiviously, it's now cleaner.  Once the water dried out from the internal parts, it started to functioning again.  But yes, I panicked for a day!Despite it's resilient qualities, this is still a ho-hum phone.  This is my first Samsung phone after a string of European-made mobiles.  Feature-wise it was no different from my old SE Z500 which I got more than two years ago.  I had to give up menu efficiency once I got this phone.  The worst part of the menu is the lack of differentiation what's inside "Settings" and "My Stuff".  I would imagine that the changing alarm settings can be accessed in the screen as changing dates and times, but this phone makes you backtrack, press, press, backtrack, press, etc. to get there.Overall, ergonomics and lack of features make this a beginner phone not worth what Cingular is charging.

I used to use a swivel-style sony ericsson phone, and received this one as a replacement for that phone.  The phone is very comfortable to hold in your hand, comfortable to talk on, and stylish partially because it's so thin and fits in a pocket comfortably.  It has a multitude of functions including bluetooth, a 1.3mp camera, and an mp3 player.  The bluetooth on this phone is far less irritating to use and actually get connected than my sony ericcson phone was as well.  The screen is very nice and the menu is bright and colorful.  The only cons to this phone is that the volume on the earpiece and the speakerphone aren't very loud.  I've had that problem with most of my phones though so it may just be that I'm hard of hearing.  If you're considering this phone, buy it!

My feelings are quite similar.  I initially purchased a Samsung D807 upon signing a contract with Cingular (of course, they couldnt be more pleased)  I hadn't dropped or jarred said phone, in the least...and yet the screen cracked in my pocket while I was entering my vehicle, 3 months afterwards.  It was thereby rendered useless. I entered Cingular to see how and/or if they could remedy the problem. I got nothing short of a scoff and a few snide remarks letting me know it was my fault, and I was  **** Out of Luck (in those exact words). Samsung was less help, contending the phone was dropped. Billed me for the replacement. 6 months elapse, Same thing happens. I will never, and I mean never even if it involves a 200% markup, purchase another Samsung product as long as I live.  Why you ask? Because quality control slipped through the folds undetected. No compensation. No validation.  As for AT&T, I hope Ma Bell understands that history repeats itself.  BTW, if AT&T has a commercial (business account) division, then how the bloody hell can it bear fruit if there isnt an incentive to sign a business plan; ie we were told the friends and family is less costly than the business plan (and were by no means small).  Insane (and yes I know "they were" trying to fist me like a dummy.) And this is encouraged.  I know he was! Meh.

I've had this phone for a while, now. I'm actually sad to see it go. (cheap charger from fair did it in)I got this phone a couple of months ago, and it's been my baby. It did everything I needed it to, when I needed it to. It never froze or lagged. I know the razr does it all the time, so this was a big plus for me. The bluetooth worked on it wonderfully.Whatever you expect from a phone, this one has it.The only problem I had with it was that it kept slipping out of my pockets, so it did get beat up quit a bit. Other than that, this was MY baby. I already miss it.

I just got this phone today and am loving it!  It seems like many people have complained about the phone always locking but it can be turned off.  Go into "settings" then "phone settings" then "slide settings".  Change the "down" control from "stop operation" to "continue operation".  When this is activated, the sliding down will not send you back to the main screen and lock your phone... it will, however, when on the main screen prompt you if you want to lock it.  If you say no it will stay that way until you open and close it again (which then you tell it again that you don't want it locked).  If you close and don't respond to the prompt for about 2-3 seconds it will then lock the phone.The nice thing about this setting is that while you're playing around with the phone and it is "open", you can "close" it whenever you want without it starting you over at the main screen with your keys locked.This phone is awesome, I definitely recommend buying it!

It is almost impossible to hear the phone ring in public and for that matter even the vibrator is pretty weak.  Even with the alarm, calculators and other such functions they are burried too deep within menus but I think you can change those to your shortcuts and deal with your losses. I guess the + points of this phone are the looks and the feel. Slide is def. the future thing i feel. Speaker phone isn't too shabby either. However my major problems are with the non standard headphone jack, absolutely no accessories and no cables or any software cd to connect your phone with the comp. (you can buy these things separately). But after the passage of initial excitement of owning a new phone I do feel like may be I should have gone for sony ericson or may be good ol' nokia for that matter. But its not so bad once in a while to show off your phone to people because Samgsung D807 is definitely not hackneyed as razor or slvr. I rate this phone between 3-4.

I've had three of these phones and all three have broke. I am very careful with my phones and they still stop working. First one came apart in two pieces due to the slider failing. The second one just became so quiet I could hear anyone anymore. And the third (2 months after being replaced by AT&T) suddenly stop charging. Have three chargers and none of them would charge the battery. Overall, this phone is no good. Find one with no slider and no flip. All they do is break.

I am so glad I waited so long to buy the exact kind of phone I wanted. This phone is too good in all aspects. Good speaker phone, good gui, too many features, inbuilt mp3 player and all this for free!The only con I found was that there is an area on the back side of the phone which seems to have the antenna - atleast the note says that the area should not be obstructed during the call. You tend to hold the phone that soemtimes that area is covered. Not a biggie though since none of my calls have been ever dropped.

I loved this phone, overall, and I'd buy it again (it got stolen) any day.Calls: 4 stars. The sound quality was fine, not excellent, but fine. Reception worked well with cingular in most areas, considerably better than a Sony Ericsson I'd had before. Features to see missed, received, and dialed calls, as well as icons to let you know if you missed a call, work well.Texting: 5 stars. The shortcut key to create a new text message makes texting quick and easy, as well as options to send to recent recipents and other fancy things. Picture texts worked perfectly. Icons to let you know you got a texted were flawless. The best phone I've ever had for texting and for me its main redeeming quality. t9 predictive text works well, isn't the fastest ever, but it works well.Camera: 4 stars. The camera can zoom in a bit and has about 6 or 7 different options for picture taking including grayscale, negative, and sepia. You can add frames to the pictures, that's a bit uneccesary but fun. The actual pictures themselves are fine quality on the phone. You wouldn't want to print them out, but they're fine. There is no cord to transfer pictures to your computer. Bluetooth works well, but you have to reconnect for every picture you want to send, which is a bit time-consuming and inconvenient. The quality of the pictures on a computer is mediocre at best, but fine in small sizes. There is no flash and no digital zoom, only an optical. Shutter lag is about average.Music: 1 star. The mp3 player on the phone is pretty much useless. You can, however, record things and have them be ringtones with it. Other than that, its useless.Slide Design: 3 stars. The slide design looks really good. Everyone always wanted my phone, they were all in awe of the slide design. It is very popular and a really good design. HOWEVER! It has a few major flaws. Mainly, if you are holding the phone to your ear it is very easy to accidentally close the phone and hang up on someone. Also, if the phone is in your pocket you will invariably answer and then hang up on someone while you are trying to get the phone out. That's a major flaw because I was always missing calls because of that.Overall: 4 stars. Its a really good phone, and I will buy it again, but be aware of the slider's flaws. If you're a guy who doesn't wear very baggy pants, I wouldn't buy the phone because of the major problems that occur trying to take it out of your pocket. I just make sure to keep my phone in my purse, but for some that might be too much of an inconvenience.

This slider phone is probably one of the best out there.  originally produced for t-mobile, this has moved on to cingular.  it has a large LCD screen, mini SD card adapter, etc.  a good buy for anyone wanting to be different.

The Good:-Very stylish and sleek design.  It quickly caught the attention of anyone happening to see it.-Very large display.The Bad:-Very low speaker volume made it difficult to hear conversations.  I found myself asking others "What?" or "Can you repeat that?" far too many times.-Poorly designed user interface.The Ugly:-Reception was very poor in a call area that has good coverage.-After two days, I found myself using it more as a paperweight than a phone.  The combiation of poor reception and low speaker volume is a lethal combination that killed all of my interest in a very interesting looking, but fairly useless cell phone.

There are a few pros and cons on this phone. The pros really are the voice command..its pretty easy to use and probably helpful at times. I never use it. I think the worse thing about the phone is the stupid clock. You can change it but everyone blocks half of your screensaver. Don't plan on getting a cool screensaver because you wont get to see it. You can't take the clock off either. The speakerphone is ok but I have had way better. Its low and sometimes hard to hear. With the ringtones you can't save a mp3 and use it as a ringtone which is crappy. The volume of the ringtone is pretty nice. I would say if I had to do all over again I wouldn't have got this phone. I don't love it but have alot more time on my contract...hope this helps

After six days with the D807 I had, I returned it to Cingular for a refund.  This phone is "ok" but the Cingular firmware cripples too many functions (read on) and Samsung has substandard compliance with Bluetooth syncing and Mac/PC interaction.1.  If you are a Mac user, skip this phone because it WILL NOT work with iSync.  If you want to synchronize your address book with the D807, then you have to manually send each item as a vcard export.  If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.  It takes hours.  There is NO way to synchronize your iCal calendars with the phone.  Although it does seem to recognize .ics files sent over bluetooth using file exchange, it is unable to cleanly import them into the phone calendar.2.  This phone WILL NOT work with Salling Clicker.  You cannot use this phone to control powerpoint, VLC or anything else.  Samsung does not support the Bluetooth JSR-82 API and therefore if you want to use this phone as a presentation remote or laptop video remote control, forget it.  It will not work, Samsung has no plans to release a firmware upgrade and Cingular doesn't do firmware flashing anyway.  The author of Salling clicker has written in his support forums that no one should expect this phone to ever work with Salling clicker because Samsung doesn't support the API.3.  Downloading and transfering Java apps is spotty with a PC and just bad with a Mac.  You can transfer the applications over using Bluetooth file exchange, but they end up in the Games folder and not all of them run.  If you have a PC, then you can use the Windows only Samsung software over USB or Bluetooth but the results are still mixed (check Howardforums.com).  Why they even included bluetooth on this phone to then cripple it is beyond me.  The reliable method is apparently to use the phone's web browser to download java apps, this is either 1 cent per Kb or $20 a month extra for bandwidth.4.  The phone has arbitrary limitations imposed by Cingular in the firmware.  First, while you CAN use MP3 files as ringtones, you must edit them on your Mac/PC to make them less than 192Kbps in encoded bit rate and under 600K in size and also under 32 characters in name length.  If you transfer a file larger than this and try to use it as a ringtone, it will say the file is invalid.  This is an absolutely arbitrary restriction since the phone has an MP3 application and can play full size MP3s with it (but still under 192Kbps which isn't so bad considering most people will use pretty weak headphones and won't hear the difference).  Secondly, although the phone can use animated and other GIFs, and JPGs as wallpaper, unless you buy them from Cingular, they must be under 100K in size.  Try getting a 172x220 animated GIF under 100K; its very very limiting.  The phone will happily display large animated GIFs, but will refuse your attempt to set them as wallpaper if they're over that 100K limit.  Incidentally, the D800 unlocked version has a 240x320 screen, much higher definition (but no storage expansion).  Finally, Cingular has removed the ability to set message tones.  You can set ring tones, but if you want your message waiting alert to be something other than the two, quiet, beeps, the phone comes loaded with, you must buy them from Cingular.5.  As another reviewer noted, every single menu item is topped with sales links for add-ons from Cingular.  Clearly, Cingular intends you to buy every little thing for this phone instead of customizing it yourself.  Wallpapers, sounds, ringtones, skins for the menus...everything must be purchased from Cingular until some kind Hacker figures out how to undo all of the restrictions they have placed on the phone.  There is a way to kill the functionality of the links that Cingular has sprinkled everywhere, like a consumer minefield, but the links will still be present.  If you give this phone to a teen, your next bill could be monstrous from the ridiculously priced customization.6.  The camera works well but its a phone camera and it has no flash so don't expect much. Manufacturers are putting better and better chips into phones but I think they're running up against the realities of very tiny optics.  An old 1.3MP digital camera, with the same resolution as a new phone will still give a better picture because of the optics.  On the otherhand, your phone is always right there with you for spontaneous shooting. You can send photos over bluetooth to a Mac/PC just fine. The Phone also has expandable transflash memory, not included by Cingular, and can hold up to a 1GB card.7.  Cingular has crippled the output volume on the earpiece, many people find it far too quiet.  The phone is entirely capable of belting out more volume, this firmware just won't.  For example, the instruction voice for voice command calling is so loud it will make your ears ring...and you cannot turn it down.8.  There is no way to move address cards from the phone to the SIM card without using a Windows PC.  You can save an address to the SIM or to the Phone, but you would need to make another entry to save it to both places.  If you have a windows PC you can download software from Samsung that will permit you to move addresses back and forth from the SIM to Phone memory but since most every other phone can do this with the push of a button, I find this lack of functionality inexplicable.  Saving to the SIM provides an easy and fast backup and since the Samsung won't work with a Mac (the vcard hack is tortuously slow and incomplete in terms of the fields exported) there would be no backup.  PC users can backup by hand using the Samsung software (not provided or linked by Cingular).

The reception quality of this phone is very bad. Voice breaks alot even outside building. Other cingular phones work great inside room as well but not this one.

I really like this phone. It looks cool, the sound quality is great, and unlike my husband with his RAZR I haven't had any dropped calls. I like the slider design. The screen is large and bright.A few quirks: I can't feel it vibrate. I can *hear* the buzzing, but I can't feel it. That's inconvenient and annoying. Also, as someone else mentioned, you have to 'unlock' it if you wish to use it without sliding it open. Now, that's good for avoiding accidental button-pressing, but it should be user-configurable. Lastly, there is a limited number of menu items that can be assigned to the 4 user-defined keys. I wanted to assign one of the keys to To-Do application, but was unable to do so. Calendar, yes; to-do, no.That being said, I highly recommend the phone.

I've had this phone a few days now and I'm loving almost every aspect of it. I switched to this one after growing tired of some of the crappy "features" of my RAZR. This is kind of simple, but I love the fact that if I have a ringtone set for someone, it'd doesn't play every time that person sends me a text.Overall the phone is great, and all the other reviews talking about how great it is are right on, especially when compared to a RAZR. The things I don't like are:- You can't move the text on the screen, so it sometimes covers parts of your wallpaper.- It has mobile IM, but when you try to log in, you can't insert every kind of symbol. If you have an underscore in your email address you're SOL, no IM for you.- You can't change the soft keys to different functions so you always have Menu on the left and Camera on the right.- Call volume is a little weak in my opinion, but it works alright.- As with all Cingular's phones, there're "Shop ______" links at the top of every menu related to pictures, ringtones, videos, etc. It'd be nice if I could just get to my pics without being innundated with menu items that try to get me to buy things from Cingular.- For me, the top row of keys are a little hard to type when texting, but I got used to it, so it's not really that bad I guess.- Downloaded apps go to the Games folder, even when they're not games...I think that's it. The phone is great other than those things, but it's better than any other phone I've had. Beautiful design, great screen, good features, good reception... It's a great phone!

The phone is an excelent value for where i live in the dallas metroplex.  I did have a hard time finding a stereo headset which i purschased from a t-mobile store localy.  I have found the menu to be a bit non-userfriendly, but if you will set your hot keys to what you use the most it will greatly help you navigate the phone.  I have used the mp3 capability and it does work fairly well sound quality is not the best but it plays well compared to similarly priced phones.  You can also load software to organize content on your phone from samsung.com.  Just search the D-807 and look for their software for the phone.  Overall nice phone but it did get the 4 star rating because of overall navigational errors while trying to locate things in the menu, but value wise i would recomend this product to all my friends.

This was my first and will be my last Samsung phone. I have had it for 10 days and have been fairly underwhelmed by it. Now its broken, and nobody will repair it.The camera takes the best photos I have seen from a phone, but the phone features are average at best:1. Call volume and ringer volume is low, even at the highest setting2. It won't synch with a mac (but no Samsung phone will; I knew this upfront)3. Although the keyboard locks when the slider is closed, it unlocks as soon as you receive a call. Several times I have hung up on people by accidentely pressing buttons while retieving the ringing phone from my pocket...4. IMHO Both Sony Ericsson and Motorola have much better contact management. Choosing between home, cell and work numbers for a contact is long winded on the Samsung.5. Today the screen broke so now its useless.I discovered the screen was broken this morning after walking my dog with it in the back pocket of my (loose) jeans. There is no damage to the glass on the front of the phone, but the LCD panel underneath the glass has a crack 2/3 of the way across the screen, rendering it useless. This phone has never been dropped, sat on or otherwise abused. How the screen broke is a mystery to me, but apparently not to anyone who wants to avoid taking responsibility for manufacturing or selling faulty products.First I called Cingular, who refused to take a return on products less than 30 days old and referred me to the point of sale. Then I went to Best Buy (the point of sale) who told me that broken screens are "physical damage" and cannot be returned. When I commented that the phone looked brand new and had no scratches, dents or other signs of physical damage, the manager agreed with me, and suggested "perhaps it happened when you put the phone in your pocket". After more apologies and suggestions from the mamnager of Best Buy ("perhaps you pushed it aginst you ear too hard"), I went back home to call Samsung, who told me (without seeing the phone) that their waranty does not cover "physical damage". The rep gave me an RMA number to appease me, but told me point blank it would not be repaired. Nice.So to summarize, if you think you may put this phone in your pocket, or hold it to your ear, it's not the phone for you.

I had this phone for about three weeks and discovered many of its weaknesses.  First, its MP3 player has the most limited functionality I have ever seen.  You can't organize your MP3s in any way and you cannot have more than one playlist.  Really frustrating when you are playing with a gig of music.  Also you cannot minimize the MP3 player (and do other things while listening) and you can't turn off everything but the MP3 player (for use on planes etc).  Also last I checked it was impossible to charge the phone and use the headphone adapter at the same time, making it inferior for use as a music player in the car.  If you are considering using the MP3 player a lot on this be very worried.Another primary problem was the weakness of the earpiece.  It's not nearly loud enough which is a big problem in noisy environments.On the other side the sliding mechanism is nice, the phone is small and light, and the PC software works great.I switched to a choclate and immediately noticed the earpiece MUCH louder, the MP3 functionality is VASTLY superior (in every way), and at least in my area Verizon + chocolate produced vastly superior call quality over D807 + cingular.

This really is the best designed phone on the market......camera is great (but no flash, which I found out is kinda important).  All the other features are great.  BUt again as previously mentioned CALL VOLUME SUCKS BIG TIME.  Ringer volume is not very loud to hear ringing in the pocket either.  I actually ended up sitting on the phone (was in the back pocket) and cracked the screen 1 month after getting it.  Guess Im destined for a clamshell design. I really like rollover minute with cingular, and world phone/GSM capability (crucial if you travel), but I really think Verizon has better coverage (where Im at anyway).  Im thinking about switching back, but Im defintitely getting rid of this phone.

9.5/10Would get a 10/10 except I don't know how to make it automatically save pictures to the mmemory card, but thats simple to move them over. good call quality, excelent display, excelent form factor, fantastic camera. Voice dial requires no programming and works well, mp3 player is extremely functional and looks great.

I bought this phone today and really love it .This is great phone at a great price. I am impressed by its excellent display and fantastic camera.This phone has a good call quality, MP3 player with good sound, sturdy design, large screen and a lot more. I was doing some surfing and came across this phone at couponalbum site. This phone has all the features that I was looking in.Great style. Great sound quality. Easy to use. Very solid feel. The phone is very beautiful and voice-dialing is superve. The Samsung D807 is a great device for people looking for a rich phone with great style.Its super-slim slider design makes its look more attractive. All in all, I recommend getting this phone. Wow, it's a fanastic phone.

Nice slider phone, wanted a change from the bricks and flip phones.  Bluetooth is great, and the Samsung PC Suite (free download from Samsung) lets you edit your contacts, upload ringtones, and just about anything else you want to do.  Battery life is great, about one week between charges.  The speaker is not the greatest quality, so a headset is recommended.  Cingular did not bundle a headset, so that's extra.  Interface is intuitive and functions are easy to figure out.  Speakerphone sound quality is only marginal.The main selling point of the phone is its sliding and its thinness.  Other than that, it's basically like all other GSM phones.  There are cheaper flip phones that can also do video.I would have given this phone five stars if the sound quality was better.

It is pretty much samsung version of chocolate phone except for no touch screen and 150 dollars cheaper. It has MP3 and most of all it is free if you sign up for 2 years.

I recently purchased a brand new Samsung D807 online for $199.  Right out of the box, the handset is a work of art.  My first thought was that this phone would show scratches very easily.  I was mistaken, however.  After a couple weeks of use now, I have noticed no signs of wear and tear and the only thing that shows up is a bit of dust and any fingerprints I leave on it which are easily wiped off with a soft cloth or whatever else you have at your disposal.Powering on the phone, it was clear that the screen has a beautiful color display which much more clear than the screen on my Cingular RAZR V3.  The phone is very easy to slide up and down and is easily opened with one hand.Making calls is very simple to do.  Samsung makes it even easier by adding voice dialing which is much easier to use than the RAZR.  One thing that may be a problem for those with ears that are not ultra sensitive like mine, the volume on both the earpiece and speakerphone may be a bit low.  I have not had a problem with that though.Reception is very good.  You just have to make sure to not rest your hand on the antenna panel on the top back of the handset as to not hinder the performance of the antenna.As of yet, I have not had the chance to use the MicroSD slot and download mp3s onto the phone, so I will not be able to comment on that.Overall, this is a well functioning phone that is very well constructed with easy to use software.  I recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a fashion phone that looks different than the Motorola RAZR (the reason I bought it).

I bought a D807 and a logtech Mobile Free Headset from amazon. They rock! This phone has all features I need. Bluetooth and camera. The voice dialing is very cool. If you want to call somebody when driving, all you need to do is press the button of the bluetooth earpiece and say "call ***", then the cell phone will confirm and connect automatically. This is awesome coz you won't worry to be caught by cops when driving and more importantly, you are safer.

I tested this phone for about 3 days. I was impressed by it's performance. It does have a slot for a memory card to store pictures or music. The camera is high quality with video capability. This is a slider phone, which is a unique style, but I found very hard to open with one hand. If you have a bluetooth headset, this would fix that problem.

First of all, poor reviews like June 20th, 2006 stating "Can't Keep Phone Number" should be removed from this post. The rater complains about the carrier's service problems but fails to address anything regarding the functionality of this wonderful phone. I shopped around alot before choosing this--my first samsung--after many different Nokia models. I was reluctant to change to a new brand with different accessories but it was worth it! The Samsung D807 works great in almost every category. The menu screen is gorgeous and scrolls with ease. I learned most every function of the phone without having to refer to the owners manual.Photo quality is terrific and 1.3 is plenty of pixels for average user. I have no problem with the default setting for picture brightness and there's no need to adjust it before each photo. I've read that the new Nokia 3.1 cameras (N90, etc.) are not producing better pictures than this one. I have yet to try the MP3 or other internet features. My phone reception is just as good as my last Nokia 6230--which was great. I love the slider feature and am happy that I did not choose a flimsy flip phone like the upcoming Razor V3i.The speaker phone is extremely loud and the ringer is too. My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)

I got this phone as a replacement for my second, terrible Sony S710a, which never worked properly. I have extremely mixed feelings about this phone. It is much smaller than my old phone, with many of the same features. So far, it seems to work okay, as far as reception, and the outgoing voice quality has been reported to me as much better, than my old phone. The screen is also very nice, and the sliding mechanism seems to work well. However, there are a number of issues i have with this phone, and I am seriously consdidering returning it to Cingular.Pros:-Nice Screen-Small-Good slide funcion-Nice bright screen-Sleek design-Good voice qualityCons:-The screen cover seems extremely fragile. Gently pushing on it causes discolaration/distortion on the screen.-The slide function, while nice, seems flimsy. The two halfs don't  seem to be well put together.-It is way to quiet, both the ringer and when on calls. I routinely miss calls with it in my pocket, just because it is so quiet. And forget making calls in public, cause you won't be able to hear the person.-The button "beeps" are loud. Also, although the phone has multiple options for keytones, none of them work, regardless of which one i choose.-The center button on the keypad launches the cingular web browser. Not a huge issue, but it seems like a cingular money making strategy, cause i accidently start the web browser really regularly.-When texting, it only shows one word option at a time (on T9 mode). If the word you want isn't the first one, you have to push  0 until is comes up with the right one. And if you miss it, you have to go all the way through again.-Perhaps one of the most annoying cons is that when the charger is plugged in, the backlight never turns off. I, like most people i know, charge their phones at night, but i have to put this one under stuff.-Cingular cripples your ability to use full mp3 files as ringers, so you have to edit each song to use as an mp3.-For some reason, my phone stores all incoming texts on the SIM card, which meens i can only get thirty before moving or deleating them. The phone can hold 500, but i am unable to change this setting.-Wierd menu's. I hated my s710a, cause it didn't really work, but Sony Ericson or Nokia should write the book on GUI's. Stuff is in all sorts of wierd places. It takes five button pushes to get to things like the alarm clock, and multple botton pushes to find different parts of the phonebook.-Cingular does not insure this phone. Of course, they didn't tell me this until after i had switched to it. This wouldn't concern me so much if it didn't seem so fragile. Lockline, the insurance company, does not know when/if they will start insuring this phone. They say it has something to do with the quantity available. This worries me, only cause it makes me think there is something wrong with this phone, and they know it.-Finally, when i got it from Cingular, my voicemail wasn't set up. It took Cingular tech support 45 min. to fix it, and in the end, I figured out the problem, not them.So, yet again, this seems to be another Cingular style over function phone. I will give it a while longer, before likely returning it to Cingular under their thirty day return policy.

I have not had this handset very long, so won't position this as more than a preliminary review. Many attractive features. A few peeves noticed straight on:1. Annoying screen lock issue noticed by everyone2. Seemingly very flimsy charger connection point with a door over it3. Can only sort phone book first/last, not last/first; doesn't everyone sort by last name???

i've tried several phones in the past few months: LG3200 with push to talk; motorola sliver; nokia 6682; sony W600i.  I loved the sony, but it kept saying no network coverage; as it was backordered, i couldn't get another so cingular sent me this samsung.its ok. i like the size and the menu is easy to use.  its fairly cool looking;  camera quality is not bad for a camera phone;  the sound is kinda low, i miss calls cuz i dont hear it ringing and it is hard to hear peopel when talking while i'm driving; its hard to hear over the engine noise-- and i don't have a loud car; mostly i have only a few things that drive me nutz. one being that the screen doesnt turn off when you are charging it.  so if you are like me and charge your phone at night next to your bed in case it rings... i have to turn it upside down.the other thing is that when it imported into the address book from the sim, it put all the last names first.  however, not all my contacts have last names, so it is sometimes hard to find ppl.  i have not had time to edit 180+ contacts.there is no radiothe mp3 player is kinda crappy -- mostly cuz its not very loud.  I dont have a mini card yet to see if I can transfer more than 30 seconds of music on there.  the only stuff i have i got via bluetooth from friends.  Also every menu option on the phone has a place where cingular wants you to spend money: buy wallpaper, tones, email, etc.  it is a landmine so careful what options you go to.also, i havne't found a bluetooth i like and there is no headset.  the speakerphone works ok but only if htere is no other noise and you listen carefully .all in all, i'm waiting on the latest sony w800i to be released for cingular.
