
My fiance was pining hard for the Motorola RAZR, so he and I went to the Cingular store near our house and picked up a RAZR for him and an MPx220 for me.  I had gone in originally intending to purchase a V551, which had all the basic features I wanted.  However, upon using the V551, I quickly realized that the UI would drive me nuts in the space of a day.  As I was playing with the demo phone, I realized I had no idea what I was doing and that randomly pushing buttons would get me nowhere quickly.After dismissing the V551 on the basis of kludgy UI, I picked up the MPx220.  Perhaps it's because I'm a Windows user, but I found it very intuitive to work with.  I was changing the wallpaper on the phone and taking photos within 15 seconds of picking it up.  The feature-set is very nice, but for me the key point was usability.The package came with a charger, a USB cable for syncing to your PC, and a CD-ROM with ActiveSync and Outlook 2002.  I use Thunderbird as my email client, but installed Outlook (and configured it NOT to be an email client) so I could sync up contacts and my calendar - this phone will happily double as your PDA, and I think it will probably do a better job than my last PDA did.Syncing was quick and easy, and I was also able to download a number of applications from sites like handango.com.The sound quality is good (I have the 1.30 ROM) and so far I've had no problems calling my fiance or having him call me.  The phone aspect works well, though I have not yet tested the speakerphone or the bluetooth.My only problem thus far with the phone has been the picture caller ID.  The generic picture caller ID is a blue man-blob, so I took a photo of my fiance and selected "Attach to contact".  I then tried several times to get him to call me and see if his picture would show up - it didn't.  After beating my head against the very obtuse manual (another reason to have a good UI), my fiance said, "Well, it IS Windows - try rebooting your phone."  Sure enough, the next time he called, his photo showed up like it should.This is a great phone overall - sleek, sexy, full of useful features, and easy to use.  But it's not without its quirks.  I would definitely recommend this phone, as the features are worth an occasional minor annoyance.

I bought phone without contract and I was amused that it came  Unlocked! I popped in my old  T-mobile SIM and it worked! My phone also featured latest firmware - 1.3.

I just got this phone 2 days ago, as an upgrade from my ageing T720. A huge step up. It is considered a medium to large flip phone. It is the same size as the T720 (including antenna). I do not consider it large, plus I like that it feels like a full sized phone when opened and in use. This is a business oriented phone and has the features to back it up. But the entertaining media features are why I bought this phone.Design: The antenna that seems to go across the top of the phone may only seem odd in pictures, but is actually not. It also makes holding the phone open more comfortable. Button layout is good. And the internal screen is colorful and big (2 inches diagonally).My only problem here seems to be that the phone's left side earpiece volume rocker is too easily changed. This only changes the level of sound in the earpiece (not speaker phone or ring tones). It is the only button that is not recessed into the phone's side. (I wish it was) Power and camera button on sides work fine. While the phones external screen turns off after a few seconds to save power, hitting the volume button quickly turns it on to let you see the time and date as well as battery and antenna levels. It's a trade off here useful and bothersome, but after a while its fine.Features: The camera's quality is another problem for some people. It is a mega pixel camera, but its pictures lack the fine detail of other comparable camera phones. The highest resolution pics are "1280 X 960". They look fine in bright outdoor settings. Any where else and the pics quality get noticeably worse. I would not even try to use it at night.(unless very well lighted) It does have a flash, but should only be used for face shots only a few feet away. Even then at night the pics may be ok to view for awhile, and then delete.All that said I could have typed 10 times more about how great this phone is. I just wanted to let you know what some of the problems were and how they might annoy you.The GOOD :+++ Voice clarity (quad band = better reception in more places)+++ Speaker phone (loud and clear)+++ Windows Media Player 9 (allows mp3 and video playback) I can watch recorded TV from my PC on the player and listen with the speaker phone. Just use "Windows Media Encoder 9", and their "Pocket PC" setting. It can even encode clips taken with my Canon camera. (Note: the larger or longer the media the longer it will take to encode.) Runs clips at 259KB per second. Look fine with little to no lag. (4 min clip = 6.5mb) Clips can be run sideways in full screen mode. There are no fast forward or rewind options.+++ Easy sync with PC (Sync calendar, contacts, task, inbox)+++ Bluetooth (I haven't used this feature yet)+++ Mini SD expansion (now available up to 256mb, soon 512) great for packing in music, video or pics from other sources.+++ Runs newest version of Microsoft Windows Mobile 2003 Second Edition.The phone works great, plays mp3's and video. This alone will justify the cost. The fact that it is a smart phone means that there are many more applications that can be added to this phone. (check [...] for more) This makes it more that worth it, this is a great phone.

can't resend Messages.  i need to forward them.can't turn off message alert or voicemail alert with the mute button, i needed to wait till the entire song is done.can't arrange menu items.I am not too crazy about it, but overall i am ok with it.I love the way it sync w/ my outlook, this is my palm and phone all in one.

I have had this phone for over a month now, and the more I learn to use it, the better it gets. A lot of people complain about the low volume, so that was a concern, but I found several ways to make the phone louder. The simplest way is to change your profile (the Outdoor setting is sufficiently loud for me). Another way is to modify the profiles' volume settings (I overdid this the first time and nearly fell off my chair when my phone rang). You can also increase the in-call volume by adjusting it during a call (use a second phone to call yourself and adjust the volume then).I really just wanted a good phone with some basic PDA features, so this phone truly exceeded my expectations. I can record videos, take high-res pictures (the phone has a MiniSD slot which now holds a 512MB card), listen to mp3s, and assign real music ring tones. Oh, yeah -- it has Outlook and IE, among other things. Lots of neato downloadable software at handango.com. As for how to use/optimize/troubleshoot the phone, I learned a lot by going to howardforums.com (look up Microsoft Smartphone). I'm not exactly the techy type, but so far, those who are that play with my phone get pretty impressed (to quote some of them, "SWEEEEET!").

1 I had to have returned, the other has the following problems:-Cannot change phone from silent to normal-Cannot edit any profiles to allow it to ring-Icons popup and won't go away-Phone locks upSay goodbye to this phone.

I agree with other reviewers that the quality of the sound from the speaker with and without the earpiece is terrible. I love the other features of the phone such as the calendar and the Outlook sync which means that my phone now carries my schedule, contacts, and tasks. The battery life is not as long as advertised if you continously open the phone and look at your schedule or call your friends. Overall I like the phone but the sound quality is an issue.

This phone is terrible.  The most important feature, call quality has a lot to be desired.  Frequently drops calls and/or does not display external caller id.  If you shut the phone too quickly or set it down without being extremely careful, it turns off.  One would think this would be due to a loose battery but the battery is very secure.  There is no pattern or display indicating that the phone is even on if the phone is shut!  Frequently changes the date and time by itself!  No way to change between call history of recently dialed calls to recently received calls.  Vibrate option is not strong enough.  Speaker volume, even with the newest revision is STILL not nearly loud enough.  At the loudest setting, it is at a normal volume.  Using this phone under any but the perfect situation is terrible.  Overall, this phone is probably the worst phone I've EVER USED!!!

Pros:  Windows Mobile in a small clam-shell style phone.  Nothing else like it, really.  It plays Audible.com audiobooks, MP3s (don't need iTunes), syncs up with Outlook, and you can download all kinds of cool software. You can even expand the memory with a 1GB SD card.  It does everything an iPod can do and much more.Cons: The hinge is poorly designed, so if you drop it or flip it open too fast,  it will most likely crack.  I've glued mine twice already.  I've dropped other phones without any problems (other than minor scratches).

I Love my MPx220, It's a great phone, it's really neat, I think that the RAZER is to slim and will break easier then, the mpx220, and is much cheaper then the razor. Its Microsoft Windows based so it has many features that other phones do not. I think the MPx220  is top of the line for Cingular.

This Motorola MPX220 phone does it all and it is  the MOST VERSATILE MOTOROLA GSM cell phone I guess. It works fine with a 1 GB minisd card.The best part of this phone is the "MiniSD memory card" expansion slot which makes it NEVER obsolete at all.I bought a 1 GB (YES I mean ONE GB !!) SANDISK minisd card and it took it perfectly fine. The resource Manager in Windows mobile OS, showed that the minisd card had 968.25 MB of usable minisd card memory excluding the card formatting related memory usage. Even though it is a 1 GB card, I think it has only 1000 MB memory, whereas it should have been 1024 MB strictly speaking.It was very hard to find info from other reviewers of this phone on the net, on successfully using a 1 GB miniSD card with this phone. Most of them talked about only using 512 MB card.  I took a chance with the 1 GB minisd card and it recognized it perfectly and worked fine. I love this phone.The digital camera, video camera, mp3 player, voice recorder - all work very well. You can sync up with your PC or transfer files/songs to this phone using the USB cable that comes with the phone.I'm yet to use the Bluetooth, voice commands, InfraRed ports, outlook, Internet Explorer features in this phone.The OUTDOOR profile really makes the phone loud enough for voice calls and for playing MP3 or CD quality songs, that you can literally use it as standalone invisible CD PLAYER and listen to the songs from a 15 feet distance in a quiet room!! How about that !!In fact this is my single cute carryon PDA / cell phone / mp3-player / digital photos library/ alarm clock /digital camera / basic video camera / voice recorder etc etc. Period. What else can you ask for, from this little WONDERFUL beauty from Motorola !!!The phone's speaker sounds very good with even my MP3 songs compressed to 40:1 ratio (I took a 40 MB cd quality song and converted it into a 1 MB filesize mp3 song at 32 kbps quality).It is a QUAD band GSM phone and so it can used in any GSM cell phone network in the world with the proper SIM card from that gsm carrier. Of course, it has to be unlocked from your carrier, before you can use it in any GSM network.The only major complaint I have with this phone is that it responds very slowly sometimes and so I have to power off and then power on (essentially reboot windows mobile OS in it) for it to work in full speed. Any windows user knows what I'm talking about. Otherwise I would give this phone a 10-STARS rating.

This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone. The speaker volume is terrible, drops calls for no reason, refuses to accept incoming calls for no reason, the charger interface is crappy, the battery runs out in a few hours despite turning off the IR and bluetooth, the camera button is misplaced (takes photos of the inside of your pocket), and the power button is on the outside (turns off accidentally).Sure the MS Mobile functionality is great but I will probably never by a Motorola phone again.I just sold the phone for on Craigslist and bought a Sony Ericsson Z520 - awesome phone so far.

This phone is beautiful. Tons of features, my mom jus got it for me for xmas (early lol). Camera is absolutely incredible for a cell phone. 1280x960, all the way down to 120x76 (?) or around there. Flash is decent. Filming is nice, makes good litte clips. Expandable slot (going to buy one of those) for mini (not normal sd!!) cards. Pretty cheap, google them. 64mb should be enough. Tons of features, full internet (IE)....downloadable programs (google - for programs)....lots of nice things. External display is great, u can put ur  own pic in there. Anything u can think of, this thing probly has it. It plays videos, music (mp3), and everything else.150% reccommend it.

Nice phone, in theory. Looked up all the info and reviews on line, sounded like a great piece of hardware. Got all the right specs.However, be warned, if you are thinking of transfering .jar files via MiniSD card, over the USB cable, iRDA or BT and expecting them to run, forget it. I have searched high and low for a solution to this problem. It is set up to not run Java (files are not associated, and will not install/run when selected) except through GPRS downloads, so that your service provider can make money every time you want a new game. I am actually a programmer, and I wanted a phone that I could run Java games on after I developed them. Looks like I made a big mistake with this one. Not happy about this at all. If I find a solution I will update on this review. Other than this major flaw, the phone is pretty decent. Sigh.Update:Ok, I did finally find a way to install .jar files, but it is technical and complicated. Found it in an MPx220 FAQ (you can google it). You have to set up a server on your pc, set the phone to access the web through the USB cable instead of GPRS, then browse to the IP of your PC and make sure the .jar files are in the directory with the server application. The FAQ site detailed how it is all done. Then you can click on them and they will download and install. A lot of effort, but it can be done.However, I am still not enitrely happy, as the sound seems to be out of sync with .jar games, including the ones that come pre-installed. Now I am considering returning. I ought to be happy with my purchase, but I am feeling disappointed. It is not preforming as it should.If you don't want to play .jar games, it's probably fine. Now I am uncertain about SmartPhones in general. Learning experience for sure.

Hi,I have had the mpx200 before I bought this one.I had this os on the 200, and so cannot explain the os differences.The 220 is much faster than the 200.I like the camera, for a phone, the camera is great, I actually used it to get a quote on a car repair estimate.Here are my gripes:1. The 200 had a usb "hat" connector, it charged and synced, the cable is the same as the sony camera connector. The 220 uses a standard motorola "fat" plug. So, all of my accessories do not work... And I had a bunch.2. 200 had a deskstand that charged and synced, the 220 does not have one, and there isnt one from motorola. The stand is necessary so that for 8 hours at work, while the phone is at work on your desk, it is not getting scrached. For the amount of money, they could have thrown in a deskstand.3. This problem is most likely that of the OS which is MS. The 220 has excellent voice recognition capabilities, yet they do not work with a bluetooth headset, but if you use a regular (wired) headset you can. Yes I checked this, and trust me, this is in their manual.-Edward

Bought the phone looking at all the features..., using it for last 2 months, most of the features work as expected.But phone turns off when you press end-call button. No visible or audible warning that phone is shutting down. There is no specific pattern, but happened more than 25+ times in the last two months.Unable to access voicemail using "1" key. Cingular blames it on Motorola and Motorola blames it on Cingular.Cingular coverage (at least using this phone) is not good at all. I was with T-mobile, and I feel they have much better coverage.Called Cingular, about warranty exchange, not helpful at all. They can't check the phone at their stores, instead they will send a brand new phone, then I need to send my current phone to them, and if they find any physical or liquid damage they will change $425 (they claim it is the cost of the phone). Looks like they have a plan to sell more of this and take the money....

This not a phone. It is a mini computer. An iPod. and moreSync with Outlook for all of your contacts.Play all mp3.Watch mpeg and 3gp movies.Take flash pictures (yes, not as good as my 5 M pixels camera)Take short movies.Play games (Chess, pack-man, space invaders)And then you can talk on the phone including Bluetooth headset.

I've been waiting to upgrade my Siemens S40 phone for quite some time. I have a friend who has the first version of the MPx220 and even though there were software problems he still loved the phone.  When the MPx220 was reintroduced with the new software, i purchased the phone. I've had it for a couple of weeks now and love it. Syncing (I just downloaded the latest Microsoft ActiveSync 3.8) with Outlook has resulted in no problems at all.  The ringer volume is not a problem but it did take about a week to adjust to the headset volume which isn't as loud as it was on my old phone. I think part of it has to do w/ the phone design (you have to offset the phone from your ear to hear better).As for the bad, I haven't done too much w/ pictures, but the few that i did take were not that impressive.If you are looking for a smartphone, I'd definitely recommend checking out the mpx220.

I purchased this phone since it is a GSM world band phone and I was about to travel overseas.  However, when I called Cingular to activate international roaming before leaving, I was told that no new activations are offered for countries which AT&T had roaming agreements with.  Thus the phone will not work in those countries.  So, to make a long story short, this phone will only work in the USA until Cingular and AT&T merge their networks.  This may take a long time!

I should have known I wasn't going to like this phone the minute I picked it up. It felt too light and "tinny.". The sound quality was weak with and without the earpiece. The speakerphone was barely audible. Within one day the battery cover wouldn't snap back in place. Before the end of the first week, it shut down and wouldn't start again. I switched back to Verizon and bought the Samsung i600. Love it. No comparison except both have the PocketPC OS.

There are many conflicting reviews of this phone on the 'net. I was a bit skeptical at first and was leaning towards the SMT5600, but finally decided to try my luck and plunged into the Motorola MPX220 waters.I've had this phone for 2 weeks. Bought it online, unlocked, OEM version (mobilecityonline). The manual is barely usefull, but I did not need it anyway. The windows mobile 2003 is intuitive enough to allow me to navigate the menus and configure it as I wanted.My service is provided by T-Mobile USA. The phone reception is very good, the volume is good, not very loud, but loud enough. All features work as advertised. I currently use a bluetooth headset, a bluetooth GPS, and transfer files between the phone and my PC using a bluetooth USB adapter.Data services also work -providing you pay for the service- very well. I have configured it to connect and syncrhonize with Exchange server every 5 minutes, so I'm up to date with my emails, calendar and contacts. MSN IM also works fine and Pocket Internet explorer also works well. Not all sites display correctly in the tiny screen. If you want to navigate the entire internet, I recommend getting Opera for smartphones.The camera is not up the level of my expetations. It works acceptably well in sunny days in exteriors, but do not even try to use it in interiors or at night. The quality of the V300's camera is much better.Battery life I've found to be very good. It last about 2 days, but if you consider that the phone establishes a GPRS connection every 5 minutes, in addition to my IM sessions, voice calls, file transfer, powering the mini-SD card, playing videos, etc, the battery is actually pretty good. Since this is a new toy, I'm constantly showing it off and playing with it. I exect it to last longer once I start using it normally.I have found it compatible with every device I've used. From an iPAQ 4155 (both bluetooth and Infrared), to GPS devices, to other phones (like Sony Ericson models). Activesync also works fine and very fast.This is my first clamshell so I'm getting used to it. The form factor is sleek, looks very professional.I have found the voice recognition (not voicetags) is very efficient. it requires quite a number of interactions with the phone but even with my accent, the accuracy is amazing, even with the road noise as a background.My headset device is a Bluetooth Motorola HS850. Before I was using a BodyGlove bluetooth earpiece. Both work well but the Motorola has a clearer sound.The phone came originally with firmware 1.32 in chinese. That made me freak out at first when I got it out of the box, but slowly I found the Control Panel, then the regional settings and changed the language to English. I discovered the settings by looking at the icons. I currently have firmware 1.43 which is english only (and spanish), not chinese.I am very satisfied with the MPX220. I have no complains so far, everything works as I expect. GPRS data connection is very dependable. The bluetooth headset is a blessing. the screen is very bright, although in very sunny and bright days it may be difficult to see, but in my experience, that happens to every phone I've had (mostly Nokias)I have installed several applications: Opera browser, Agile messenger (Yahoo, AOL, ICQ), Sprite backup, Connected bits weather report, and Pocket TV MPEG player. All work very well. The phone hasn't hung or restarted itself everI do not like the fact that Motorola used its aold full connector, instead of a simple USB cable. I also would've preferred the phone used a standard SD card, and not the mini SD it uses, that had me buy yet another card for the phone. I currently have a 256 MB mini-SD where I store all the programs and documents, so I reserve the phone memory to run programs.The clamshell design feels solid when fully open, but when closed, the door feels a bit more shaky, but again, this is my first clamshell, so I'm not sure if all are the same. My wife's Samsung feels more secure though.The phone is also a quad-band world-phone (850/1900, 900/1800) so it works everywhere (Europe, Asia, America). It is in my opinion, targeted to professionals who travel and need to keep connected all the time.Final words: this is not a phone you need, this is a phone you want. If you have to have the lastest gadget, you like computers, and you are going to use all the features, and more important, if you can afford it, then go ahead. If you just want to ge a phone to make phone calls and take a picture, there are other cheaper models, easier to use available out there. Remember this phone is actually a computer that makes phone calls, it runs Windows (windows Mobile 2003 second edition) so you need to be familiar with computers, file managers, etc to work with it.Many people complain about the phone and I realized that in many cases, they just don't know how to use the phone. If you are familiar with computers in general, and windows in particular, then the user interface is very intuitive, if you don't like computers, you are going to hate this phone. The documentation that comes with the phone is not going to help you at all, and you are going to be frustrated.Hope this helps you make an informed decision when evaluating this phone.

This phone has features that sound great in theory but in reality they don't work as advertised.I purchased this phone from BestBuy and tested another piece at BestBuy's store and both had the same problem: "Speakerphone is just useless", regular phone speaker appears just little less loud (it's not very loud to start with) at highest setting than this phone's speakerphone set to the highest volume. I checked the ROM version and it was 0.342 which is supposed to be the one which fixed this problem, but it looks like it didn't. If you use speakerphone often better stay far away from this phone.Second major problem is that screen is almost unreadable on external light, especially on a clear day.Third problem is that is very difficult to use this phone while driving because operations like finding a number in the phone book or turning on the speakerphone always require few additional keystrokes than the regular phones due to multi-menu based navigation interface which can be few levels deep.Fourth major problem is the camera which is of very poor quality, cheapo phone like Motorala V400 takes photos with much better image quality although it's camera has lower resolution.Phone is not really made to be primarly cell phone with additional features, but rather the opposite. Some simple voice communication features are made overly complex. Good point is that many features can be customized to high extent but you pay the price in lack of simplicity and user friendliness.I bought this phone because I wanted to get a phone with camera, speakerphone and few additional calendar/scheduling features and out of these 3 features that I wanted only calendar/scheduling seems to be useable, but that feature I can get in much cheaper phones. Speakerphone didn't really work and camera was quite bad, so it didn't make much sense for me to pay over $300 for it. You would expect that a phone with this price tag would have some decent build quality while MPx 220 has below average build quality. It would've been a nice phone if all it's features would work as advertised.

The phone volume was low, regardless of the firmware version. Using a BlueTooth headset made it a lot more useable, but this phone isn't good enough in other respects to justiy that requirement. Data entry sucks. Most web browsing renders sites too small to be really useful. The Outlook integration is terrific, but without fast entry, sending email or typing documents is tedious. With shiesty audio volume, the PDA aspects of the phone seem even worse.

The best feature on this phone is the reception. It will get several bars in places where the MPx200, even with Windows 2003, had no service. The MP3 sounds excellent and you can add unlimited programs to your phone with the addition of a mini SD card. Note, this phone takes MINI SD cards, not standard, and these have to be ordered online right now (Amazon.com sells them at far better prices than technology stores interestingly enough), so order one with your phone. An excellent investment.

There is nothing greater than saying to your friends, "My phone is a little computer.  It has a 200MHz duel core processor."I have owned the Mpx220 since it first came out in November 2004.  This phone is basically a miniature computer.  You can install all kinds of software, surf the web, check/write e-mail, and best of all you can customize this phone like no other.  Check out the following website ([...]) it has tons of great info about the Mpx220, including links for free software and customization info.*Reception* - (Excellent)I have used this phone in Florida and many other southeast states for about 1 year and three months now and I have never had a dropped call.  Everyone I talk to thinks I am on a land line and they always sound crystal clear on my end.  For all you Nokia users, this phone sounds just as good as the best nokia phones (I have owned 3 nokia phones).*Sound Quality*Overall the sound is crystal clear - the speakerphone can get a little distorted if you have it adjusted to laud.* Features*Camera - Works decent in well lit places, but like 98% of all camera phones don't expect print quality photos. If you want a phone with a good camera buy a phone with a "CCD" camera not a "VGA" camera, which is what the Mpx220 has.  I have found the flash to be a startling surprise at most.  The best part about the flash is the fact that you can impress people by saying, "The camera on my phone has a flash" until they actually see it.MP3 Player - The mp3 play that comes on the phone is windows media player mobile.  It works well.  The great thing is because this phone is a little computer you can install many other mp3 players and you can also customize with skins.  There are also audio editors available.Video Camera - The video camera is basically the say as the still camera.  Don't get me wrong it does work but let's be realistic people "it's a phone".MiniSD Card Slot - Great feature - a must haveBluetooth - I use this to sync with Outlook.  You can also connect to the internet through bluetooth.*Customize It* (anything and everything)Because this phone runs the mobile version of windows (windows the most commonly used operating system in the world) the ability to customize goes beyond 99% of all other phones.  From the startup sound to the noise the camera makes when you take a picture, you can change it.  You can change the colors, the menus, the backgrounds, you can download themes and skins, and you can even download software that will help you do all of this.  Plus, when customizing you don't have to pay your service provider to send you stuff like a lot of phones require.Pros:1. Do I have to say it again - "It's a freaking computer"2. It has everything (still cam, vid cam, mp3 player)3. Reception - Excellent4. Quad Band - works world wide5. Sound Quality - Excellent6. The looks alone are impressive.7. Sync with Outlook - no more typing in contacts for hours.8. Battery - among the top9. CUSTOMIZATION - I can't stress this enough - almost anything  you don't like about this phone can be customized.  You no longer have to wish the maker had done this or that you can change it yourself.  If you don't like the MP3 player download a new oneCons:1. It is a little slower starting up than other phones (still less than 60 seconds), but that is because you are starting a computer which loads an operating system just like a desktop or laptop.  Most likely you will only do this once a day at the most so who cares.2. It's not perfect - just like all cell phones now and forever.P.S.  Reviews are supposed to be on the "cell phone" itself not on Motorola or Cingular's customer service.  So, all you morons out there who can't figure out how to use a cell phone please don't right a review on your experience talking to a foreigner.

This is my second favorite phone of all time but, unless you must have the "clam shell" form factor and/or 900mhz GSM the Audiovox SMT5600 (also on Amazon) is smaller, higher quality, and and several hundred dollars less expensive. Regardless of the phone you chose, however, I hope you have more luck with Cingular than I did.There's simply not enough time or room to recount all of my problems with Cingular but I'll provide a brief recap. I have service with Cingular and with AT&T.; The problems began when I tried to merge my two services into one account (Cingular did acquire AT&T;, right?), upgrade my service plan, and upgrade the AT&T; phone. Simple enough, right? Wrong.After (literally) four visits to the store (and 3+ hours of waiting for a sales person), 10+ phone calls (and speaking with over 30+ people), and completing several forms on the web I thought I had finally solved the problem and everything was fine. THEN my phone showed up ... it was the wrong one!!! Attempts to get the problem resolved on the phone failed (we can't do that here), attempts to return it to the store failed (that was sent to you by our phone sales group, you can't return it here), and a final desperate attempt to resolve it through Cingular's Office of the CEO was meet by "you shouldn't have tried to transfer your service from AT&T; to Cingular" (i.e. it's your fault) and "you're trying to order the most expensive phone we have, what do you expect us to do, give you a free one?" (i.e. you're trying to cheat us).My experiences can basically be catagorized in the following fashion:* You're an AT&T; customer, this is Cingular; you'll need to call AT&T; if you need help.* You're a Cingular customer, this is AT&T; you'll need to call Cingular if you need help.* You're a corporate customer, this is the retail group. You'll need to call business services for that.* You did that over the phone, this is a store, you'll need to take up that problem with telesales.* You did that in the store, this is telesales, you'll need to take up that problem with the store.* That can't be done over the web.* Sorry, I don't know how to do that.Regarless of which phone you ultimately purchase, good luck!...msg

This phone is excellent.  Many of the people who are complaining have not downloaded the latest phone software update.  This fixes all the problems.  Any body that complains about speaker volume probably did not get their update.  Also, you have to be familiar with Windows and computers to sucessfully use this phone.  I feel that most people who say "they can't take it off vibrate", or "Unable to access voicemail" or "can't get pictures", are probably not too good with computers.  For example, I had the voicemail problem, but kept tinkering until I found the place to input the voice mail number.  The camera is 1.2MP, but it is grainy.  I can't figure out why people are talking about bad reception.  I have never had a problem, but I live in a fairly big city.  Finding contacts is really neat.  You can spell either the first or last name, and after a few letters it narrows it down to a few choices.  One thing I am disappointed in is that you can not use an 80211.b mini SD card for wireless internet.  You have to buy megabytes of internet usage, starting at $4.99 a month.  I am very happy so far.

You have to judge a cell phone primarily by how well it works as a phone.  Not as a PDA, or MP3 player or GameBoy or web browser or any other cool geeky gadget.  For a phone that retails for $400, the MPx220 has some embarrassing defects.  Yes, the 1.30 update seems to have 'solved' the low sound problem, except now my mic has a slight feedback/echo effect that callers find distracting and unpleasant.  I also hate that I have to manually enter the date and time, and that I have to scroll through menus to change the ring volume (just let me use the sidebar volume rocker!).I'm not impressed with a million ringtones, intelligent text messaging and a 65k display, if I sound like I'm in a cave when I talk on it.  Here's an idea for the Moto engineers: get the phone part right before you add extra features.  Releasing the phone with the original low volume issues shows a lack of testing and quality control.  What were they thinking?The PDA/calendar/browser/text features work fine.  But you can get those in a Palm, Blackberry or iPAQ.AS A FOLLOWUP TO MY REVIEW:  I just received my replacement phone, a Sony Z500a.  The vocal quality is SO much better.  Everyone I've called has immediately noticed the difference.  It also gets the time and date from the network (my Moto phone had to be MANUALLY set!), and it starts up very quickly (the Moto phone took some time to 'boot up' - all those cool features come with a price).

I am using this phone for last 2 months..Pros- Small compared to many other PDA phones like Palm- Cheap compared to other PDA phones.- Easy PC syncing. I got lotus notes calendar syncedCons:- As many mentioned here the phone rattles at 75% of the volume. It does not matter the phone is on speaker or not. It rattles if you increase volume. In effect, volume is low and not clear.- Intermittent lock up. It is a good idea to reboot the phone occasionally and especially before an important call- Intermittent miss call, when you try to answer.- Low battery life

I have owned every possible cellphone out there samsung, nokia, different motorolas, evn pda phones like the treo 650, imate ijam.Pros:Small, clamshell design (fairly thin)Good bettery life even when used for surfing, email. I feel safe taking it away for a weekend without a charger even with moderate phone and data use.Easy to setup and use the internet to surf simple sites (google, yahoo mail etc). A great phone for simple things, looking up an address, directions, stocks etc.Sound is fairly good but tinny (volume is average at best though)caller id works well and fast, syncs well with outlook for contacts, calendar etc via USBAccepts fairly standard motorola accessories (using ac/ car adaptors from the V600, V500 series)Bluetooth for photo and contact transmission is great with a mac but a PAIN with windoze (still can't get it to work with my desktop and a dlink bluetooth usb adaptorBluetooth headset work wellReception Is VERY good with cingular in PA/MD/DC this thing NEVER drops calls compared to my V500 series on the same cingular network.Screen is bright and easy to readCONS:Camera is fair at best (flash is fairly worthless)A bit larger than the V600 series I replaced it withSpeakerphone is fair quality a best. i just can't understand people very well with it.Cingular version is locked so it can't be used as a bluetooth modem with a laptopnot easy to navigate using side buttons which can't be programmmed like old phones to scroll through contacts, have to use the center keypad. (my v600 could use side buttons to scrool and select a contact much easier)just my thoughts

I bought the phone at Thankgiving. It has a lot of problem with speaker phone, poor quality camera, bad battery. I just return and exchange the new one with the dot orange box. They told me update new software. But when I bring home and try. It come out the same old problem. Terrible phone. Don't ever buy this phone. Waste your money and time to figure out and test free for them

The good:1. Nice full color screen.  Bigger than others.2. Captures Still images & movies saved to 512mb Mini-SD card.3. Nice clamshell operation.4. 2 color screens.5. Custom backgrounds and images.  Done from computer only.6. Great ActiveSync interface, the best I've seen implemented so far.7. large dialed number history seperate from rest of call history.The Bad:1. Flash is a joke more of a led.  Forgot using this phone for pictures in low light conditions.2. Voice dialing the worst of the worst.  No voice number dialing, only prestored numbers. Don't bother!  Don't buy the bluetooth earphone since you can't use it to dial unsaved numbers.3. No bluetooth computer interface that works. Save your money!4. Phone shuts itself off without notice.  SIM card interface problem.5. No automatic voicemail symbol or notification, unless you power the phone off then back on again.The Ugly:1. All calls in call history lumped togther.  have to use filters to see only missed calls or any single call catagory.2. speed dialing is slower and take more buttons/menu opertions than punching in numbers by hand.3. Ditto for voice dialing.4. Can't use speaker phone while call is in place.

Buying this phone was such a horrible decision.  I had a basic Samsung phone with Sprint service for over 3 years before getting this Motorola MPx220 along with a family member.  The Samsung never ever had a problem--ever.  This phone, however, is an endless nightmare.  I've had it for around 9 months so far.  The battery died after 2 months, the cingular store guy was nice enough to replace it for me.  The connection between the power adaptor and the phone is not secure.  You ALWAYS have to wiggle the cord to get it to charge.  My phone was dead again this morning.  It turned out that it just did not successfully charge.Lately, someone will call...the phone will ring....I can't hear the caller.  It takes around 3 re-attempts to recieve a call.  Terrible.The "1.2" megapixel camera is lousy.  It is VERY grainy.  I think it probably starts out as a very small image and the phone makes it 1.2 megapixels for marketing purposes.Finally, the phone is flimsy.  It makes creaking noises when you put it by your ear.  It seems so non-rugged.The phone is packed with features, but the only ones that I care about are Bluetooth and the camera (which is terrible).My family member agrees that this phone is junk.  They've had problems as well.I can't stand this phone anymore.  I'm going to get a new one soon.

This phone kicks....BUTT!!  I just bought it today, and the complaints I had heard are just not existent!  Mine came directly from Hong King, so the user manual was in chinese and some of the functions are in chinese, but other than that, it takes much better pictures than my old phone (LG L1400), the customizing options are endless, the ActiveSync feature is great and I'm just looking forward to learning more about this phone.  Highly recommend!

I have used all kinds of cell phones over the past decade.  From the Handspring that came with a SprintPCS module, to old Motorla Timeports, so Samsung mobiles, early Nokias, Sony/Ericson, and even Technophone on LA Cellular before ATT bought them in the 90s.Anyway, its Friday afternoon and i'm getting ready to leave work, so i'm going to keep this short and to the point.  This phone has nearly everything and I love it. From the personalized caller id (only shows to people in your phonebook), to syncing over bluetooth, to the intuitive calendar and email programs and the ease of syncing my calendar with Outlook...its just easy and streamlined.  Very customizable.  Quadband means it works anywhere. I am very picky in terms of features phones, and this phone satisfies 96% of the things I expect from such a device. My only complaint the speaker volume.  However, this can be tweaked if you make your own ring tones (i use audacity). I amplify the tome in software before importing to the SD card slot on the phone. This phone was a bargain at $300 and is a steal at $50.  I have use Amazon rebates for phones twice before and they are pretty solid so no worries there.  Get a Smartphone while %90 of the rest of the USA are still using boring old gen phones.  Best of luck.  Oh, and for those folks that swore never to use Motorola phones again because of the external volume buttons that cannot be locked or silenced, fear not.  This is the first Motorola that doesn't make that annoying sound when you go from loud to silent when going into a meeting or movie.

Everything about this phone is great.  I can't say that about any other cell phone I've owned.The features all work as advertised, so I won't go into repeating how wonderful they are.  Suffice it to say that in addition to working as promised, the phone interface is simple and intuitive - making it easy to use all these great features.I will address an issue mentioned below about the low volume of the earpiece.  At first, I thought the same thing.  Then I realized that I was holding the phone too high on my ear.  If there is a con to this phone it is this; the "natural" way you want to hold the phone places the ear speaker above the ear canal (making it appear that the volume is too low.)  But they couldn't lower the speaker without reducing the size of the screen.  Once you realize this, you lower the phone a quarter of an inch and the volume is fine.Didn't get the data plan so I can't address that functionality.Buy it here, I got mine from Cingular and paid a LOT more.A great phone!

I bought my Mpx220 in November and overall have been really pleased with it.  Originally I had the old ROM version but exchanged it for a 1.3.  This thing is loaded with features!  In my opinion, the MS Smartphone setup far exceeds any other conventional cell phone (excluding pda phones).  I never want to go back to using a regular cell phone.  I wanted some pda functionality in a compact size, and found the perfect (at least almost perfect) match in the Mpx220.As a phone: it works well...  The volume issues are fixed with the 1.3 software.  It isn't extremely loud, though loud enough. Reception has been better than any other phone I've owned.  I can hear callers clearly and they hear me clear as well.  Picture Caller Id uses the external display or the main screen if the flip is open.  speakerphone works pretty well.  Quad band is great to have if you travel.  I recently visited London, Pakistan and Dubai.  I bought local SIM cards, popped them in and they worked flawlessly.  Cool!  (My phone came unlocked).  The contact list is excellent.  You can basically add all contact info you'd want in the phonebook which also syncs with Outlook on your PC.  Searching contacts is also the best ive seen on cell phones.  Just start typing the name and it filters the list. It's a lot more convenient than scrolling.Pda-ish functionality: This phone is really like a mini-PC. Start Menu, windows explorer, internet explorer, outlook, calendar, etc , etc.  Syncing with a computer is easy using Microsoft's Activesync.  You can use the included cable or even sync over bluetooth.  I was even able to set a schedule for my phone to sync with the computer every night automatically via bluetooth. cool!  Transferring files is very easy.  The file system is excellent, similar to that on a PC.  You can search files, sort, manage ect. When using activesync, you can explore your phone and manage files as you wish.  Or if you have bluetooth on your computer, just beam any file over.  It can play mp3 files (in stereo using a stereo headset), open word docs, excel sheets, picture files, etc.  Smartphone apps are coming up to speed and becoming more available.  Besides other sort-of-useless things, you can even encode and watch your DVDs on it.  If you fill up the 32 mb on the phone, you can add memory (up to 512) via the mini SD slot.Camera: Compared to other camera phones, unfortunately, the camera is sub par.  It doesn't bother me much though since I only intended using the camera for photo contacts and just for fun.  don't expect this or most other camera phones to replace your digi cam.  There is a 'flash' which is bright but not too useful as a camera flash. (i wish I could use the LED as a flashlight!).Internet/email:  Internet explorer makes it easy to browse the internet on this phone.  you can access mobile web pages or regular internet pages.  you can access your email using pop or just webmail through the internet.  Works pretty well, just be careful of charges.  get a data plan if you will be using this a lot.  it uses GPRS and ufortunately no EDGE.Pros:-Functionality: it does a lot of stuff.-Connectivity: bluetooth, infared, usb, activesync, internet-Quad band world phone-Reception-Dual screens-stereo output-Configurable: there are a lot of options and settings.Cons:-A few bugs, you may need to turn it off and on.  I had to do this about 4 times since I got it (3 months).-No EDGE-Can't voicedial via bluetooth headset.-Camera is sub par (though i don't care for this much).If you're looking for a phone that does more than just being a phone in the same form factor, this is a pretty good choice.  Fully utilizing its potential may require a bit of tech savy-ness, though Im sure people just wanting it to do basic things will find it pretty intuitive.Hope this helped those of you shopping around.

I have learned the hard way that bluetooth is not universally compatible. My experiences: the MPX220 is not compatible with my 2005 bluetooth capable car which uses an integrated Motorola bluetooth compatibility module. (The car maker has found other Motorola bluetooth phones, like the Razr, compatible). Neither is this phone fully compatible with my Palm Tungston T5 bluetooth device as the Palm can't dial or access the web browser per its capability, but can exchange a file. Finally, using the Motorola 850 bluetooth headset, one cannot use the voicedial features as the phone only allows this on a WIRED headset. So don't expect full bluetooth functionality as advertised. Further, the speakerphone feature is virtually useless as it is both too soft and distorted to be useful in other than a pindrop quiet setting. The battery life is very short for a GSM phone. The backlight feature does not have a short enough time for turning off to conserve the battery. If you like to autolock you phone on turnoff this one is not for you. The autolock function only works on a time basis and the longest period is one hour. If I had learned about the lack of compatibility in my 30 day window I would have gotten rid of this poor device. I spoke to both Motorola and Cingular about the shortcomings of the phone once I found it did not meet my expectations for compatibility and neither was helpful regarding exchanging the phone for a model which would perform as advertised.

I bought this phone in Jan '05.  I am a heavy user and rely on the cell phone for business.  I was looking for a reliable phone with Speakerphone, Camera and Bluetooth (for hands-free operation).  I went with the MPx220 since it had all this...BUT I have come to regret my decision.  Here's why:1. The phone shuts off by itself even when the battery is fully charged!  I have missed umpteen important calls not knowing my phone had powered off without any warning.2. The signal strength goes from maximum to non-existent in my office without my having moved an inch.  I haven't figured out whether this is the phone or Cingular but I have had enough of dropped calls.3. I get lots of errors of the type where the Windows software on the phone locks up, especially when I get incoming calls while I am on the phone or happen to be dialing out.4. Although the speakerphone has good volume, the camera is still a joke and the hands-free ear-piece is not very user-friendly (I have hardly used it).All in all, my advice is to stay away from Cingular and especially the MPx220.  It is still a work-in-progress.

THIS IS MY TRUTHFUL VIEWS FROM USE SINCE FEB. 11, 2005 TILL PRESENT! MOTO IS MY FAV PHONE & ALWAYS WILL BE.CONS:1. POOR Battery2. Worst CAMERA I've ever seen on a phone.3. Can't control MENU setup for programs4. Earpiece (EP) & Speakerphone (SP) suck horribly. When did MOTO start using SNAP CRACKEL & POP (SC&P;) in their phones?5. Calling w/ EP is sorta hard due to you have to get it just right on the ear or forget hearing. SP is just horrible loudest volume SC&P; happens & hard to hear due to it's POINTED AWAY from you.6. Mic on speakerphone sux my Siemens a56i is 10x better.7. Reception is HORRIBLE compared to my g/f's V551.8. Media Player skips on playback9. User Assigned Ringtones & Pictures don't come up all the time (sometimes it does, but plays default ringtone for 2 secs then goes to assigned).10. miniSD slot not fully compliant w/ certain Cards.11. NOT EDGE only GPRS12. Keypad goes off way too quick & is hard to see when in a lit room (makes ur eyes go blurry)13. Key response is very slow all around.14. Camera FLASH is useless to me it's just there as a selling point.15. Voicemail doesn't reset unless you have someone send you one to reset it. (doesn't happen all the time, but this could also be cingulars fault I don't know)16. Some more, but minor stuffPRO:1. Build, structure, feel, look, keys, controls, placement, etc...2. MOTOROLA (Always Good, just not this time)3. Smartphone (SMP) setup so puts all ya need in one device.4. Size 3.8oz and awesome for SMP.5. Ease of ACTIVESYNC w/ PC & Bucktooth. Assigned Caller ID & Ringtone (OPEN AWESOME closed PIC is so so)7. Hit on the streets w/ coworkers (ENVY FACTOR lol)8. 176x220 Screen AWESOME & 96x96 Screen SO SO9. Speech use all around is awesome (dial, open progs, etc.)All in all this is a SO SO phone and I give it a 2 star rating because to me for "$400 MSRP-Class" phone MOTO should/could develop a much better phone. Come on MOTO where's your PRIDE GOING???Sidenote:  The Samsung SGH-i300, just came out today, another smartphone, it comes w/a built in 3GB hard drive.  Not 3MB, yes 3GB!  Hope that will give Moto incentive to build a better phone or I may have to buy Samsung.

Windows causes the phone to stall sometimes, or respond very slowly (phone keeps ringing even though you have answered).  Some smartphone apps don't work.  The Motorola charger is likely to stop working after a week or so (I have had 5 of these phones).  The charging pins are delicate and susceptible to bending.  The phone takes forever to boot up (3 minutes or so before a call can be made).  Activesync over bluetooth is very difficult to configure, however it does work well.  Sometimes the bluetooth stack gets reordered for no particular reason.  The camera is pretty bad indoors, but ok if there is a lot of light (think surface of the sun, ok thats a slight exaggeration).  Being able to load mp3s and use them as ringtones is nice.  The photo caller id is also nice.

I've had my MPX220 with Cingular service since Dec 2004 (15 months) and with some exceptions has more than met my expectations.  For my needs I found this much superior to the Blackberry which I tried for a month- i.e., much more convenient phone functionality.  I believe that many of the "limitations" that I have read regarding this product are from persons who are familiar with cell phones, but are unaccustomed to the inherent differences between a camera phone and any phone that is running the MS Mobile/Smartphone suite - i.e., phone's time does not change automatically when relocated into a new timezone.There is a boot-up feature that can only be "tweaked" by the service provider (i.e., Cingular)that will adjust the volume to a higher level.  This greatly helped in my case.Also, it is my understanding that the often-mentioned problem with the phone occasionally turning off for no apparent reason is due to the MS software's use of memory, and the problem can be mimized or eliminated by simply turning the phone off and back on once per day.  I was experiencing this problem until I was made aware of this, and have had no further problems with this in over a year.ProsThis is a great first effort on Motorola's part for combining:> Cellphone> Outlook synchronized Contacts> Outlook synchronized Calendar> WEB browsing> WEB email> Voice-Activated Dialing> Bluetooth works fine for me, including the bluetooth keyboard - and is a must for serious emailing.Cons>This product is only a meodiocer as a Camera> Although I have found that he volume of the phone is generally adequate, it is not adequate in some.> I have had two hardware problems that prevent the phone from recharging.  Initial problem satisfactorarily addressed under warranty.  Am currently experiencing the problem again (intermittent) and plan to have the phone serviced.

The phone is great looking and everything you could ask from a phone aesthetically. However, it does not perform as well as a lot of cheaper phones. The battery shuts down randomly, the screen often freezes, and many times, after a call ends it stalls for a good 5-10 seconds. Although the phone has many capabilities, it is not as high quality as it seems. The camera lags as well. I dont think it is worth the price as of now, but if the price drops, and you're looking for a good looking phone with decent capabilities, this phone isnt that bad of a choice.

I saw several negative reviews for this phone before I purchased.  I cant say that I really have any complaints.  The volume is fine.  If its not loud enough for you, you arent holding it to your ear correctly.  The camera is better than I expected on a cell phone.  Its definatly not a replacement for a multi-megapixel digital camera and the flash is worthless but what do you expect?  I've seen alot worse pics from phones than this takes.  If you want quality digital pics, you need to spend $300 on a digital camera.  This phone is feature packed and a great device for gadget junkies.  I was able to retire my PDA (iPAQ pocketpc) for good now that I have this phone.  Bluetooth Active sync is the coolest

I have been using this phone for a week now and the low ear-piece volume is not a big problem for me, though I have to turn it all the way up.  I have tried it on the streets but not in a mall.  BTW, the bad version is .325 and the good version is .342.  One constant annoyance is the volume button on the side gets too easily changed.  That means every time you use the phone, you may accidentally change the volume.  The digital camera is a joke so only use it when you have to...like in a car accident.  Also don't expect the phone to run Excel or Word like in the pocket PC...I was disappointed in that.  But if you are a developer, you can easily write .NET programs for it...way cool.  The voice recognition is the best: it can dial the digits you said, it can dial the phone book entry without you pre-recorded the voice for it.  The solitaire doesn't have the draw-one option...disappointing.  Reception and sound clarity are the best I have ever experienced.  Just these 2 are worth getting it.  Also you can use it as an MP3 player...it accepts up to 512 Meg MiniSD card so you can have a day's worth of high quality songs to enjoy...be sure to get a stereo headset, though.  Battery is very good.  I suspect it can last a few days in my normal use which isn't much.

I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!  I used to have major internet issues (such as I had to turn it off and on to have any connectivity) but that was resolved by downloading the latest firmware from Motorola.  The reason I chose this phone was I wanted a PDA but I didn't want to be one of those ridiculous people holding a palm to my ear.  Many people complain about the voice dialing, I think it is the most advanced I have ever experienced (it can dial any number you dictate or any menu command) I do understand the qualms about it not working while using a bluetooth headset (why Motorola?  It makes no sense) but I don't really have an issue because I find that it works anyway beause the phone still hears my voice (not thru the headset, but from across the car, I usually have my phone on the passenger seat). Also I hear lots of complaints about the lack of a full keyboard, I think it's better without one (learn how to use the ultrasmart predicitve text people!)I find the full qwerty keyboards on mobile phones slower anyway because they are so tiny.  In fact I would go as far as to say that once you get used to predictive text (which they keep making better and smarter), You can type just as fast with it.  Perhaps the best part about this phone is the syncronization with Outlook.  Outlook is like my lifeline and it is so nice to have your contacts and calendar organzied in one place. Overall I think this phone is great the features and look are unmatched, and trust me I will be the first to know when something better comes along.

I reviewed this phone a while back and gave it 4 stars.  Big mistake! I had my first MPX220 for about 7 months when suddenly, the phone decided to stop charging for me.  Called Cingular and they sent me out a new one.  I've had this one for about 3 weeks and the screen froze.  It's now completely black on the inside and distorted on the outside display.  Something tells me that Motorola tried to pack so much into this phone that it can't handle it.  I never used much on the phone as far as apps. but I think i'm going to steer clear of motorola for a while.

Depending on where you look, you'll find mixed opinions on the MPx220. Thankfully, most of the bad opinions come from people who used the earlier versions of the firmware. But with the latest firmware, this phone is fantastic. It has virtually everything you could want in a cell phone. Here are just a few of the great things about it:1. Fast. With a 200mhz processor, this phone can run just about anything. Plays videos and music smoothly, and great at fast forwarding. Rips through java games. Games which took about 25 seconds to load on my v600 now load in 1 or less (yes, its that much faster). The interface itself isn't totally speedy, but thats more of a Windows problem, and its acceptable.2. Design. The problem with smartphones, is they're usually big and probably ugly. The MPx220 looks great. Especially with the chrome finish on the front. The hump for an antenna could be improved, but all around its a nice design. Plus its flip.3. Screen. The screen is quite bright with nice colors, and bigger than most flip phones. It may be smaller than most smartphones, but for those only using normal cell phones, its a step up.4. Windows. Because it runs off of Windows, the environment should seem quite familiar. The big plus, however, is the applications supported such as emulators and various familiar mobilized Windows software.5. miniSD. Firstly, if you're going to be using this phone for music or videos, be sure to purchase a 1GB miniSD card (Sandisk). Works flawlessly. You can listen to your favorite tunes, put on as many games as you like, and even watch a few videos, not to mention limitless pictures.6. Sound Quality. The call quality on this phone is amazing, for me anyway. No matter how little bars I have or where I am, it always seems as though I'm on a landline. No static, and only minor breakup when there are like no bars (yes I still receive calls with no bars). It's definitely better than my v600 and any other cell phone I've used. Sound for music, games, etc. is also more than adequate.There is also much more I could list, little features, that are really nice. One thing of note is the camera. Its ok in good lighting, but in dim lighting, it is pretty horrible. The flash is hardly any use. The video recording is no better.The MPx220 is just the perfect all around phone, and compared to any non-smartphone, it blows most phones out of the water. The RAZR is not even close to comparable. So if you're looking for that future proof replacement, it's a good choice. New phones are coming to market which have some nice features, but they are usually comparable and cost 3-4 times more. So...get it!

Since there is so much discussion pro and con about this phone with little in between I feel I should share my story. My experience has been a bit different  and VERY frustrating to say the least.  I spent about a month choosing this phone...shopping the Cingular Store, Best Buy and various Internet sites, reading the reviews and making several calls to ATT and Cingular Customer Service. I learned that if I wanted the best price there was NO way I could keep my number..the only way to keep my number was to go to another carrier or buy direct from Cingular. I am a long time ATT customer and technically was moving to Cingular and definitely choosing a more expensive plan...but that meant nothing. This is a Cingular thing..has nothing to do with Amazon or any other seller. I DID shop the other carriers and decided I wanted to stay with the new Cingular which then limited me to Cingular phones..I wanted Blue Tooth which left me with a choice of 3 phones at the time I was shopping...PDA's excluded.  I did not like the feel of the RAZR and did not like the looks of the 551, nor the features, or I should say lack of features...this left the MPX220 which I loved the look and feel of, the big screen and the full internet capability, although I may never even use that????? I learned that I was probably not going to be able to access my mail which is on a cable network with most of the other phones out there...I would need a real internet connection. This may or may not be true, but was what I was told. I also learned to not believe everything I was told by even the most knowledgeable sounding sales people. .I finally decided to buy from Amazon because of their phenomenal rebate offer and their good prior track record with me. I chose Super Saver Shipping...after all I had upon occasion gotten overnight service from their service center located only a few hours away and  the items I was ordering were in stock and available for overnight shipping if desired!!!!!!...I was dismayed to find the projected shipping date was 2 weeks out  ...and of course when I went to change the shipping to overnight it was already "being prepared for shipment" although the day was a week away!!!! Then I was informed my phone had been activated and shipped....from clear across the country it was a week in transit and all the while I was paying for phone service which I could not use!!!!! It finally arrived...and there was NO SIM card enclosed!!!!! Talk about frustration!!!!! As you may know getting a phone # for Amazon can be a challenge and I wasn't sure who I needed to call...I had never had a phone with a SIM card and wasn't even sure what to be looking for or if it should come with one???...this was on Thursday...and when I finally got a living person the Cell phone dept was closed...I was told  someone would contact me the next day...next I got an e-mail asking me to double check....which I immediately responded to and never heard back from anyone...so I called ...this being Friday afternoon...I was told one would be shipped overnight...of course this meant it would not arrive until Monday!!!! And I was still  paying for a service I couldn't use...the lady I talked to said I could go buy a card and Amazon would reimburse me and to refuse the shipment of the one they were sending... which is what I did....So on to the phone...Everyone was right.... the documentation is incredibly lousy and incomplete ...the sound is barely audible...and I could hardly hear it ring... I was also frustrated at the menu process required to get to the vibrate option and dialing #1 for voice mail did not work. I also found myself having to re-charge the battery WAY too soon. I spent the next week getting acquainted with the phone...learned along the way what "my" voice mail phone # was...this was done through Cingular customer service...the first person I talked to gave me the # but since I was calling from the phone she was not able to help me get it set up to work with the #1 key...I called back later that day and a very nice man walked me through the process (a few steps in the setup menu)  dialing #1 now works flawlessly. About a week after I started with this phone it inexplicably died!!!! Fully charged battery and all...Amazon sent a replacement overnight...and OH MY!!!! What a difference!!!...even some of the screens were different...and the volume was fine and I could hear it ring...! I had been  truly struggling with what I was going to replace it with when it died and got replaced...I was so happy with the new version I never again considered exchanging it.The documentation is still lousy...it took a visit to the Cingular store to discover the "quick" way to set the phone to vibrate...without  traveling through myriad's of menus. If that information is in the manual I have yet to see it and I have read it pretty thoroughly...and I still have many questions on other functions.My biggest complaint is the tiny indistinct icons that indicate you have a message waiting and all the other things that are going on with the phone at any time....I was stunned to have people tell me they had  left a message...I had not seen any indication of this...after all it plainly says in words if you have text messages... so why wouldn't the voice mail messages be as obvious???....I finally found that a tiny icon (don't know what it is even supposed to represent?) over the LARGE blue envelope means there is voice mail...who knew??? And I don't understand the row of large colored icons that don't seem to indicate anything other than features you have or have recently used...pretty but non functional as near as I can see. Most of the home screen contains things I do not use, but there is no way to remove the ones I don't use or add the ones I would like...or if there is I haven't found it.All things considered  I am loving this phone now and especially the Blue Tooth...what fun...I no longer have to carry or wear my phone...it can stay safely in my purse or pocket...I can wander away from it and not miss a call...it is the greatest... the manual plainly states Voice Dial will not work with the Bluetooth, Lord knows why not???? What I have found is it disconnects the head set while you are giving the commands and since you need to be watching the screen or simply listening to the phone with your other ear at this point anyway I see no huge issue...and as soon as the number is ringing it reconnects the headset...Works for me!For the people who have had the phone shut down for no reason I have not experienced this at all. My Cingular network coverage seems to be the same as it was with ATT but I understand this may not be the case in other areas.I hope this helps clarify some of the issues I have seen addressed over and over... My final thought is ..It is the Luck of the Draw! You may get one with no problems ...or not.Oh, and I can only say good things about all the people in the  Amazon Cell Phone Dept who helped me along the way...they did everything they could to make things right. My compliments to them..

This phone is truly a superior phone.  I have the latest firmware build so any reviews that complain about prior bugs should be considered irrelevant in regards to the present product.  Anyone who is looking for a phone with the intellegence of a pda with most of the features of one should look no further. This phone has:  Bluetooth, outlook exchange synchronization, windows 2003, windows media player 9, expandable memory, megapixel camera, and video player and recorder. All powered by a 200 mhz ARM processor backed by 32mb of ram  not to bad for a phone.  The USB cable is included by the way.  The OS runs fast, the reception of the phone is superior due to its quad band feature.  The speakerphone is decent although it could have been louder.  It fuctions well with bluetooth or wired hand free devices.  Mp3's sound great in fact this phone saved me the money of having to buy an Ipod. Camera and video player are decent for a cell phone. The phone is sylish for its feature pacted nature.  The battery lasts a very long time even with heavy use.  Overall this was a great investment, truly a step above most phones, especially over the over hyped, and priced Razr.  Anyone looking for a quality smart phone look no further

This phone has been a headache since day one. As seen in previous reviews, the reception goes away for no reason. I currently cannot receive calls at home because the phone loses all reception after being on for more than 5 minutes...The battery is terrible, the phone turns off consistently for no reason. The operating system is ok, it takes a long time to boot and freezes on occasion. When it freezes you have to remove the battery and restart it.The power cord no longer works unless it is attached at an angle. On and on and on... I am considering a full boycott of Motorola after my experience with this POS. I cannot believe that they are unable to manufacture a reliable compact smartphone.Do not buy this phone, you will regret it.

I had my eye on this phone for quite some time, so once I heard Best Buy was carrying it, I ran to the store and purchased it this past October for $399 w/ 1 year contract extension. The phone had the famous low volume problem, which made the phone useless unless using the speakerphone or headset. Cingular/Motorola supposedly fixed the problem, and released the phone again with an updated firmware (the boxes were marked with an orange sticker). After Best Buy replaced my phone, I was very sad to find the updated model had even more problems! The volume is still VERY low and not fixed, and a number of additional bugs have been introduced. The most publicized problem being the Bluetooth headset problem. I eventually took the phone back, after a long battle with Best Buy and was given a store credit (now I'm stuck with an extended contract, and I could not get my replacement plan fees refunded).I am not the only one with this problem. If you do a Google search using the keywords: MPX220, VOLUME PROBLEM, FIRMWARE, BLUETOOTH HEADSET PROBLEM... You will see NUMEROUS postings and reviews with the same complaints. Sad thing is Motorola tech support is not acknowledging the problem, nor is Cingular.This entire experience made me a Motorola hater... This is very sad, because the phone does have some great features. The Quad-Band feature is great, and ensures you'll have reception all over the world. The Microsoft Smartphone software is AMAZING, and it was a joy not having to carry my PDA. Windows Media player is nice, and the expansion slot allows you to use the device as an MP3 player, camera, video recorder, etc. I would have to say this is one of the best Phone/PDA combos I have seen. Unfortunately, the volume problem makes the phone useless... And the numerous software bugs are impossible to overlook.My advice, wait until January/February before giving this phone a try... If Cingular is still selling it, it probably means they fixed the problems. I doubt they will keep selling a defected unit that long, so if it is not resolved by then, they would probably stop selling it.Most importantly, do your research on the net, and read what others have been saying. If the phone is improved, it will reflect in the buyers comments.Hope this helps!

When reading reviews on the MPX220, you see a lot of mixed feelings, and I guess that's what I have.I love the size (compact and easy to carry), the feel and style (nice clamshell design), the call quality, the Bluetooth quality (with the exception of the inability to initiate voice commands from a Bluetooth headset).The controls are good, and the menu offers easy navigation.  It was easy to set up my POP3 email account to read my email on the phone (a major requirement for my decision to move to a SmartPhone).  Internet browsing seems good, with the limitations that any mobile user will experience (let's put it this way:  you won't give up your broadband connection).  Unlike a previous reviewer, I have no problem using Cingular's basic multimedia package.I'm one who prefers small size and can live without a small QWERTY keyboard.  Screen offers good viewing quality, though as with most devices it's hard to see in bright outdoor light.I guess it's pretty well documented that an earlier software fix has cleared up the volume problem early buyers of the MPX220 were experiencing.  I'd say volume (and volume control) is good whether using the phone, bluetooth headset (I have a Cardo Scala 500), or speaker phone.The camera, considering it's just part of a phone, really isn't too bad.  The quality of photos is high enough that most people would be surprised they were taken on a camera phone.  I get a kick out of what I call the 'vanity key.'  They installed a button on the outside for the sole purpose of allowing you to take a self-portrait (since you must do this with the clamshell closed).However, when I attempted to do a number of simple tasks that I could easily do with my 'obsolete' SonyEricsson T68i, I was disappointed.  First, syncronization with Outlook can only be done using Microsoft ActiveSync.  If your company doesn't support/allow it (mine doesn't), you're out of luck.  (I was finally able to come up with a work-around where I transfer Outlook to my Yahoo calendar, then syncronize from home where I have ActiveSync installed.  A pain, but it works.)I find the alarm function on a phone to be handy, and was shocked to see how anemic and hard to use the alarm function was.  I have learned you can buy 3rd party software to improve this, but I believe they could do a better job with the default alarm (really a Microsoft Mobile issue).Same with text notes.  I found text notes on my T68i to be a great way to capture short things (like passwords, addresses).  On the 'sophisticated' MPX220, there's NO capability for this!  (Again, you can purchase 3rd party software, but why should you have to?)So, overall, I'd rate my experience with the MPX220 fairly high, but when you pay this much ($300) for a phone, you don't expect to encounter these minor annoyances and limitations.

This phone comes loaded with everything you can ever imagine.It has a speakerphone, it has bluetooth so you can send your friend ring tones, pictures and etc. It has a 1.2 megapixel camera. The quality of the camera is better than most clamshell cameras ie. V600,V3,SMT5600. It has a beatiful screen, that displays 65k colors. Alot of nice apps that would make your old phone just look outdated. Many people have been quoted as saying that listening to mp3's from this phone and listening to mp3's from a ipod are exactly the same quality. Nice build quality too, this phone just looks plain sexy. Its pretty light, has a built in antenna. Capable of sending and receiving SMS, MMS, recorded sounds, recorded video etc..Make sure you have the newer firmware version for this phone which is currently 1.3 and you will have no problems with call quality, hearing the person your calling etc. Only cons are the small outside screen and its small caller id. This phone has a speakerphone which is very useful. Overall for only $175 you would be hardpressed to find a phone with this many features and this quality.

If you're looking for a phone/PDA with "phone first" functions, you can stop looking. This little beauty is lightning fast, and has four different GSM bands giving unmatched reception. GSM reception had previously been a problem for me, but with this phone I have yet to see any calls dropped. It runs Microsoft's "Windows Mobile 2003 Second Edition" operating system, meaning that it has outlook and email functions that are second to none. Your productivity will skyrocket soon after learning how to use all it's bells and whistles. It's also the fastest Microsoft smartphone to date, giving you excellent performance when running  compatible programs.One thing to note- The very early versions of this phone had low volume, but that is being corrected now with a ROM update. If you buy this phone and your ROM version is under .342, you may want to update. Calling Motorola customer service will make the process go painlessly.You can check your ROM version by hitting the left soft key labeled "Start", then selecting "Settings", and "About". The Rom version is listed on the "Manufacturer: ..." line.Good Luck and Good Choice!

I have been using this phone for past 8 months now and the phone is great. There has been lot of complaints of volume outdoors but I find my phone good even outdoors ... I have amplified the ringtones ...The features are great.

Returned this phone after about three weeks.  Despite it's great feature set, there have been way too many problems to justify keeping it.  Several trim pieces have simply fallen off, even though I've never dropped the thing.  Battery life is abyssmal.  Speaker volume both from the earphone and speakerphone is waaaay too quiet, even at max volume level. MP3 ringtones do not work: no matter what ring tone I program it for, it always defaults back to the standard ring...if it even rings at all when a call comes in!  Screens (both internal and external) freeze and garble up constantly.  Ring volume (again, when it works) is extremely quiet...inaudible unless you're in a library.  Vibrate alert, much like rings, doesn't always work. When placing calls, about 50% of the time, they will "dial" and "connect" but there is absolutely no audio reception from the other party...not just quiet, NONE.  Event reminders for the calendar fail to update or function regularly. The camera, for being 1 megapixel+, is terrible. And don't get me started about the bizzaro reception phenomena I've experienced with this phone.For anyone wondering, mine was the "new" version with the orange sticker and the updated software.  I know the phone looks good on paper and even better in person, but once you put it to use there are nothing but problems.  I strongly encourage anyone who is considering this phone to look elsewhere.  There is simply no excuse for the level of problems existing in such a high end phone.  From build quality to software functionality the MPx220 is a disaster.

Prosbuilt in speaker it's goood.camera is goodstoring contact numbers are goodnot good games which you might need during travel when you don't have other entertainment on handconsmp3 songs quality not so good,had it for close to 1 year and voice reception went bad just before 1 year warranty and  I am getting replacement phone from cingular

Different people find different features useful with the phones they buy. What I liked about this one best is this:1. You can rip/download any music and make it your ringtone. You don't have to pay a fortune for a ringtone.2. You can charge the phone from the USB connector to the computer. You don't need the travel charger all the time.There are other small things for me that make it good, it has a slot for inserting a mini-SD card and expanding memory. It's got a host of tools including a video record/play, media record/play, games, sync-up capability with outlook for contacts and calendar.It has a few problems in terms of locating items, the navigation is not very friendly ( It runs Microsoft Windows Mobile, What do you expect ? ).

I was convinced this was the phone for me when it first came out.  I ran down to Best Buy and $400 something dollars later it was mine!  I took off all the protective plastic film strips b/c the rep said some people returned the phone complaining they couldn't hear very well, and it ended up being the plastic film over the ear piece.  Well it turns out that's the problem no matter what you do.  Sitting in a quiet office, if I had the volume all the way up, I could scarcely hear the other person.  On the road in a quiet new car, it was even more difficult to hear anything; and inside the data center where I work - forget about it, you can't hear anything even if they were screaming on the other end.  The lowest volume setting on every Nextel phone I've had is higher than the highest setting on this phone.I thought that maybe the phone was defective so I returned it and got another - same problem.  I cancelled my contract and after I was finished being bitter about the ordeal, I went to Cingular to try one last time.  The rep said the only one they had was returned for the very same reason.Then, last week a colleague of mine had an MPX220 with him that our AT&T; rep gave us to try - same problem.I'm not hard of hearing whatsoever, but this phone is absolutely useless.  If you want to surf the web, do it from a PC and save yourself $400.  After four defective phones in a row means - I'd guess it's a problem with the merchandise and not my hearing.-Eric

There are three revisions of this phone. Two of them are broken. Amazon has failed to provide any information on which one they sell. Customer Service is no help, since all they know is what we all see on the product page. If you purchase this phone now, you may get one of the broken revisions. More specifically the working model has firmware version 1.3. The other revisions have major problems.

I have this phone for 3 months now. I used to be a Sprint user with Sanyo8200. I can say, unfortunately, my old Sanyo recieve better than this phone in some occassion( Like Mpx220 couldnt get a strong signal in my kitchen but Sanyo could. On the other hand, Mpx220 was able to recieve signal in the lake that I play jetski). I have mixed feeling about this phone.Pros:-Graphic of this phone is unbeatable cause of its ATI graphic chip. Best screen I ever saw!-Funtions, with 512 minisd, you can technically have many functions as you want ( Mp3 player, video game, read text etc)- Nice keypad. Key is large enought for man. Feel much better than the sanyo- Sleek design- Cheap( I bought mine off ebay for $190)- Hardware ( Quad band, Bt, IrDA, cable connect to computer)- Change-able homescreen, never feel boredCons:-Unstable to run certain programs. Phone was froze when I run some games and programs. I have to restart it or even remove the battery to make it works again.-Never, i say never believe its clock. It was dyfunction twice in 2 months. Which is unacceptable IMO since many people rely on cellphone for time. The clock was just stop running in the first time and Am was changed to PM in the second time.-Its quite laggy compare to regular phone.- Battery life is not as good as I thought ( 1-2 days/ charge)All in all, If you are a computer geek that willing to play with phones, get this without a second thought. If you want a reliable cellphone just to recieve and make calls. This is not what you want.

It seems as though Cingular has crippled certain Bluetooth protocals in the MPX220. I bought one at BestBuy, and returned it whe I realized that I could not connect it to my computer with Bluetooth. I will be waiting for an unlocked, non Cingular branded version to purchase.As for the phone itself, well I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for Cingular. I will say that the return and cancellation process went smoothly (so far, haven't received final bill yet!)

Thank God my contract is up and I can get a different phone. I had 2 of these phones on a Cingular plan - both have problems with basic phone functions. At times I have had to try 10-15 times to try and make a call succesfully, other times calls are being sent directly to voicemail - all while my phone is on and showing 3 or more bars of reception. This has been a somewhat chronic problem that has been growing with time. I have found that some of this problem has been caused by the phone's hardware or software. When I complained to Cingular of this problem - after not being able to receive a call for 3 straight days they recommended turning the phone off and back on, which does help some of the time.

I've had this phone for 3 months now and I have been pretty happy with it. I purchased it through this same offer on Amazon.com and my service is through Cingular in the Detroit, MI area.Some of my favorite features are the MP3 compatibility, file storage and the built in calendar. I find myself using the built in calendar to schedule upcoming appointments more and more every day.Pros:-Phone reception is great-Syncs up well with Windows-Has a file system similar to Windows 98x+, and you can add a 1gb MiniSD card-Plays MP3's, even for ring tones-Battery life seems like it lasts forever, just make sure you follow the initial charging instructions in the manual.Cons:-Camera isn't very good, but what do you expect from a phone?-Speakerphone and MP3 player volumes are pretty quiet (only reason I rated it 4 instead of 5)-Power button placement is a little weird; sometimes I end up accidentally turning the phone off when I'm holding it up to my ear.

I've gone through two of these in a little over a year.  The phones are known to be of poor quality.  In both of mine, the volume was low (I've done the upgrade) and they phone died by not being able to recharge the battery.  I have a number of chargers and while they work on other phones (with my battery) none of them will charge the battery on my phone.Expensive phone for only a year's worth of use.  I know of a couple of other people who have had problems with the phone as well.Motorola outsourced the development of this phone and not only is it discontinued, but Motorola discontinued the relationship with the manufacturer and cancelled the plans for an MPX3.. series phone.  This makes me think it was poor engineering since they could have had someone else manufacture the phones.

I have had this phone for 4 months bought through amazon. I have never written reviews before but decided do one for this, because of the poor design.1. Volume is really bad outdoors, hard to hear inspite of having high volume.2. Battery recharger adaptor connection to the phone sucks big time. It became bad very soon and I already replaced as the pins in the phone for charging became bad. Once again I am having issues with the new phone. It is really a poor design like feathertouch controls. Remember I don't handle my phones rough. You can't see a scratch.anyway, please opt for other ones if you can.drb

Phenominal phone with excellent quad band reception, battery life, and if you turn it up, good clarity. Motos have to be turned up during a phone call to stick at loud, and too many people don't realize that.Screen fonts setup by Cingular are horrific and clear type option under accessibility settings does not engage (to fix it).Otherwise fast, simple, non-bothersome workhorse. Big enough to grip too. Love it. Also have Audiovox SMT-5600 I am selling because it's way too small, but it has a much better screen, and not as good reception (tri band).I used Moto 220 on my last trip and used it to photo work sites. They came out great on the computer.Jaz

This phone only has a 65K color screen, NOT the 262K screen.  Amazon has been notified but has yet to correct the description.Otherwise this phone is pretty nice.  The receiver and speakerphone volumes are a bit lower then desired, even with the 1.3 firmware and Outdoor profile set.

Has anyone ordered the phone from amazon and recieved one with the new 1.3 ROM??????

The phone has lots of features but they don't live up to the price of the phone.  The camera flash is weak and anything out of bright light is grainy even on a little phone screen.  The speaker phone/ringer is too quiet except in the best situations.  The blue tooth doesn't allow voice dialing.  The phone seems to freeze up once in a while although it's not difficult to reset by popping the battery.  There is a software update that has come out that may fix that but they aren't saying why you need it - just calling it a "ROM update" which requires a memory wiping hard reboot.  The Outlook sync works fine and is the main reason I got it.  I would have like the "notes" function of Outlook to also have been included on the phone but it's not.  You have calendar, phone/contacts, and task that do sync.

I've had this phone (2 - another one for the wife) for a couple of weeks. I rate it superior to the Treo 300/600 and Blueberry 7230 all of which I have owned/used. It has all of the functionality of those devices plus a better camera, better reception due to the quad band feature, ability to play MP3s and a smaller form factor. Battery life is superior to the Treos.The product comes with a battery, AC charger, USB charger/cradle, CD-ROM (for installing software on your PC), and a nearly 300 page manual. The manual is rather daunting until you realize that the contents are duplicated in Spanish. Most users won't bother to even open it up. The device is Bluetooth capable, but a headset is not included with the phone.The internal screen is noticably smaller than that on the Treo/Blackberry devices, however the screen resolution is extremely fine and text can be read about as comfortably on the MPX220 as on the other devices. The screen is much brighter than on the other devices and I had no trouble using it outdoors in sunshine.The Windows 2003 Smartphone software accomplishes its main task - enabling the user to access a MASS of features in an intuitive manner. I'd still rate the Palm OS and Blackberry desktops as slightly easier to use, but then again they have the advantage of needing to accomodate much fewer features. In contrast all three of these devices (Treo/Blackberry/mpx) are much easier to use than standard cell phones.In fact given the low cost of the mpx device (mine was $300 for the pair), I can't see why anyone would get a normal (non-PDA) phone at anything over $100. People who are heavy users of email will still prefer full keyboard phones like the Treo/Blackberry. The mpx does have a text recognition AI system which does an excellent job when typing 90% of a message. However you'll still need to go into multi-tap mode when entering personal names, technical abbreviations, etc. As such, I think the closest comparable device would be the candybar Blackberry 7100t - but that device is more expensive, larger and lacks a camera.I have noted that several reviews claimed the phone's volume output was too low. Either those people have an older version of the firmware (mine was 1.300) or they simply don't know how to use the phone. There are 8 (count 'em) profiles, each with their own range of sound volume and receiver sensitivity. The Normal setting's volume at the highest level is IMO too low. But this is easily solved by using a different profile. For example I use Max level on the Outdoor setting. Treo 300's had the exact same problem, which I solved the exact same way - I used the lowest volume on the Speakerphone setting.Perhaps the advantages of the mpx are best illustrated by what happened to me two days ago. We had to drive to a business meeting about 40 miles away. My companion remarked about how frequently cell phones would be losing reception. On entire drive, my mpx was never less than 3 bars. Multiple times I was requested to place a call on my phone because the other phones would not function. On the return trip back, we popped the top on the convertible we were riding in. I placed a call in a top down convertible at 70 mph and had no difficulty whatsoever in hearing the call. Does that sound like a phone with a volume problem? Moreover because the Outdoor setting not only varies sound output but also reduces the range at which the microphone will take input, my voice output was not scratchy. The person to whom the call was placed later specifically remarked upon how normal the call sounded. Try that on a Treo on the speakerphone setting.Bottom line: If you want a full featured phone but don't need a full keyboard, this is your phone. The dirt cheap price these phones go for compared to similar devices is simply insane.

This phone is awesome!  I have had great luck with my Motorola MPX 220, and even better luck with Cingular's reception!  However, Cingulars customer service is certainly not satisfactory, and if this review was for that, I would give it a 2.  Why?  When I first went to get my phone (Best Buy - $49.99), we couldn't connect to the Cingular network.  After I was sick of waiting, an hour and a half mind you, I said enough is enough.  I told them to get some answers and call me when they knew they could activate my phone.  The next day, the Best Buy rep called me and said to come on down and get my phone, because he had just activated a persons phone from my same zip code.  After driving there, (did I mention I live an hour away), we ran in to more problems.  Not only could they not connect me, they couldn't even recognize the 989 area code.  I was fed up, after all, half the state of Michigan is 989, so how could they're system not recognize it?  An hour later I was back at home, having spent a total of 3 hours at Best Buy in 2 days.  Finally, I got a call from them, drove on down, again, and had my phone activated.  (My bill is however not coming to my house, but to my parents!)  I have to say though, for all the trouble they gave me, they waived my activation fee and paid my first moths bill for me!  Anyway, the phone, as stated in another review, has optimal performance with the new software!  Make sure when you buy it, it has an orange sticker on the box!  I got this phone for $49.99, but it retails for $299.99.  For the money, I would upgrade to the new Motorola Razr V3.  All in all though, for $49.99, this phone is a dream come true for a cheap phone enthusiast!

I purchased this phone from Best Buy on 11/26/04 on sale for $49.99 with a one-year contract.  The first thing I noticed was the orange dot on the box of the phone.  I was told that this phone was recalled and the orange sticker symbolizes that it has been fixed and is equipped with new software.  Right away, I came to realize this phone had two major flaws.  The earpiece volume in a call was extremely quiet and the camera released a greenish colored tint in all the pictures.  I did some research and found that my software version was .342.  New software that addressed these two issues was available from Cingular's Exchange By Mail program.  Although the tech at Cingular assured me that I had the newest software, he still sent me a replacement phone to address my issues.  I did receive the new software version 1.300 and here are my comments:Reception (9/10)On my original software version reception was horrible.  The phone could not sustain a call at my work, nor at my house.  Software version 1.300 is almost perfect.  I get full service and crystal clear calls almost everywhere I go on a consistent basis.  Only reason I give it a 9 is because of the short time period that I have had the phone.Phone Build Quality (9/10)This phone feels very sturdy does not feel like it is cheaply made like my last Motorola product (Motorola T720).  I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.  The flip gives a nice solid "click" when flipping it open and closed.Battery Life (10/10)Better than any phone I have ever owned.  I am a heavy cell phone user and by the end of the day, I only lose one notch on the battery meter out of the three notches.User Interface (9/10)At first this phone seemed a little complicated, but Windows Mobile 2003 is actual pretty easy to use.  It syncs up with my home PC with no problems using the included USB data cable.  It automatically converts mp3 audio files and movie files automatically to work on the phone.  Windows media player is great feature on this work and so far has worked flawlessly for me.Camera/Camcorder Quality (8/10)The camera on this phone is 1.23 mega pixels and takes pictures at a maximum resolution of 1280x960.  The image quality of the camera is pretty good.  Considering it is a phone and not a 5 mega pixel digital camera, I feel that the camera is pretty good.  Camcorder runs smoothly and will record as much video as you have memory for.  It will not stop at 15 seconds like most of the cellular phones on the market today.Earpiece/Speaker (5/10)The earpiece on my .342 software was absolutely unusable.  It was extremely quiet.  The upgraded 1.300 software resolved the issue to an extent.  It is usable now but in a noisy environment, it is not.  I really feel that it could be louder but for most, it is usable.  The speaker is fairly loud for ring tones, but in my opinion, it is too quiet for an actual speakerphone call.  The speakerphone itself is half-duplex like most other phones on the market so it is mainly used when I am on hold.Overall, I am in love with this phone.  The earpiece is a major selling point with me and I am hoping that with a new software update, it will get louder.  Other than the earpiece this phone is everything I have ever wanted.  The only thing this phone cannot do is make my coffee in the morning.  For $49.99, I won't be complaining anytime soon.

I have never written any review on any item. But I feel very compelled to write one this time. I loved this phone a lot but had to return it. It has everything I wanted, except the very basic feature of the phone, the speaker volume! The volume is sooo low on the earpiece, the speaker phone itself and the microphone. There is a few glitches in the software here and there. The side buttons are too big so sometime you may accidently change the setting. But I consider these are minor problems. Outlook, ActiveSync, blue tooth, Media player and everything else pretty much works fine. Despite all of these great features, the low volume is unbearable. I always love moto phones especially they have good sound systems. MPX220 is definitely NOT the one you would expect from Motorola. I'm very disappointed. I will just have to wait until they come out with a new PDA phone. By the way, the ROM version on mine is 1.30.

The story about my courtship with the MPx220 and Cingular could take up pages, but I need to impart one single thing to everyone considering purchasing this phone:THE DATA PLAN THEY SELL YOU IS INCOMPATIBLE WITH THE PHONE.Cingular's Media Works works with all of their phones EXCEPT for the Treo, one of the Blackberrys, and this phone.  What's worse, no one at Amazon or Best Buy or Cingular stores or even Cingular customer support knows this, at least until you ask them SPECIFICALLY about it.  It was not until three days after I purchased this phone that they told me that the standard unlimited data plan ($20 for unlimited data + hundreds of texts + several picture messages) is incompatible with the phone, and that I would have to pay $30 for 5Mb of data or $40 for unlimited data.  I spoke with many, many managers; 1) none of them knew of this issue before me, and 2) they refused to give me the $20 unlimited data that I paid for.  Furthermore I later found out that the various Media Works packages are incompatible with the unlimited data plans; that is, you would have to purchase data and texts and pictures messages separately, as the SMS + MMS packages are incompatible with this phone's data plans.I ended up returning the phone.  Were it not for my experience with Cingular's duplicitous bait-and-switch practices, I really would have married that phone......as an update to this review, I went ahead with this phone anyway.  What sold me on Cingular was their offer for free MMS through 2005, which is essentially free e-mail.  After that I'll probably use my Amazon rebate toward Cingular's early cancellation fee, which means I still get the phone for a platry $200.  $200 for a phone that can play movies, record footage, print via Bluetooth, wirelessly exchange files with my PDA and computer, and do my laundry?  Money can't buy better.

I do and it's very plain to me that Motorola is just another big company living off of it's reputation.  All the bad reviews here are true.I had to get mine replaced 3 times during the 1 year warranty.  On the one I have now the Bluetooth works great if you keep the phone in your shirt pocket.  You can't carry the phone on your belt as it is just on the edge of it's Bluetooth range.Also when I loose the signal - The phone display never updates to indicate it now has service.  The phone still functions normal with the ability to make and receive calls but when you know you are back in a 5 bar area, the display still proudly displays No Service.  You have to turn it off and back on to reset the display. I can live with that but I don't have much hope for the second year of my contract with no warranty.I also have a Motorola V220.  I had it replaced in Nov because of the display problem and now 3 months later in February it is out again.  This time it is out of warranty. Funny how these cell phone contracts are so one sided.Stay away from the MOTOROLA name completely for your best guarantee of satisfaction.

I just got my mpx220 from amazon.com and its is great. There was a review that said not to buy from amazon, but i did and the phone is tha right version. It has the orange sticker on the box and it is ROM 1.3. It is the best phone that ive ever had. What doesn't it have? Iv'e had this phone for a while and it has been great.

This was my fourth phone over the last seven years.  It does have a couple of good points.  Outlook integration for contacts and appointments is excellent.  However, email synching causes strange problems with Outlook on the PC and sometimes locks up the phone.  I turned off the email synching and all Outlook integration problems went away.  Voice dialing consistently works well, even in noisy environments.Now the bad stuff: The phone often won't answer the call.  It rings, you push talk or open the phone and nothing happens. Reception is terrible.  It is definitely a phone problem becase often when the MPx220 couldn't make or receive calls I'd use a v180 or v220 from a family member and make calls with no problem.  The phone would lock up once every day or two.  The earpiece volume is way too low.  A work around is to use the phone in speakerphone mode.  Speakerphone mode turned down two notches is about the same as other phones non-speakerphone mode.  Internet access is so slow as to be useless (probably a Cingular isse).Finally, the phone died after 2-3 months.  It's covered under warranty but replacements are unavailable.  I can't do without a cell phone that synchs to Outlook so I'm guessing I'll go back to Nokia.

It was with high hopes, that I placed the order for the Motorola Smartphone. A couple of days later after using the phone, I was literally cursing the moment in which I decided to order the MPx220.  It has been a pain with the reception going away all of a sudden and the phone getting turned off for no reason. After using it for a month I realize that its just not worth the trouble.Basically, I am a very reasonable person and do agree that a product can have its pros and cons. But where my Smart Phone is concerned, the cons certainly outweigh the pros.Pros:1. Compact, Easy to carry, Sleek & Stylish2. The phone's speaker is good3. The operating system is ok4. Outlook integration for contacts and appointments is excellent5. Quad band phone - so it works everywhere6. The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7. Transferring files is very easyCons:1. Battery is terrible. Holds poor charge2. Reception is poor3. Freezes frequently4. Takes a long time to boot5. Phone drops calls often6. Turns off for no reason7. The power cord works only when attached at an angle8. Synchronization with Outlook can be done using Microsoft ActiveSync only9. The earpiece volume is very low10. Volume button at an uncomfortable position. Every time you use the phone,  you may accidentally change the volume11.  Difficult to use the alarm functionI know a couple of guys who were lucky with the product and who are quite happy with the way their Mpx220 is working. They say that it is great and it is like a PDA cum PC cum phone rolled into one and that one needs to be tech-savvy to utilize its features to the maximum.So maybe (?) where the MPx220 and me are concerned, I have just been unlucky. Will certainly try my luck with some other phone

The MPX220 phone has a lot of cool/impressive features - Bluetooth, quad band, miniSD card, voice dialing, speakerphone, mp3/video player, lots of memory built-in (64MB ROM/32MB RAM), USB cable and outlook sync, etc.However, both the hardware and implementation / layouts of the different functions are mediocre at best.Lots of firmware problems - look at mpx200.org -&#62; Microsoft SmartPhones -&#62; Motorola 2nd Generation and there have been a couple of recalls already. Would not be suprised if there was a class action suit on this phone!The software is top notch - brings up numbers as you type etc.If you have paid over $50, then you have paid too much.For $50, the phone is an excellent buy.Good points1. Feature-laden - quadband, expandable memory etc.2. Comes with USB sync and charge cable w/ Outlook and sync3. Bluetooth works fine with firmware version 0.3424. 1 Megapixel Camera5. Phone is unlocked and can be used w/ other overseas SIMs when traveling. All Cingular world GSM phones are unlocked per Cingular Business Customer Service.6. Speakerphone not bad - works as advertised, not extremely loud, but can be made so using outdoor profile.On the other hand,1. Weighs over 6 oz2. Larger and longer than other phones such as Samsung E7153. Does not come with any holster, carrying case4. Camera pictures are so-so and washed out.5. May need reboot occassionally if it hangs (remove battery)Make sure you buy using Amex or other card that provides extended maintenance in case it needs to be sent to Motorola for reflashing firmware (to fix bugs such as speaker volume etc.).

I was generally pretty happy with the phone. It had it's short comings but it had things I needed like syncing with my Outlook etc. I've had the phone for 8 months now and the issues I've had have outweighed any good. It drops calls. The ear piece speaker is very week and I have to use a headset. Now that I have been using a headset, I can't get the phone out of headset profile mode. That means I have to have a headset with me at all times. I have called support, tried to install the software update but to no avail. I was supposed to be sent a new phone by they are apparently on backorder... very bad sign. I'm trying to Audiovox SMT 5600 Smartphone in hope that it is better. Good luck!!

I have had this phone for a month and absolutely love it! It has already changed the way I work and has greatly reduced the amount (and weight) of electronics I carry most days. Without a thought I now carry my entire data base, calender etc. and have my emails updated every 5-30 minutes through my exchange server.Yes, the speaker could be louder but that is remedied by using Motorola's bluetooth speaker.I would love a keyboard and more memory, but the small size and weight are a more than reasonable trade-off.For a compact, useable tool-- this is it! (For now.)
