
The palm treo that I purchased is a very handy piece of equipment that keeps me in touch even while on the go.The internet is something that is important to me and this phone has got it.I will recommend it.

Actually, this phone had all the makings of the breakthrough product which PalmOne needed to compete against the Blackberry. But, this phone was plagued with constant endless automatic rebooting and automatic shut down of the phone feature. Certainly, these symptoms are not typical of Palm reliability and stability that their users have come to appreciate. Review Update 3/11/06: As these issues were resolved with update 1.2, I can now finally recommend this phone.

Finally, a PDA, phone, and MP3 player all in one. And the Treo 650 delivers, if it weren't for the bugs!The Palm portions work as you'd expect, the screen is awesome, and it syncs with my Linux box faster and more reliably over Bluetooth ([...] (So I don't care much if the unit can't read Microsucks documents.)The system used to reset itself daily, or sometime require a manual reset when you couldn't turn it off, or on, or when it hung. Most of these resets disappeared when I ran the dbScan software that comes with DateBk5 to remove deleted records. You can get the dbScan software from the DateBk5 site. I read another review here that the 1.20 firmware update helped the stability too. I'll have to try it.The VersaMail application as well as the Bluetooth and Network preferences pages have some usability issues. The VersaMail application reverted to factory defaults--losing my mail--twice over the past six months.The Palm Wireless headset sometimes doesn't pick up calls, but when it does, the sound appears to be pretty good. Wish I could turn up the volume more though. Sharing the same power cord with the Treo is a welcome feature.The phone is surprisingly robust. It's taken a lot of lickings and keeps on ticking. However, it took its last fall last week (and it was a beaut--it leaped out of its case while I was sprinting across a street) which rendered some of the phone operations inoperative. Tip: Don't get the Covertec horizontal pouch case which rotates and dumps the phone nearly every time you get out of the car, or releases the phone when you run.Someone mentioned that the text was hard to read. I'm over 40 and can read the crisp lettering just fine without my glasses. The keyboard is nice too: I could use Grafitti very well (I wrote a trip journal for two months in Grafitti!) but can type a whole lot faster and more accurately with the keyboard.Despite the problems and well-deserved criticism with the phone, I will be replacing my dead unit with another 650. I don't use the phone heavily, so if the 1.20 firmware update improves the stability, I will be content.

I have had a Treo 650 for about two years now.  I am a cell phone junkie and like to have the newest technology but I love this phone so much I won't even think of getting something else.  I won't even "upgrade" to a newer Treo.  As a matter of fact the one I have in use now is my second.  I bought the first one used on the internet to test it out and the second new.  It reboots from time to time but only if I have the text message notification and try to delete messages with out clearing the notifications.  Not a big deal at all.I have downloaded Ringo so I can use MP3's for ringers which was my biggest gripe of all.The camera takes ok pictures but I am not expecting professional quality from my phone.  Just a snapshot to remember the moment.  If you really want good pictures take your camera for pete's sake.

I've owned six different Treo Palm phones.  I've also gone through at least a half-dozen of many of each model due to the handset protection program.  No amount of these phones has ever proven to be reliable or not without problems.  Let my misery be your wisdom.  Move on.  Palm has repeatedly made it clear they are not capable of producing an adequate smart phone.  Ignore my advice and waste your money.

For the people who wants to understand this equipment here is my comments:This is a great tool for executive people. Reason:1.you don't need to get the hole office in a conference room or outside the office,  just consult your files with a SD 500MB and share doc's with others, for me it's helpfull consulting important info in the act!2. You can manage your agenda, contact and notes with Outlook (if you want to) and now I have WiFi solution in [...] product name: Enfora WiFi for 650, so I send, recieve e-malis and very friendly software chat named: Verychat IM for palm (instant message)3. Lets talk about phone skills: this is a non full day phone for the people who job depends 120% of phone calls, you may understand this equipments help you to get integreted solutions in one. For me its tremendous becouse all I need in a phone is dialing and recieving calls, nothing else.OVERALL, I feel comfortable with the palm OS, it's simple and not requires a lot of windows open, this feature protect the processor, not the same with pocket PC's that you need to reset continuously for used RAM capacity, beleve me, I had a HP2400 pocket PC and that was my problem.See you.

It may not be the latest version of the Treo family, we bought ours used, but the Treo 650 is a great phone to be sure!  Palms have generally always been good devices and this is certainly no exception.

This phone is great! I had a Palm PDA and wasn't looking forward to retype all my contacts when my company required us to switch to GSM phones. Connecting the phone was just a matter of putting in the SIM card and power on the phone. The only downside... The Price!!Very happy with my purchase.

First off, I enjoy buying and switching cell phones and PDAs and trying out all the features, nit-picking their deficits, and praising their perfections...it's become a hobby, somewhat, and to date I have not found the perfect one of either (although Nokia phones are close).Secondly, I'm a bit obsessive-compulsive when it comes to planning, organizing, etc. and for 8 years I have not been able to let go of using paper planners rather than switching over to a PDA. I decided to switch over this year since as a new nurse, I don't trust to carry much to work, especially an organizer spilling over with post-it notes. As for phone usage, I am not a power user but I do use it several times a day in short conversations.The Palm Treo 650 has been awesome, better than I expected, and is not making it very difficult for me to let go of paper and pen. What struck me first was the gorgeous screen (it's something like 65,000), which is bright  and vibrant (compared to the Tungsten I have had). There's a plethora of features to learn but that's part of the fun, isn't it? I got this phone unlocked so I use it on T-Mobile.Since I am not a business professional, I cannot speak for the functionality from that perspective but as young professional who loves to text message, constantly check email (I got Gmail POP to work in 2 minutes flat), use the phone, and obsessive-compulsively check daily plans, weekly timetables, etc. as well as write several notes-to-self, to-do lists, and shopping lists, this Treo is awesome. It also doesn't hurt that it looks terrifically sophisticated, albeit bulky, which I actually like (it doesn't feel so dainty like the Motorola Q and Samsung Blackjack). And I personally like the antenna on top, unlike the more recent Treo models.I have not had the issue that others have had of the phone switching on and off or freezing and so far the applications have been running seamlessly. As there as tons of things to find out about this Treo, I will just conclude with the highlights of the good and bad that I've found:GOOD:1. Good look, good feel (just get a case or sleeve so it stays shiny and new).2. Screen and colors are beautiful.3. Call quality is good and clear, no issues with volume.4. Organizer is excellent and easy to learn/use.5. Camera phone is good for a VGA cam, just make sure to get a larger capacity SD memory card.6. Battery life is good (I charge it every 2-3 days)7. Versamail retreives my Gmail with no problem.8. Internet, although not 3G or Wifi, will suffice!9. Any extra applications or help you need is probably already on the internet.10. Bluetooth syncs well with my Mac's Bluetooth, transferring pictures and songs is soo easy.11. Lots of customizing options.NOT SO GOOD:1. Wish Palm would come out with a different, more detailed "Month View," rather than those colored boxes/blocks representing your events.2. Wish the camera could have been a 1.3mp camera or higher.3. Keypad is still kind of cramped.Overall, this Treo 650 has been good to me. It's fun to use, although I can't tell you how it holds up as a heavy-duty business phone. Hope this helps others in the same boat! Especially those who have had a hard time deciding whether to make the switch from paper planning to a PDA.

This product is massively annoying.  I was forced to purchase it as it was the "company" standard.  Among the problems:The keyboard is too small resulting in many misdialed numbers and mistyped entries.The side buttons for controlling the volume are far too easy to accidentally push resulting in constant adjustment of phone and unit volume. (Why in the world aren't they locked out when the keyboard it locked out?)The accessories are the cheapest of cheap junk. The cables do not seat well in the product and the desktop cradle is a total waste of money and I've stopped using it all together because most of the time the unit will not connect to the laptop in the cradle without massive fiddling with the cable.I will never buy another Palm product again.

Is not a celullara phone is a real good PDA and very easy to work with it.

This is phone is the perfect cross between a cell phone and a PDA. I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone of my friends and family.

I owned a Treo 180, but after many years of service and a lot of duct tapings, solderings and super-gluings, the Treo 180 was due for retirement. I'd been planning on replacing it for a while, but since Palm seems to crank out a new smartphone every three seconds, I was having trouble deciding on which model to buy. I wanted to get a 700p but since there were no CDMA networks available in my country, I settled on a 650. The Treo series of PDA phones are no joke, they have always been top-of-the-line products. The 650 is no exception. It's an excellent PDA and an excellent phone with few flaws.Since I could write a book on why this product is so great, I'll just list its few flaws:- The headset port is on the bottom of the PDA...the worst place for it to be.- Instead of a dedicated power button, the 4th hard button is now the power button. WHY!?!?!- Palm has been promising WiFi drivers for this PDA since it's launch, none have been delivered so far. Don't tell me about the finnicky, overpriced Enfora WiFi sled...- The Media program's viewing abilities are very basic. Three levels of zoom, pics come out looking badly pixelated when resized, videos taken in low-res mode are shown in a TINY box. A different photo viewing app might be a better choice. TCPMP is a better app for video playback.- The button layout sucks for gaming. You'll end up accidentally hitting the Home and Menu keys often.- More built-in memory would be nice. It's not bad now, the NVRAM system gives you 22MB of user-accessible memory, and the Treo has 10MB of dedicated RAM where programs are loaded to and run. And this PDA is QUICK. I'm a very impatient person, and I've never been irritated by having to wait for something on this PDA yet.- The screen and keyboard backlights cannot be independently controlled without extra software (such as keyshades or KBlightsoff). The keyboard backlight is rarely needed, it would seem to be only common sense to include such an option. When switched off it saves a HUGE amount of power.- The camera's picture quality isn't great, but it's on par with most high-end cell phones. BTW, the Sephia effect is great for taking pictures in the dark.- The LED is pointed directly into the user's left retina like a frickin' laser beam. There is freeware available to turn it off if the irritation is too great.- Doesn't come with a spare stylus. Every device that uses a stylus should come with a spare stylus. No matter how careful you are, it could slip out of your fingers and into a storm drain.- In a few instances some functionality (mostly keyboard shortcuts) has been sacrificed for user-friendliness. An annoyance to power users like me.- The biggest annoyance...on the Treo 180, if you held one key on the keyboard and pressed another, the characters would come out in sequence. This allowed the user to type more quickly by rolling the thumb from one key to another. Try this on the 650 and only the first character comes out. This makes the keyboard a bit more user-friendly to newbies but it can hamper the typing speed of thumb keyboard veterans such as myself. Not a big issue, just an annoying limitation.Well there you have it, a full list of what's wrong with the Treo 650, an otherwise outstanding device. IMO, all those problems put together don't justify giving this product less than five stars. I have no reliability problems (I have the latest firmware) and like I said, it's QUICK. Dissing this device is like dissing a supercar because it's hard to get into and the boot is too small, and I would recommend the same solution - look at an entirely different product. So, if you want a simple, fashionable phone just for everyday communication, move along smartly. If you want a no-nonsense feature-packed lightning-fast PDA phone, make sure you consider a Treo.I highly recommend the following accessories: JAVOscreen Treo 650 screen protector, Sandisk Ultra 2 SD-USB card, 2.5mm-3.5mm Headphone Adapter. You might also want to look at a pen/stylus combo and bluetooth headset.

I has been a PALM fan since the 90s ... just decided to buy a TREO. The 680 and its battery limitations suggest me to go with the 650 (out of production) ... This is going to be hard to believe but : I bought 5 (yes FIVE) TREO 650s, the first 4 were defective (keyboard problems, one came without camera !!!, another just freezes after it was turned o, and the last one didn't work with my fully functional GSM SIM Card) ... went to to TigerDirect in MIAMI, returned the last one, and changed for a unit that, so far, WORKS !!!!Palm should be ashame ...

I wanted a device that could be used as aPDA (TODOs, Calendar, Note Taker)Music Player while commutingPhoneroughly in that order of importance. I've used this device every day for 2 months now, and after a bit of tweaking, I've found the Treo to be a brilliant device that does all of these things and more.One word of warning. The Treo 650 is *not* a usable device out of the box. It requires configuration changes and installation of 3rd party applications before it becomes usable. Add $50 to the cost of the phone for the extra software and gadgetry you will need to buy to make this thing work.Phone: Works great after you 1) Buy "VolumeCare" so you can actually hear the person you are talking to and 2) Switch off the touchscreen while using the phone so you don't keep hanging up the phone with your ear! I only use the phone a few times a day and am not a power user but I actually find it a better phone than the Nokia I used to have.Music Player: The Treo 650 is a good, but not a *great* music player. It's OK, but if you are a music freak who listens to music everywhere they go you will want something better than this. For me it's great for listening for 5 minutes while I'm waiting for the bus or whatever.You will need to buy an application called "pTunes"; the music player that comes with the Treo is *very* basic. The headphone jack is the wrong size, so you will need to buy a convertor. There is some kind of problem with the jack that makes it crackel every now and then. Little annoyances like that. You will also have to buy an SD card to store your music.PDA: The first PDA I've owned, and it works great for me. It's also great for GTD (Getting Things Done). I'm much more on the ball now my calendar and next actions are in my pocket everywhere I go.As you can see, the Treo 650 requires some effort on the part of the user. If you are looking for something that "just works", or you are ultra busy and can't afford the time to sit down and get it working, then this is not the phone for you.On the flip side, this is also the strength of the Treo. *Every* problem you encounter has been fixed by someone somewhere. Don't like the calendar that comes with the Treo? Download and install a different one. Music player no good? Install a better one. It's awesome. Every other gadget I have has flaws I wish could be fixed, but the only way is to buy a new device. Not so with the Treo.One more thing. My Treo is extremely stable and I've never had a problem with it crashing (except for some 3rd party apps I've tried). The newer firmware has fixed all the previous problems with stability.If you use Linux (like I do), you'll find it integrates seamlessly with the Treo. Using KPilot, all my contacts and calendar are now available on my laptop as well as the Treo. Handy.The Treo is bigger than your usual mobile phone, but is still small enough to easily carry around in your pocket (it's about half the size of my wallet for example).Highly recommended.

For those who see things from Palm's point of view (the Zen of Palm, as it were) this device is an excellent choice. It combines the efficient and superbly usable Palm operating system with an adequate phone implementation. Combining the two devices (PDA and phone) is a Good ThingFirst, the PDA: You're getting Palm's fabled ease of use, coupled with the massive library of 3rd party PalmOS applications. Pretty much anything you want to do with a PDA, from acccessing your PC via VPN, to playing FPS games, is supported by someone. There are literally thousands of utilities, games, and other applications can be downloaded, often for free. The built-in support for MP3's, MS Office files, the 320x320 screen, and the camera all add up to an excellent PDA.Next the phone: This is an adequate implementation of a phone. While the device seems to do well at getting a signal, and there is no problem with making calls from the built in applications, putting the PDA to your ear does take some getting used to. A bluetooth headset solves this, and I'm not sure there's a better solution. The speakerphone is both loud and clear.The only con (thus far) is a lack of support in some older 3rd-party applications. If you happen to download something that isn't "well behaved" you can wind up with the occasional soft reset. No loss of data, but annoying nevertheless. This is usually the fault of a programmer taking liberties and using "unsupported" methods... for instance, accessing memory directly to write to the screen.Overall, I highly recommend the Treo 650.

I bought the Treo 650 upon recomendation from a business associate who had upgraded to the 700 with the Windows OS, He says he regrets the switch and missed the 650. My local cell provider offered me a 650 for $400 with a 2 year contract and Amazon sold me an unlocked one for $280 delivered.  Very happy with phone and Amazon.

thanks palm! 350 dollar doorstop dont buy 650  update will kill it,want you buying new models,count on endless looping ,big pile o caca! other than that it just wonderful  oh yea no refund either,

I would not get this phone because it still crashes and reboots even after the software "updates."  The phone also has other problems as well.  The LCD screen gave out within 30 days of use.  The headset jack failed, too within 3 months.  Both the software and hardware on this phone need better QA.

Few things I would really like to comment out about this outstanding phone.* Great PDA with most of functionalities like email, messaging, MP3 player and with Documents to Go you can create/edit Word,excel documents and endless possibilities.* Purchased Palm branded TOM TOM GPS adapter and it works like a charm. I can use it on own / rental car and also address check in an offline mode to find out Points of Interest(nearest Gasoline, drug store etc).* Downloaded Cingular Xpressmail(though it consumes 1M of Treo memory). I have Xpressmail running on my PC at work and I can instantly check my emails, calendar on my PDA. It is just awesome. Also, you can set your My Documents directory as Documents folder.In case you download songs, you can do it on the click of a button. Mind if you are using Mmode or any data plan, better go for an unlimited plan or Wifi sled for Treo.Or you can buy Palm Wifi SD Card and driver hacks are available to work with Treo.* Using Bluetooth for both Hotsync and Dialup Networking(DUN) would save money from these greedy Wireless carries for dowloading mails etc.Only headache I am facing with HotSync cable. It works intermittently whatever I try.

I was going to buy one of these but then realised there is no WiFi support which is crazy since the LifeDrive from Palm has WiFi.My guess is that they have decided not to put WiFi in to please cellular operators. I've watched others with Windows CE WiFi phones place free Skype calls over WiFi. I wanted the same facility.Without WiFi you are locked to the operator for expensive and slow data transfer, and massively high data roaming rates.I'm so sick of waiting for Palm to release a combined PDA+phone that can access the Internet via WiFi (or WiMax later) that I am now considering going against my principles and buying a Windows CE based phone.And going by the other reviews it seems Palm have no fixed the problem I have with my current Palm phone+PDA (Tungsten W) the SIM card is held by a trap door which is a terrible design. It means you are plagued with dropped calls or the device being disconnected because the SIM has lost contact.

I did buy the unlocked Treo 650 and my local company in Chile did not have problems to adapt for national use.I was a previous Sony Clie/Motorola cell phone user and I expect the best possible performance for my new device.I did read some reviews about "rebooting problems", specially when the e-mail is checked or when the phone is on use, but I did not experience problems at all.For me it has been the perfect solution to have the PDA and the cell phone together, saving space and having all the information in one place.

I picked up a 650 mostly because I wanted a cheap smart phone that I could easily text back n forth with my wife, replacing my Fusic (good for a phone, but not great for text).She's got the Centro, which is a nice, tiny phone with an equally tiny keyboard.  Personally, I like having the larger keyboard for texting.  The display is bright, sensitive, and really shows the details.  I've also got a program for it that allows playback of video, which doesn't make it a video iPod killer, but it does the job very well.  With a conversion program, I can get several movies on my phone, and have no complaints about the video side of things.  Battery life is very good, and I was lucky enough to get a spare battery, just in case :)I was also able to pair this with a BlueTooth headset with no issues at all, and it works very well with it.  I guess the only thing that bugs me is the LED flashing nearly constantly, showing that it's getting a signal.  You can easily pick one of these up cheap, and I highly recommend it to anyone that's looking for a Blackberry alternative or want to get more out of your standard cell.

I invested in the above item a couple of months ago and since then my busy life seems to have become much easier to manage with instant access to email, synchronization with my home PC, etc.

I bought a Treo 650 completely unlocked because I live outside US, first it was good, everything worked fine UNTIL I started using the phone for the first time. It's really painly to use, because keys are very tiny and it's very easy to press what you don't want, besides that, even when I was using anti-scratch films on the screen, it always was dirty because when you use the phone against your head to speak it gets dirty with marks of your ear.But as this wasn't completely painfull, the phone got locked once a week at least, sometimes I tried to make a call and it just didn't dialed until you turned it off and on again, like a soft reset, sometimes I was using an application and it just turned off and on again without hesitate or asking, I really NOT recommend buying this equipment nor Amazon or any other online or physical store.

It's the best gadget that i've ever bought! I was used to carry a cell phone and a palm and now i just care one simple thing.

I bought this phone and picked it up at my P.O Box in Texas: In buying it unlocked through amazon instead of buying it from my carrier here in Monterrey I saved around 350 USD. It might be an outdated version in the states but the price differential here is incentive enough.My main reason for buying this phone was that I needed an incentive to carry my palm with me- a smart phone proved to be a good solution. The device works just as well as advertised. My only complaint so far would be the phone volume- at the highest level you still sometimes strain to hear a dull connection.

When I first got my Treo 650 I was so excited. It was one of my first PDA phones. With all the cool little hacks and apps for it, I thought it would be so cool. The Treo does have all the good functions for a PDA or phone but sucks when you put it together. After about 2 months I started to experience the little glitches. Browsing was a pain. Also after a while whenever I had an incoming call it would sometimes shut off and restart. I don't know what was wrong with it but it got very annoying. Had this phone for about 6 months before I had to switch it up. Also it's a little bulky.

The PalmOne Treo 650 is one of the best, if not the Best, Smartphones out there.  I can do almost everything I want to on it.  I can watch DVD movies (TPCMP) that Ive put on the SD storage card , I watch some TV with my MobiTV program, I can listen to MP3's, streaming internet radio, podcasts (ptunes), and with my FM Transmitter (Belkin) plugged into the earphone (buy the 2mm to 3mm adapter)I can listen to all of those over any FM receiver such as the speakers in my car.  I can send and receive email (chatteremail), entertain myself in waiting rooms with games, print (palmprint) to my bluetooth printer (HP 450cbi) , read books and html pages(isilo), send sms and mms messages, take pictures and small movies with the built in camcorder, Surf the web and unzip downloaded compressed files and programs.The palm os is very stable and tons of programs are out there and many of them are freeware.I suggest buying the PalmOne Bluetooth handsfree earpiece, PalmOne cradle, Seidio extended battery, and the auto charger.-The best Ive ever had, and Ive had, baby!

This is my first PalmOne phone and I really love it.  It gives me everything I need in one phone.  I got the phone so I can have all my contacts in one place, and so far it works well.Great features:* Easy Keyboard* Buttons are at your access via short cuts* Camera is great and so is the video* It has Bluetooth technology* Internet access (Paying through your phone provider)* VersaMail - download your emails to your phone* Overall to me it was easy to get use toI would buy a Palm phone again.  I love to have everything all in one phone.

All in all, it's a good unit. I have been a Palm products user for many years and this one is good. However the qwerty k'board is a mite too cramped. THe Blue tooth device that came with the unit was dysfunctional and had to be returned for another. The new one works well though occassionally produces static and the volume is quite low even at the highest setting. Definitely needs to be increased. The "chat" function on the text service is a cool one. Very helpful to follow the thread of a chat. The camera is adequate though a higher resolution would have been nice. THe software that came with the unit is skeletal. Palm should have included some basic software with the unit. Garffitti software would have been very useful. Overall though the Palm OS works very well, seamlessly integrating with Windows and I am quite happy with the product.

Great unlock Smartphone, I can switch between different cellular companies GSM chip,writen SMS or MMS, not to mention I keep track of my mails between other things.

This phone is much better than most people have defined and great value.I used it all  the time and don't see much of issues people talked about(always possible to have 1 out of 1000 sets to have problem)

Great phone in general, your performance depends on your phone/internet provider. Prone to screen freezing resulting in frequent resets.  If you get the dreaded "Blue Blob", Just ship it back for a new one. I strongly recommend extended warranty service, you will eventally need it.

I've had this unit about a year.  The hardest thing for me to grasp, was that the primary use for this is not as a cell phone, which is what it replaced.  Don't let the encyclopedic-looking user's manual scare you.  I downloaded mine to my desktop off the Palm website and use it as needed to figure out a new feature every now and again.  This smart-device is easy to set up.  We have a small home business and my overloaded purse and aching back demanded some type of all-in-one gadget to keep a calendar, contacts list, phone, notepad, et.al.  Never fails that someone says, "Hey, you guys available for a BBQ on the 13th?"  Now we know instantly.  So those are the reasons why I bought it.  Now here's why we have two of them...Where to start?  Phone quality is good.  However, I'm famous for hitting the touch screen with my ear and inadvertantly ending the call, so I recommend a hands-free whether it has a cord or is BlueTooth - which works well BTW.  Versa Mail works well and I like that while we're on the road, I can get my email and reply to clients immediately so we're not missing business.  The synching feature works great and my husband and I synch about once a week to keep our calendars/contacts straight.  Palm notified me of a free download, "Google Maps" which I love and works much better than Map Quest.  Internet feature is great, camera, video and beaming all work good and taking someone's photo to add to their name as you put them in Contacts is unbelieveably handy.  When we book new clients, I ask if I can take their photo as I load them in my phone and whenever they call, I have an instant face to go with the name.  I keep a security code on it to prevent our client's info from ending up in the wrong hands if I ever lose it.  Oh, and the voice recognition program from Palm, Treo Voice Dialing (purchased separately for $19.95), is amazing in that I don't have to program a number to match a certain sound.  It knows what sounds go with which letter characters so I can simply say "Call Sammy's Tacos" and viola'!  "Calling Sammy's Tacos" is the what the nice lady repeats and she places my call.  Very, very handy while driving.  So with no pre-programming, it will call any of the over 300 entries in my Contacts.  I've dropped this baby in 1 inch of water too and after drying out, it works as good as new.I gave this 4 stars because when I activate the Documents to Go feature, occasionally it will "reset the radio" which means it shuts off the phone feature and reboots it.  It's a bug I can't figure out how to fix and since it only happens occasionally, it's not repeatable at the Sprint Store (of course) so they have no idea what I'm talking about.If you get any Palm device, I highly recommend purchasing a high-quality silicon skin case vs. any other type of case.  If you are rough on your toys like I am, the silicon provides a sturdy cushion on impact.  I've dropped mine half a dozen times and have never cracked the screen, lost touch screen capability, or had it break apart.  'Course, that could be the cause of the phone reset bug mentioned above too.  Who knows?So in all, I'm very happy with it and we frequently recommends our friends get one as well.  One last thing, it's been very handy at Christmas to send of photo of what I really want to my husband.  He walks into the store, shows the photo to the clerk, and walks out knowing he's gotten me exactly the right thing.  Priceless!

I bought this phone with 1 year option back in Sep 2005 and being a savvy user of Old Palm PDA Vx thought it would be a great product but ...Pros:Very nice and FAST querries and features for phone book, calendar and general PDA stuffOne hand operationTonnes of extra stuff free/$$ including voice dial which searches your own phone book without any training etcRing tone compatibility and if you how to do it it's FREE. Any MP3 can ring for younice resolution vivid screen with several tweeks availablebluetooth transfer to phone from your car works like a charm - well most of the times - see belowExternal memory support for expansion :-) loved this featureOK to nice mp3 sound quality after messaging mp3's a bit and glad to say it's not a battery killer if played withh little monitoring.Cons:3 out of 10 chances are if your two year old dropped it it wont come back7 of 10 chances that if you're using bluetooth it will reboot right in the middle of the call5 of 10 people will complain  that they can't hear you or you can't hear them properly8 of 10 chances (let's make it 9.5) you will hear static and hissing and hum sound along with or without bluetooth and/or speakerphoneGreat PDA bad phone worse bluetooth compatibility great sync and desktop software. I replaced three phones in 9 months as a part of warranty - thanks to cingular and then they finally gave me a blackberry 8700c.So my question to palm: What were you thinking????Lesson learnt: Palm is a PDA and not phone: Will never EVER buy palm product other than ONLY a PDA which is not going to happen anyway.Just my 2c and no more

I bought my Treo 650 unlocked because I expected to be able to use it with imy Macintosh until I'm ready for wireless phone service. Unfortunately, the device I received came with a visibly defective synchronization cable:there are far fewer copper pieces projecting from the cable than there are slots to receive a connection in the Treo.Since the Treo had come in a sealed box from the manufacturer, first I tried contacting Palm to see about getting a replacement cable. After finally getting through to Palm's customer support and being walked through a final unsuccessful attempt to make the software work, Palm refused to replace the cable. They referred me back to Amazon.And as it turns out, Amazon's return policy is that you can only return items that are in an unopened box. How you're supposed to know that an item is defective without opening the box mystifies me.Except for the single defective cable, the Treo 650 seems to work fine. Amazon, however, should have a "caveat emptor" on its site to let customers know that they're on their own if these "unlocked" Treos come with defectve parts.

I am in love with this phone!First off, the Palm functionality is wonderful! The address book and calendar all work excellently, and the cross-functions are greatImprovements include SMS messaging, which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses, unlike the Treo 600The web on here is faster ---- the screen is crisperHowever, BlueTooth is the BEST new feature ----- wireless data transfer is, usually, quick, and the wireless headphones are greatLastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable --- however, ever since the system software was updated to 1.12, it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!Ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it, alreadyI am a former Treo 300 and 600 user, and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny, considering the bluetooth and software improvementsalso - if you're going GSM, then the UNLOCKED model is a great idea, as this model can work on any GSM network in the world, depending on which SIM card you useso buy it!!! - you won't be sorryPS - the Cardo Scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone

My wife and I absolutely love our phones.  I am writing a warning however to alert people that this phone automatically connects to internet for whatever reasons and your cell phone service is charged tremendously without an unlimited data/internet plan.  Our normal cell phone bill for both phones is typically $120.  We just received a bill for more than $1100 (no joke) and our provider whose name rhymes with horizon said there was nothing I could do and it was my fault for not having unlimited data service.  Just beware!

Well, all I have read is true about this phone concerning infinite loops of resetting and crashing. It's all true. The reason for this rebooting of sorts was a memory allocation problem. If you loaded too many programs on the Palm and reached this "limit" the phone would loop forever becoming useless. When I first got it, I could only load 3 programs and it would be full. It was the dumbest display of memory allocation use I have ever seen. I mean, seriously, 3 programs and it was full. The same program in a different Palm device was 1/3 the size. Well, finally, they came out with a firmware update which made it all OK. The memory issues were solved, now I can load a ton of programs and still not fill my memory. It stopped crashing!!!! Yes, Versa Mail works!!! It also no longer crashes. I can now recommend this amazing phone without any reservations. The palm part of it is great. The phone is excellent, great reception, excellent bluetooth, etc. If you have no issues with the price, get it. I have no regrets. The competition is the iMate Jam which is windows.

The shipping and product delivery from the seller was fine.  The stability of the operating system in the unit however has been rather iffy.  This is my 3rd Palm Treo, and love the units, but this one may have a bug in it.  It rather routinely freezes up or randomly shuts down and resets on its own, losing whatever work I had.  I'm trying to give it some time to see if there's a pattern, but my fear is that I may be sending this in for service or looking to spend another chunk of money on an all new unit.  Not sure.

It's been two weeks with my Treo 650 and now I remember why I love the Palm OS so much. I switched to BlackBerry two years ago (7290) and I've enjoyed using it except for the very, very basic screen. I assume that's how they get such remarkable battery life. But, I've had to switch from the BB for work reasons and I'm very happily using Palm again. My last Palm was a Palm Vx and it's still alive and kicking after many, many years.The Treo 650's screen is really amazing. And, I've read the older reviews about the Treo 650 and the frequent resetting issue. I was certainly concerned and ready to send it back if I had problems (Cingular gives you 30 days to try it out). So far only one reset in two weeks with the Palm - honestly, I had to reset the BlackBerry constantly so I'm not sure I'd notice the difference. And, the BB resets are particularly annoying because they would happen at the start of answering incoming calls and then literally take 5-8 minutes to reset and let me use it again. I'm not sure why it took so long - I did have a big address book. The Palm reset only took 30 seconds.But, here's where Treo shines: screen graphics, photos, mp3s and videos. I can put 2-4 movies on a 2GB SD card, pop into the Palm and carry around some convenient entertainment. One little feature that really impressed me was the ability to display the screen vertically (it's longer that way). With letterbox movies it really increases the size of the video and exceeds the size of videos on my Zen Vision 30GB screen. And, the videos really look incredible.And, of course, there's a ton of free software out there for the Palm. So far, I've only downloaded TCPMP for the movies. The included RealPlayer is very impressive - you're ready to listen to mp3s right out of the box.Final note: I've used the Palm Desktop for PIM stuff (contacts, calendar, to do's) off and on for years and I'm still impressed with it's features and easy/quick navigation. They've always been ahead of the pack - I know many of the newer phones come with similar PIM software so your PC can talk to your new phone but aside from BlackBerry no one else is even in the ballpark.You can manage photos in there as well and even add photos to your address book so once you've synced up your incoming calls display a picture of the caller. I know this has been around for a while but it wasn't available on my old Palm V or the new BlackBerry I've been using for the past few years.

The unlocked Treo 650 phone is a good first time smartphone alternative for who would like to use prepaid GSM SIM cards here or abroad. It's got great features like MMS, superb display, text messaging, calender, MP3 player, 1.3 MP Camera, Versamail(which is great for google mail, not so great for Yahoo) plus the usual PDA functions. Keep in mind that data charges are expensive from all GSM carriers if you are using a prepaid plan however and the battery life is fairly decent depending on usage and of course you should charge the phone regularly as with all smartphones. Having said that, the price i see displayed here is way too high. I purchased the same phone(new, not used or refurbished --- formerly branded to cingular, but unlocked) for $150.00 at Tigerdirect/COMPUSA. Unless this phone's browser supports ALL carriers i really don't see any difference other than the faceplate color and of course it's twice as expensive.Another alternative would be to buy the latest and best smartphone (could be GSM or CDMA depending on where you want to use it) with a contract unfortunately, but if you browse the web a lot/ use e-mail a lot that's the way to go

If you are considering buying a Treo 650 STOP! DON'T DO IT!!! Get a Sony Ericsson P910a.I was really lusting to have this phone.  I viewed this phone as the ultimate in convergence of a PDA and a phone.  However, when I started using the phone I found that it lacked many of the features of my T68i, which is a great phone.First, the software on the Treo 650 only allows incoming calls to be directed to the headset.  When one makes an outgoing call you must dial the phone number then push the button on your headset to transfer the call.  This is a major inconvenience when driving.  I wrote to PalmOne about this and was told politely that this is the way their phone is designed to interact with a Bluetooth headset.Second, voice dialing is not an included feature.  PalmOne endorses a third party voice dialing software that maxes out at 3000 contacts.  Unfortunately, I have more than 3000 contacts in my PDA and I don't use voice dialing for all 3000.  I only use voice dialing for about 40 contacts but this software is an all or nothing proposition.  It doesn't allow the selection of specific contacts for voice dailing, which sucks.  Although PalmOne does offer speed dialing on the Treo, it is a poor substitute for voice dialing, as  I ran out of unique letters to assign to about 11 contacts.Third, the reception for this phone sucks.  All places that my Sony Ericsson T68i works the Treo does not.  In addition, the phone is very heavy compared to the Sony Ericsson 910a.I sold my Treo and replaced it with a Sony Ericsson P910a.  The  Sony Ericsson P910a is the upgrade I was searching for.  It is my Sony Ericsson T68i with a PDA and camera.

Like many others here, I was disappointed in this product. Yes, the PDA is generally up to Palm's usual high standards.However, the product overall falls far below what I would expect from such an expensive device. Problems include1. The audio quality is poor. All calls seem to me to be muffled and indistinct, regardless of the volume setting. This applies to both the phone's earpiece and the supplied headset.2. The Treo quickly became useless to me as an MP3 player. The headphone socket needs a non-standard plug size (although I'm told this is standard for phones) and does not give an adequate contact. Using either an adaptor or a specially-bought set of headphones with the right sized plug, I found music unlistenable, as lightly brushing against the plug would cause loud cracking sounds and loss of sound. To compound things, the only version of Realplayer available in the UK was a crippled one that kept going into "random" mode without giving me any visual indication of this.The contact problem just got worse over the first few months until I gave up using this feature. I have read on line of lots of people having the same problem: it seems that Palm simply used poor quality components.3. Despite firmware updates, my Treo is also prone to hanging and restarting. At one point, it reverted to a PDA only. Pressing the phone button simply showed the PDA screen and I could only remedy this by doing a hard reset, in the process losing all my data since the last synchronisation.In short, I can't recommend this and should have simply gone for a phone, a separate PDA and a cheap MP3 player.

i find the treo 650 is rather moody.  it tends to freeze a lot, requiring resets.  also, if you use exchange for your emails, you would have to buy a new server and get "good" software, which costs around $1,700 per year.  also, the treo 650 bluetooth does not work with my Lexus.  i have had to dump mine and buy a blackberry - something i am loath to do.  HR

I have had my Treo 600 for over a year. It came with a manufacturers defect. I have insurance on my phone and a warranty with T-Mobile that will provide me with a refurbished phone. I have asked for a new phone; however, T-Mobile no longer carries the 600. I said well upgrade me to the one that you do carry. Neither the manufacturer nor T-mobile would upgrade me, even if I paid the difference in the cost. As far as I am concerned I have paid for a phone that I never received. I thought I was getting a new Treo 600 in perfection condition, and that is not what I got.

If this phone were a man I would marry it.  The only thing missing from it is a maid and my life would be complete

I purchased the unlocked GSM phone, and have been extremely disappointed. The phone periodically resets during phone calls, and drops calls randomly. When I called support, they had me do a number of inneffective actions with each call. Finally, I was told that they had a know hardware issue and that I could send my phone in, and within 1-2 weeks I would have it returned, or I could have it expedited (1 week) for 25.00. Either  way I am very dissatisfied as I am paying for a known issue in their product and spent several hours to get any resolution.

First things first, I'm not a person who needs a smartphone...plain and simple. I read the pretty flattering reviews on the Treo 650 whilst on the hunt for a new cell and decided to go with it.Coming from a Razr to Treo is a culture-shock, make no mistake about it. Everything--and I mean EVERYTHING--is different, which I did expect. And at first, yes, this was a great phone, and was a joy to just play around with. After a couple of months, though, is when the problems began to surface. I didn't get the disc to sync the phone up with my computer when I originally got the phone so I had to dig around Treo's website to find the program. No big deal. However, that took me a couple months to find it and once I did I already had a lot of contacts, pictures, some videos, just a lot of stuff I didn't want to lose.That's when I synced my phone with my computer. It wiped out everything with no warning, nothing. So I was left with the same phone I received two months before when I first bought it.Doesn't end there though. I'm forced to reset my phone at least every other day or else I won't get texts. Sure, it sounds like just a little speed bump but it proves to be a pain in the long run. Oh, and unless you have internet access on your Treo, don't even think about getting picture texts. For those of you that love your ringtones you bought, you don't get them on this phone unless you have internet access. And if you're like me, you're not willing to shell out 90+ bucks a month just to have your favorite song as a ringtone.There are a couple pluses though. I do love the way that messaging is set up, in the conversation form. The contact screen is easy to use, though it is kind of hard to screw that up. The calendar option is nice for important dates that you need to remember, though for me those dates are few and far between. The memo option is also nice, something I actually use a lot more than I expected. The memory, sanz SD card, is impressively large and the pictures and videos are, for the most part, really good for a cell phone. And, contrary to popular belief, the in-call volume is plenty loud enough.Basically, it's all give and take with the Treo. There are certain aspects I'm definitely gonna miss when I buy a new phone (which I am, this phone has let me down one to many times) but there are enough things that bug me to no end that just don't justify the price I paid for it. The only person I could honestly recommend this to is the one that absolutely has to have their day mapped out and maybe a business owner. Other than that, stear clear from it if you're not completely ready for it.

The seller says they did not get paid and Amazon say they paid them on the 15th of May and its the 31st. I asked to expedited it and I still have not gotten it. Ordering through Amazon has not been very good! This is the second time that I have had problems. It's been almost a month and I still don't have a Palm Piolet.

At first I was pleased with the capabilities of the device; phone, a real Palm, upgraded screen. Time has tempered my opinion. Buggy, poor audio quality, slow browser, tricky to upgrade especially if you're Macintosh-based and an OS that has not substantively changed in years. A great (and costly) disappointment.UPDATE: After 18 months, the speaker quality steadily deteriorated and my outgoing conversations became inaudible. The connection for the charger no longer functioned reliably and the batteries had to be charged in the base unit (had several friends who experienced similar breakdowns). Now only works as a Palm Pilot, and a heavy one at that. Would have to reduce the rating to a 1/2 star if I could. A truly inferior product. Stay away from the Treo! Would think twice about the 700.

OK, amazon invite me to write my review of my purchase, the Treo 650 PDA Phone (Unlocked).hum... I would have a lot to write, but i'll try to be precise!The Treo 650 it's a phone and a PDA, so:PDA: I actually prefer The Windows Mobile PDA (Pocket PC), but this Palm OS would survive!  If you want to purchase this phone, i would recomend you to wait for the Motorola Q with Windows Mobile.. it looks prety cool. Or the new Palm Treo 670 with Windows Mobile (Pocket PC) as a Operating System (isn't it ironic? it's like Apple realese a computer with Windows!!!)Phone: well, it's cool.Display: Great resolution!Camera: not as good as a real camera, but better than a lot of phone with integrated camera!Size: it's big for a Phone, but it's really small for a PDA Phone.  Much smaller than my old Dell Axim X5.Multitasking: No multitasking, just one app at a time :-(Battery life: great, really great! it last many many days, even using the phone!The thing I don't like about the Treo, is that it comes with a lot of gaps on it's function, like poor sound (fixeable by VolumCare Software), The System Crashes continually, but it recover by it self, so there's no problem either.  lack of programs for audio, video, games, etc, etc...  there are not too many programs for Palm, as for Windows Mobile.ok, I couldn't be precise. sorry! any question, you can also mail me, at [...]see you!

Not at all like what was in the description. DOES NOT WORK WITH VERIZON!!! Even though it says unlocked because it has a SIM card it will only work with certian carriers that still use archaic SIM cards! BUYERS BEWARE!

To answer the problem with the person who mentioned that a hearpiece is recommended because he inadvertanly touches the screen with his ear when a call comes in,  there is a feature that lets you disable the touch screen temporarily when a call is received.  See Preferences | General | Keyguard  then choose the option that suits your needs.  This phone is easy to use and loaded with features.  Backing up all the data takes one click on the button located with the head of the recharging cable.  (This was my biggest fear for not getting into using a PDA for so long).  Entering all your phone contacts and seeing you loose everthing if the PDA goes back was my major concern. They solved this very nicely.  Backing up my Treo takes one push of a button.  Everything is transfered on the PC and if I were to loose it it would take another one click to get everything back on a new one. I wish it was this easy with the PC.I have posted a quick tutorial on my site on how to use the Financial calculator and how to set up FREE google Maps on the TREO.My website is  AgentFreebies "dot" com.Regards

I had a Treo 650 for a year and gave it up a few months ago for a Nokia 6682.  The Treo has many faults.  The most serious is that it periodically (every other day on average) resets during a phone call.  It then takes an unacceptably long time to reboot.  This is very fustrating when you are in the middle of an important phone call.  In my experience even the cheapest category of cellphones do not reset like the Treo.Another serious fault is that the Treo sometimes crashes when running programs.  Sometimes the crash results in the Treo going into an endless loop of resets that prevents the use of the phone.  The remedy for this situation is complicated and not contained in the instruction manual.The Treo is also a little too deep, a little too wide and a little too heavy.I have also had problems with the battery overheating.

I liked this phone four years ago.  But know?  have you seen the new smart phones out there?  For me it is too bulky and clumsy.  the same features that it was praised for can be found on any phone now adays.

I have been using this phone for 4 years and I'm very happy with it. It is a little bulky (compare to a basic flip on) but it has lots of useful stuff to make up for that, and it is fairly easy to use for a complex phone like that. I got it as part of a 2 year contract, but I wish that I could have gotten it on amazon (then). Anyone who is interested in switching from a 'kiddy' phone to a more complex one, but is a little fearful about the level of tech skill/know-how needed should consider this phone. It is affordable and on difficulty level from 1 to 10 (1 being basic flip on) and (10 being top of the line phone with MP3 -gameboard-web-and  everything else ) this would be level 4. I recommend it!

Got my unlocked GSM Treo 650 about 3 weeks ago and have been using it since. Although it's a little bigger than my old Nokia, I really like having all my contacts at my finger-tips.I haven't had any real problems with the unit: it does reset itself once every few days, but I have a lot of 3rd party apps on it.For the most part the unit is fast, efficient and the interface is well thought out!

I took Palm One Treo 650 with Cingular 6 months back. I already exchanged 2 Treo's and now I am having the third piece.Features are good but, there are some of problems that have to be rectified.Reason for returning my 1st Treo 650: Speaker phone quality was too bad and after some time it was not working at all.Reason for returning my 2nd Treo 650: After using it for 3 months, Ringer Volume was totally dead. I had to keep the phone in vibration mode to recognize any in coming call. Speaker phone quality was also bad.Now I got the 3rd Treo 650 and close to the end of warranty period, i am really worried. Once I am out of warranty, I don't have any other option. I tried switching to other phone but, there is no option.

The treo650 could have been an almost perfect device (just add wifi to it, and possibly change the keyboard).  However, there are numerous drawbacks to it that all buyers should be aware:a) The phone sometimes turns itself off w/o telling you (havent been able to figure out the cause).b) Alot of people have issues with the sim cards becoming damaged or not connecting properly resulting in calls that drop.c) The bluetooth sound quality is pretty badd) The new flash memory format used in the 650 results in many apps either breaking, crashing the phone, or subtle bugs.Palm seems to be aware of all these problems and have substantially redesigned its new pda models (the TX solves most of the software and memory issues).  At the moment, I've decided to just use a blue tooth phone with the TX rather than an integrated device.

I am probably one of those happy amazon customers who has had a terrible experience (every word I mean) with this purchase. I am stuck with a malfunctioning handset and stuck with no choice but to send it back.I was clearly not expecting this - though I did happen to read thru some reviews strongly recommending against this purchase! The problem with the purchase is - the KEYPAD JUST DOESNOT WORK - it FREEZEs. The misery and frustration doesnot stop here - I was clearly refused of any exchange / swap with the Palm Support in Singapore - simply because it was purchased in the US. Wonder, are we actually living in a Global Community or is it just "nice to hear phrases"!My advice - donot buy it - else be ready to be faced with malfunctions and Zero support. I plan to return it back to Amazon.

In a word, Awful. Using for about 6 months. Sproatic reboot, lock ups, dropped calls. Used & admired Palm PDA products for years, was highly anticipating integrating PDA with phone, and truly dissapointed in what I thought was a quality product. I believe a class action law suit exists as a result of poor product performance, The only reason it is not in the trash, is the hope that with the pending suit, I may get some redemption finally.

..I;ve had this phone it has done everything I've wanted to do.  my only real complaint isn't so much with the phone it with my service provider.  I use sprint and they charge an extra $15 dollars when I should be using Verizon.  The phone works great I can't wait to upgrade.

Yes this phone has great functionality but it is a terrible phone.  I went from a Samsong tiny flip to this phone, what a dissapointment!  About 35% of my call are dropped, and about 40% of the time I dial and put the phone up to my ear nothing happens and I look back at the phone and it's back to the main screen... no call.  I make about 100 calls a day so I really can't deal with this type of inconsistency.  I you make a high number of calls  DO NOT GET THIS PHONE.  I you just get emails and play games this phone is fine.  It is by far the worst phone I have every had, and I've had at least 30 cell phones.  You will want to throw it into the nearest piece of concrete you can find!  Will someone please make a palm phone that actually works as a PHONE!

I've used pocket PC organizers and later Pocket PC phone for a while. Finally, I gave treo a try. Of course I was very sceptical of Palm great and  system.  I have been a loyal hard-core user of Pocket PC's (PPC) -- had several IPAQs and Samsung PPC phones, accumulated lots of programs and habits around PPC.After using treo for a few days, it dawned on me how much I was missing out.Palm and treo are absolutely superior products both for PDA and as a phone.I'll offer the good and the bad, so you be the judge:Pros:-palm is very lean-fast startup-hardly ever freezes -- MS Pocket PC used to freeze all the time-battery life is many times better than PPC. I get 3 days with some talk time and light use on Treo. On PPC would be out of juice after half a day, with light use.-ease of use is uncomparable. You can truly use treo with one hand and don't really need stylus.  Pocket PC?  well, just think windows with all the drop down menues.-abundance of free or inexpensive programs for Palm. In MS Pocket PC world, only commercial programs were worthwhile.-Palm syncs with Outlook better than MS's activesync. I use Chapura Suite, which is fantastic at capturing all the categories and documents.-Palms's 3rd party MS applications suite is better the MS own Pocket PC.Cons:you'll be addicted to yourMS might end up winning PDA war one day, leaving us, palm fans w/o a good pda.

I am a committed Palm user, heavy traveller, and technically savvy. I am sorry to say that after trying for 3 months, I am abandoning the treo 650 as a disaster. The system software is continually crashing (despite updates), the phone is erratic, and syncing and file management has been a nightmare. I have put in many hours to try and fix it, and had one unit returned because it was defective. But today I've decided to stop bothering, abandon the unit I paid $500 for, and go back to my normal cell phone. Badly done Palm.

There is a WiFi sled adaptor for the Treo 650 available at the Palm store web site for $149. It is called the Enfora Wi-Fi Sled for Treo 650. I found it under the what's new tab.[...]

I've only been using mine a couple of weeks, but have been using both Palmpilots and cell phones for years--and should mention that I lived in Japan for seven years, where the functions of the Treo would be considered very basic and even far outdated with the notable exception that you can add software and therefore functionality to the Treo.Despite what I would consider the low resolution of the camera and screen, the slow speed performance over the wireless network (apparrently the later models of Treo are broadband speed now), and the fact that Palm Software basically came out with a set of winners back in the 1990s and never improved notably, don't let the critical attitude I write this review in deceive you.  I love this thing.  It's perfect for me and my needs--personally, as well as in business.-New batteries and accessories are and will be available for years following your purchase, which means this has it all over other cell phones.-When you upgrade, all your data is transferrable even if you completely change carriers.-One program I added for instance is basically Google Earth--in my pocket!  And with memory cards in the gigabytes, I can add any and as much functionality as I care to have--plus store all my rediculous photos and other nonsense without worrying about running out of space.-I'll be using this as my mp3 player, and it's a camera that will be there even when I wouldn't have thought to bring one.-It holds all my appointments, vital information, etc . . . .-It has advantages over the super Japanese cell phones and system in that I can take longer movies and send them by regular e-mail.-When negotiating business over lunch or golf, where it would be a weak hand to bring a stack of papers or notes, you can input and look up information as need be in this device you would be expected to carry instead.-Add that I can basically use as many e-mail accounts on it as I like.This basically negates whatever need I had to carry a laptop unless I'm on an extended business trip.This is truly a computer with internet access in my pocket.  It can do all the same basic stuff a desktop computer can do.I'm only taking one star away because there are now later models even more capable, and if you're considering buying the 650 you might as well get it with faster internet access.Note that friends of mine with the 700w as opposed to the 700p say they miss the Palm native software and some have said they'll switch to the 700p to get it--so it's something to consider if you're thinking of going a step above the 650.Lastly, though I do find this increadibly handy, I don't know that it's worth the asking price that's usually listed.  If a cell phone of any kind is connected to a service, the most it should cost the customer is $200 with a service contract.  There's really no excuse for charging people $500 for any phone (and I wouldn't have bought mine if it didn't cost me exactly $75 used).  They're selling you a service and making you sign a contract that they'll charge you big time for breaking, so they should take the additional expense when it comes to equiptment for for accessing services they're going to charge you or your company through the nose for anyway.Cingular is currently selling these for $45 with a service contract, and I would take that deal if I weren't able to get mine for a reasonable price.  Conversely, I'd rather not have one issued by my company because that would leave me not a moment's privacy (people I have important business with know when it's appropriate to reach me by means other than my office phone or e-mail, and when it's not.)

I had this phone for three weeks, and ended up returning it to go back to my old phone and separate PDA.  The organizer and sync side of this worked worderfully, and it definitely makes life easier to have everything all together in a single device.  I certainly have no complaints for the software, which has improved dramatically since my first PDA back in the 90s.  I had no problems syncing with my tasks, contacts, calendar, etc., and the ease of entering new appointments wherever I happen to be is indispensable.The bad side begins when you try to use the 650 as a phone.  The interface is simple, intuitive, and functional.  The audio quality and signal quality, however, are horrible.  I have had static and broken audio on nearly every call, and a larger number of dropped calls than with any previous phone.  As this is a primary contact number for me, I had to go back to a reliable device.  The 650 went back to the service provider.  I would not recommend this device for anyone that uses their phone on a regular basis.

I HAVE BEEN USING THE TREO650 FOR OVER 4 YEARS AND UNFORTUNATELY I COULD NOT FIND A GOOD REPLACEMENT. IT IS VERY EASY TO USE AND VERY PRACTICAL WITH CLEAR PHOTOS AND SCREEN. I GOT THIS PHONE FROM SINGULAR AND ONCE I HAVE SWITCHED TO T-MOBILE I GOT STUCK WITH THEIR PHONES WHICH I NEVER LIKED. I HAVE UNLOCKED THIS PHONE TO WORK WITH T-MOBILE, BUT AFTER 4 YEARS IT IS WORN OUT. THE REPLACEMENT I GOT IS NOT AS GOOD AND I HAD TO SEND IT BACK. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE, BUT UNFORTUNATELY NOT ALL TREO650 WORK THE SAME, SO YOU HAVE TO BE LUCKY TO GET A GOOD ONE!

Loved the idea of moving back to a palm device after my sony p900 died. Constant lockups, requiring the removal of the battery to reboot even after doing a firmware update, made me return this to amazon. Will wait for the new sony.

I have been itching for a Treo ever since the 600 came out and I noticed that more streamlined design.  When smartphones were first introduced, I bucked the trend of combining the two thinking that as often as I use my cell phone and my pda, if I bought one that integrated both I would wear it out twice as fast.  And in my humble opinion, it was a valid reason because back then, the original phone/pda's were impossibly large.  Well I have finally become a convert.I spent a great deal of time researching Blackberry's vs. the Treo's vs. Pocket PC's and came VERY close to grabbing a T-Mobile Dash (which I still believe is the all-around smallest model availabe as I write this, or at least it SEEMED to be), but I finally settled with the trusted Palm OS platform (one that I have become VERY familiar with over the years using pda's for quite some time now).  When I set out to get one, I really had my heart set on the Treo 680...but as I read the reviews for them, one thing kept creeping in to almost all the reviews: battery life was terrible.  With that aside, quite a few of the reviewers mentioned that all things considered, they were more happy with their old 650.  I saw this on so MANY reviews that I began to think twice.  Then I noticed that the 700p was a more beefed up version of the 650, and began to consider it as well.  Unfortunately as I write this, it isn't available with Alltell service where I am (it will, but nobody can give me a target date, and dang it, I am too impatient to wait...) so I am right back with the 650.  It took a while before Palm was able to knock enough of the bugs out of the 650 that I felt like buying one would be worth it...and I am discovering more than a few bugs have been associated with both the 680 & 700p, so no matter HOW much time I spend considering upgrading to a newer model, I find compelling reasons to go right back to the Old School 650.Reason #1 to go with it: Since it is no longer available at Palm's Official website, and with the newer models coming out, chances are you can find some pretty sweet deals on the older 650.Reason #2: Virtually ALL of the problems originally associated with the 650 have been eliminated.  You want Push email?  You can get it.  You want web surfing?  No prob.  You want to view AND edit MS Word Documents and Excell?  Easier than ever with the 650 (that was one major plus over most of the Pocket PC's and ALL of the Blackberrys -- sure you can VIEW some of these documents, but you cannot EDIT them, too).Reason #3: No matter HOW convenient the pda, I found it next to impossible to give up a touch-screen's amazing versatility and the ease with which you can use it to edit things and connect on websites.One more important item to factor in when considering buying a 650: With the popularity with ever increasing wireless downloading speeds, I was afraid that the slower Treo would make internet surfing next to impossible because of the archaic speeds with which you are forced to endure.  I was VERY pleastantly surprised that downloading web pages did not take as long as I was at first expecting.  I have to tell you, after experimenting with the supposedly MUCH faster 700p with another online carrier than the one I was using (I won't say which, but they really did their best to tell me the 650 was slower than a dial-up modem from 1985), anyway, the 650 was only SLIGHTLY slower than this screaming fast 700p or the 700w.  I figured that was something I could live with to be honest.  Hey, it's a tiny hand-held device that allows me to send and receive email and surf the web...I'm still amazed that something like this exists at ALL to be honest with you...so downloading speed is still secondary in my opinion.  If speed really IS on your list of absolutes, maybe you ought to move up to something else...but keep in mind, it is only BARELY faster than what I experienced first hand.One more thing: the screen is amazing.  There are only so many ways to say WOW.  If you are considering buying a Palm that runs Windows Mobile, you ought to know that the screen clarity is almost reduced by HALF.  This apparently has something to do with Window's OS, and seriously put my decision to buy one on the back burner.Sure there are things that a smartphone cannot as yet do without some difficulty or impossibility...but that is the same with ALL current models.  Do some SERIOUS research into what you want vs. what you NEED and make an informed decision only AFTER you have had the chance to go into a store and test a specific model PERSONALLY.  Do that and no matter WHAT you decide on, you will most likely be happy.  So far, I know I am VERY satisfied with my choice.  Good luck on yours.***UPDATE***I opted not to get a Bluetooth hands-free device -- at first.  Originally I would see people walking around with these Lt. Uhura type thingy's sticking out of their ears and I couldn't help but wonder how lazy people are that they cannot raise their hand up to their head while walking around simply to talk on the phone.  For the most part I STILL feel this way, but I decided to buy a Bluetooth hands-free headset for while I am driving.  I cannot afford to miss calls, and being in radio, when not at work or home I can be found in my car monitoring the radio virtually 100% of the time and unfortunately this means I sometimes cannot hear the ringer.  The tethered device that came with the phone is certainly loud enough, but simply did not fit my ear (it kept falling out).  I bought a replacement that came with a variable size adapter and yet while it FIT better, the sound was almost impossible to hear (the worst I have ever experienced, actually).  So I took the plunge knowing full-well that the Palm Treo has a somewhat problematic history using these devices...so I made sure that I had an iron-clad return policy in place and jumped in.  It took me no more than a minute to configure my head-set and I went ahead and made a test call which had more than enough volume -- in fact it had plenty to spare.  All in all I am VERY satisfied with the performance. (I bought a Keycera Bluetooth, if that means anything)One additional item that requires mentioning: I currently have call-waiting as a service with my Treo and yet I have missed at least 3 calls (that I know of).  This particular feature does not seem to be supported by the 650...and IF it is, I have yet to discover any useful info regarding the problem, whether online or in the bible-sized instruction manual.  I will keep looking and IF I find a solution I will quickly report it here asap.  Just one more thing to think about.  Otherwise, I am amazingly satisfied with my Treo otherwise.  The ONLY thing I wish (other than user-friendly call-waiting) is faster downloads while online.  That is supposedly possible with the newer models using EVDO and yet the 700p I tested failed to work only slightly faster than my 650.  Maybe it was the network -- but not according to them (no surprise there).  I still think my purchase was WELL worth it.

I owned this phone for two and a half years. Actually I owned four. It was replaced 3 times under warranty. Each one had varying call quality. The 650 is inaudible out of the box unless you work in a library, so you have to buy third party software to remedy (VolumeCare--works really well though). Just bought a Blackberry (wince), but even the new Treos are getting trash reviews, and most are discussing quality issues that were existing three years ago. Palm development seems to be treading water at best. As a 10-year Palm user, I hate to stray. The flexible platform, user interface and available software of the Palm devices blows that of Blackberry away. But, um, I like to be able to talk on my smartphone!

I researched this phone before I purchased it; spoke to users on line read the reviews. Admittedly when I first used it I LOVED IT, through my recommendations my friends bought it (a total of 7 purchases) SINCE then (less than a year).... the problems are too much to bear -1) The touch screen needs to be calibrated before EVERY use.2) The screen freezes.3) It drops calls ALL the time.4) Buttons have started to fail.5) The cable needs caressing to hot syncBottom Line DONT BUY THIS PHONE.After trying to get help online - DONT BUY A PALM product.I am at a loss as to what phone/pda to buy next.I am so sorry this has happened I used to have high regard for the Palm products, I have had 3 over the years and I loved each of them. Except this one, too many problems.

After a year of owning this, I've had it and am scrapping it for a Blackberry.  It's freezes, drops calls and has to be rebooted way too often for no apparent reason - like just switching from one function to another, or just answering a call.I'm very very disappointed.Buyers beware

I have a treo 650 and have had several Palm devices prior to this one. I really don't like Windows phones but I find myself shopping for one to replace my 650.Versamail (the email app) crashes constantly and reboots the phone. The phone freezes at odd moments preventing you from answering a call or sometimes even knowing that you have one. it sychronizes with my outlook calendar which is nice but it replicates my meetings and resets the time when it gets confused about the time zones, meaning I'm often 3 hours off one way or the other. I have had to start typing in the meeting times into the description to avoid missing calls or meetings. I have gotten very agile at pulling the battery to reset the phone when it freezes as it usually does several times a day.In short this would be a great phone without the bugs. With the bugs, for serious use, I find it completly unworkable. I have download the latest software updates and it fixes some things but has caused other random problems. Palm really needs to improve their QA process.

As someone who used the original Palm Pilot and eventually the Handspring Visor with Visor phone, I thought off and on about buying the Treo 650. The very mixed, sometimes extreme, reviews of the 650 and the relatively high price for an unlocked Treo kept me away. With the release of the next generation of Treos drmatically forcing down the price of the 650 I decided to take a chance. After a week of fairly active use I have to say that I am extremely pleased with my new Treo. I bought my new unlocked (Cingular branded) Treo online. The phone clarity is as good as any mobile phone that I have owned. I have not had any dropped calls. The browswer and e-mail client that came loaded on my Treo work well. I live in a country where the fastest mobile data connection is still GPRS/EDGE, so my Tro 650 is just right. I easily synced my Treo with my MacBook with no problems. Over all for $225 + shipping and handling of $20 I have to say that this was a real bargain.

Bottoms up first.  I do not like this product and here is why.  The Treo 650 (unlocked) does not synchronize with my computer.  I have tried many different ways, i.e. followed the steps in the user manual more than twice, soft, and hard reset, uninstall and reinstall the software in the PDA and in my PC, uninstall and reinstall Microsoft Office in the PC.  Last thing I did was to reformat my PC and the product stills not Sync with Contacts.  Went to different discussion forums in Palm One website and other websites looking for a solution to the problem.  I also did all of the steps in the PalmOne website solutions.  The last step it takes me back to the first step in a never ending circle.I try to return the product to the website where I buy it but more than 7 days has passed since I received the product so return authorization was denied. At the request of the website where I bought the Treo, I send a feedback regarding the return policy time period. I stated that it was a bad deal because is not enough time to test the product especially in my situation;  I signed for the package upon arrival, did not have the time to open and set up the product until days later for other reasons above and out of  my control. I am stationed Iraq, as a U.S. Army Civilian Contractor working in support of Operation Iraqi and Endurance Freedom.  It is very important for me to have a reliable form of communication due to missions' requirement in a volatile environment like the one we face here on a daily basis.The website store sent me a reply to my feedback that read: "Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for your recent order with our company.  We received your feedback regarding the return you wanted to make.  We clearly state that we can only accept returns on cell phones for 7 days, however, we may be able to make an exception for you.  We need to have the IMEI number from the box and also the reason for wanting to return the product. We would appreciate it if you can remove your negative rating, as they are very harmful to our business, at: (website was provided)."  I thank them for considering my request and for making the exception.  I sent the information they wanted however, I stated that I will remove the negative rating upon receive an authorization number or code to return the product.  Apparently they do not keep their words and might thought that I will remove the feedback and then wait for them to send me the return authorization.  WRONG!  I still keep my word if they sent me the return authorization.  That is why I do not post their business name here.  I also informed them that Amazon invited me to write a review of the product, and that I will post the problems I have with them.  I nothing is done in their part, soon I will reveal the business store name somewhere else in respect to this forum guidelines.  Be aware where you buy products.

Since I purchased this unlocked phone, I've been having nothing but problems with it. The reception with this phone is awful and it doesn't stay on long at all after its fully charge.  It's a touch screen phone but the screen doesn't work at all.  I have to keep taking the battery in and out in order for the phone to even stay on for 30 minutes.  I've had a TREO 650 before and it wasn't giving me any of these problems like this one.  I've been trying to get in contact with you all about sending me another TREO 650 unlocked phone or refunding my money, but as I thought, no response to my e-mails.  If this doesn't get posted, I will defintely understand why because you all probably want to keep selling defected products online.  Can someone please respond to my concerns regarding this phone and/or purchase?

This was a replacement from Amazon for the original order a month before this. The first unit started giving voice trouble due to fault in the ear-phone jack. Continous use of corded ear-phone confuses the hardware even when the ear-phone cable is removed and then you cannot hear anything or the party at the other end hear you. Once you have this problem, the handset will only work with the corded earphone. Did some research on the web of Treo users and found it as a common problem.Moved to a bluetooth headset with the new instrument. Working well so far. The phone overall is good; but this hardware problem on a new phone is not acceptable and worthy of a brand like Palm.Amazon Service was great; the replacement was smooth; and customer service and user experience was what I tell my friends "Amazing Amazon".

I had the Treo 600 and liked it alot but worked with some people that had the IPAQ, which in some ways i envied. Over all i love palm's OS but the IPAQ had some features that made sense to me and i wasnt able to do with the 600. The 650 changed all that. It is a wonderful phone/pda and i have yet to come up with a complaint. The only minor thing that annoys me is when it freezes up every once and a while, but every smart phone needs to be reset here and there. The Bluetooth is great (with the treo bt headset). I think a small yet very nice feature i like the most on the 650 is the ability to send and end with two seprerate buttons. No more tapping the screen to send or end the calls. (you could get around it on the 600 but it wasnt as slick). The camera is very nice and the screen has a very nice high resolution. I would recomend this phone to anyone!

Although the Treo650 looks incredibly great and glossy and the songs of praise in the magazines keep on coming, this one is a real problem and frustration maker (resets without warning, batteries ware out after a few hours, turns "dead" suddenly so you have to remove and replace the battery to bring it to life again... just to name a few of the problems).Posessing the Treo650 will place you in the primary league of most wanted gadget owners, but will shoot you high in the frustration tree as well...But the worst is that if you use it professionally, you're bound to miss some important calls and appointments... So beware, this shiny beauty can mean trouble...

I am forced by the software I use my Palm for to get a Palm device, as opposed to Blackberry, etc.  I had a Tungsten which was just fine until it died after several years of good use.  I replaced it with a Tungsten E2, which never charged properly, and died completely about 2 weeks after the 90 day warranty expired.  I didn't really need the phone, since I am virtually always by a land line, but the Treo has worked well for my colleagues and is definitely more reliable than the Tungsten.  It holds a charge for a very long time if you use it only as a PDA and don't turn on the phone.  If I could do without the main program I use the Treo for until June, I would wait for the iPhone.  I picked an unlocked phone to get the service I want with the device I want in my rural area.  I picked the older model because it is reliable, with a better battery, and new is usually not better with Palm devices.  Now that I have the phone, I use it for email and web searches on the go.  I may always be near a land line for voice, but internet access is now much easier.  That made it worth the greater expense compared to a PDA alone.

This phone is one of the most versatile pieces of equipment for business.  I like to use the shorthand with stylus instead of keyboard.  However, the screen can become scratched if not careful.  The Palm utility makes it a great portable office.

I received the product in a timely manner. Started using it without a problem. Slipped in my SIM card and bingo! Got all my data from my old Palm from the laptop backup, no problem. Shortly after, I noticed that several keys weren't working. Particularly annoying was the right upper case and Return key, as well as the m and o keys.Sent the product back, was promptly refunded and ordered a new one. We'll see!

I was certain that I would rate my Treo with 5 stars but I've had too many issues.  First was that my phone would freeze when receiving calls via Bluetooth.  Also the power button would sometimes fail to turn on the unit.I got a replacement unit and now it freezes while left on a charger.  I'm going to get another replacement.And it is a bit flaky with occasional freezes etc. but I don't mind that so much.  I sure hope that Palm can produce a Treo someday that is Rock Solid Reliable.

La PalmOne Treo650 es una maquina exelente para uso personal ya que incorpora tanto Telefono, Pda, Reproductor Mp3 Etc.

This phone was supposed to be new but when I received it, the box was heavily damaged, it did not include the software the literature said it was supposed to, or an instruction manual. It was also dinged up and either shut off for no reason, or rebooted for no reason. Also, if you buy it, make sure you print your receipt from your email because I did not receive a receipt in the shipment either.I have just contacted the seller on how to return this and I will update my review to include that information once I receive it.

This was my first smart-phone purchase and i am extremely pleased with it.  This phone has been through a lot with me!  Just yesterday my dog knocked a drink on it and it was just fine.  Then a week later, it fell into a drink  mug of tea and quite working. I was devastated!  My life is on my treo! Yesterday it some how resurrected itself and started working again!!!!! I love this thing.  The only thing that i recommend is that you get one of those silicone skins because it is quite slick and easy to drop.  Other than that i love this phone and would never want to live without it.PS the palm os is soooo much easier than windows mobile!

I use to carry a PDA and Cell.  Had to charge these independantly.  Now I have both and charge only when needed. About every three or four days (depending on use).  Having the VGA camera is great, specially when I don't have my digital cameras on hand and just want a snap to e-mail.  I've bought the Smarlist and Beyond Contacs from DataViz and rate them a 9 (1-10) and the Treo 650 runs them with no problems.  I'm pragmatic and do not use an expansion card but just what I need and 32 MBytes is enough.  I erase what I do not use.  I'm sure in time the 680 will improve it's bugs and in due time I'll upgrade.

I am very pleased with the seller. Initially there was an issue with the phone I received but when I contacted the seller his response was prompt. As a result the issue was rectified by the seller replacing the original phone with another that exceeded my expectations.Paul Seymour

I had this phone for less than a week and returned it. The PDA features worked great, but the phone did not measure up. The most annoying thing was the volume. I could barely hear calls outdoors (even with the volume turned all the way up). Additionally, if the camera is a feature you need, forget it! The resolution on this one is grainy and quite blurry. The colors appear washed out. I will say the phone has the best collection of ringers I have heard. I have heard that newer models are greatly improved, but i can't vouch for that.

I have had one for almost 3 yrs. Subjected to abuse by my three children and it still works great. My only wish gripe is that it is bulky and palm has been slow in releasing new products. I suspect the company will go under as it can't compete with Microsoft.

The treo 650 performed very well as a pda but fail as a phone. It seems to me that the marker wasn't thinking of including a phone until the last minute, and as a result the phone isn't well integrated. if you are listening to a mp3 and it is interrupted by a call, you have to retart the player in order to continue listening to the song.Secondly, if you want to use a mp3 as a ring tone you have to store in on the external memory which is not good taking into consideraton that you might have software on other memory card that you want to use. you will loose that ring tone while you are using that card.Thirdly,you have to purchase additional software in order to have certain features on the phone eg. associating a ring tone to a contact.finally,I think it is a great PDA .

I have owned a Treo 650 on and off and on again since this model came out.  Initially, I was extremely frustrated by the phone's telephone performance and its lack of stability.  Frequent reboots, freezes and dropped calls made it difficult to appreciate the phone.  I ended up getting rid of it and relying on a separate palm and cell phone.  Over time, PalmOne has released firmware updates (the phone's operating system) that have made the phone very stable.  The improvements we so significant that they actually won me back.  This review is for the GSM Treo 650.A word about Carriers: I only use GSM because I travel abroad frequently - this limits me to Cingular and Tmobile.  I have used both, and I have found that Cingular's network coverage is more complete, especially in rural areas, but Tmobile's network sounds better.  It's a tradeoff - with Tmobile, you'll drop the call more often, but with Cingular you'll say "what?" more often.  Their coverage is about equal in big cities and along major highways.  International roaming is less expensive with Tmobile, plus Cingular has a few hurdles in place that prevent you from enabling international roaming on your account if you've been with them for less than 6 months.  Verizon and Sprint use a cellular technology that is US-only, and therefore no good for using your phone abroad.Here are the phone's pros: in your pocket, you have your address book, datebook, notes, e-mail, low-res still and video camera, a very nice sms interface that threads sms exchanges by contact, a web browser, and an mp3 player.  The QWERTY keyboard makes typing much faster than a standard phone.  The interface is unique and you will need a little time to get used to it, but once you do you will be as efficient at quick-dialing and keeping up with daily use as on any other phone.  Also, this phone is a quad-band GSM which means that it will work very well abroad, unlike the more common tri-band GSM phones, which don't perform as well.  (Remember, if you get a Treo Smartphone from Verizon or Sprint, it will not work abroad.)  The screen on the Palm version is brilliant.  The Windows version is not as sharp - a limitation imposed by the operating system.  Also, GSM technology uses "SIM" cards, which means you can simply change out the "SIM" and use your phone on another network or another phone number, either domestically or while abroad.  (You might have a phone locked onto a carrier's network until your contract commitment is complete, but that's something you can sort out on your own).Here are the phone's cons: I said "in your pocket" because if you mount this thing on your belt, the bulge may force you to make alterations on your sport jacket.  Also, in an age of identity theft and information security, you should think long and hard about just how much information is in there.  Believe me, the phone quickly becomes a place to store passwords, account information, customer information, etc.  Consider how you will feel if you leave it in a restaurant, or if it's stolen.Here are lesser cons that can be worked around: The beauty of these palm phones is that they're so popular; other people have had whatever problem you might encounter, and they've written software to address / fix / work around the issue.  For example, I found that the phone's volume is not loud enough.  There is 3rd party volume software to fix that, as well as software that allows you to use the phone as a Bluetooth modem for your computer.  Some software is freeware, some is shareware, and some is for purchase.  The key is that there are so many forums and resources on the Internet that you can search around and find the answers that you need, and the phone allows you to install and uninstall with as much ease as with your home PC.Thoughts about newer Treo phones:  The 650 now costs a little less because the Treo 700w and 700p have come out.  This is a good thing, because I don't see the 700 having any new features that make the upgrade a "must".  Other than a slightly redesigned appearance and interface, and higher resolution camera, the phone's features are basically identical.  Also, as of the Summer 2006, the Treo 700 is only available on CDMA networks.  The Treo folks have staggered the release of GSM and CDMA models to give the all carriers a turn at exclusivity.Looking to the future, there is speculation that the next generation Treo phone will be a GSM, it will be thinner, lighter, and the antenna will be internal - basically, it will more resemble a blackberry on the outside.  These are much sought after features by Treo users.  Maybe I'll upgrade then.In conclusion, only 4 stars for this phone because the product wasn't ready for market when they released it.  It's much better now; if they had initially released the current product, I would have given it 5 stars.  I hope my perspective helps you with your decision.UPDATE - Jan 08, 2007: the Treo750 (windows mobile) has come out in the UK with Vodafone, and here in the USA, the Treo680 (Palm OS) has been announced with Cingular.  In forums on the internet, people have reported that the new 680 addresses many wish-list items for the Treo faithful: slighly thinner (a modest few millimeters), internal antenna, better keyboard, volume-too-low issue "sort of" resolved, better mp3 player (pTunes instead of Real), more memory, improved phone interface, EDGE instead of GPRS to double the data speed.  Unfortunately, the camera has the same resolution (640x480) and the few millimeters thinner have meant a thinner battery.  Treo 680 owners complain of poor battery life (1 day or significantly less for power users).As of Thanksgiving, every vendor pre-selling the Treo 680 was sold out (including Amazon).  This tells me two things: many Treo users are looking to upgrade immediately by choice, not out of necessity.  As a result, the market should be flooded with inexpensive used Treo650s, and no doubt merchants with 650 inventory will probably sell them inexpensively enough for people who have been priced out of the smartphone market to get their hands on one.Palm says the 680 is targeted to the every day person, not the power user.  I suppose that means in a year we should expect another more expensive model that will be what the 680 should have been.  I feel that Palm is releasing new models in a very slow and calculated manner in order to drive consumer spending.My recommendation: if you want a Treo, go with the 650.  With an extended battery a power user (bluetooth, e-mail, etc.) can go 2 days between charges or 3 days with normal usage.  Look for it online.The smartphone market has become very crowded with the slim Motorola Q (windows), the comparably sized and feature-rich Nokia E61 (legendary stability of Symbian OS), friendlier and proven Blackberry models, the Samsung blackjack (windows), and lately the MDA (windows) is getting rave reviews with all the features you wish you could have, including Wi-Fi.The Treo does a lot - it probably has the best SMS interface on the market, but the rest is just ok.  For example, the mp3 player works, but not as good as a dedicated mp3 player like an iRiver or iPod.  The e-mail application works, but the IMAP implementation is poor, and POP3 performance is inconsistent re: leaving or deleting messages from the server.  If you want a good e-mail application on the Treo, you'll have to buy a 3rd party program that will be almost as good as the blackberry.  But you will have to buy this app, and the more 3rd party apps you load, the less stable the device.  What I'm saying is the Treo is a jack of many trades but it's a master of none (except SMS/MMS messaging.)  While I am a Palm faithful, I'm afraid that if you want a *stable* phone, e-mail, address book and schedule, the blackberry is the way to go, but you won't have the bells and whistles (camera, mp3 player, 3rd party apps and touch screen) that come with a Treo.  Yes, that means I now have a crackberry.  It was a Xmas gift from a friend who was tired of hearing me complain about my Treo.  Here is the bottom line: if you're getting this device as a business tool where missed calls or e-mails translate to lost money, get a blackberry.  If you want a really cool phone with all the bells and whistles you can fathom and you like loading 3rd party applications and you like having a fun device to play with, then you will absolutely love the Treo.

This purchase was a replacement for my two year old Nokia. A lot has happened with phones in the mean time and I wanted more than just a cell phone. It seems that Europeans have advanced their phone systems more than the US but I could not find a similar type phone for sale here.I really like the ability to take MS documents with me when on the road and ability to check email. Can't say that the phone quality is any less than the Nokia but I use it more for SMS than calls. The one area I feel inadequate is the camera quality. I have almost stop using my phone for that function since all of my shots seem under exposed compared to the past. The only advantage seems to be the size of the photo and maybe ability to use an after market program to clean up the shots after they are saved. Lastly, the small size buttons and some fonts definitely have me looking for a hands free set since it is almost insane to use in the car.

I was a loyal Palm user in the 90's but stopped carrying my PDA around.  When I got the Treo 600 (and now the 650) I have everything I need at my fingertips - including new apps that I'd never imagined being able to access.  Sure the Palm software has some issues, so you definitely need to learn the reset button.  But I can't give up my 650... except for a 700p!

Pros:  Bluetooth connection is very useful, for use with a Bluetooth-enabled  car set, sharing files with other people, and synching with the PC.  The SD card slot is also very useful --  actually essential, as the internal memory is a tiny 24MB (by comparison, SD card memory is now measured in gigabytes).  Having RealPlayer obviates carrying an IPod as well as the T650 (though you need a small adapter in order to use good earphones).  The email client, Versamail, works pretty well collecting and sending mail from external accounts, including attachments.  The Palm app Documents to Go is also excellent at reproducing MS Word and Adobe Acrobat on the handheld.  And it will print to any Bluetooth printer.  Pretty cool.  Finally, I still find it miraculous that I can take it anywhere on earth and still make & receive calls; the phone switches autmatically to the best available GSM or CDMA network no matter what country I am in.Cons:  The Palm OS is highly unstable, and the machine involuntarily "soft" resets whenever it feels overwhelmed.  Even "hard" resets are a way of life with this thing.  Woe unto him who fails to synch all his data and apps regularly and often.  Cingular, from whom I bought mine, has had to replace the unit twice in less than one year, after the thing just froze.  Also, the internal memory is very, very small; even ebooks or a handful of photos fills it up.  Plus, the unit is a bit bulky and heavy, hardly as cool-looking as my wife's razor-thin Motorola.

I never receive the Treo Also I never recieved an answer form the seller saying what happened . really a bad bad experience. Pls DO NOT BUY from Electronica Direct .SAve your Money

palmOne Treo 650 PDA PhoneMy palmone 650 is the ideal phone for me,  I have all of the information that I need, available when I need it and I can easily update it from either of my laptops.The phone works well and is very durable, as an active person its durability was important to me.  This was not my first palm product so I knew that the product was a tested thought out product.  I love it.Forget all of the fancy products out there, buy something that has value to your daily productivity accomplishments.

I was very excited about the prospect of owning a smartphone. This phone has proved unreliable. It requires frequent resets to work. Often simply moving to vibrate mode is enough to make the features not function properly. The phone is not useful. The processor is very slow. Once you are locked into the contract you are stuck with the phone. Caveat emptor!!!

i purchesed a new phone for $305  but i received a used phone so i called and contact v,a by e-mail so ihad to pay for fed-x overnight delivery  $24.50 to return the phone iam not very happy eventhgh the sender was nice . but it cost me time &money and still i dont have aphone and my account hss not been credited back yet.

My Treo 650 is not the unlocked version, but rather the locked Sprint model. I had a 600 and really like the added featues of the 650: a replaceable battery, bluetooth and a better keyboard. I've added Agendus software and for $40 have an amazing contact/to do list/meeting schedule program I wish was available for my Mac. Syncing is fast and easy and I can sync with my Mac's iCal and Address book. I have a bluetooth car kit - when I'm in my car it automatically answers my phone over a speaker system. The phone is usually in my pocket and no one knows I'm using a bluetooth device. I have had absolutely no lock-ups. There have been times when the phone has crashed and restarted on its own but they have been few and far between. I recently found a $25 security software program that allows me to lock the phone over the internet, leaving just two buttons on the screen - one to dial my home phone number and one to dial 911. I can even remotely destroy the data on the phone. What I'm pointing out is that there are tons of programs written for the Palm PDA platform and they all work with this phone. One of the best purchases I've ever made.

Everything about this phone is great with me. Especially the PDA functions, Camera and Video. I use an SD card to store the pics from the camera and videos from the camcorder. Sure, they aren't high quality, but they work good enough that I don't have to carry a digital camera or camcorder around with me. Messaging, Blue Tooth have always worked great. I especially like the assorted ring/alarm tones.The nice thing about this phone is that it's much more compact than the Tungsten models I've owned the past years, plus the additional features the Tngstens don't have. I've been so impressed that I'm moving up to the 700p next.

Excellent PDA phone. Received in 2 days. Has worked perfectly. I have been using Palms for 7 years. This one puts all my needs in one device. Have added Voice Dil it and VolumeCare.

This is the worst phone I have ever owned. If you buy this phone, you will need to learn how to remove the battery, because I need to do it a few times a day to re-boot the system. The screen will freeze, drop calls, stop working in general, go directly to voicemail, just turn off the phone whenever it wants. The unfortunate thing is that it doesn't tell me when it shuts off, so I'm walking around thinking that it's on. I'm a doctor and this could be a disaster on emergency calls. I'm in the process of buying a phone to use for calls and just using this paperweight as a PDA. What a waste of 500 bucks.

I have a Treo 650 from work. It is my second, the first died due to some software issue that could not be fixed. The new one is acceptably reliable but prone to freezing and lacking response.The Palm O/S simply does not work as it should. The phone allegedly allows the power off feature to be adjusted from 30 sec to 4 mins, they lie. Regardless of what the phone is set to it will shut down after a few seconds of inattention, even fully charged in the middle of downloading a Web page.The browser is abysmal. There is no cache so each time a link is followed the parent is lost. This means that browsing lists of articles takes twice as long as it should as the index has to be reloaded each time.The phone interaction is bizarely illogical, particularly selecting a call from the call log to redial.

I purchased a USED Palm Treo 650, that was supposed to be in very good condition and is supposed to come with the basic accessories. I just got delivery on the phone today and it was totally NOT WHAT  I ordered. It was BUSTED UP with SCRATCHES on the exterior, it came with NO PEN, NO CHARGER, AND NO EAR PHONES, NO SOFTWARE CD and NO DATA CABLE. HOWEVER it did come with someone's contacts still installed, an inbox full of someone else's emails, a BUSTED BATTERY and LOTS of teeth marks like a starved Rhino chewed on its housing. I usually do a fair amount of Shopping on amazon cause I think its a pretty safe, it has good stuff on sale. So I was most SHOCKED when the piece of JUNK arrived posing as a used phone. DISAPPOINTING. Okay not only is the phone look terrible but I inserted a local sim into the thing AND IT DOES NOT WORK. this phone is NO WAY CLOSE TO BEING UNLOCKED. DISAPPOINTED TWICE
