
I bought 2 sidekicks for myself and my husband.  It was great until I got to work Monday morning.  Drum roll please.  I had no reception. AT ALL.  I live and work in NYC and I thought there couldn't possibly be any location besides the underground train stations where you don't get service. Boy was I wrong.  I work in the heart of Manhattan in a 3 story building surrounded by windows. Needless to say, I took the things back.  Then T-Mobile tried to tell me that I could have a refund minus the activation fee ($160.00). I almost lost my mind. Something about company policy & terms and conditions. That's all good but no one provided me with the store policy or terms & condition prior to my purchase. There wasn't even anything included in the box. After one hour of arguing with these idiotic people I got all of my money back.  Never again. I bought the sidekick exclusively to IM and text message since I already have a cell phone with Verizon. With Verizon I don't have problems with reception even sometimes in the train stations. I just wish Verizon or some other provider would come up with something like the Sidekick. Or Danger (company who makes Sidekick) would let other providers use it.  I would buy it if Verizon sold it.

The slowest internet i've ever seen before making it a complete joke.  I don't like the Camera either as it's a poor Camera.No reason to buy this phone.  If your thinking about joining T-Mobile just for this phone, don't.

I was a little bit nervous about buying the sidekick after reading so many bad reviews on the phone, but I decided that the positives would outweigh the negatives.When it comes to calling, the phone has good voice quality.  I did not have a problem getting used to holding the phone to my face, but if that is a problem, a hands free earbud is included with the phone.  Dialing is only a problem while driving. The scrolling keyboard is not easy to use and the regular keyboard is not easy to navigate while driving.  If the number that you want to call is in the recent calls list, then there is not problem finding it and dialing.  It might have been better if the company had added voice activated dialing to the phone for convenience.I haven't had any problems with the web on my phone.  There are times when you can't get a signal for it (I didn't have one the entire time I was on a major highway), but the websites load much faster than other reviews on the website would have you believe.  It works maybe at dial up speed or a little slower, but that depends on the signal. AIM is great on this phone along with the text messaging features.If you want to protect the phone from scratches, you can buy a "Skin" for it which would cover the major areas of the phone like the display.The camera on the phone is nothing compared to my LG6000.  I don't think that the camera is useful at all.  The pictures are grainy and have little contrast.  The flash on the camera does not help to lighten the picture up.  I don't think it is even useful for getting spur of the moment shots.As another reviewer said, if you want to have an alarm on your phone, you have to download time traveler for 5 dollars.Overall, i'm very happy with the phone.

Let me sum it all up right now:  Great concept, Bad executionAs a cell phone, it's lousy.  It's awkward to hold and talk into and T-mobile has a lot of drop/weak signals.  If this was a regular cellphone, it would be too big and heavy.As a digital Camera, it's weak.  The pictures are awful and the the built-in flash dosen't work well.The absolute worst thing about the sidekick is that the Web-browser works maybe only 1/3 of the time.  It seems to be much slower than a 56k.  We are talking about 14k slow. The only website that it can get on consistently is craigslist but that website has no graphics to download.  And as of right now, the Sidekick servers are down and no one with a sidekick can get online.  This is a common occurrence by the way.  There are a lot of PO'ed sidekick owners roaming in the sidekick forums right now.The only saving grace on the sidekick is that the AOL IM works pretty well and the email actually gets recieved and sent.  You can attach your crappy sidekick pictures and send them thru email to your friends.When you watch the Sidekick2 commericals, pay attention to the only application they use, which is the Instant Messenger.  Everything else on the Sidekick2 is junk.  I can't wait to sell off my Sidekick when my contract is up.  If you're an AOL IM junkie, then go for it.  If you want to use the Sidekick for anything else, avoid it!!!

I had wanted a Sidekick II for quite some time before I finally got one.  I got my phone this past April, but had quite some difficulty finding it.  Originally T-mobile announced that the MDA cellphone would replace the Sidekick.  I did not like the MDA at all, and it was a necessity that I had a sidekick II.  So, after calling and going to over 50 stores, I finally found a Sidekick II. I have never had a problem with my sidekick at all.  The phone didn't only help me with my social needs, but helped me stay on top of school, work, and keeping track of appointments. I have always had a problem with organization, and the Sidekick II was exactly what I needed.  now, for the cons.  The only problems I have had is that the screen scratches easier than you would think, so I would reccomend buying a screen protector or a case which I believe come with plastic screen protectors.  Also, there is a limited ammount of ringtones available, and you can't give certain callers a personal ringtone (unless I am missing something). I also was dissapointed that the sidekick II wasnt able to capture videos and play mp3s, but the Sidekick 3 does, which if t-mobile had announced by that time, I would have payed another $150 and bought the sidekick 3.-----a note about the other reviews:I read a review that said something like "Don't pay attention to the teenagers reviews, they only care about the AIM capabilities.." which I found degrading. I am seventeen years old and AIM isn't 1/2 the reason why I purchased this phone, so please dont hate on the younger generation, cause next election, I'll be old enough to have a say in how my country is run, and since we only care about AIM, I guess that america is going to fall fast.Also, all the other phones sound defective and people are more likely to write a review about something that hasn't met their expectations, where the happy people go on without saying a word. the people who have had problems should probably call T-mobile, for they replace defective phones.

My boyfriend has the phone and I knew I just had to get it. I thought it would hard to use with all the buttons, but actually it's pretty easy. I absolutely love it. It's the best phone I have ever owned.

Although the Sidekick II is easy to use, with an ergonomic, compact qwerty keyboard, if you are at all technically savvy you will find this PDA phone much less versatile than many "ordinary" satellite/internet phones.Only a few ringtones can be stored, and they must be purchased from a limited choice offered by t-mobile.  The camera takes good pictures but they cannot be used as a display background.  Java is not available.  You can send .wav and jpeg files to the phone via email but they cannot be saved.  The display decor seems rather Barbie-dollish and juvenile.At first I was excited about the Sidekick II but  after encountering its annoying limitations,  I soon lost my enthusiasm.  If you want to customize your phone at all, this is not the device for you.

Love everything except... my reception is poor. People that I am talking to say they hear an echo when they talk. I am waiting for my third replacement. The tech support are people in India with a heavy accent and a bad attitute. They are not allowed to tell you that they are in India. They will say they are in North America.Ernie O

This 'phone' is awful!  Horrible blurry pictures, that you can't focus. The flash function is pointless, you still can't make out what your picture was of.  Can only send pictures through email addresses.  Can only receive pictures through a website.  Internet is incredibally slow.  98% of the time turns itself off before finding the page.  I can hardly hear out of the ear peice half the time.

I've had my HipTop (OK, "Sidekick II".  Happy, T-Mobile?) for a week, but I wouldn't go back to a plain old cellphone on a dare.  Now, I have a cellphone, plus a *real* web browser, POP access to multiple email accounts (one email account comes with the service), text messaging on a full keyboard (I don't miss hitting each key 2-3 times to get the right letter at *all*), and yesterday I downloaded a terminal app that gives me ssh2 access to my shell account.  I don't generally bother with software that costs money, but that was $9.99 well spent; geek nirvana for less than a ten-spot.  Oh, yeah... this baby has a built-in camera that'll store 36 pictures, but the combination of email and ssh will let me take a thousand pictures without ever swapping a memory card.  Danger.com rocks; the HipTop is the ultimate geek gadget.  Thanx Danger.

I use to be a t-mobile costumer until they started charging me for changes i made to my plan that they didn't change.I called costumer service and they gave me the run around.I had two lines and changed one of the planes to a emergency plan for 100 mins a month.It was suppose to be changed at the end of the pay cycle.Low and be hold i get a bill for over 1,000 dollars. I'm like WTF. I call them and they say they changed my plan an hour after i called them to change it to an emergency plan. I was so mad because it was soppose to be changed at the end of the month taht was the agreement with there costumer service. I've been trying to get them to drop the overage charges but they say it is my fault for chabging my plan. That is not the only problem i had with changing my plan this has happened befor ewith them. Finnaly i got tired of them and went to cingular which costumer service is best.

The phone is nice, I like it and does everything I need it to. It does take some getting used to, but after a while it lives up to the communications monster rep it has. Although web-page formating is awkward, it does a good job. I've had it for about 6 months and it's still working like a charm. The only drawback is the size, it's not big, but it ain't small either. Users need to be able to change the keyboard locale to whatever they want.So if you want a nice PDA, it's great. The camera sucks, but the rest of it is great for what you pay for (...).

I purchased a sidekick II through some website that was giving them away free when amazon was out of stock.  I got my rebate already and am very happy with the phone.  I am mostly writing for people in the Madison area because technically speaking T-Mobile does not offer service in Wisconsin's Capital.  However, recently they have gotten data rights from AT&T for Madison, WI and now the phone works wonderfully.  I get kicked off of AT&T's network and end up on Einstein PCS which doesn't offer data, but has good phone service also.  So if you're interested in getting one you still can, but you need to get a milwaukee or chicago phone number.  Works great all over the city since it is using AT&T's network which is very popular in Madison.

I Use It More Than my $500+ Pda It Updates Over the air so you don't have to dock it. IT has Yahoo and AOL IM programs you can logon to both of them at the same time. there is no dely when using the IM programs none. however no support For Trillian you get yet another email address from T-MOBILE. I GET MOST OF MY EMAIL FORWARD TO IT up to 5 other accounts. on the tmobile webb site you can login to your sidekick and you can edit detete or update anything that you have stored in your sidekick 2. comes with alot of ringtones preinstalled. anyway you can take/send low res photo's to anyone email addresss. the downside is the low res screen and the c-mos camera. now it has java support for the webb browser but needs more system ram. But if you are shopping at target and you over heard someone saying that they got a good deal on whatever at best buy you can surf over to [...] via your sidekick and see for yourself. the sidekick 2 is better then Most other units at 2x the price at this time. Still under rated even with it short comings it's worth a look. [...]the next verison of the sidekick it would be awsome if it was 3g compadable with a 2 magapixal camera or better. more system ram and more video ram and a bigger battery better screen res and lets make use of that usb port maybe make it a port for a memory card reader or thumb drive or a modem for a laptop. something

Unbelievable!!  I got the Sidekick on a Friday, charged it and activated it.  It was all downhill after that.  It has alot of nice features with one BIG problem - the PHONE DOESN'T WORK!!  I first noticed it when I tried to setup the voicemail. The duplexing on the phone make it cut out.  I called T-Mobile.  They have many technical support departments that all have only bits and pieces of information.  Some only have outdated info, and some only seem to pass you along to the next department before you finish speaking.  I felt like a hot potato.  One person would ask me to hold while they checked something and another person would come back on the line.  Over the 10 days I attempted to get this phone working, I made 7 calls to the T-mobile 800 number.  I was told that the phone needed time to become aquanted with the tower, to go to the T-Mobile store and swap my SIM card, and to swap out my Sidekick (all of which I did).  After none of this made any difference, one of the support team had me check the Radio Firmware version on the phone, and told me that it was a known problem and I needed a Firmware update.  One problem, they can't send you one.  You have to wait for the next system update to run through.  I was told 24hrs, didn't happen, called back and was told 24 to 72 hours, didn't happen.  Called back and was told by one support person that I had the latest version, when he passed me on I asked the next tech who said, "No, You have an old version, you need the update."  When will I get that?  "Within 5 business days."  Two days later, no update, called and was told that it was only being sent out the a small group of Sidekicks where it was deemed necessary.  I guess they didn't feel I needed to talk on my phone.  An interesting side note:  The Sidekick specialist that I spoke to after 72hours stated that the Sidekick was created for data use, and the phone was just an added feature.  He told me that the voice quality would never compare to a standard cell phone.  All in all I think I spoke with about 18 different operators. Two were helpful, both in the Sidekick hardware area.  They explained that Danger Inc controls all Sidekick hardware problems and T-Mobile has "NO CONTROL" or communication on problems with the Sidekick2.  They simply generate a service request and hope for the best.  When I called tonight about the charges for my 10 days of T-Mobile hell, I was told that I would be charged a pro-rate for the 10 days.  I had used 50mins of my 1000min/mth plan, mostly testing and trying to get it to work.  (Their techs like to call me on it and see how bad the voice quality is before they pass you to the next tech - that way it hits your mins.)  Anyway, the operator assured me that my 5mins a day of crappy voice quality cell use, and 6 or so hours on my ground line to their tech support would only cost me about $15.  What a deal!!  They informed me that the only credit they were able to give out, is a free month of service after the 6th mth of the contract.If you take nothing wlse away from this review, before you go with T-Mobile, Call their 800 number and check my facts.  Ask to speak with a Sales person, a tech support person, a data support person, and a Sidekick hardware specialist.  Ask them all one question: "How often will the firmware in my Sidekick2 be updated, and how does it take place?"  I guarantee you will hate the answer you get.Good Luckp.s.  When they had me swap out my Sidekick, I called amazon's cell phone sales area "5 Stars" (800-201-7575).  I told them that T-Mobile said my Sidekick2 had a problem, and the Next Day Aired me a new one free of charge.  Very impressive service!!  I will buy cell phones from them in the future without hesitation!!

I just got this phone yesterday after owning the Blackberry 7100t for over a year. It's much more suitable for typing messages! The screen is much bigger and the camera component is awesome! Blackberry is missing out..

I spend a lot of my time driving on country roads.  My constant companion is my personal data assistant, the Sidekick II.For an initial investment of $199, my Sidekick II PDA allows me to get my email, browse on the internet,  and keep track of my contacts.  It even has an integrated camera and cell phone.Although my Sidekick II is always with me, when I drive down country roads it is not likely to connect.  It works best  in larger cities with strong economies.  It does not work well in many small towns.My Sidekick's ability to connect  is  a great indicator of how the economy of the nation is divided.  The large cities and better heeled communities have good wireless access, the poorer counties do not.The Sidekick is the most important business tool I own.  It allows me to receive and  respond to emails all day.  I use it to keep up with breaking news and search for information on the internet.  I can return phone calls.  I can do anything I need to do in an office.  It  completely changed how I do business.Many of my friends have the Blackberry, which is more expensive and does not have as many features as a Sidekick II. They also agree that the wireless connection changed their business.I've never met a Sidekick  owner who gave one up voluntarily.  Personal data assistants are more addictive than crack cocaine.  Once you have one, it changes your world.I know what a high quality wireless  connection has done for my business and what it could do in other industries.  Shop keepers and craftspeople can sell their wares anywhere in the world.  You can contact the best specialist in a medical or business field and get the exact answer you want.  Expertise can always be available.Even if your expert is driving home on a country road.Don McNay is President of McNay Settlement Group in Richmond  where we want people to connect with us. He is a member of the National Society of Newspaper Columnists.  You can email him at don@mcnay.com or read other things he has written at [...]

Okay, so if you're going to carry a phone that's bigger than a candy bar, why not be able to type on it?  All the other phones I've seen out there like the Treo, are great if all you want to type is "yes" or "no", but I could never write a full email with one of those things.  The keys are way too small and way too close to the edge of the device.  With my SideKick, I can write long emails and carry on long IM conversations with no problems.  People can't even tell I'm away from my desk.  The keyboard is by far the best feature, but the applications are great too: Just start typing a name to look them up in the phone.  Hold a number key for a couple of seconds to start speed dialing someone I call all the time.  I get all my email on the device, work and personal (and yes, I can see the attachments that people send me).  In Outlook, I have to open pictures to see them, the Sidekick shows them IN the email.  The web browser has already helped me end about 1000 arguments by surfing to imdb or dictionary.com.  I can browse Amazon when I'm at the store to find out the right price BEFORE I buy something.  This is one of those devices that you wonder how you ever lived without!!!

This is a cool freakin device.  I had the original sidekick color.  This one is way better.  The photos aren't high quality but it's an amusing feature.  My biggest prob is that yahoo's servers are down a lot and IMing is only sporadically available.  I could not ever have a regular cell phone after this toy.  The organizer functions are very easy to use.  Web surfing on the go rocks.  I can always find something to do with the city guides on the net. Bout time someone came up with this.  If you could play MP3s on this it would rock even harder.

My daughter talked me into buying this phone so that we could send instant messages back and forth.  I was a little unsure that I was going to like this thing.  Boy was I wrong.  I have used this phone as a phone, taken pictures of my Son's wedding and emailed them imediatly to his sick grandparents so they could see what was happening as it happened, looked up directions on the internet, kept up with the weather through the alerts section and kept in touch with my office through email.  This thing is amazing. I just came back from a trip with 8 people.  Everyone had cell phones and all services were represented. (Verizon, Cingular, Sprint and Nextel).  My T-Mobile phone was the only one that had coverage the entire trip.  I went from Kansas City to Aspen without a single glitch.  I have no complaints at all, and have no problem recommending this phone and T-Mobile to anyone.  When my wife's contract is up with Verizon, I am switching her over to one of these bad boys and T-Mobile.

I've had my T-Mobile Sidekick II (produced by Danger, Inc for Sharp) since December 2004. I got one because my pal Leo Laporte got one. We seem to trade tech fetish material back and forth, he convinced me to buy a Sidekick just by talking about it, I came on his show to pimp the Playstation Portable (more on that in another article). It's a fun little game we play.Now, let me preface this article by saying that I really really despise PDAs. I used to have a Palm III, IIIe, and IIIc back from 1999-2000. I may have hated them because I had no life to organize, but I came away from the PDA fad revolution thinking they were an utter waste of time. I still do today, and PDAs seem to be getting even more expensive by the day and don't do what a person needs them to.There are many types of cell phones that have tried this formula and failed, and many successful ones which are not as tactile as this phone (the Blackberry, Treo 600 and Treo 650 for instance). There are also insanely expensive phones like the Sony-Ericsson P900 which are basically just a Palm unit in a phone (aka a "smart" phone)... who the hell wants to use a stylus to pick a telephone call up? I'd like to meet `em.The Sidekick is a totally different beast. It's essentially a kinda-chunky cell phone combined with a few communication utilities that people actually use and a 640480 integrated digital camera. There is an AIM client built in, a Yahoo Messenger client that is downloadable free inside the unit, a semi-full-featured POP-compatible e-mail client, a web browser, and my killer app, the $10 downloadable SSH Terminal client. It also has a few things I don't use like a basic scheduler and to-do list.I can't say there's a feature other than the last two I listed that I don't use on this phone. It's a marvel of engineering and a phone that clearly was designed by geeks (the calculator app says `31337&#8242; on the application icon's display), but is also insanely user friendly and every button on the unit does what you'd think it would do in applications on the phone. The sidekick uses some form of java to serve up it's programs and is decently fast. Certainly not breaking any speed records but it does what it needs to do.The AOL Instant Messenger client gets a LOT of use by me, I always have this on when I'm walking around, and the implementation of this on the phone is insanely good. It's almost as tactile to use as AIM on a laptop and typing to others using the qwerty keyboard is so fast most of my friends do not even realize they're talking to me on it while I'm driving 70 miles per hour down the highway going somewhere.The second most used feature is definitely the Sidekick's built in 640480 camera. It is pretty terrible in low light situations (sometimes I have to hold the camera steady for up to 5 seconds to get it to "adjust" to the light so you can even see anything), however I still use it very often and having it nearby has become an almost invaluable resource for documenting strange things I see everywhere. Once the photo is taken the built in mail program on the sidekick can send it to any email address you can think of in seconds. I absolutely love this feature.The mail client on the Sidekick is very impressive. You can have up to 4 email addresses active, in addition to the provided @tmail.com address you get with the phone. The phone fully supports POP email as well and grabs new mail from T-Mobile's server in a sort of "push" fashion every 15 or 30 minutes (I am not sure on the exact interval). Pictures can be viewed and sent in email, and you can tell it to strip attachments of different types to save on phone memory, which comes in very handy since the unit only has 6MB of storage space to store mail in. I am not sure why they skimped in this department, but they made tools to keep it easy to manage the mail coming in, such as an auto-delete after X days feature to keep you below your 6MB memory limit. Contacts pop up based on the email address you filled into their phone book entry in your phone and it supports fuzzy searches of a few letters allowing you to scroll and quickly select the person you were looking for to add to the email list.The web browser on the sidekick leaves a little to be desired. It does not support JavaScript and has a bit of difficulty with frames, and with images turned on some sites don't load at all or load insanely slow. I turned images off on my sidekick to speed up browsing since I usually use it to find phone numbers or addresses anyway. It is fast enough now with the images turned off on the web browser but I hope by the time the Sidekick 3 rolls around there will be faster data networks in place and better software.One of the features that does not come on the Sidekick by default is the Terminal program. Useful only to real geeks and unix/linux nerds, this feature allows you to remotely control any unix based machine via a secure shell. I use this currently to SSH into a linux machine I have sitting at home that has irssi on it (a popular command line irc client) - so I can use IRC from the road. I take credit for discovering this feature myself and turning Leo on to it. Dan 1, Leo 0 :) . This is just a killer app for any nerd who wants to chat anywhere, anytime. Boring movie or dinner? Just whip this out and talk to people who aren't boring to you.Other than those three features, some neat features the Sidekick has are:- Reflective TFT screen: Even in broad sunlight the LCD is easy to read, an essential thing for using this outside. The sun reflects off the LCD making it even brighter than the built in backlight.- Flip up screen with qwerty keyboard / scroller: Both are a godsend. The scroll wheel is very intuitive also.- Picture Phone Book Entries: you can snap a photo of your friend and attach it to their phonebook entry, so every time they call you see their ugly face grinning at you.- Ability to view JPG, GIF, PDF and WAV files: Hallelujah! Picture format support is excellent for a device like this. You can also play WAV files... I've been told you can assign WAV files to ring tones but haven't bothered with it yet.- Games: Many many downloadable games for this including a version of Snake called Snake DX. The standard cell phone fare, not very good graphics but sorta fun.Here's my summary of this unit.Pros:+ Excellent Mail, AIM, and Terminal programs+ Excellent screen for the size+ Insanely well designed user interface! Both hardware and software!+ Flip-out hidden QWERTY keyboard is amazing.+ Only has the stuff you need and nothing else+ Nationwide AIM and IRC! I'm in heaven!Cons:- Battery only lasts about 1.5 days- Slightly bulky (didn't bother me much)- Web browser is slow with images turned on- Camera has poor low light performance- No bluetooth support- High price (around $300) if you don't buy it with a plan, but who cares!My final call: Buy this thing if you possibly can! It is $20/mo on top of your existing T-mobile plan for unlimited data, or $25/mo if you do not want phone service. People constantly stop me when I'm out and ask me about this thing. It is a head-turner, that's for sure. It's so good that I almost regret owning a laptop these days.

The Sidekick II is a great phone and does a LOT of things well.  E-mail, Yahoo and AOL chat, lots of game selection and many other handy features.  However, the web browsing is exceedingly slow most of the time.  Every now and then you will request a page and it will actually come up within 10-20 seconds.  Most of the time however, web sites will take 2-3 minutes to load, if they load at all - regardless of signal strength.  In other words do not rely on the web browsing, especially for time-critical tasks (like looking up flight info at the last minute).  Also the phone just acts flaky sometimes - lock ups, unresponsiveness to button presses, weird states, etc. are all quite common.  I also experience dropped calls and echoes quite often, though this could be due to T-Mobile's service and not necessarily the phone.  In summary, great features but prepare to be frustrated at times.

I use these for my business. I've had 3 sidekicks replaced in just under 8 weeks. The spring went bad on the first, the speaker and camera didn't work on the second, and the screen completely died on the third.We are not rough with these phones, but the design may have some fundamental flaws. I love the potential of these phones, but so far, my experience with them has been very frustrating.Do yourself a favor and pay for the extra insurance coverage if you decide to get one.

They replace these units with refurbished units which tells you they must have a lot of problems, thus a lot of refurbished sidekicks... From the time it was initially purchased last December 04, by March we had received three replacements due to malfunction for which we were not charged; since then we have had it replaced another two times each time being charged 70.00.  So that is five sidekicks in a year.The one I currently have now I have only had since September and the camera just recently stopped working and three times in the past six weeks I got a big red X in the middle of the phone and it said "SYSTEM CRASH".  You lose your call history, address book and text messages.  You have to go to the web browser and in about 15 minutes your address book is restored.The phone is fun but very fragile...  Youre always worried about it when it is open to expose the keypad and youre almost afraid to let other people handle it.They just recently updated it (this weekend) and you are now able to visit sites that use javascript.I'm currently looking for a new phone...  Have not decided if I will upgrade to the Sidekick III when and if that is released.  I should have purchased the Motorola A630 when it was avaiable; seems to have same options/function.

Just got my sidekick yesterday, and I love it. The email, AIM, and the text capabilitys are all top notch. I love this phone, and go every where with it. Definatly a must buy for any one who wants to be able to do it ALL with their phone, including surf the internet at very good speeds. The internet is even faster with pictures turned off, but hey, whats the fun in that.

ok now theres people who get these phones who, come on these forums and complain and put down the phones like no tommorrow, but they leave out some important information, like hmmmm how many times have u dropped ur phone on the floor , or how many times have u left it out in the heat or the cold.  i have had many phones from tmobile and to tell u the truth , the only problems i have had is when i did something to the phone myself to make it malfunction(such as dropping).  I have had sidekick , motorolla , samusungs and they all have worked fine.  so am i missing something????

I've had this phone for 4 months now, and it's a decent phone. It's got some very cool features..when they work. T-Mobiles data service the last few weeks has been very frustrating. I've decided to get rid of it for that, and the fact that it is VERY bulky to carry around. If you don't mind, it's a cool little device, just be aware that the data service isn't all that great.

I've had my Sidekick II now for about 6 months and have been quite happy with it.  As many here have mentioned there are some real pros and cons to the Sidekick.  Overall, however, I've been pretty pleased with it.The Sidekick is a tri-band GSM/GPRS smartphone that has lots to offer.  The phone provides easy text messaging, AOL and Yahoo IM, email, and a good web browser that displays more than just the usual WAP enabled mobile web pages.  The web browser is slow, but it is using a cell connection for uplink so that is really to be expected.  It also offers downloadable applications like a telnet emulator, alarm clock, and calculator, as well as a variety of others, for a fee.  The camera is decent enough for what it is meant for.  It would have been nice to have a good 1.3 megapixel phonecam, but it is not a necessity.  The QWERTY keyboard is backlit and pretty comfortable to use.  The only real complaint is that T-Mobile locks down the device so that all content, like ringtones, must be purchased through T-Mobile.  You cannot play MP3s or create your own wallpapers. The Sidekick lacks Bluetooth, but automatically synchs your phone's content with the T-Mobile servers which allow your pictures, emails, etc. to be accessible from a secure website.All in all the Sidekick is a good fun phone and I have enjoyed mine.  It's not for everyone and it wasn't meant to be.  If you're looking for a more business oriented smartphone, go for a Treo.  If you're looking for something fun and stylish, check out the Sidekick.

I have had my sidekickII for over 7 months now and have used it on a daily basis. Just yesterday, however, it downloaded the 'upgrades' which include JavaScript and now it is slower than ever. If you get the upgrade notice, DO NOT upgrade unless you want your pages to load even slower than they do now. The icon for the phone on the main screen was also changed on the upgrade. It doesn't show the 'open, close' screen anymore. I mainly use my sidekick for chatting with relatives on AIM on the east coast and it is awesome for that. I would highly recommend it for touring bikers (like myself) and others who want to keep up with local road and weather conditions. I have several weather sites on my bookmarks which are awesome for traveling. It also helps you keep in touch while you are on the road. I do wish it could send pics in the AIM or Yahoo chat sessions, but I doubt they will ever add that feature. The quality of the camera photos is not as good as other mobile phone models, but when you email them, the quality is better than the screen quality you see on the Sidekick. I highly recommend you buy a car charger because the battery only lasts a few days and if you get below three bars, the web browser doesn't work at all. I love the qwerty keypad, although after chatting for awhile my thumbs get sore. The on/off, volume and picture 'keys' on the corners of the unit are not user friendly at all and are hard to push in. I use the scroll feature for these functions instead. I rarely use it for calls (I have another cell phone that is a cheaper deal for that) because they are more expensive than other plans (especially  if you get the pay as you go model because you have to pay for incoming voice mail and txt msg's too). I do love it for checking my home email when I am away.  It will hold up to three external email addresses and has a great address book and note feature. Again, it is GREAT for AIM and Yahoo msg chats and for wireless web browsing, but the new javascript upgrade slows it down tremendously. It made my yahoo web mail almost too much trouble to access. It's great for teenagers who love to chat with friends, but I am pushing 50 and don't find it ergonomically correct if you have any arthritis. I am waiting for a Bluetooth (high speed) model to come on the market that also has AIM and Yahoo MSG and I will likely replace my sidekick...or give it to a well deserving teenager.

This is the BEST phone I've EVER had and I've had quite a few. T-Mobile's service is awesome, too.I LOVE THIS PHONE

I have previously had the Nokia 6800 and the 6820...  i am 'into' cell phones, so i was a bit skeptical, considering the larger than usual size of the sidekick 2.  I ABSOLUTELY ADORE IT.  I have used all functions of this item and am truly delighted.  The web browser is great - yes, still slower than dial up - but come on --- it has real web browsing.  You can check your freakin' Myspace on it!  The IM is great, and email sends off without a hitch.  For MINIMAL cost you can download alarm clocks, a financial assistant, etc.  ANYTHING to absolutely customize this to make things so much easier for yourself.  The downloads are easily accessed thru the phone itself.  After spending a get to know you period with this item, you will be zipping thru it in a second.  I don't want to hear crap about Treos and Blackberries... the sidekick 2 is NOT marketed as a business tool ---- it just provides VERY thorough social and practical life tools to make things more fun and keep you in touch!

This is an incredible piece of machinery. The world is literally at your fingertips as all the information on the internet is sitting there waiting for you to access it. The SK 2 is so intuitive that you will only need to read the brochure to set up your email account. The device is well-made. I have had mine for 3 weeks and there is no paint chipping or keypad damage. The keypad is sealed so no dirt can get into it, which is a huge plus. As for the issue with some keys or key functions not lighting up, this is because the keypad cutouts are too opaque on those keys, not because the backlight doesn't work. It is definitely a design flaw, but it is not a big deal to me.Reception is very good here in the Houston area, and the internet browser works very well. The speed is the same or slightly faster than a typical dial up. I get virtually every website I generally  access in a scaled down version that is a pleasure to view. Java sites are not accessible, and this is definitely a flaw that I hope will be addressed, especially since the SK2 is itself built on a Java platform (most sites like ebay, amazon, google, etc. are NOT Java anyway) . Gmail is a Java site, but I just have the mail forwarded to my Pop3 account so it is automatically pushed to the device. Email is amazingly fast and reliable. I have had no problem getting all the emails sent to me. Attachments in  email are embedded in the email itself and any hyperlinks are listed and hot at the end of the email. You can add up to 3 pop 3 accounts. SMS is also an option and works great as well.I use Intellisync, available on the desktop of T-Mobile's website, to sync my Outlook addresses and calendar. For a one time 9.99 fee, it is a must have. It's all done wirelessly through an interface on your computer so there's no need for a USB cable and it's really easy to set up.Next is the camera. It could be better. It has a flash, but inside pictures in average lighting come out grainy and dark. It's okay and useable, but if the camera had been a higher resolution, this would have been a 5 star device.Finally is T-mobile service. I have called customer service on several occasions and have been a T-mobile customer for several years. I always get through and most times have very little wait. The regular techs do not have much knowledge about the SK2 so ask to be transferred to the division that handles them specifically if you have a technical problem.The SK2 has proven to be so useful to me. As a true gadget freak, when I say it is my most treasured device, that means A  LOT!!!Update: I have now had this over 2 months, and I still think it is THE best device around. I have had no problems with T-Mobile or the service, but check out the February '05 issue of Mobile PC for coverage maps of all the major cell phone carriers and see if it's right for you. The web service is incredible. You can accessalmost any site, and though it can be slow at times, speed is generally very reasonable. The device itself is holding up very well and has no paint or keypad rub off, and I use it ALL THE TIME!!!

I tried out the Sidekick (aka Hiptop) for about a week and sent it back.  This device tries to straddle the thin line between being a computer and being a phone, and it has problems with both.As a phone, it's bulky and hard to handle.  You have to swivel the screen just to dial a phone number using the tiny little keypad, which was a challenge for my big fingers.  To be fair, if you have already stored a phone number in your contacts, you can use the scroll wheel to dial that number, but dialing a number the first time is a chore.  The sound quality is pretty good, and it has a speakerphone option that is also pretty good, which is how I typically used it since it's too wide to grasp for a long time.  And it was weird having the display pressed against my face while I was talking.As a computer, I was very disappointed with this device.  I was expecting something like a Pocket PC for Phone.  This isn't even close.  It looks like you can connect to a computer with the USB port to install applications and ringtones to this device straight from your "real" computer.  That's not the case - you have to purchase any ringtone or application you want from the paltry selection.  The Danger OS (the operating system driving this device) is actually quite nice and easy to navigate and stable.  The problem is that Danger puts every roadblock they can in your way from trying to add anything to your phone without paying them.  They even want you to make you purchase contact synchronization software, even though other vendor offer this software for free.  Web browsing on this device is painful: it uses a "real" web browser to view pages but transmogrifies them so they will display somewhat correctly on the display, but it can't handle a WAP website.  Also, there is no way to augment the memory with SD or anything, and that's too lame for a computer-ish device.Here is a technical example (you might want to skip this section; it's pretty geeky). I wanted an applet that would track my consulting hours on this device.  The "Download Fun" doesn't contain such an application, but a web search uncovered that there does exist such an application, so I wanted to try it out.  I had to download the SDKs (software used by software developers to create applications) to my computer, run a program to install it via USB cable, but then found that I couldn't install it because my phone lacked a "developer key".  In order to get a developer key, you have to actually write a Java program that will run on the Sidekick, send that program to Danger, and at their whim, they may perhaps send you a developer key that allows you to install other software or ringtones.  I'm not used to such a closed, proprietary development model; this is the antithesis of open source and even Microsoft isn't this onerous.  I'm a programmer (as you can probably tell) and I find this attitude very offensive.  The online developer forums for Danger OS are like a ghost town, and I expect the Danger OS to die a quiet death in the near future.  I'm off my soapbox now.Thankfully, the kind folks at T-Mobile allowed me to send this device back for a refund and credit towards a different phone.  So kudos to T-Mobile.So in short, this device is an expensive toy disguised as a tool.  It will impress your friends because it looks so kewl, and it is fun to play with, but it's not all that it's cracked up to be.  If you are really into IM, this phone may be for you, though, because it does a good job at that.

I bought the sidekick II because of the internet access, decent keyboard, camera, and the Java SDK.  The hardware and software interfaces are well designed.  It is very easy to pick it up and start using the applications.  I easily emailed some photos after my data connection became active.  The camera is slightly challenged in the dark even after enabling the night mode.  If the BOM (bill of materials) costs are not too great they should put a better flash in the next model regardless of the power consumption.  I downloaded the SSH client, alarm clock (world clock), and calculator.  It was a kick logging in to one of my servers, though you should probably use one time passwords. My friend seriously envied my new geek toy.  My biggest gripe may be resolved in the near future.  For some reason the web browser doesn't work very well.  The web browser times out during the day on both the Cingular network in Palm Desert and on the T mob network in Portland, Or.  It works slowly after about 9pm.  I was able to email with 40k photo attachments that arrived at the email destination relatively quickly .  The slowdown might be after the PCU->SGSN->GGSN part of the network.  Is there a problem w/ the RADIUS servers. Does Danger run services for the carriers instead providing them w/ a platform?My second gripe is that Danger doesn't give me any info about theavailability of the java SDK.  The danger website says that developer sign up is down and their customer support that I am directed to on the phone doesn't have any time estimate or other info.  Otherwise the design and software are great.  I hope that it is possible for me to eventually obtain the necessary SDK and any available documentation so that I can write some innovative applications that are well tested.  Hopefully this may happen w/oDanger or Tmob feeling that it will increase  customer support costs or intrude on their business model.  Great phone :)  The hardware and software are well designed and manufactured.  Buy PDA screen protectors and cut them to fit the sidekick or buythe ones that fit when they are available.NOTE:  Web requests seem to be working much better 03/23/05and Danger shows an expected 03/28/05 developer web siteavailability :)

I've been a huge devotee of the Sidekick since Tmobile first came out with the first one in early 2003...so i've been a subscriber for the past 3 years. I have probably spent 2-3 hrs each day with the Sidekick II for the past 1.5 yrs and rarely have i encountered problems with it. The newly updated software that allows Java-script runs into some problems...because of its low 32mb RAM and 16 Rom memory. Other than that i've convinced my entire family to own this thing- and can't wait until the Sidekick III debuts.

E-mail *****Instant Messenger *****Phone **Web *Contacts *Camera *Ease of use *****Hardware durability *OK it's not perfect but I'm not aware of any other combo PDA/phone/email/web/camera device that is even close to perfect.If e-mail, instant messenger and a full QWERTY keyboard is important to you, buy it! It's easy to use, and does it better than the Palm, Blackberry, PocketPC.As a phone it's awkward to use. I carry a separate phone.The web is extremely slow. It's good only for emergencies. But you can use the IM and IM robots (like aolyellowpages) to look up fast yellow pages, weather and news.The Contacts database and everything else on your SK is backed up automatically on a T-Mobile website. So even if you lose it, burn it, throw it from a cliff, as soon as you buy a new device and enter your password your data will be downloaded it and everything will be the way it was before. Paris Hilton got "hacked" because people tried her pet's name as a password reminder and it worked. I like the backup feature a lot but I don't use the contacts database because it will only import from Windows and Outlook.If you need e-mail everywhere, buy it, it's a joy to use.

pros:-having a PC & phone in 1 digital device.cons:-breaks easy-can not remove the battery(internal) to 'cold boot' the phonewhich basiclly means if the software ever hangs, good luck.-service is less then average due to a not so good internal antenna.-so many repair calls to T-Mobile, they have created a new dparetment - the,'Sidekick Customer Service' to handle the workload and still the phone wait is on average 1 hour, give or take 10 minutes.-T mobile store locations(brick & mortar) can not help when the phone breaks. They give you a chair to sit on while waiting on the phone to talk to the new Sidekick Customer Service department.btw: I am on my 3rd refurbished in less then 4 months :-(BIG headache

I finally decided to buy the sidekick 2 , and i am in total awe.I've had it for 3 days and cannot put it down.i've set up my accounts, bought ringtones, the games are great.its soo easy to use.i knew what i was prepared for,after goin in to tmobile for a consultation and reading all feedback on here.Reception:Im in NYC and for me, reception is excellent.i had deadspots in my house with my old samsung(at&t;/cingular service)where i had NO RECEPTION AT ALL, with the sidekick..NO PROBLEM.Camera:NOT the best quality even in good lightmy old samsung had better clarity, these pics come out a lil fuzzy and you can only hold 30 picsRingtones and Games:are excellent and very easy to downloadabout  2 bucks a piece for song and games range from 2.99 to 5.99and its billed to your account, so you just click "purchase and its on your phone in less than a minute, no goin to special settings and downloading it.when you hit install, sidekick turns off and when it powers back up, games and ringtones are thereIts heavy compared to other phones and wide. i can deal with itweb browsin is excellentive bookmarked several message boards and can view them greatebay.com..greative downloaded yahoo messenger, aol mail and instant message and its like having your own little laptop. i can connect all day with my buddy list and friendsi didnt give it five stars because of the camera, but otherwise this is a great investment at a great price.and after 24 hours my old number was switched no problems

The folks at Danger applied lessons learned from their original designs and applied it in improving the SK II greatly over the SK I.  Major pluses are much better radio sensitivity resulting in a phone and data experience that is best of class.  20% slimmer.  Now possible to carry in pocket.  Integrated camera with one click picture sending via email.  Speaker phone.  Controls are all on the outside of the device.  No longer need to flip the screen for any functions other than typing on the wonderful, roomy, qwerty keyboard.  IM experience second to none.  Now support Yahoo as well as AOL.  Calendar and Contact synchronization available for a one time charge of $9.95.  Perhaps the best thing about the SK II is the effortless, intuitive interface to the various applications on the device.  You don't need to have a Computer Science degree to unlock the power of this device.  The interface is elegantly simple like Google, Tivo and the Ipod.  Rock on.

Let me enlighten you with a diminutive anecdote prior to getting on track. One day a young man was extraordinarily jaded, so he decided to pop in to his neighboring phone shop and get something to keep him entertained and in the crook of the utmost shelf, he saw the T-Mobile Sidekick II Phone. Bearing in mind that he had heard good things about it from other places, he decided to procure it and give it a try, although he was a little irresolute if he was spending his riches wisely. When he got home he put the phone in his sock and didn't see daylight until the phone had been run over by an elephant in new jersey, because he decided to return it late because he wanted to make up an alibi that would let him return it. Guess who that little boy was, no not Jesus, it was little ali manhadajajoajn. I thought this phone was so good that when I had the funds I bought myself one, because I knew that subsequent to seeing it with a stranger who followed me on the streets for 20 blocks, after school, I would never regret spending my money on this functional piece of crap. That was about a month ago and I still love this garbage to this very day. Onto minutiae..... T-Mobile does it yet again and releases yet another saga to the T-Mobile Sidekick succession, and just in time too because I had to make a birthday call to my son a month ago and I lost my cell phone, which was the only phone I had at the time, so I'm happy that now I can call him. It's also T-Mobile's 259th anniversary. Before I embark let me say that this is my foremost review for this piece of handy litter that isn't desirable at all but I worship it. And also that I am flaxen when it comes to rating practical debris that no one really desires, it just fills a void in the heart.... who would have thought this piece of rubbish could fill it. You will however never see me give a phone a 10/10, because no phone is just what the doctor ordered, they all have there flaws.

I do not understand what everyones deal is about rating this product a 1 or saying it is bad, everyone knows that service is going to be different around the country... and if you dont know how T-mobile service works in your area than it is your own fault for not doing the research.  Second of all people are complaining about the internet connection being slow... well who the hell offers high speed internet on a cellular phone?!?! nobody so dont complain because they are offering it, complain for your own stupidity of thinking its going to be a high speed connection, next i used to have a cellular phone provided by US cellular, which i paid 30 dollars to have just unlimited text messaging, not including IM's or the internet/email/picture messaging, so dont complain about paying the extra 20 dollars when you are receiving unlimited everything... kind of makes me question what people are going to complain about next... the company tries their best to fill everyones needs and what options they want on a phone, and then people are complaining because its oddly shapped or is awkward as a cellular phone.. if its so awkward then buy a regular phone with a small 1 inch screen if you want, dont complain about it to everyone on the website.  CAMERA: the camera is fine, its a cell phone, and obviously you arent goin to get some 4 Mega pixel camera... if you want great pictures... go out and pay the money for a nice camera... the phone is sapposed to be fun and easy, with a lot of cool options.  So if any of you want to complain about all this phone does... go buy yourself all the electronic devices seperatly and then look at the price you paid and while you are at it go buy a big ol bag,cause your sure gonna need one to carry around all the devices that this sidekick takes the place of.

this phone is phenomenal.  i just bought my phone a day ago and i'm loving it.  i'm  used to nokias (which is very easy and still my fave brand) but this phone was very easy to understand and use. VERY USER FRIENDLY.  it takes longer to charge, but its still great.

I really enjoy this device--being able to check email and blogs and send IMs while out and about is really nice. However, it's kinda huge compared to a regular cellphone, and I found that to be a bit of a drag. My service agreement seemed kind of pricey,  and the coverage was poor (I couldn't get a signal in my own kitchen, and I live in the middle of a big city, not out in the country) and in the end, I've shelved this phone for a smaller one with a cheaper monthly fee.

Okay, so it's not high-speed internet, but WOW! I have had a Sidekick II for several months and amazed at the capabilities of this little unit.  It easily gets my e mail from the POP3 server of my ISP (does not get web-based mail), the browser is pretty darn good for something that fits into your purse and the speed is much improved since I first got it.  I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.  The phone, eh, not the best, but with the speakerphone or hands-free, it's fine.I will never be without my Sidekick again!

First off, the internet speed is extremely slow.  It's too a point where it's nearly useless.  I go to a webpage, and then I walk away, and start cooking some food. I come back, and the page is hardly loading.  Slower than 28K speed, it's just awful.  Now the keyboard may be useful, but why do you even need it?  I do have a Laptop, and a personal computer.  Do I really need to have a keyboard everywhere I go?  And what's the use when the webpage's take 5 mins to load per page?And did you know T-Mobile has to do maintenance on their server, which therefore cuts off the entire network during the time period..Also, using yahoo messenger isn't a option.  Not only does it not work (go ahead, check the T-mobile forums and you'll see), but when you try to call in for techincal support they told me that it "WAS NOT SUPPORTED".  If you want to use this for it's instant messaging features, big mistake....do NOT depend on T-Mobile. Your better off leaving your PC on with a away message, because at least you will recieve the messages.The camera too is bad, nearly any camera phone out there is better as this is by far the worst camera phone out there. (T-Mobile or what not).  Blurry, and you can ONLY RECIEVE PHOTOS THROUGH A WEBSITE.  And ask just about anyone who owns this, the camera is garbage.  Did I mention the phone is very sensitive, and if you check other reviews, a single drop and the phone can break.  Also I read it cost 5 cents to send a higher resoultion picture...  Owning the phone, I completely believe that.I'm planning to cut away from T-mobile and never come back.  I'll be going over to Cingular or Nextel, or maybe Sprint.  The thing is, when I tried to cancel they kept bugging me saying they'll give me free whatever for a month.  So sure, I gave it a try, and end up getting charged, and they won't refund me the money.  I'm leaving T-Mobile, my contract is over in 2 days now, and I'm cancelling.  Good-bye, I just wanted to tell every-one how much of a mistake they are making to buy this.

First let's get the one negative out of the way.  T-Mobile has a more limited calling area than other providers, and the sound quality is, depending on the area a bit less consistent as well.... but still acceptable most of the time.Realize they are growing and as they do this will improve.  Now on to the positives.This thing rocks!  It has comparable to dial up internet.  It handles more web pages than my psp by far.  You can IM up to ten people at a time while running all of your other apps.  So select a web page and while it is loading IM your buddies and talk to a friend on the speaker phone all at the same time!The address book AUTOMATICALLY syncs up between the sidekick and the T-Mobile web site!  Enter an address in the phone and in 1 minute it is stored online as well... or vice versa!  Also, you can install a program that syncs all of that info with your Microsoft Outlook as well!The downloadable apps are kind of neat too.  I installed the calculater and world alarm features as well as the event reminder.  All work very well.It isn't the smallest device in the world but I have no problem with that.I was paying $15/month to Sprint for internet that simply stinks on a regular handset so for my purposes this is a much better deal.  Also realize this is not a blackberry.  You have no abilities to read Microsoft word, excel, adobe, etc.  But I didn't ever use that anyway.I've read of people who have issue with the tech support, outtage, etc, but thus far I've had a great experience.  I've referred 3 people already and every time I get a $25 credit on my bill...  the thing is I only recommend stuff I REALLY like myself.  The $$$ is just a neat bonus!  :0)

I used the original Sidekick and then upgraded to the new Sidekick II.  This newer version is everything the old Sidekick wasnt.  It really is a great phone despite what others with less "hands-on" may say.  Ive now had my SKII for 3 weeks now.  No paint chipping off, nothing breaking off and no hardware malfunction of any kind.  The people with bad experiences will just say, "yeah, you just wait".  Well, a buddy of mine also has had one for about 3 weeks now and he has also had NO problems.  The phones signal strength is GREATLY improved over the original SK.  In places at work where I had no signal, I now have one or two bars.  Also, the SKII's Operating System is much better designed.  On the original, there was often a delay as you scrolled the wheel on the Jump screen, or once in an applicaton.  You will rarely see this on the SKII.  Its fast and smooth.  The gripe you may have read about concerning all the key's not lighting up, is really a small one to me.  There are a couple keys that dont light up.  The letter keys and number keys do.  You may have to squint a little to see symbols and the alt button in the dark because they are not lit.  Big deal.  The phone is really good overall.  The addition of the speaker phone has been great.  Being able to sit it on my desk and talk while typing is very handy.  The AIM client works smoothly, although the Yahoo Messenger client still needs work.  It drops connection randomly.  Im sure this will be addressed in a future update.  Its not a Blackberry device, so dont expect it to have all the hard-core office apps available for it.  But for someone on the go, who needs access to a phone, Email, IM client and PDA... the SKII really is hard to beat.  Tech TV's screen savers did a shoot-out with all 6 of the top Phone/PDA devices.  The winner was a tie between the SKII and the Treo 600.  Dont be deterred by negative reviews.  As a person who actually has and uses the SKII, I wouldnt give it up for anything!

I have to say I truly love my sidekick 2, it was a MUST HAVE! Yes I can agree with the fact that this phone is not for everybody, but it is sooo perfect for me. If you are one of those people that like to do everything from your phone, then I would consider the sidekick. Yes the phone is bulky, this could be a problem to some who don't like bigger phones, so check one out in person before you buy.I must also say that the internet is not that fast on this phone, but again as I have told many people it's not a PC. And the camera isn't the best, but that's not why I bought the phone, it's just a cute add on...I've gotten many compliments on the phone and people love to play with it. I've had it for over 2 months and it's been a big hit.

I've been living with my Sidekick II for about a month now and it has really changed how I live my life.I was never really into cell phones.  I hated being "always available" and hated even more carrying around something that was only good for one thing.  I avoided getting a PDA because the ones I tried were too complex to figure out how to use, and no fun to use, so I knew it would become another useless weight to carry.What interested me about the SKII was the full keyboard.  Plus, I figured that if they were marketing to youth that it would be fun to use, they would have built it to be fun to use.I went to the T-Mobile store near me and asked to play with their working demo model.  I found the interface to be very intuitive and I felt comfortable right away adding appointments and making notes. With the fantastic rebates available on Amazon, I went ahead and ordered one.I had a little problem getting my number ported, not in the actual porting, just in getting to the right department to do the porting.  I would have thought that selecting the option that went with "if you have a new T-Mobile phone and need to move your old number to it" would work, but apparantly not. I probably spoke with 6 different *very nice* people before finally getting the number ported.  Very weird.I keep the phone with me all the time. I don't use the web browsing too much, mostly because it is a bit slow. I mostly use it to look up freeway speeds right before I need to commit to getting on the freeway. I love the notes feature best, I also love that it "pushes" your e-mail to you.  In general, everything about the phone is very easy to use.  The phone has a navigational pad that has LED lights behind it that can be programmed to give you silent alerts about what sort of message you are recieving (aim, text, e-mail, or just that your webpage finished loading).A lot of people don't like using the phone as an actual phone because of the form factor.  Personally, I like having a larger phone that really fits in my hand.  The only reason I use an earpiece attachment is because I don't like getting all the oil from my face and hair on the screen. There are a zillion ways to dial the phone. You can select from a list of recently called numbers, or you can select from your address book, or you can dial by scrolling through a set of numbers that pop up on the screen. That's just the dialing you can do without opening the phone to reveal the keyboard. If you do that, you can dial using either the regular set of numbers of a set of letter keys that are designated as numbers for dialing. The sound quality on the phone is actually really good, and the speakerphone is fantastic.I've had no real coverage issues. I had a data coverage problem when I traveled out of state, but turning off and on the phone seemed to fix it.The only bad thing about the phone is that the platform is locked-down, which means I haven't been able to get ringtones other than the limited ones that T-Mobile sells (although the phone comes with a good range of ringtones and alerts).I also bought a "cellskin" for my phone, so now it is trimmed in a slightly-sparkly pink.Some tips:If you live in So-cal, you need to keep data roaming turned *on* other wise you will not have data service.Another tip is that you can use a picture that you have taken on the camera as a caller ID photo and then delete the photo from your gallery and it will still be used as a caller ID photo.When I first got the phone it did not "wake up" to remind me about events and appointments. This was very annoying!  But it recently started to do so.  I'm puzzled, but happy.There are lots of keyboard shortcuts, hidden features and other tips. If you buy a Sidekick II, you should do a quick skim of the boards at the website for the makers of sidekick, hiptop.This is a great product which is fun to use.  It does not support corporate e-mail, but everything else about it is great for both "youth" and us adult-types.Updated 8/8/05I still love my Sidekick II.  The screen proved to be a bit more scratch-attracting than I would have liked, but it still works great.  Data (and e-mail) blackouts of up to a day happen about once a month.  Blackouts of longer than a day only happen once every few months.  Please note that T-Mobile recently changed the specifics of the insurance offered for this device, and the program is now more expensive and doesn't provide the same amount of coverage.New things I've learned about my Sidekick II : it plays music files that are emailed to you, and the personalized web interface (with your calendar, and e-mails and pictures) is really excellent and user-friendly.I almost always have my sidekick II with me.  I make my grocery list, google for the nearest thrift store or the answer to a nagging trivia question, and text message up a storm.

Pros- easy text messaging, my friends always complain that I type paragraphs and before they can respond i have a whole nother paragraph sent . . . i lovvvvvvvvvvvvvve textingpro- aim!  I love ot constantly be connected to the internet and talk to my friends all day on aimpro-the money management tool, i love this its so easy its like being able to balance your check book on yoru cell phone!internet- pretty fast at most timespro- i love that they update it and change it, its pretty funpro- i love being able to change skins alotCons-craaaaaaaaaaaapy service area!  when I was living in atlanta, it was pretty good service, but now that I live in chattanooga, tn its pretty crappy most of the time,con- the line connections always seem very scattered, and static filled . . . maybe its just my boyfriend's phonecon- sometimes it locks up, but it doens't really bother meoverall, i love my phone and i wouldn't give it up for anyting (well maybe the next sidekick, or the verizon phone tha tjust came out becuz verizon tends to have much better service

I give it five stars - despite some technical problems:You can send and receive vcfs in e-mail attachments - but you can't always file them when you receive them. They are rendered well enough such that you can move the material manually.  This varies - as long as they have a filename that ends in .vcf and a mime type of text/x-vcard or text/directory, and otherwise are formatted correctly, they will get taken. But, some applications, for example, evolution, that great Linux e-mail application, does not give something that was never a file a meaningless filename, so the sidekick will not file evolution's vcards (unless you export them to a file and resend them with the right mime type).Rather than picking the name of the vcard for import out of the vcard's formatting, the sidekick uses the filename. This might mean that it would be simply to pass garbage through the vcf interface, so be careful.You can get URLs in SMS messages and they show up as URLs, but you can't click on them. You can't click on URLs out of the AIM browser - you can copy the text and mail it to yourself, then click on the URLs out of the mail, where it pulls them out and makes them clickable at the end.The documentation says that the phone has a WAP browser. You might say, "With a regular browser, why would I care about a WAP browser?" - The answer is bandwidth - you want to look up a phone number, WAP will be faster.  And there are some cool wap games. But the real answer, according to the T-Mobile Tech supervisor is that the WAP browser is vaporware - it does not work.  Maybe someday.  There are sites you can't browse without javascript that have working wap analogues (like microsoft's sms generation site).  So you can't browse them at all from the phone.That is about it.  Most of the rest is great. I moved my Nextel data over by exporting the data from the Nextel site, and, in openoffice, I rearranged the column names to match what would have been exported from Outlook Express, and then imported.  Oh, yes, I also built names with a formula. Saved it as a comma file, just like Outlook had, and, poof, in about a minute, a couple hundred phone numbers, addresses, and names migrated and merged and appeared on my phone.  I could have mailed vcfs for the 70-80 contacts that I was using, but that didn't work.I've resisted all the games (I want MINESWEEPER - yes, I know it is lame).  I might have to drop $4 for solitare.I did drop $10 for the terminal program, and it has already become helpful - the terminal program is wonderful for something on such a tiny device. I can check out servers by connecting to them in raw mode, by port. I can ssh, securely, to my server. There are lots of disconnects, mostly related to when you stop typing to think for a couple of minutes, but a program available in Linux called "screen" allows you to save programs running in the background and reconnect to them, see their output, get status, and all that stuff. I can even get on IRC using a character mode IRC client.Someone called me to fix something on a weekend - it was something I could have fixed in 5 minutes on a real terminal, it took eight on the tiny terminal. In many ways, emacs seems to work better than vi does in character mode, but they both work.One secret is that you can log in to your windows box using ssh in character mode using free products from cygwin or SFU (from Microsoft if you have pro). Command line only, sorry.To echo the comments about the AIM client, which is utterly reliable vs. the yahoo client, which drops and reconnects all the time, is probably worthwhile.The documentation suggests that you surf with graphics off for speed. But many buttons are graphical and, unlike every other character or graphics off browser that simply displays the alt text, or, if there is none, "[IMAGE]", the button completely goes away, which means that you can't access what the button points to. This essentially means that you have to leave graphics on to surf.Occasionally, web sites are mis-represented - on eBay, for example, there is an extra entry bubble generated between the search text bubble and the putton you push - if you enter text there (which seems the right place) searches don't work.Despite all these niggling problems, and t-mobile's hapless tech support, I am still giving this device five stars. The astounding thing about a poker playing dog is not that it wags its tail when it has a good hand, but that it can tell that it has a good hand at all.The difference between getting text directions and being able to pull up a map of the area you are in as you drive down the road is wonderful - and then javascript stops you from being able to pull up a turn by turn map as you need it.I did not expect to have something in my hand that would allow me to log in to my system using ssh, browse at all, much less pull up mapquest maps.

The Sidekick II appears to accomplish the tasks of a PC, a cell phone, and PDA all in a device the size of a bar of soap.  Easy to use.. the cell phone portion works fine, with a built in speakphone as an added bonus.  Email/Text Messages/ AIM  work fine...though ocassionally slow during heavy traffice times.  The webbrowser will not replace your PC connected to a cablemodem, but still works fine, but at a slower pace.  Ocassional short term outage of data (browser) can be irritating but given all this gives you, it's worth the short wait till full service returns.  T-Mobile, the provider of these phones offers GREAT prices.  Worth the investment if you want more than a phone.  BTW, the flip out keyboard is a lifesaver when it comes to typing text messages and emailers...  Closer thing to a pocket PC to date....go for it.PS: The biggest con is cosmetic: the graphic are geared to the teen set.  Ignore the basic graphics and you'll have a blast.

I bought this phone yesterday and as I was downloading the expense application the phone turned off and wouldn't turn back on.  I had to call T-mobile and have them fix it.

Yes I Actually Do Own This Phone, And I Think It Is An Amazing Phone. I Love The Keyboard, It Really Speeds Up Text Messaging, Because I Do That ALOT! The Organizer (Such As To-Do-List, Calendar, Personal Notes) Is Great! I Love How Your Entire Address Book, Email, To-Do-List, Pictures, And Calendar Is Uploaded To The T-Mobile Website So You Can See It All There! The Camera Quality Is Pretty Good, But Not The Best I've Ever Seen On A Cell Phone! The Flash Is Pretty Good Though! The Speaker Phone Is Extremely Clear, It Is Great! The Web Browser Isn't The Fastest, But It Does The Job! And The Included Ringtones Are Awesome, And The Download Feature Is Even Cooler! I Love Using AIM And Yahoo! Messenger (Downloadable For Free)! I Never Thought It Would Be That Easy! I Love My Sidekick 2!

Some of these reviews or maybe most says that this phone and the network it uses are great. Then a few of the reviews people are having problems. I want to know if the people who are having problems might be experiencing problems because they expected something unrealistic? Or could this device really have some serious problems? Does anyone have an unbiased and honest assessment of this product.

Well, I've had a sidekick over a year now and just thought I'd upgrade to a sidekick2.Sidekick 2 is even better.  Camera, yahoo,  intellisync etc etc.  It's just a phenomenal device.  You cant go wrong with it.  It makes life easier.  Always connected, never bored in lines etc.  BUT then there's T-MobileI call up T-Mobile before buying the SK2 and ask them what the procedure is.  They say "Just buy the phone from amazon and give us a call when you get it to flip the phone.  Easy right?  Not if TMobile has anything to do with it.  Turns out they want to charge me an activation fee just for renewing my account!  That's gratitude.  Good luck with that business plan - I am sure your retention rates are skyrocketing.As if that weren't enough - they want to turn off my # for 3 days so they can renew my number.  Tmobile, you have to be joking.  Get ready for a buyout or a bootout of this market.  I hope for Danger's sake they find a new carrier and fast because the sidekick is exactly what the 80% in the middle need.Well, I'm moving to Cingular.  Treo?  maybe...anything but TMOBILE!For-rizzle Snoop

One star is way too high. Your contacts, email, phone numbers stay on the service not the phone (actually a company called Danger runs the service for all the SK2 aka Hiptop2 carriers). Before buying look around the net at how many times the service is unavailable (we're talking days not minutes here) and what that means when you can't use your email/IM/web  from the phone OR get to your information. Then ask about a Service Level Agreement before purchasing - when the carrier stops laughing you might get the feeling that this is not the best purchase if its going to be the only phone you carry.

FULL Internet access 24/7 from anywhere. THAT was what I was looking for and that is exactly what I got with the Sidekick I. And then all the minor issues I had with that device were addressed with the Sidekick II. This has been marketed as a toy for teenagers, but as a 40-something professional, I can't imagine life without this device. I find that instead of having to bring my laptop on trips, I can get by with my Sidekick because of its excellent POP email, full keyboard, and Internet capabilities. The PDA features are basic, but adequate for my needs. The Sidekick has allowed me to throw away my DayPlanner and my cell phone and minimize the number of "things" I must carry around in my life. Heck there is even a small "flashlight" for illuminating a doorlock in the dark!Never thought I'd use the AOL and Yahoo instant messaging, but I am finding it far more convenient than I had imagined. especially for friends that just need a quick reply to a short question.On the downside, the phone isn't the best out there. I find myself using the speakerphone function more than the regular phone. Others may want to use an ear bud instead of holding this bulky device up to their ear. The camera works surprising well in daylight and bright interiors, but forget about the "flash" function.UNLIMITED data transfer for $30 a month (another $10 gets you 600 phone minutes a month) makes the Sidekick come in at a price point FAR below any other similar devices out there.This device has to be used to be appreciated. It has become an indispensable part of my life.

I just got the new SK2 and am in love! I can check email, browse the net, and synch it through the web where its all backed up!  I haven'tried the ssh client, but I will and see how connecting remotely to my linux boxes works!  If your considering a cell/pda combo, give it a try! the prices couldn't be better on Amazon and if you don't like it, exchange it!  The screen and keyboard are such a delite to use.Eric

Hello,I am blessed and cursed with ADD. This machine allows a minimum of space to pack a maximum utility. I own an insurance agency, I can take a pict of damage to a car or a house, e mail it to claims on the spot! Even surf the web (although slowly 14.4kps?) in Office Depot to compare prices on what I'm buying. I sync with Outlook and viola, my schedule, e mail contacts and phone numbers are all there. Amazingly compact and functional. I have had mine for 3 weeks and it has replaced my cell phone and PDA. Now if only I could remeber where I left it &#60;BG&#62;God Bless you and yours!!!!Jesus is still waiting for ya!  He Is.

This is a perfect title for a perfect phone!  My sidekick II and I have a love/love relationship.  While I'm fighting my way through traffic I don't have to worry about details because with my sidekick II, I can email, instant message, search the web, adjust my calendar, snap a picture, play games and call either one of my children schools and still be rude to a fellow driver who is slowly creeping through traffic.I'd been checking the prices, but I was putting it off because at first I was going to cop the RazR like Hubby, but after playing with my sisters sidekick II on Christmas I knew that this was the phone for me.

My teen loves her Sidekick II and and all seemed well until ONE MONTH after we bought it the keyboard ripped, just above the "W" key.  Apparently it happens all the time, and the people at T-Mobile know this.  So, they decided to change their repair policy to make it very difficult to get it fixed.  The customer has to go to a UPS Store with an order number and send the Sidekick in. It will take 10 days to return, 5 to 10 days to repair, and 10 days to get back to us.  They don't give you a loaner Sidekick either.  Very bad customer service, and low quality phone.  Still waiting to get it back, I hope they fix it.  Two more complaints - Phone doesn't ring if you are using any of the data services (IM, AIM, Internet).  Battery all of a sudden doesn't work and you can't replace it, you have to send it in...see above.

I purchased a Sidekick II in mid-October 2004 when porting my number over from another carrier. The big appeal with this device, for me anyway, was the ability to maintain my data on a centralized server (provided by T-Mobile / Danger). This eliminates having to keep more than one copy of data across multiple computers (e.g. the home desktop and work laptop).  Additionally, it is possible to access the "Desktop Interface" from any internet connected computer.  Changes to contacts, to-do's, calendar events, etc. are immediately updated on the Sidekick II.  No sync'ing with a desktop PIM!  And the "Desktop Interface" is a decent replacement for your typical desktop PIM, thereby solving two problems at once (multiple copies of data and syncing with third party software).The graphical interface is easy to use and intuitive. Included applications fulfilled my requirements easily.  Battery life was very good.  Holding the device to your head takes some time to get used to though (it is a bit large compared to most cell phones, but about the same as other PDA/phones on the market).But the wonderful experience sort of stops there when using the device in my home coverage area, the San Francisco / Bay Area.  I used the device in the South Bay, East Bay, and Peninsula for 1.5 weeks and found signal strength non-existent in many locations where I could use a device from another carrier.  Customer service is more than happy to tell you where coverage is or is not but, unfortunately, the effective signal strength is roughly half of what they report in my area with many dead zones.In or near buildings the T-Mobile signal strength would quickly drop to 1 bar or 0 bars if not already at that low level.  The GPRS connection would sometimes be maintained under these conditions but all incoming calls would roll to voice mail.My experience of this device can be summed up as: It is a great device with many features their (Danger's) competition charges more for.  Surfing the web, taping out e-mail or SMS messages, and making calls are easily accomplished on the device.  Centralizing your data in one location alone is worth the initial investment.  The caveat being that if the cellular provider has poor signal, the Sidekick II basically becomes a paper weight.  I would strongly suggest you check with others who have T-Mobile in your area before buying this device.  If they have good signal, chances are you will too.  I recommend the Sidekick II, but not T-Mobile in the San Francisco Bay Area.

As a sidekick use since it hit the market 2 years ago, I've much anticipated this upgrade. While you would find many positive coverage in other reviews and marketing materials, I want to focus on some detail design issue I find causing significant usability issue.First of all is the keyboard. The large and comfortable keyboard is sidekick I's key differentiator, and envy for other PDA and smart phone users. Unfortunately some design issue has dampen' its advantage. Check out the closeup picture in Amazon to visualize it. While the device has enlongated from 11.5 to 12.8cm, the keyboard has narrowed from 7.9 to 7.3cm. It is also slightly off centered to the right (measured btw the midpoint of the g and h key.) Yet the biggest problem is that it is sunken from the surface for about 7mm. Although this give the device a slimmer profile, typing is more difficult. It is especially hard to reach keys near the side (imagine reaching the bottom of a pan near the rim). So which keys suffer? The Return key! What's more, the key is moved down one row to the hardest to reach lower right hand corner (where most other keyboards place a shift key.) Pushing return now cause much strain to the right thumb. In place of the usual return key location is the delete key, which I have accidentially pushed many times. I am also not pleased to find the space bar narrowed from 2.7 to 1.9cm.The original sidekick have most keys flush on the surface and typing was totally natural. It was a pity that a slightly modified design would cause much reduced usability.The second issue is the scroll wheel and navigation. The new scroll wheel is a tiny roll make of hard plastic. The traction of the wheel is fair. However you have to be careful not to apply too much pressure to avoid pressing one of the three button by mistake. Sidekick I's scroll wheel is problem free in comparsion. The direction pad is move to the left hand side of the unit instead of inside. While it is more accessible you have to use your it with your left thumb instead of right thumb. If you want to combine with the shift- or alt- you have to use those on the right side (a thankful addition to sidekick II). This is different from sidekick I and most other keyboard where all navigation keys are placed on the right. Also the scroll wheel is still on the right, so you might need to use both thumb. I don't know if it is only a matter of learning and getting used to. So far it feels rather unnatural.Sidekick II is no doubt an improvement in many ways. Unfortunately some seemingly design detail has hamper its usability. The sunken keyboard and the Return key remain the most significant issue.(Review entered using Sidekick II)

I have had the Sidekick II for a year now. It is a cool phone. The swivel screen is what bought me, I love it. The keyboard is amazing and the menus are very easy to use. Internet on the phone is pretty quick. The size of the phone (Not too big!) and lack of bluetooth and high-res camera (Not bad for daytime pics) is a bummer. You have to take good care of the phone because it is delicate, im on my third SK2! The screen is sensitive, keep it in a case.

This is a great phone.  T-mobiles service I've found to be not as good as sprint for reception and coverage (in Phoenix Anyway), but, a better value overall.The phone is an excellent messaging platform.  Email is simple, you can have multiple accounts and multiple folders where mail from each account can be filtered into.The phone gets good battery life (approx 36 hours with light use) and one of it's best features is the screen is daylight visible in direct sunlight w/o issue.  The synch to outlook capibility is excellent and well executed.  Everything is handled through the internet and T-mobiles network.  You never have to cable the phone to a PC.  Drawback is it only supports Outlook and not Lotus Notes which many corporations use (though on a side I dispise Notes).The only major drawback I see to the phone is that additional applications have to be downloaded from T-mobile.  Great for T-mobile and Danger but, very bad in the sense that no developer community can develop around the phone to create truely spectacular applications.Somethings I would have expected in a release of this generation given the phone that it does not have:  No memory card or memory stick capibility for music and video, the above mentioned ability to develop for it, no voice based dialing, doesn't appear to have any GPS capibilities, the web browser is good, but, not great.  Given that the phone runs on Java I'd expect better java support.  Just as a general wish I'd like to see support for a remote desktop protocol like terminal services, [...].I saw a post or two about the downloadable upgrades.  I've had no issues with these and strongly recomend them.  They add significant features and capibilities to the phone, and I've noticed no slow down.  (though granted I haven't filled my phone up with tons of extra applications and ringers so it may have more memory left than others)Overall the SideKick II is a great device.  It falls short, but, tantalizingly close to being an all-in-one that can work for most people.

If you are a power user, this phone is for you.  It has all the functions of a cell phone and the ability to access the internet, and email accounts.  Having a keyboard is a great feature. It used to take me over a minute to write a simple text message to my friends, but now only a few seconds. It is relatively big when compared to most phones out there but thats because of the ergonomic keyboard and screen size. If your the type of person thats always on the go and use various communication tools such as email and text messaging, then buy this phone!

The T-Mobile Sidekick II is a great device; however since I have gotten the device it has had problems connecting to the popular Yahoo! IM service and really has reduced in purpose to nothing more than a giant paper weight.The Yahoo! Messenger service is somewhat frustrating in nature. When you try to connect to the service, even when your user name and password is correct, the Yahoo! program complains that the "User name and password you have used is invalid."I have to give it up to T-Mobile though. They do have a wonderful customer service team available 24/7. I called them up and asked them exactly what is going on. They told me that they are having a problem with the Yahoo! Program (No duh) and they have no ETA when it will be fixed. That was eight days ago and the program still doesn't work.If you are one of those users that are up late at night (12 midnight to 3AM-ish Pacific Time), be prepared to lose service on some nights with this device. T-Mobile has to do maintenance on their server which cuts off the entire network to this device during this time. You can still place calls, but all data features will be unavailable.On the plus side to the sidekick, it does have a web browser that actually displays the entire web page of any web page. It is a real neat device that is about the same as a PDA. Games are wonderful along with the ring tones.If you are one of those mass Instant Messenger junkies (like me) that need to be in touch with your buddylist 24/7...don't depend on T-Mobile. You are better off leaving your computer on overnight with the away message up. At least this way you will get your messages.All others looking for data services, look around for a PDA that uses a different service other than T-Mobile. Come to T-Mobile as a last resort.

pro's1. An easy device to use2. AIM3. real POP email4. decent games (though it only comes with one preinstalled)5. switchblade screen is very cool but will it be durable down the road?con's1. Still No Bluetooth!2. Not a good "phone device" because of the size (it's huge) and shape (kinda awkward)3. Inconsistant data conectivity speeds (not really noticable except with web browsing)4. Still no java compatibility!5. cammera is really poor quality (my Motorola v600 has a much better cammera)

Ok...ijust received the sidekick 2, two days ago. So far I'm very pleased. In fact I'm writing this review FROM the phone. It def. Is the ultimate communication device. I can be on AIM talking to 10, checking my mail, while talking on other messenger services. Its really easy to type. I use the computer often so typing on here is a breeze. Never miss an important email because you are away from your computer. Always be connected. The internet is good except for the fact the web pages are shown in columns..which isn't that bad. All the usually sites I go to I go to on this phone. I gave it 4 stars because of the camera. I also carry a motorola v551 and the camera on there is much better. I'm buying a phone protector so that I don't damage the phone. The price 4 this phone is pretty steep but I think its worth it. Pros: qwerty padEasy typingreal web browserEasy phone toturialsNice size screenSomewaht easy menuCons cameraJavaBluetoothWow everything Is great...very good investment...anybody know about the sidekick 3?

Sidekick II is meant to be your one-stop-shop wireless gadget for e-mailing, web-browsing and IM chatting anywhere you go.  You can also download limited content.  You can also sync with your Outlook calendar and addressbook, but only if you pay extra for a third-party utiltiy program.  Compared to the original Sidekick, SK II is thinner but quite a bit longer.  I also think it's uglier, esp. the new thumb keyboard, but the keyboard is still very useable.  Battery life is terrible after the first couple weeks, requiring you to carry the charger with you all the time.The problem with the whole T-Mobile data service, though, is the poor quality of T-Mobile's GPRS coverage.  T-Mobile is infamous for its sporadic GSM (voice) coverage in the U.S.  When it comes to GPRS (data), it's even worse, and the slightest degradation in reception will cause the Sidekick to go kaputt.  And when that happens, SK has a tendency to fail to re-establish the data connection when signal strength returns.  This makes a very frustrating user experience, esp. when you need Internet access the most (e.g., when you want to log onto amazon.com to compare-shop that big Sharp Aquos LCD TV you are looking at inside a Best Buy store).  Unfortunately, T-Mobile has not improved its coverage or download speed, so if you get the SK, be prepared for slow speed and lost connections.  Once the novelty factor wears off, the SK experience is a rather stressful one.Of course, currently no other device - not even the Treo 600 - has the same portable form factor and useable keyboard as the SK II.  If you are an absolutely Internet junkie, you'll probably find T-Mobile's abysmal coverage tolerable and SK's true wireless Internet access appealing.

First, let me just say to those who bash this phove because of T-Mobile, STOP!  You are here to review the phone, not the service.  How is it phone's fault?  It's your service and shouldn't be phone's fault.Pros/Features:Qwerty Keyboard makes it easy to send text messagesWeb BrowserAOL Instant MessangerYahoo MessengerEmail at your fingertipsCamera Phone with Room for up to 36 photosOrganizer/Calender/CalculatorNifty Design reminds you of a mini-laptopCons:Bulky:  Looks like a mini-laptop but won't fir easily in your pocket...Case/Belt Clip is a MUSTButton Size:  Could be small for those with big fingersWeb Browser:  Slow, but beacause the sites could be cached, it gets a tad faster.  Don't expect cable speed!  This is more of 28.8 speed.No background wallpaper: Because of the deaktop icons, background image isn't availableOverall...Positive Outweigh the tiny Negatives by a ton.  If you are an internet.IM junkie, you will fall in love with this phone.  The reception in my area is fine.  However, the reception varies from area to area.

I love my SK II. The black leather pouch with the red trim is horrible.  I've only owned mine for 3 months.  There is barely enough room to plug in the ear piece on the side. Worse of all, the flap eventually rips underneath where the snap is located.  This occured as a result of your basic wear and tear...and tear it did!! I already superglued the flap back once and today it  ripped again, taking the snap off completely.  Underneath the leather in the strap is a thin cardboard strip.  The leather is actually glued to this thin cardboard.  DO NOT BUY the leather pouch unless you like to throw your $$ away and replace your accessories every few months.  To say I'm disappointed is an understatement.  Angry is more like it.

First of all, I'm writing this review from my two day old Sidekick II and the keyboard is very easy to use.  I was a little nervous about the keyboard because I've got big hands but so far I can type quickly and with ease.  I was able to port my number from ATT with no problem.  I have also set up my voice mail, e-mail, taken a few pictures and obviously surfed the web.  The camera is clearly the weakest link like other reviewers have said.  The pictures are low resolution and the light conditions need to be just right.  The e-mail is wonderful.  I also set up another POP3 account to check.  The web browser works well but can be slow.  There are way too many cool features to list here.  Overall, this phone is amazing and with the current rebates it's almost a no brainer...BUY THIS PHONE!

I previously had a regular cell phone with Cingular. Though I was quite happy with Cingular's service, I was really attracted to the idea of the Sidekick, since it could do web and had (or so they promised) both AOL and Yahoo IM which is only available through Tmobile so I switched.  That and the qwerty keyboard, ..I never could enter stuff easily on a Palm, and forget trying to type actual words on a regular phone pad, maybe I"m too old for that. This looked easier.So its good good and bad points...the phone itself is pretty nifty. The keyboard is very easy to use and I can type pretty fast on it. Not 80 wpm but not bad.  You will see people complaign that the ALT key is not backlit which is true, but it hasn't been a problem so far. Its not a nice little notepad and calendar feature. The screen is nice and clear. Its really cool having all this stuff in one phone.  And oh, they don't mention it anywhere, but it makes a darned handy flashlight. The screen is pretty bright, and you can also press =F and get it to just be a flashlight.The down side is the marketing makes it out to be much better than it really is.  Browsing is..so so. You can get to a lot more sites than I expected, but it doesn't do Javascript, which a lot of sites rely on to work.  For example I can read posts on a popular blog site but not update.Most of the time browsing is slllllow.  I wasn't expecting T-1 speed, I know its a phone and all, but was just hoping for the speed of my old 56 modem, but its not even that fast. Its -  go and get a cup of coffee and come back - speed. But, I got a little majong game on it, so I enter the page I want, and to play majong till it blinks that its ready. Its not fast, but being able to look up the address of a restaurant from the parking lot of Target is pretty darn handy.  And oh its got its own email acct too which works okay. No bells and whistles but it works.The camera sucks..I mean I wasn't expecting much at all, but its so bad I could do better with crayons. Seriously tanks. But hey I didn't buy it for the camera.What I DID buy it for though, and the reason I gave this a 3 despite the niftiness of the phone, was YAHOO IM.  I was *told* by t-mobile both on the phone and in person at the store, that sure, it had yahoo IM, you just have to download it. It advertises this on their site and on the box. 90% of my friends are on Yahoo not AOL.  Well as it turns out you CAN download it, but then..trying to actually IM on it is nearly impossible. It disconnects you VERY frequently with no notice or indication whatsoever for about 10-15 minutes. It disconnects easily every 5 minutes. If you check the sidekick forum on the hiptop danger site (the people who make the gadget) you will see its a very very common issue.Despite this issue being so common I've tried to contact T-mobile repeatedly and they were utterly unresponsive, and insisted they could not help, it was not supported by them I had to contact yahoo. They gave me no info to do so. I kept telling them THEY said it was included but they say as it wasn't preinstalled its not supported. What??So I finally found a Yahoo help email buried in their site and emailed them, and now THEY say its not supported either!!! (and more to that effect). That the only thing supported is the mobile.yahoo.com site, which doesn't quite work either. So even though its advertised and what I paid for, it works well only maybe 5% of the time and neither Tmobile or Yahoo want anything to do with resolving the issue.  THe AOL IM works fairly well, but not yahoo. But I don't know anyone on AOL so that doesn't help.  MSN btw is totally not available but at least that I knew going in.As far as signal strength goes, its so so. The phone is fairly consistently all the bars where I live, but it still is more staticy and cuts out more than cingular did (on the old network not the new one I had an OLD phone).  The data service is spotty.  It works maybe 75% of the time. Doesn't work in my house at all. But luckily its the 75% of the time I need it to work so its good enough on that count.  And oh..its a bit bulky for a phone, but not bad when you get used to it, and its got a handy speaker. THe speaker has a bit of a delay, but the sound quality isn't bad.SO the sidekick in theory is really neat.  I'd love to see where this type of gadget is in a couple years.  But right now..ARGH.. its still got some bugs and Tmobile apparently does not care one bit about its customers and trying to resolve these things.  THey have their 200 and me in a contract, so I guess that's that as far as they are concerned.  If I had to do it over again I'd probably get a regular Cingular phone and one of those Ogos for the IM. Its *got* to work better, cause on the Sidekick it doesn't work at all.If you just want basic web, a phone, and aol then get it. If you want Yahoo IM, definately look elsewhere.

What everybody says in praise of the functionality of the sidekick II is true, BUT...A significant number of sidekick2 devices suffer from a major (if admittedly stupid) manufacturing flaw in that the "alt" keys do not light up with the rest of the keyboard, making affected sidekick II devices much less useable in dark situations.This problem has been noted by numerous "early adopters" of this device, many of whom were users of the original color and black-and-white Sidekick devices and availed themselves of a special sidekick upgrade program offered by T-mobile.Unfortunately, while Danger (who produces the device) and T-Mobile representatives have acknowledged that there is a problem (...), they have so far made no indication whether, when, or how the situation will be rectified.  One can only assume that they continue to sell devices which suffer from this flaw.

I'd say over all I really like this device. It took me a while to get used to the size, but if you are OK with carrying your phone outside of your pocket and like a lot of connectivity, this may be the phone for you.Plusses:The keypad has a great feel to it and the keys are easy to find and press, rarely do i miss the key I'm looking for. The backlight on the keys makes it easy to type in the dark as well.The email connectivity is great, hosting a total of 4 pop3 accounts including a native account just for the phone. email is easy to create but lacks group lists unless you pay to download more software.The web is pretty fast, and now includes java supportSwitching between functions is really easy and picks up where you left off. The general key layout and shortcut buttons can get you to any feature fast.The screen is big and pretty, and the swing flip is unique and effective.Support for AIM, YIM is really handy, even if they are slightly pared down versions.RECEPTTION IS EXCELLENT!! I can get calls on this thing where noone else can. even in the basements of huge brick and steel buildings, with internet reception too.Everything except sms messages are backed up on a tmobile server, allowing you to acces email, contacts, photos, to do lists and calander function from the internet. This has saved me more than once after I misplaced my phone.CONS:T-Mobile pretty much sucked the life outta this machine. Most of my complaints stem from restrictins that they have imposed on the device. for instanceYou can't open most email attachments. mp3s and document attachments are useless, thankfully it converts most MS Word docs to readable text.You can't download any ringers from mp3, wav or any source other than tmobile to go. This SUCKS!! hiptop made it with this capability boo to you t-mo.You can't change the background pic.No Wi-Fi or Bluetooth.The camera just plain sucks. Pictures are always totally illegible. you can send pics only to email addys, not as a text or MMS messeage.It just feels very consumer grade, not professional.All in all if you want a device that does everything but video, pix and music, this is a good choice. Battery life is high, great functionality, easy to use and Fantastic reception make this eyesore a beauty. some people think the cool factor is high on this one, not me though. But I will be keeping the 'pimp brick' for a while.

OK so basically...this device, in my opinion, deserves 5 stars. The SK2 is great, FOR WHAT IT IS! Don't buy this device if you are expecting a digital camera or a mini-laptop. Thats not what it is. Its a PDA. The AOL on it is great! it will load your entire buddy lists, lets you do smileys, away messages, everything. The AOL email works just like the regular thing on your home computer.I have found the SK2 very useful in everyday life. The calender is to die for! I now never miss tv shows or birthdays or anything like that. It is so easy to type up a quick note or reminder and set an alarm for it in the calender.The notes section of the SK2 is cool as well, i am always somewhere and wanting to write down a phone number, or a song i herd on the radio that i want to remember to download later or whatever...its great.The camera works like any other NORMAL camera phone. No the pictures arent 1 mega pixil quality, but honestly, if you want great high quality pictures, go buy a digital camera! cameras on cell phones have gotten crazy, and the public has gotten even crazier with its expectations. Camera phones are strictly for those "you-had-to-be-there!" moments...not for the family photo album.It rings loud, it also rings and vibrates at the same time which alot of phones these days dont do anymore. The t-mail email address you get works pretty well with attachments and what not. i like it. its also pretty quick. you can also read your gmail,yahoo and hotmail from the sk2 also if you wish.The web browser is slow...at least from what i've used of it. I mean it gets the job done, but its like as slow as 56k...but like i said, its not a mini-laptop. It moves about as fast as any other cell phone that has internet but you have to remember it also will laod full color images so it really depends on the site. There are plenty of information websites (news, weather, sports, entertainment ect.) designed by yahoo or other companies just for PDA's and cell phones so you should try using those for that sorda stuff. The one gripe i had about the SK2 is that there is no included alarm other than whats on the calender feature. However you can download a program for 10 bucks called "time travaler" from tmobile which is cool and allows you to set many alarms for different times in different time zones.This PDA is great for text messaging and email and AOL/Yahoo messengers. From what i've experienced, the phone and speaker phone have worked great. Thats one of those area-dependant features...if tmobile has bad signal in your area that obviously this will not please you.as far as all the cons go...the outtages..i've had it for weeks and have had no problems...i dont think its as often as most people sayas far as security, forget the whole paris hilton thing...someone knew her password thats all it was...all your information that you enter via the tmobile website is transferred to the SK2 and vice versa. its done automatically. all phone numbers, calender events, notes, reminders, alarms, all that junk can be made and entered online and it goes right to ur device. so if you hate typing in names on a device for phone numbers, this is for you.make sure you get the insurence on the SK2 also. i think thats about it. i hope all was helpful

Phone Call quality - POORPhone size - UnweildyNot for someone who wants a cell phone as well as messaging tool.Unstable operating system, has crashed three times in 6 months and I have lost all phone numbers all three times. Would NOT recommend phone to a foe.

I've had my SKII fo a little over a month now and find it a good fit for my needs.  I am a business user, not a Snoop Dog groupie, and this is a VERY cool device.Coverage in my area (Austin, TX is good)and while I have not yet traveled away from the IH-35 corridor, I had good voice and data coverage all the way to the TX/OK stateline (as far north as I went). For $20/month all you can eat data, this is a screaming deal.  I don't find the web surfing that useful (speed is about like a 28kbps dial-up connection) but for email it is superior to the Blackberry 957 I used a number of years ago.  The interface for the phone and for email and the address book is great.  Far better than any Nokia phone I have ever used.  The intellisync software allows me to create use a separate address book in Outlook that I can then sync with the SKII with a one button push.  Very simple and means you can have an abreviated address book if you are concerned about having this infor resident on TMO/Danger's servers.  I agree with another reviewier that it would be better that this info is NOT resident, but if that's a concern, limit what you leave on the server.Drawbacks are no bluetooth, no resident memory for email, pictures etc, no removable memory stick and no easy way to create and use your own ringtones.Great things, great keyboard (nicer/bigger than Crackberry), intuitive interface/software screen size/clarity. Camera a nice feature, easy to email pics anywhere. A very cool and functional device if you need phone and and email. The web and other stuff are "OK" but TMO data network will have to get faster and more WAP coded websites for content that is relevent for that to be a big reason to buy/use this device.I purchased through Danger's website total cost $0 after $200 instant discount and $100 in rebates. Worth a year's contract with TMO in my book.  Paying $49/mo for 3000 regional anytime minuets and $20/mo for all you can eat data (email, text messaging, etc, etc EVERYTHING DATA included).I would recommend this to anyone that really needs email and occaisional web service in addition to phone service.  Not the smallest/best coolest phone, but the best convergent communication device on the market right now IMHO.

The Sidekick II rocks.  If you're like me, love to chat on AIM, need to check sports scores for fantasy football or basketball and think it's cool to always be connected and get email anywhere you go, then you'll love this device.  Plus, it has the coolness factor that no other smart phones can offer...

Once you get past having video gamer thumb from having to scroll endlessly through webpages, this clunky magician will endear itself to you.+

Ok -I was sketical, I really was...I thought it would be difficult to use, would be awkward, and thought I was taking a chance.  I thought there would be tons of features that I would never use, that it was too bulky, etc.  Also, had my reservations about T-Mobile.The reality:  This little sucker is jam packed with functionality, extremely intuitive controls, and frankly I don't know how I ever lived without this little thing.  Extremely extremely intuitive and great usability.Synchs with my Yahoo POP Email account, AIM Mail,Yahoo IM, AIM IM, and so many other features that have been part of my life for years.  I've been an avid Text Message user and it has great text messaging functionality.Camera isn't terribly great, but I didn't buy the phone for that.Buy this sucker if you want this kind of functionality, a great phone, and overall I must say T-Mobile coverage has been really solid and has been kicking my previous provider's butt - Cingular.

Even though the phone works in different ways for everybody I think. Its just that some don't give it a try in the other hand mines been great the phone works amazing I heard someone in here say that the phone is more for data then calling their wrong it works fine for millions of people. I believe that every electronic device has their downfalls no matter what service provider I know that it shouldn't be like that but it happens to most of us I think the sidekick doesn't work for everybody so in order to now for your self is to go test out one your self in a tmobile store I believe is the best phone I had and theirs nothing that well change my mind and when the new updates come it well just get better you'll see.

I'm trying to research this product and figure out why my 11 year- old daughter wants it. I imagine it's the same reason some of these other kids who review a product on 4-1, and state their hoping to buy it on 4-2 do; t.v. advertising! What type of parent gives kids who  are so young they can't spell or form a proper sentence acess to the internet in the age of myspace and internet predators?  Some of these reviews appear to be from people under  18, or is it just their questionable I.Q.? I'm frankly, a little shocked. I do appreciate the lucid reviews from the adult owners, and have just told my daughter there's no reason for her to own this gadget. I would think any responsible parent, regardless of how much disposable income you have, would do the same.

I wanted to wait a couple months before I wrote a review on my sk2 since a bunch of other reviews said that there were problems within the first month. I bought my sk2 in Nov 05' got it for $100 bucks at the mall a great deal compared to $250 and  I haven't been able to put it down since I just love this thing :-)  So far I haven't had any problems with it I even dropped it a couple of times (on carpet floor) and thought oh god its the end but it still works great :-)AIM is great on this thing I'm always on it and I like that I can check my mail from aol on here too. I downloaded Yahoo messenger I don't use it as often as AIM but its good to have. The internet is better then what I thought it was gonna be although its not cable or dsl it runs more like dial up which is still pretty good to me (runs faster if u take the pictures off) I can check my bank account, do some online shopping, get directions from mapquest etc... (my mimi laptop lol)  The phone part of this thing is good too I like the speaker phone feature and the picture ID is ok too. Speaking of pictures that's the only thing that I can't stand picture quality is horrible but I can live with that I guess :-/ and another thing it would be nice if it had bluetooth and could play sound and video on the internet (maybe sk3) All in all to me my sk2 is great and I'm glad I finally bought one :-) Oh yea almost forgot I LOVE the different colors that appear on the D-pad :-) :-)

I just got my Sidekick II a few days ago and it is awesome!!!  It is very easy to pick up and use and tends to catch other people's attention.  The service coverage is very good in my area compared to other wireless companies I have used in the past, and I live in rural Ohio.  I highly recommend buying this from Amazon and not T-Mobile themselves since you get an amazing deal with money back.  I would also suggest buying the insurance on this device so if by chance something does break (or someone rips it off), you will get a new phone.The screen is very big and the applications are so simple.  When I need to call someone, I don't have to fumble around looking for the number.  Just put your numbers in the phone book, then you can just dial the first letter of who you want to call and all the numbers pop up.  You can email too, which is amazingly easy and helpful in my situation.I really like this phone and I just don't quite get what everyone else is whining about.  Do your research when buying, or you could possibly be unhappy with what you get.  I was a little worried with all the negative remarks, but now that I have one in hand to use, I don't see what all the fuss is about.  It is a remarkable machine which I think will help me keep my life a little better organized.

I have had this phone for about a year and some change now. I am on my Second device. And this one has already giving me a list of issues.Pros:Great internet and messaging serivceSpeaker phoneHuge address bookQwery KeyboardCons:Belt weightKeys are glued onCan't send Net messages while in phone call. Causes over load occasionally. (will reset on you)No Alarm. To do list and calandar only beep, once.Made me not want a SKIII

I'll be honest, I was a bit apprehensive at first about getting one of these things. Now I don't see how I ever went without it. I bought my sidekick two weeks ago today and I just love it. Yes, it is pricey but well worth it. Since I already had a contract with Verizon I only got the sidekick for data. I don't see what people are complaining about with this phone. Web browsing is what you'd expect. Pages load quicker on here than on my comp sometimes. But keep in my, it's a phone, not high speed dsl. I have used it as phone service a couple of times (just to test out coverage and reception in my area) and it's been great. A few deadspots in my house sometimes but still better than I expected. I live in the Richmond, VA area so T-mobile has excellent coverage here. Text messaging is soooo easy with my sidekick and AIM and AOL email are remarkably fast. It's the closest you can get to a mini-laptop on a phone. The only real complaints I have about this are minor to most but enough that drove me to give it only four stars: first, the camera. It's mediocre at best and sucky at worst. My camera on my LG vx-6000 is better. You have to get really close to the person or object you are taking a picture of in order for it to turn out decent. I need tips on how to work with the camera maybe. The other thing I hate is the lack of variety with the ringtones and games. There aren't nearly as many as Verizon has, but I'm hoping that this will improve. All in all, it's still worth the money. Verizon was robbing me blind with the amount of texting I was doing every month so I'm glad I have the sidekick for that. I am in the process of having my sidekick tricked out and I'm seriously contemplating having it studded (damn you Paris Hilton) because it's too cute looking and reflects my personality sooo much. I highly recommend buying a sidekick especially if you are an on the go person like me who does a lot of text messaging and emailing.

What can I say that haven't been said already?This is an unfortunate product.  It actually has the best "thumbpad" design of all convergence/communicator devices currently available -- the keyboard simply can't be beat.  The user interface is also consistent and easy to learn.  The applications, while limited, are all well designed.  Get this: some people snicker at this being a toy but this "toy" can load a webpage in the background while you read email in a separate application, something that a far more expensive Treo 650 can NOT do.The voice quality is decent, not quite as good as other mobile phones but better than other "convergence" devices that I've used.Now the bad news.  This device relies on "backend" servers running by Danger, Inc, the designer of the Sidekick products.  These servers, not operated by T-Mobile, were extremely unreliable, rendering Sk2 pretty much useless.  This issue is in addition to T-Mobile's already spotty wireless coverage.  To give you an idea, in february 2005, there was a complete outage to all sidekick users that affected some for as long as a week (I was one of them).  I gave up and ate the contract penalty less than a month later.If Danger, or whoever runs the backend now, get the act together and provides a reliable service, this is a definitive product to consider for those who only need a no-frill, "communicator" device.

I love this fone. It is wonderful. I love how you don't have to open the screen to dial numbers and that it has a cool keyboard. It is cool when you open the screen and then you actually use it. I love the it and i love t-mobile. I always have good reception and i could use it in the elevator. For the people who are complaining the must be careless. the don't take care of it so it ends up breaking like all fones. I was choosing between this and a nextel and i chose this. nextel is too expensive and it has horrible reception. the pictures are awsome. too fix tmobile from puting your stuff on the internet you have to call them and they will fix it in a matter of minutes. I love it love it love it. Buy especially of amazon. you practicly get it for free

I was pleased during the honeymoon phase...until the screen cracked while in my handbag. I called TMobile and they were more than happy to pay to have the phone sent to their repair shop shipping and handling on them. While at the UPS center, I learned that that branch mails back 3-5 handsets a day. The phone is too fragile and they know it. The TMobile warranty does cover the buttons and sound quality, but not the screen in the 1 year warranty. TMobile is the manufacturer and the service provider. When I got the phone back from their service facility untouched, all they can say is "I'm sorry, I understand," but your only solution is to have bought insurance in the first 7-14 days or else its too late and you will have to buy another device full price. Insurance is as expensive for your phone as it is for you. My phone was less than 90 days old! TMobile sucks!

The cellphone is OK but you need to pay 20/month for internet, email... It's good if you really need these services, otherwise it is too expensive fot the tmobile data package

I really like the features and it's very easy to type on of course. I like the design, the interface, the whole concept.But using this as a phone is terrible.My calls are constantly dropped and I am always losing connection.  70% of the time I have to dial a number 3 or 4 times to get the call to go through.When I actually am in a call, the reception is bad. It doesn't matter if I am in a bathroom or the top of a 30 story building in the middle of downtown. I have to say "Can you hear me now?" so much you'd think I'm in a Verizon commercial.If the reception on this phone was actually good, then I would be keeping this phone. Instead I am going to have to sell it because it's really ticking me off.

This phone has, for the most part, been a hassle for me ever since I bought it through T-Mobile about 7 months ago. I started having network connections errors about a month after I bought it. I couldn't send/receive text messages, get on the Internet, use Yahoo or AOL messenger. And when I would go to make a call all I would get was dead air for about 30 seconds, then the call would drop. This would go on for days at a time. T-Mobile assumed no responsibility for this problem and claimed it was the fault of the software developers. Neither T-Mobile or the software specialists were able to figure out the problem. It wasn't until I had to file a complaint with the BBB that T-Mobile actually stepped up and took responsibility for this problem. I hate the fact that is does not have bluetooth. The pictures that you can take with the camera are extremely low quality. I was also disappointed in the fact that I could not change the wallpaper or apply any themes to the phone. The selection of ringtones provided by T-Mobile is limited. The seal on the rubber keypad came lose and no longer sticks down as it should, typing is a pain because of that.Now onto the positive features. The phone is durable for the most part. I never had any problems with the flip screen. The web browser, although slow, is very user-friendly. The browser comes with some nice features and options. The speakerphone option is very good, very clear.If you are looking for an internet/chatting friendly and are lucky enough to get a Sidekick that has no network or connections problems, don't care about a quality camera, bluetooth, wallpapers, or ringtones, then I think you would love this phone.

Just got the Sidekick II and spent literally an hour with tech support trying to get around a bug. They said nobody before had asked them that question. I call a lot overseas and, surely, don't dial directly due to the cost. I use a calling card, a pin and then the number. Even the oldest cell phones have a much longer field length on the phone number, so that you can program the calling card (10 digits), the pin (10 digits) and a foreign number (12+ digits). The Sidekick II stops on the 28th digit! What an annoyance. I found, however, that if I use the speed dial function, the field length is not restricted. With only 9 speed dials, though, this is not much help.Another bug is that if you do a select-copy-paste on a phone, and copy the number to another speed dial (so I don;t have to type the calling card for every entry), it pastes the whole seeting, including the name and then doesn't let you change it.A third bug is that the phone does not allow you to save a draft of a text message. If you are not able to send a message (system outage etc), you can't just save the message to send later, but you have to retype it.Looks like the Sidekick II does not allow any change in color, plates or walpaper either.I like the phone - it's fun and very intuitive, but at this time I am pondering whether to return it and stick with my Nokia 3650 which gives me all of the same, just without the bugs. I activated a new account with TMobile, but I have little hope they'll let me carry over my old number. My plan was just to cancel the old service..but I may give it a try if I keep the phone.I wish these engineers didn't sleep on the job and stopped these annoying bugs from happening. After all, how hard is it to set a longer text field, if you are setting it on the speed dial anyway..Oh...did I say the phone also doesn't allow you to add a memory card?Good toy, though...I am nervous about putting work data on it, keeping in mind TMobile has access to it. Sure their servers are secure, but so are all banks...and they do have crackdowns from time to time..So...still thinking about it..

Someone asked if current TMO customers can buy the new SK II and do a new activation and xfer their number.  I did this when I got my SK Color last December.  It was a bit of a hassle and took a week or two but they didn't give me any grief over it.For those who are used to the SK Color (the SK II's predescesor) I think the keyboard is more difficult to use since the buttons are more recessed and don't give that familiar click/pop tactile feel.  Other than that its a truly masterful blend of useful technology.  Anyone who has suffered with "neato" but not really practical gizmos will find the SK series refreshingly different.  I mean, do you REALLY want to have to pull out a stylus to fire off a quick e-mail while sitting at a red light?  Oh yeah... and tweaking my Linux web server via SSH terminal session while stuck in traffic... who's your daddy!?!?

***Tho I gave this 5 stars, my biggest complaint at the bottom.***This phone reminds me of the palm OS; it seems to work well and has no lock up issues that I've seen.It is painless to figure out, and that may be the best selling point.I have a top of the line PDA, and I was looking for something that was 60% phone and 40& PDA, and this seems to be it.Tho I don't think it would be good for business.There is no additional storage space- and you don't have the email customization that black berry has.Here in San Diego the reception is excellent.Email: the tmail worked right away and  ability to snap a photo, click send, and up comes the photo in the mail and ready to go.I am coming from a Hitachi pocket PC and I have had issues with that, one being that it would reset itself and the usual need to occasionally reset.  I know I never was able to set up the pop mail system and just couldn't accomplish sending a photo.On the sidekick, it was effortless.Web: very easy to use, and you can get most anyplace that would be viewable on such a screen.Downloads/games/ringers: this works well because everything you download works.  However, you don't have a limitless choice,nor room. Though you can remove programs to make space and then re-download them without charge.Speaker phone works well.Phone( recent calls in & out) easy to see and ability to redial.Note system is nice, easy to view at a glance (short note) without opening.Screen:  it looks great with games,color is good.Phone only: you put your ear to the rocker, that seems odd, but it works. Volume is ok-good.  Does have speaker phone.Keyboard: much easier to use than I would have thought, lights up in the dark.Charging: if you use it during the day to play games, surf the web, probably every night.  Minimal use, every other night.Sync: you cannot sync to computer, but you can use the online date book/calendar sync, so it is doable.Mail & messaging: comes with your own tmail account, and it signals when new mail comes in.I have AOL mail & IM on there; you can have most everything, but not corporate- at least not as well as black berry.I do like this feature: you can set it to (example) normal ring at 9am and then silent at 10pm.  Also, customize ring/silent times for different days.Camera: it is a so so camera. Not for dark areas, use for daytime or bright light.  I do find that even a photo that looks poor on the camera/sidekick screen- does look better if you send it to a computer and view it there.But really, this is a hybrid item, it does a little of everything, and of course the camera works nicely, but it is not a quality photo.My BIGGEST complaint is that you cannot (or I have not found a way) to adjust the text size, or look of text size.I need reading glasses and although it is readable, I do miss the pocket PC clear text.  I would settle for just larger text.But if you have problems reading small text, check this out in a store BEFORE you buy.Over all the phone felt heavier than I imagined, and by that I mean sturdier.  It is lighter than my Hitachi.I think this is a nice phone for someone who want's to keep it simple, yet have all the PDA basic features.I wouldn't think it would be useful for business, but it's ease of use is the biggest selling point.I also had my decorated by nyc peach.

This is as honest as it gets. The sidekick II is a fun device. it provides a whole bunch of features but also lacks a few that would be necessary to make it complete. it lacks a media player for the web browser which i feel is really necessary. its inability to work with java or java's unavalablity when browsing also poses some problems. it limits what can be browsed on the internet. it lacks the camcorder feature that most cellphones provide and also has a poor quality camera. For its status it should provide most of these features. Without mentioning names there are definitely other devices in its class that possess some of these features. However, I still think its a pretty descent device and have no regrets that i purchased it. So go out and get you a sidekick, its deffinately fun and remember get it from amazon cause they make it worth it!

Bought a plan through Amazon, never could get it to work. T-Mobile blamed the handset and Amazon could not replace it, thus cancel and reimbursed me for the HANDSET.  T-MOBILE is charging me $300 for a service I never used: $30 for activation, $200 for cancellation and 2 months of service! After being helpless, they are trying to force me to stay with them by " waving" the the fees! If you buy, just pray everything works, because otherwise T-Mobile will make your life miserable for months.

I can't begin to tell you how intuitive this little machine is.  If you're the type of person who loves little shortcuts to do things (ctrl-c, ctrl-p, etc.), you'll be amazed by this little device.  It shows that a lot of work has been done on the operating system.  It does pretty much everything you'd want it to and more.  Pics are easy to take (need lots of light though, flash is almost worthless) and you can upload your pics to a moblog (free one at hiptop.com).  It's so addictive to have wireless internet and e-mail right at your fingertips.  Typing is easy and the games are pretty cool if you like puzzles.Couple of probs.  First, I have yet to be able to sync this thing with T-Mobile's website.  It was one of the reasons I bought it but I am not missing it just yet.  I wish you could download your own ringtones and stuff to the machine but I suppose that would compromise the OS (and T-Mobile wouldn't get their cash), so I'm ok with that.One thing I'd check into is T-Mobile service in your area.  I've seen many horror tales on the Net.  I personally have had T-Mobile in the Chicago area and love it!  It's definitely the cheapest and I have had very few dropped calls and service is usually available in most areas I seem to visit.

I've had my Sidekick II for three weeks now, and carry it everywhere I go. It has so many things to keep you in order. I take notes with it in class, schedule events in my calendar, and make a To-Do lists. Not to mention you get unlimited text messaging, internet browsing, AIM, and E-Mail. The camera is not as bad as some people make it seem because it does the job for the occassion. I dont think I will ever go back to having a regular cell phone just because I have so much fun with  this one, and hopefully T-Mobile will create a Sidekick III.

As a happy owner of a Sidekick 2 and T-Mobile customer I'm saddened by the many inaccuracies and outright falsehoods in most of the posted reviews.The phone itself is no easier or harder to hack than any other.  What can be hacked is the web interface, which is probably what happened to Paris Hilton.  Make sure you use [...] to log in, and don't choose an easy password.  Problem solved unless a really skilled hacker wants your info (you probably aren't that important), in which case the hacker will get it anyway.You do not have to flip the screen to dial.  When you start the phone program, there's a keypad icon on the far left.  Scroll over to it, click it, and you can use the keypad to dial.  This works checking your voicemail as well.  It isn't as convienent as a standard phone, true, but it's a ton better than reported by some.I've had my Sidekick 2 for about four months, and have dropped it at least a half dozen times from waist height, even onto conrete.  The phone is still doing fine, despite some scratchees, which I'll get to later.Internet browsing is slow, if you don't turn off pictures.  Most, if not all, websites I go to can be navigated fine without pictures, and the screen isn't big enough to display most website images properly anyway.  With pictures turned off I can load almost every website in under a minute.  If I have full signal (4 bars) I can load most websites in under 15 seconds.  Signal strength does matter.There is no charge for an online photo album.  It is included for free with the sidekick data package.  Every photo you take is automatically uploaded for free.  If for some reason you get any $9.95 setup charges or 29 cent upload charges, call customer service, they'll take care of it.Ring tones sound great if you get the right ones.  I have "American Idiot" by Green Day and the vocals and guitar come through nice and crisp.  The included ringtones aren't particularly good, but that isn't a phone limitation.Yahoo! Messenger is a free download, and works fine for me.  I do get disconnected every hour and a half or so, but it reconnects immediately.  I have had multiple conversations going on Yahoo! Messenger without problems.If T-Mobile service in your area isn't good, switch to another provider.  You can force your phone to pull signal from any GSM carrier in range.  There are no roaming charges for voice calls or data calls on my plan, the 39.99 600 minute plan.The camera is better than many cell phones, but it's still a cell phone camera.  It's way better than either the LG5450 or Audiovox 8910, both of which I've owned.  The flash is pretty bad, but so are all cameraphone flashes I've used.  You can email pictures to any email address for free right from the phone's camera program, you certainly do not need to go to the T-Mobile website.The phone isn't perfect, to be sure.  The screen does stratch a bit too easilly.  Mine has quite a few very minor scratches just from being in my pocket with loose change, and one big scratch from being in my pocket with my keys.Voice quality isn't great either, but it's certainly clear enough for a conversation.  Using the included hands free earbud helps a good bit, too.I've had two service interuptions last longer than an hour.  The second one lasted over a day, but T-mobile gave all Sidekick 2 customers a 20 dollar credit and a good number of free downloads.

its great its multi-use gadget, ideal for people of need there buddylist next to them all the time. features are incredible.

I have recently purchased a sidekick 2 and i am waiting on it being delivered, when i look at pictures of the sidekick 2 i cannot see a power button anywhere? Can any one help me and tell me where my power button is so i don't look crazy when i don't know how to turn it on..(...)Thankyou

Only buy this phone if you would like your info, pictures and address book to be hacked into! T-mobile has been easily hacked into as you have seen on the news...Paris Hilton and Fred Durst. Stay away from this one until T-Mobile gets their act together.

I have been a SideKick user for the last year and purchased the SideKick II as soon as it came out.  This is the ultimate communication device for anyone.  I use it for business.  Getting emails while out of the office, instant messaging with clients, checking web sites, my calandar, contacts, to-dos.  Starting with the SKII, the phone and speaker phone works GREAT.

To start off with, the tmobile sidekick 2 is an OK phone...nothing spectacular. Now the serivce...people seems to think the service sucks, but I think its alright. Like I said...nothing spectacular. I received this phone in late July and thought it was a pretty cool device but I was wrong. This phone means hell! But here are my pros and cons:Pros:Design - you have to admit, this phone looks amazing.Web Browsing - even though speed is SLOW, the browser looks like a real internet. I find this feature fantastic.AIM/Yahoo/E-mail - very, very useful. Its fast, quick, and easy to use.Speakerphone - very handy. Its not too loud and not too low. Just perfect. Wonderful feature. And that's it for the pros.Cons:Big - this device is, I shall say - BULKY. For some reason, it looks medium-sized in the pictures on tmobile.com, but really its not.Reception/Signal - keyword....HORRIBLE! Its not easy to find a spot and have a good conversation without the distraction noise(s) in the back round.Camera - totally SUCKS. Pictures will come out good 10% of the time...and that is bad. Minding you, you can only have 36 photos in which I think is nothing. Snap-snap and you're done!Ringtones - now the ringtones are not that bad, but who would want to pay $1.99 for a ringtone which is approximately 6-7 seconds long (repeating over and over) when instead, you can buy half a song on a nextel phone for $0.99. Think about it...Now my personal problem with this POS phone:The other night I was talking on the phone and all of a sudden, the phone starts vibrating and the screen turns black. That's when I knew something wasn't right. So I turned back on the phone and then hell broke loose. My 2 volume keys stopped working, the screen kept indicating either "maximum" or "loud", the screen saver would get stuck and take forever to return to the jump screen, and the worst of all, the phone would keep restarting itself. What's up with that?? So me being the concerned person I am, I called the tmobile customer care service and told them my problem. They told me that they was going to send me a REFURBISHED phone. Now that's when I got upset. You mean to tell me that I spent $250 on a phone that I brought BRAND NEW and now they're gonna send me some old phone that somebody else used. I feel that if we're going to pay that much money for a phone (brand new) that's been damaged , then we should receive a new phone. I didn't buy the phone refurbished, so why should I get a refurbished phone? I'm getting tired of tmobile anyway. I might go to Nextel, cause tmobile is acting really lame and most of all CHEAP.I truly recommend this phone if you want to go through living hell with it. This phone is not worth the time and is definitely not worth the money. My next move - either the Samsung p735 or Nextel i860. Good luck...

All i can say is that this device makes jujst about every expectation i had in my mind when i purchesed it. It is very durable unlike what other reviews say. ( i have droped it twice. Whoops) anyways the camram could be clearer, but who really cares it gets the job done. the KEYBOARD is amazing. People always ask me how im typing so fast on a mobile device. the internet is a litte slow at times..but when u need it it gets the job done.. THE ONLY problem with this device is that somtimes it has bad reception in outta city areas..CHECK your service area...THATS THE ONLY THING wrong with this device BUY IT

I recently brought my SK2 out of the box after a year and discovered I still love this device. This held me over until I was able to purchase the SK3 2 weeks ago.The service on this device has gotten better than my previous SK2 and my Color SideKick. However, the device no longer charges properly due to a broken USB port.To all of you who say this is not a good phone, you need to use the phone for awhile. If there are problems, get the device replaced instead of complaining about it.

Please Please..... stay away from sidekick or tmobile:I read good reviews about this phone and loved it my first week. It has some of the coolest and useful features, but the pain you go through for using them is not worth it.- I have had 3 replacements till now...the max working life of phone = 1 month.. after that it will start malfunction.- once you ask for replacement, you will have to wait a month to get a crappy refurbished phone. Wonder why so????? cos almost everybody is waiting for a replacement.- battery life... very ambiguous. Shows 100% ..and then a min later will show 10%...charge a compeletely discharged phone for 5 mins..to see 100% battery remaining.- keys malfunction after a month of use.- speaker went bad...had to wait for a month for replacement.- horrible speakerphone.- worst reception ever. (5 yrs old antique phone had better reception)- frequent dropped calls.- very often (lately for 90% of the calls) the phone never rings, goes straight to voicemail (I am sure thats a problem with the carrier). Till 2 days ago it would atleast inform me of voicemail instantaneously. Now it doesnt even do that. I dial my voicemail every 1 hour to check if I have mesgs. Almost everytime there are.- friends are really mad at me for ignoring their calls!!!!- very expensive accessories: $25 for charger or hands free.- you would think cool messenger service..I love it.. except that it keeps loggin me off...- very rude customer service.Ok...now how about my experience with replacement:- everytime I spend about 10hrs total talking to customer service reps and technical reps to trouble shoot the phone before they accept to send a replacemet.- 30min avg hold time b4 u get to speak with a rep.. then he transfers to another ..and guess wot another 15mins wait time.- guess wot: I am at their coorporate store and the Store manager trouble shoots the phone and agrees that I need a replacement. He call up customer service, identifies himself. They still make him go through another 60mins of exact same trouble shoot !!!!!!!- be warned: your replacement phone is going to be refurbished. And very much possible much older than the one you returned. Funnily every next replacement I get is worse than the previous.- another interesting thing: my voicemails get deleted every 5 days. Called reps about it and they were surprised and tried to fix it telling that it should stay for 30 days. Well guess wot, they close the case without giving me 5 days to check if the problem still exists!!!!! and it sure does.I have lost patience. I hope I have warned a few like me. I have many other friends who use tmobile: not a single one is happy. I am counting months till my contract expires and switch to cingular.I love the phone and features (when it works). I pay 95$/month for the service. I love having my emails on the go, having messenger services. But looks like things are getting worse with tmobile. Their hold times are longer.On a side note, some features that might not be very important to many:- all ring tones just 3sec long... they suck. pay 2$ for 3sec ring tones.- flip screen the best feature.- keypad real easy to use...when it works.- the scroll wheel, dpad etc.. cool when they work...this is a phone with awsome features..which are useless cos it doesnt work long.PS: I have used the phone for 5 months now. I loved it too when I got it: for 1st one month.PS: for danielle's Question - my usageI take a lot of care of this phone. I dont even use it directly to prevent oils from face/hand to come on screen. Always speaker phone or hands free.Only negative part about my usage: I use it a lot. I use about 1000 daytime and 1000+ nights+weekends.Anyways, to answer your question: never dropped the phone. Not sure about sun: if you mean leaving it in locked car.. may be 1-2 times..never let it have water damage...btw, other ppl have raised a good point: wot about they replacing 1-2 month old phone with a 1-2 yr refurbhished one!!!!

Snoop, there was an issue in March and e-mail/web access was out for a while.  T-Mobile creditted users for their service (in my case for the entire month of data service).  And then they gave away some free stuff in their catalog.The browser doesn't have javascript support (yet).  There are a bunch of good apps for it:  Calendar/Address Book/Email/Todos and Photos all sync to a server and can be accessed from a browser.  i.e. if you drop it in the toilet, you could go get a new one and all your data would be safe.  To me, that's cool.  Because the value becomes your data (i.e. calendar, phone numbers, etc.).E-mail with either imap or pop w/ up to 3 accounts.It has a speaker phone which is good quality a great display.There are some good apps for other things like an SSH client, AIM  (which also does ICQ) and Yahoo Messenger etc.  Developers are working on other tools like a GMap client (for Google Maps), etc.HTH.P.S.  I'm bummed that it shows not available.  I was going to buy another one for a friend.

I got a Sidekick II for Christmas and I was so excited. I'll confess I wanted it because all the celebritites have it and it's on TV shows. It was really cool and the features were awesome.AIMCompared to some Verizon phones I've seen, the Aim is amazing. It's easy to use and clear and the keyboard is greatInternet:Although sometimes the internet can go kind of slow, for a cell phone its pretty goodService:Good, but not great. I found that in a lot of places I couldn't get service, and it was very weird places. I got great service when I was in the mountains, but in my basement I got no service but I guess that has something to do with T Mobile not the phoneDisplay:It doesn't have the normal features a regular cell phone does, like changing the display or background, but it has other features a cell phone doesn't.Text/EmailTexting was great and easy. Email was fine, but it did bother me that often I couldn't see my aol mail which was my major mail account because the SK doesn't support html codes.Camera:Subpar but it's there. Compared to a lot of cell phone camera's the Sidekicks is not very good.Other:The design is very easy to use and cute. It's easy to navigate and find everything.One complaint is that sometimes when you turn it on after having it off, your data won't show up for a few days, which gets annoying.TMOBILE:HORRIBLE. After having my sidekick for five months I dropped it by accident. It wasn't a huge drop and honestly shouldn't have broken, but the screen cracked. I took it into the store and they said that they wouldn't fix it. I called Tmobile and they said that they couldn't do anything and I would have to buy a brand new phone. Horrible! I immediately canceled my plan and through the phone away, which was sad because I was growing attached to it.

this phone is a great way for e-mail and keeping up with friendsA think all ages should have this phone.A+++

Is this not the same Sidekick II that Paris Hilton used and got all the numbers posted on the internet? This is obviously too easy to hack. The security risk is too high. I wouldn't pay a dime for this thing.

I have had Sidekick 2 for 8 months now and have loved it.First and foremost it is a great phone with an integrated address book that synchronizes with Outlook. The reception has been excellent. The speakerphone quality is better than most other phones.The calendar and To Do functions are ok, and unless you need the high end features found in Palm, they are quite usable.The browser is quite nice, though the service sometimes is erratic and slow. It is good enough for occasional browsing. Only one browser window can be opened at a time.Setting up and accessing POP accounts is a breeze and the e mail function works like a charm.The AIM and Yahoo messaging features work well though I have notced that AIM is far more relibale than Yahoo.T Mobile customer service is excellent (at least for me!)And the best "feature" - unlimited data (browser, e mail, SMS, messaging) for 20 extra bucks / month - that is one great deal.A few shorcomings:No memory expansionSpeed calling is limited to 9 entries, of which 1 is reserved for voice mail.The camera quality is okay for fun, but poor for anything else.It is still bulky - your short pocket will hold the phone, but will eventually rip.On the whole, one heck of a phone.

The Sidekick II phone is amazing, it's like a mini laptop.  The only problem is that you would get more service coverage with a walkie talkie than T-Mobile.  If I'm in the middle of Hollywood or Los Angeles, my connections are still bad even in such a metro area.  I have trouble havea conversation for more than 10 minutes cause it just gets so staticy and disconnects at random.If T-Mobile had good coverage it would be great, but they don't , so it sucks.

this is the ultimate commucation device. I can make phone calls, email, text messages, and my favorite aol instant messenger. The great thing about it is that I got my mine for free. this site is 100% legit.  [...]

at first, i was reluctant to buy the sidekick 2, mainly because of its size. i was afraid it would be a hassle and simply i thought i'd look like a dork. the phone isnt too big actually.. and doesnt look that bad.the phone itself, is purely amazing. im  an AIM freak.. and i found heaven w/ the sidekick. so fun to use.. games / internet browsing. everythings good. i recommend it

I absolutely love my Sidekick II. The wireless Outlook sync feature is nice.. no docking cradle or Bluetooth to mess with. The web browsing has proved very useful, just wished it supported Java.However, I do have a MAJOR issue with rebates from Amazon on cell phones. You will wait FOREVER, and will probably have to pursue getting your check. They waited the entire 8-10 weeks PLUS another week before supposedly mailing the check out 3 weeks ago, which I have not received. And now, I must wait 30 days before they will "resend" it if it was ever actually sent out in the first place. I wouldn't think this was a scam if it wasn't the second time this has happened with Amazon.

The Sidekick 2 itself is GREAT; you can read the other reviews on that. I just wanted to pass on info on the rebates.  The second one I had for $200 back STILL has not arrived & this is over HALF A YEAR later.  I've put in several calls, faxes, letters, etc.  Ridiculous.  Just a head's up; don't plan on getting your $ back any time soon & I'd highly recommend you buy your Sidekick somewhere else.

The reason that the service has been down lately is because T-Mobile is bulking up the security and making it so you won't be hacked. GOD they listen to you and then u yell at them. I have used my sisters numerous times and it has saved my mother and I from a lot of traffic jams. Yeh it can be a little slow but c'mon at least it works. And as for syaing a laptop works better... not so much on a highway

I love this device.... when it works. I purchased it about 3 months ago and was in love with it for 2 months. Since T-Mobile has sent 2 software upates and the features have been unavailable while they work on the bugs... The first time only voice was available for about a week. This is the second and users have had problems for 3 days so far. Maybe test an update and fix the bugs before you submit the changes. But I cannot suggest this product untill service providers and danger get their stuff together. Read their message boards at [...] first.

EVERYBODY THE SK2 IS THE BEST PHONE TO HAVE. IF YOU DON'T HAVE ONE YOU NEED TO GET ONE. I USE MY SK2 ALL THE TIME AND FOR EVERYTHING. FROM AIM TO YAHOO, I CAN CUSTOMIZE IT FOR MY OWN STYLE AND PLAN ALL MY EVENTS. PEOPLE SAY TMOBILE SUCKS BUT FOR ME IT WORKS. I NEVER HAVE BAD RECEPTION AND MY BROWSER IS FASTER THAN MOST COMPUTERS. MY PHONE ISN'T BULKY LIKE THE SK1,AND I'VE DROPPED IT MANY TIMES AND IT STILL LOOKS BRAND NEW. WITH THE BEST FEATURES A CELL COULD EVER HAVE AND STYLISH TO THE TEE. YOU GOTTA HOOK YOURSELF UP WITH A SK2, ITS THE BENZ OF CELLPHONES.HOLLA ~SK2 FS SHO~

I ordered a Sidekick II in mid-December and received it on a Monday.  That same Monday night, the screen broke even though I did not drop the phone and it was not exposed to water or extreme conditions.  The screen gets blacked out and discolored and you cant see anything.  I ordered a replacement which I got one week later and, sure enough, two weeks after that, the screen broke again.  Same exact problem.  Once again, the phone was not dropped or damaged in any way.  I gave up and cancelled my service and returned the phone.  Beware of glitches with this seemingly poorly made phone.

I owned this phone for a few months.  I don't know where to begin with this.  First off TMobile's customer service says they are the best but they are not.  If you ever have a problem and call into 611 you get a CS person right away.  The second you say ANYTHING about owning a sidekick.... even if you have a question about your bill.... they send you to the sidekick department (usually a hold time of 20 min +)Now onto the phone itself.  Becides being very heavy and awkward the phone is OKAY.  I mean its great if all you really want to do is chat with people on IM.  The hone features are good but not having bluetooth and not being able to sync with the computer was killing me.  Not to mention I had serious issues and everyone I have known that has had one has had more than one.  I went through  3 in 6 month period.ONE BIG DISADVANTAGE is that the battery is PART of the phone.  Its soldered into it.  So if you have charging issues/battery issues than you have to replace the phone.  That is a HORRIBLE feature.Dont get me wrong I did like having it and I loved having access to my phone list via t-mobile.com from ANYWHERE.  But I would strongly no recommend this phone.  There are way to many reasons to not get this phone.  I left tmobile $200 fee and all PURELY becuase of the phone and their lack of decent customer service.  Thanks for reading.  Hoep this helps you out.

I recieved this as a birthday gift 2 and a half weeks ago.  I just cannot put this thing down.  I love this thing so much.  I haven't the slightest clue why alot of these people are saying that their sidekickII is not working half o0f the time.  Mine seems to work perfectly everytime.  I have heard people talk about it freezing, but not with mine.  Maybe they have dropped theirs.  Whatever.  All I have to say is that you will not be dissapointed with this.  Although, this device was defiantly made with teens in mind.  Unless you can easily remember what button does what (which is not that hard), i would not get this.  This phone/computer is so easy for me to use.  I love this phone, and you will, too.

the t-mobile sidekick was the best thing that i have bought, im 17 years old and it was worth saving up to buy. When i used to have ATT i would always go over on my text messages, but with the sidekick they have unlimited text, texting on this phone is SO easy, using AIM is even easier.. you can put away messages, smilys and everything wall talking on your phone. I use my internet to check my myspace, see how much money i have in my bank account, email my mom while im at school, write down assignments for school in the notes section, you can access your address book and notes online if you dont have your cell phone with you, the sidekick is the easiest device to use, you become addicted to it. its the best cell phone ive had (i have had 5) your friends envy you and then end up getting one themselves, text during class, send emails, take pictures, email them to your regular email address. this cell phone is THE BEST and i Give it a 10 out of 10.

I love this phone. I probably won't be able to part with it, ever. Like other reviewers have said it's great for AIM, text messaging, Email, etc. Some of the "cons" could be fixed in the future with the free over-the-air updates. If SK2 users comment enough to Tmobile about it then maybe they will look into adding more.

I (and many others) have been without service for almost a month now.  It was great when it worked, but it doesnt work at all any more.  Any attempt to access a web page results in a time out error.  T-mobile customer service is, at best clueless and at worst, rude.  Attempts to reach a supervisor are swatted away.  T-mobile acknowledges the problems and refuses to provide more than a $5 credit (for a $29.99 plan)STAY AWAYDon't take my word for it.. go over to the hiptop website and read all the unhappy people on the forums[...]

Where to start? It's incredibly awkward, unreliable (service dips in and out at T-Mobile's convenience!), and overpriced. My email service just stops working for months on end every so often and ALL the settings are as they should be!It's also endorsed by a rapper, that should be your first sign!T-Mobile is truly the AOL of cell phone service. To them, you are just a whore for their stockholders. I actually had a customer service rep tell me that in the area of my house I would get poor service in my home, but not ouside. What the hell kind of thing is that to admit out loud?!? Hopefully they will fold as a company sooner than later, I doubt anybody would miss them! Do your life a favor and go with Verizon, even their slum phones work 99% of the time with no issues!

As you will note from the other reviews, T-Mobile is awful. And in all liklihood no one there is smart enough or cares enough to read reviews of their service. Don't even try to make a call from a basement. Signal strength is non-existent. We called to cancel and they said, "We'll give you the web server free for a month to try." We cancelled within the month and they charged us anyway. Nothing we could say would make them rescind the charge. How do they stay in business?

i still dont have the phone, but am interedted in buying it.im having second thoughts when reading the reviews.it look really cool.i have used it before, one of my friends has it. the internet is kinda slow, but at least it comes up.not too many phones have internet.i still have to do some more research but im pretty sure after all im gonna get it.

I love my CSK2! I traded my old CSK and got this one.I am one of those people that likes to be on the move as well as constantly have email access. This device is excellent. It will play audio attachments, display pdf files, graphics, attachments, and everything is mirrored on a secure web site so I can add large documents, notes, etc. for public speaking.I recently was caught off guard and asked to address a group at our facility and was able to browse right to the topic I needed as a springboard for my lecture.Hint: Turn the graphics off in the browser to get faster page loads. This is especially handy when you need to get to the facts fast!The speaker phone is very good. Much like a 2-way radio. Clarity is better than with the CSK. I use my phone in the car a lot and handle it like a "CB mike" or slip it into my shirt pocket and talk into the air.The camera takes nice 640x480 pictures with options to take lower resolution shots if you plan on taking lots of pictures. I found the flash actually works better if you set it on "low-light" flash rather than the "night" setting. Give the camera a few seconds to adjust and the flash works much better. This especially good when doing backlit subjects.I like the fact that you can actually send pictures to another mailbox. (Unlike my son's camera phone which merely sends you to a web link.)I downloaded the Outlook software that sync's my phone to my Outlook contacts. Worked great after I actually read the DIRECTIONS! LOLI use my CSK2 for work, play, and mix a little of both.If I have anything critical to say it is that the CSK2 can get sand or dirt in through the hinge. I took it to the beach and my nephew tossed a ball of wet beach sand on it. the grit managed to get in between the plastic screen and the display. This cracked the screen when just a slight pressure was put on the plastic screen. (T-mobile replaced it for free since the display screen cracked without the plastic cover screen being cracked. Very understanding of them!)Combined with T-Mobile's features I can use my cell phone to receive faxes, view assorted files, create, send, and view jpg's, chat on AOL, Chat on Yahoo, buy and sell on Amazon!!!! etc. I have purchased a number of books on Amazon while sitting by our lake.One more peeve: Snoop Dog makes a poor spokesman. This device deserves Katheryn Zeta-Jones!

Because I moderate and manage several email lists, having instant access to email is very important to me.  I looked at two other devices before purchasing a Sidekick and despite a few minor problems, have been completely happy.September 2004 I upgraded my black and white Sidekick to a shiny new Sidekick II.  The network connection is much better than the black and white model as is the phone connection.The Sidekick II is a multi-featured wireless device with promises of even more applications.  It comes with an IM client (AOL Instant messenger) and you can download Yahoo Messenger.The email application is very usable and is what I use most.  The newly activated Sidekick II's have 6MB of Email storage.  Attachments that can be accessed on the device include, MS Word documents, PDF documents, many image file types as well as some audio file types.  A user can set up 3 pop email accounts to be accessed by the Sidekick (in addition to the one that comes with activation).The Sidekick II has an easier to use telephone.  Since the device is slightly longer and slimmer than its predecessor, it is not as awkward to use.  My one complaint is the fact that when I use the telephone the screen leans on my face.  The phone quality seems better than the previous version, but is probably not as good as it could be.  I don't use the telephone as much as I use the data.The device also has an integrated Calendar, task list and notes that can be synched with MS Outlook ($10) download from T-Mobile's desktop interface.  This Intellisync is easy to use and a great improvement.The device has a few games included, plus the option to download more for a small fee.Finally, the device has an integrated digital camera which, while not nearly as good as a real digital camera, takes decent shots for posting on the Internet or sending to friends and family via email.I highly recommend this product.  Don't be fooled by the marketing, I am well over the targeted age group and while I may not fit in to the online forums, this product is exactly what I need.Edited to add: I forgot to mention that this device also comes with a pretty good web browser.  While it cannot access many web formats, it can translate basic html and images to the screen.  Never tried to navigate Amazon with my Sidekick.  One problem with web sites and the Sidekick is the device's inability to handle JavaScript.

What a frustrating situation.  After two months with the Sidekick II using T-Mobile (based in the SF Bay Area), I just love the device, but the data and voice networks from T-Mobile are so bad that I was actually forced to get a second phone from a different provider so I could reliably make and receive calls.The team at Danger really did an exceptional job in my opinion, but they simply must find a way to offer the device with a reasonable service provider.  I have used Verizon, AT&T;, Cingular, and Sprint, and while none of them are great, T-Mobile is dramatically worse than any of them.  I have unfortunately learned that other T-Mobile customers suffer largely the same issues, regardless of the phone used.The data network that is used for e-mail however is especially unreliable.Don't fall for the "We're serious about coverage" marketing campaign by T-Mobile like I did, even if their on-line locator says you live in a great area for coverage.So despite how much I like the Sidekick II device, I can't recommend anyone use it until it is offered with a different data and voice service provider.

Ok everyone seems to bash t-mobile ive had my sidekick 2 for over a year and i'll admit when i first got it i really disliked t-mobile the reception was horrible and it was almost immpossible to use internet in many locations. Now a year later t mobile has gotten way better the internet works everywhere i never have a problem and i had another cell phone i decided to cancel it (sprint), got to expensive ive been using my sidekick as a phone and have no complaints i love this phone its awesome theres no device like it im addicted to aim and yahoo messenger and love that i can check my mail on yahoo or go onto myspace or email some of my teachers. Its one of the best devices ever before i had a samsung 8200 by sprint hated it no real web browsing :'( i never sign off aim love the built in email also love unlimited text messaging sprint was so expensive my average bill was 150$-200 with t mobile my bill is usually 96$ i have 1500 anytime minutes and unlimited text messaging, internet and email i love this decive. I have had one small problem i used the keyboard on my old one so much it became unglued called tmobile and they labled it as defective sent me a another sidekick yes it was refurbished but i wouldnt have known it if they hadn't told me, the device i got looks brand new i haven't had any problems with it. I can see why all the celebrities love these devices they're addicting once u have a sidekick and go back to a normal cell phone its just not as good as a sidekick no real internet no keyboard no email :'( the cameras not that good its decent though i dont really take pics that much so i dont mind. If your looking for the ultimate communication device i'd definetly get one ^_^

This is rediculous.  i ordered one and they never sent it to me or said anything, then one day about a week after i was supposed to recieve the item the web site said this item is currently unavailable!!  What the F.

I've had it for about a week.The phone rules.The speaker isnt as low, as others say..it could be louder, but its fine!It is soo easy to type. fast. AOL IM's are lightening fast. TUrn pictures off on websites and browse, easy! take like 30seconds to load a page.The games stink ...5$ a game,and the 1 free one is garbage. ring tones are garbage.....they are all rap.90percent. and you can't download them, anywhere, on the internet...only from TMObiLE.2$ a song.Buy the alarm for 5$, its awsome.Camera is pretty bad, and flash is useless. But with all the other stuff...who cares? But, u can capture, a fun a moment..its good enough..Scrolling is super easy, very easy to learn and master.GREAT CALENDAR!as for using the phone to talk on, its a bit odd, it stinks for long conversations, but for long ones, i use speaker....I LOVE THIS PHONE! I'M ON IT 24/7.

This is hands down the best phone I've ever owned. I see other people have had problems with theirs and I can't fathom why. It seems that rather than switching networks (with this phone if you don't have decent service in your area with t-mobile's network, you can switch to another carrier's network) or calling technical support to investigate the possibility of faulty equipment - they complain.All I can say is: if you can't hear the person talking, turn the volume up. This phone is loud enough. I even have to turn it DOWN half the time. I've owned my share of cell phones and this one has volume superior to most. I don't mean to offend anyone here, but I seriously can't understand how the volume wouldn't be loud enough unless the phone had a defect or you have trouble hearing in general.In addition to having many devices in the past, I've been through a few companies as well: Cellular One (now Alltel), Sprint, AT&T;, and then Cingular. I never stayed with a carrier much past the contract expiration date, except for AT&T.; Well, Cingular took over and my customer service experience and phone quality declined greatly. So far, T-Mobile has been better than all of the aforementioned companies. I haven't tried Verizon, but from what I hear, once I do, I'll never be with another carrier. One drawback... no Sidekick. I've wanted to own a sidekick since they came out - it's always seemed so revolutionary a device to me.PROS:* large beautiful screen* very easy to navigate* syncs with outlook calendar, tasks, contacts (a MUST have) and easy enough to manage* all info is stored and accessible on T-mobile's website, so you don't have to worry about losing your data* phone allows for 3 pop accounts in addition to tmail account* FREE yahoo IM and calculator downloads* I can make phone calls inside my house and office - how many others can say that?! lol* had to call customer service and it only took 5 min and they solved the issue the FIRST TIME. (Top THAT, Cingular!)* no complaints about T-mobile service. I seem to always have reception for phone AND data* ok, the COOLEST part has to be that you can download the sidekick sdk and develop applications for your own device...too much to type here, the list goes on!CONS:* camera is low quality and the flash is a joke, but it works and that's not what i look for in a phone, anyway* notes don't sync with outlook* browser is a little slow, but turn the pictures off and its fine* short battery life, understandable with all it has to do!BOTTOM LINE: I'm a believer. Don't let the naysayers ruin it for you. The sidekick is not without flaws, but what is? Even so, it's WELL worth the $200 and the pros DEFINITELY outweigh the cons. I would order this phone ALL over again. I'm hooked!

Why is the Sidekick II unavailable now?!?!?!? I was planning on buying one for myself!!

I have been using the sidekick since it launched.  I have never had any major problems with it.  It used to have trouble connecting in some area but this new one is AMAZING.  I am staying connected everywhere.  It even works in the elevator of the building I work in and NOTHING ever worked in the elevator.  I am also holding calls when I drive through areas my older Nokia used to lose the call.  It is amazing.  I don't know how they do it since there is no antenna to raise.  The older sidekick had the antenna inside as well but this one is much better.This I really like, great IM functionality, really good email and I love the web browser.  It has a small screen but the web looks like the web.  It is really useful for winning trivia contests in bars!This new one is much thinner, much more comfortable to use as a phone and has a speakerphone which rocks.  And the keyboard is still the best for answering emails or firing off quick text messages that dont have to be abbreviated all to hell.Plus, every time I flip it open I think I am in the 23rd century.  Where is my hovercar?

First off, I love the T-Mobile Sidekick II, itself.  First, I have to rave about the excellent interface. It's so simple and obvious, anyone can figure it out in seconds. The keyboard is solid, and easy to type on. A few keys are in odd spots, but after a small time, those differences will be unnoticed. Email is easy to use and straightforward, just what I want in an email client. The AIM and Y! messenger clients are outstanding, probably the best interfaces on a phone. The web browser does a great rendition of web pages that I have seen on a mobile device.This brings me to the bad... the very bad.The service in the Seattle area is spotty, at best. Compared to another nationwide GSM carrier, T-Mobile's coverage is lousy. In buildings, I am lucky to get 1-2 bars of coverage in many areas, while the competition gets 4-5. T-Mobile's data network is a turtle at the best of times, and often unavailable. Even when the data portion of the T-Mobile network is available, there is also the intermittent Sidekick network failures, where the sidekick turns into a glorified phone. No IMs, no browsing, no email (although it will queue any messages written to send out when the network comes back).To be honest, I think I would be happier with a phone that wasn't so dependant on a server at T-Mobile that can go down for hours on end, which brings me to the 3 star rating. The device itself is outstanding. The service has me looking at other options instead.

I think this phone is one of the best it has internet, camera with flash, aim built-in, email capabilties, and much more I love this phone and getting one april 2nd and one more thing I heard the sidekick 2 is coming out and idk if you can upgrade it is coming out thin year thank you hope you found my review helpful!!!!!!!!!!

I have been using the T-Mobile Sidekick brand for quite a while now, and I have found it to be a very easy to use and highly functional. Dispite its bulky size factor, it's still one of the best devices out, even now that it's somewhat outdated.Pros:Nice ScreenVery nice full QWERTY keyboardEasy to use, you don't even need a manualSomewhat decent cameraGreat way to keep in touch with people over email, instant messenger (AIM and Yahoo), text messaging and phone callsGreat Applications to downloadGreat web browser, works at about a dial-up connection, but can vitually navigate through most websites, even myspaceGreat organizer including a To Do listNotepad great for... uh, taking notesGames for those who want themCons:Kind of bulkyCamera options limitedApplications are expensiveNot very many costomization optionsSomewhat boring phoneSome of the rubber buttons can fall off easilyOverall I highly reccomend this device. It's not very proffessional, but fun nonetheless.

Sidekick is breakable, so be careful when you carry it. Average 3 to 5 break per user.The sync by connect USB to computer, T-Mobile will charge you $30 for one-time unlock that allow you sync to MS Outlook. No Mac available.The built-in camera is great, but you will pay 25 each time you send the higher resolution picture via e-mail.Bright side, it's $30 per month for unlimited DATA plan. That's all I can said.

Has anyone bought a sidekick and new activation through amazon and was able to port thier old cell phone number to t-mobile?

I am waiting for the 3rd sidekick II device. Both of the previous devices had their LCD break internally (with grey spots covering the screen), and make the phone unusable. The phone did not drop - it just happens out of the blue. If it wasn't for the fact that I am already past the 30day trial I would switch to another device (and carrier for that matter)Other than that the device is really cool - but that's not enough - reliability should come first.

We've had the Sidekick II for about two months.  Although my 11-year-old likes it for its buttons and Gee Whiz value, I find it very awkward to use as a phone.  It doesn't have a normal keyboard, so you must flip the screen up to press the keys, then flip the screen back down to listen and talk.  When you get into a voicemail situation, you have to keep flipping the screen up to "press 1 for English", etc.  Very annoying.You also must pay an additional $20 per month if you want to browse the Internet, use Instant Messaging, or even Download Fun.  Otherwise, all you get is phone calls and text messaging (which is also extra).  Even the non-sidekick phones let you get T-Zones for Instant Messaging as a $5.00 option.Another gripe is that the phone is falling apart after two months of not very rough usage.  The screen no longer slips into place when flipped open and the letter "A" has fallen out.  It occasionally just freezes for no reason. The first phone I received froze up the first day and had to be replaced.The battery is built into the phone, so you can't take it out to let the phone reset itself.  No such thing as having an extra battery on a trip, for example.Internet browsing is cool, but so slow you think it stopped working.  I think some of the fault is just the slow connection, but the other part of the fault is that the phone seems to take a long time to actually build the web page it's trying to display.Oh, yeah.  Another problem is that T-Mobile expects you to pay $9.95 to set up your album on its web site, then 29 cents for each photo you upload to it.The phone is too large and heavy and has poor quality voice reproduction.  You can't use wallpaper and the ring tones sound terrible.Although it looks good on paper, it isn't really ready for prime time.

I got this phone for christmas. So when I got It I noticed that almost all of the calls I got were not sent to my phone so I took my house phone and I called The sidekick2 and guess what it didn't ring, it even didn't say missed call. Then  few Weeks latr the Camera breaks, When i go to take a picture it has a black screen. Another thing is the battery, The battery is located inside the phone so if your battery breaks you have to send it to T-mobile to fix it and it takes Around two weeks to fix and the insurence plan I pay for doesn't cover the battery. It cost me like $200. The service is just straight out bad I don't get service practicly any where.Please people don't bother reading the Teenagers reviews because they just use the aol instent messagenger they don't even care for anything else on the phone.I suggest you save your money and if you want a pda cell phone go for the palm treo's.

First, let me start by saying that I love this phone. I love the email function, the aim, and I especially love the keyboard, BUT, I've had this phone for less then a year and I already had to replace it twice for the same problems. My keys on the keyboard constantly break. T mobile said it problaly breaks so often because I use the keys too much...umm, is it just me or does that sound stupid!??!?! What?! am I not suppose to use the keys?!? Then what's the point?!?! If I knew this was going to be an issue, I wouldn't have spent $300 on this phone. I would have bought the razor instead.

This phone is great...  the browser is fast, the speaker is loud, and the keyboard is easy!  If your complaining about the camera, go get a DigiCam with more Megapixels - (its a phone!) If the web, email, and calender is not fast enough - put a wireless card in your heavy laptop!  The screen resolution is not bad for a screen under 3 inches.  It's for people on the go, not intended to take over your entire desktop's functions!  The phone is durable and quite small for its capabilities.  I recommend it to anyone!

I Have read what people has to say about this phone...and I agree.This phone is great in many ways but it has some drawbacks. The AIM and yahoo msg are great..internet is good..and of course its not fast..its wireless after all...I think its a great phone...i love it...i think that if you want to be in contact all the time and want email capability and even a camera..this phone is for you...I think its as good as cell phones come these days.

I purchased a Sidekick II a couple of weeks ago after hearing good things about it from a friend.  At first I was worried it would be too clunky and that the keyboard would be too difficult to use efficiently, but I quickly learned this to be untrue.  The screen has brilliant color and contrast, and the keyboard is easy to use and very responsive.  The software design itself is very well thought out, making navigation and control a breeze.  Kudos to Danger.  The phone is very good, albeit awkward to hold at times, and the speakerphone is the best I've seen on any mobile device.The only problems preventing me from giving this device a 5 were the fact that it isn't very customizable and it has a lack of PC interaction.  The background and overall "feel" of the interface can't be customized on any level.  On top of that, the Sidekick Developer's program has pretty much been shut down (to everyone but developers), so getting extremely useful 3rd party applications (like gMaps) are out of the question for most ordinary users.Overall I am very happy with the device and highly recommend it; though if you aren't an IM / eMail junky (like I am), I would probably suggest going the route of a standard cell phone.  Most of my communication takes place through instant messages and email though, so this phone is a dream come true!

ok im not trying to sound negative or anything but the T-Mobile Sidekick II is not a good phone to have it hides the antenna and it has no service almost ever I have had my T-Mobile Sidekick for about a year and i have been satisfied with it for about a week seriously do not buy this

I researched this phone for awhile before buying it, and found a lot of negative reviews. I decided to buy one anyway. This is a great phone! It has a great display, the camera is not grainy and is better than most camera phones. The sound quality for the phone is perfect too, including the speakerphone.  I have gotten service in every place that i did before i switched to T-Mobile. The internet is slow, about dial up speed, but that is a given, its only a phone not a laptop! Yahoo and AOL messenger work amazingly fast, and are easy to use.  As far as customer service, I spoke to several different employees on the phone and each one was helpful and very courteous!  Remember though, if you are a "business" person looking for a business type phone, this is probably not for you...as for every other person on the planet...GO BUY ONE!!!

Please anyone considering buying a sidekick II, think twice. It's good for data but real horrible for voice. I regret ever having it and just today, decided to smash it in half rather than putting up on ebay or selling it someone else. I don't want anyone to go through what I went through with this P.O.S. phone.

if you into e-mai la portable web browser and a phone ..it great not bulky and easy to figure out the feature without the guide book...better than the old sidekick ..a nice up grade..needs more acessories ..hope so in the next few months...

As with many prototype products that carries with it expected problem, this is no exception. This list of problems is too long to list in the short time I have. Basic problems includes keyboards not lighting up and not showing all characters, paints inside keyboard and on case peeling off in under a week, softwares have bugs and so forth.In time, these problems may be addressed and resolved. I recommend waiting until Danger and Sharp addresses these problem.

This is a great phone.  I got it for the web and organizer functions, which are great.  I was skeptical of the speakerphone capability before I used it - now I am happy to report that as a phone, and speakerphone, this is tops.  No more crazy earbud/corded headsets, no more holding the phone to my ear and getting cramps in my arm -- this thing is wonderful!  It is intuitive to use, and the instructions when you need them are clear.  One amazing feature is the desktop interface that means no cradle or usb cords.  I like having the ability to see all my functions on the mytmobile jump page, and sort through my e-mail, address book, calendar, to do list and notes on the large screen in my office.  The ONLY drawback is the non-java supported feature for the web.  This can be annoying if you rely solely on the sidekick II and have no other web access.  But given all the other features, this is chock full of fun and utility. BUY THIS!

If you think you spend too much time surfing the internet now, with a Sidekick II in your hands you will become a bona fide addict!  It's the ultimate `remote control' for the tech savvy multi-tasker.Of course the SKII is a bit larger than I'd like it to be but then again, I no longer have to carry my PDA, cell phone and laptop everywhere I go!  The SKII makes surfing the web easy, convenient and discreet.  The clarity of the phone is good and I love the speakerphone function.  The camera is decent - daytime pics come out the best!  I'm loyal to Nokia's but the SKII isn't too far off par - it is quite user friendly (if you are proficient with cell phones and computers) and it keeps me busy with all the customizations (ring tones, general functionality, downloadable programs).  And how can you resist a phone with a full QWERTY keyboard?!  I can type a message at normal speeds and I don't have to press a number a zillion times to get the right letter nor do I have to deal with the auto-text that ends up inserting the wrong word.However, T-Mobile service could be a little better... Granted, I do get more coverage and signal strength than Nextel (and T-Mobile does piggy-back off of the `new and improved' Cingular), sometimes my calls go directly to voicemail even though I have full bars (I'm in the SF Bay Area but travel to N. and S. Cali often).  As for Customer Service, I was able to port my number sucessfully and I haven't had a problem so far with incoherent or rude representatives, but I do find that they are not very knowledgeable.  If you have any questions about how to use your SKII or etc, I highly suggest you do a search on [...] first.  I get all my questions answered here. (i.e. The SKII doesn't support Java so if you were to check YahooMail on your SKII then you won't be able to reply to messages.  This really bugged me because I bought the SKII thinking that I could respond to emails in my Yahoo account.  So, I called TMO's CS and all they said was that the SKII didn't support Java and there was nothing I could do about it.  What they didn't tell me is that Yahoo has a non-Java based website for mobile customers which does allow you to check and respond to Yahoo emails - perfect.)Overall, I don't think I could ever go back to a regular ol' cell phone.  I love being able to Google something or check the Yellow Pages (no more $$$ charges for 411!) without having to be at home or even wait to boot up my computer.  And for the ultimate computer whiz... the SKII supports SSH and Telnet.

Yeah, okay it might be a little big or as some have put it, awkward at times, but these hassles are far out-weighed by this phone's overall utility and kickass-ness.  With this phone I have never felt more connected.  Text messages have never been so effortless and quick.  My emails from my Gmail account are sent swiftly to my phone.  It has transformed my life.  If I am waiting anywhere, for a bus, at the doctors, or just plain bored, I can browse ebay and other sites to my heart's content. With this phone, I keep in better contact with friends, send lightning-fast texts to my bf (he has one too and loves it), and check the weather. Seriously, if you are going to have a cell phone at all you might as well have one that has the capabilities to keep you well connected, well informed, and totally entertained at the same time.PS. Love the flip-over screen and keyboard.

[...]. The sidekick 2 is a great device, and I have owned one for several months. While it is true that the data was down for a couple of days last week, it was because Danger (the manufacturer of the device that also runs the servers that the sidekick uses to connect to the internet) was updating their servers.The camera, while nothing special, is a nice feature for taking those pictures that you'd never get a chance to take. You can send unlimited pictures to any email address for free- there is no extra charge, ever, and you certainly don't have to go to a website to get your pictures.For instant messaging, AIM works flawlessly. It was well integrated into the sidekick, and the ease of use is far beyond what had I expected- for example, you can switch between conversations by using the shoulder buttons, and when you are talking to someone and get a new message from someone else, a little number comes up in the corner of the screen, and you press menu-(number) to switch to that conversation! You get to access your ENTIRE buddy list, unlike other cell phones which only allow you to see buddies you but on a special "Mobile" list from your computer, which you can only have 30 buddies on at a time. The instant messaging is what I use the most, by far. I haven't tried yahoo messenger since nobody I know uses it, but I've heard that there are lots of problems with it. AOL Instant Messenger, as I said before, works perfectly.Web Browsing- Yes, the web browser is slow. Don't expect a high speed internet conenction when you buy this. It's using a wireless cell phone network! There are plenty of sites designed for devices like this, including many popular sites such as yahoo, amazon, etc. I suggest that you go to pdaportal dot com. You can find many mobile versions of sites here. Of course, you can go to the regular version of sites as well, but don't expect anything to load quicklyEmail- The built in email client is great.[...]. It makes it very easy to send off a message, attach a picture, etc. Your emails are automatically downloaded onto your sidekick, and you can have it alert you when you get a new message (you can choose from various blinking light patterns, vibration, sounds, or even download something else). You can also access your emails from your computer by going to tmobile.com, logging in, and clicking "desktop interface". (You can also look at notes you've made, your to do list, your calendar, and pictures you have taken from here). Back to the email client- you can also set up POP forwarding from your current email account- so all your messages from, say, your Yahoo email account can also be sent to your sidekick. (Note: You may have to pay your current email provider a fee to do this- for example, I had to upgrade my email to Yahoo Premium, which, for $20 a year, gives me 2GB of storage, POP forwarding, and various other features).The sidekick also has a to-do list, a notes application, and a calendar, all which are wirelessly updated between your phone and the desktop interface- so if you add a note on your sidekick, you can see it from your computer, etc.You can also use it as a phone, which has worked a lot better than I expected. It does have a speakerphone. You can also use the wonderful qwerty keypad to send out tons of text messages- unlimited, of course.Design- The sidekick will definitely turn heads. It is very cool looking, and is a lot of fun to use. The keypad is awesome- very spacious and comfortable to use. Due to the sidekick's innovative flip out design, the keypad is much larger than other phone-pda combos. For example, the treo's keypad is barely a third of the size of the sidekick's, and is a pain to type messages on.With T-Mobile, I am getting:-Unlimited Web Browsing-Unlimited Instant Messaging-Unlimited Text Messaging-Unlimited Picture MessagingAll for just a 20 dollar add-on to my voice plan! Shop around- There isn't a better deal!Aside from the poor camera, there is absolutely nothing I dislike about the sidekick II, and service from T-Mobile has been great in my area. For being free after rebates, nothing can beat this device!I hope you found my review helpful!

I'm one of the many who now cant live without this phone. It's ruined relationships because i like my phone more than my friends! (Just Kidding...sorta) I can't even put into words how this phone helps you simplify your life. This phone is unparalleled. My boyfriend gushed about it for a year before it was even released. The full keyboard will make it difficult to go back to texting with T9word on regular phones.As a device...I havent had any problems with the phone. It has a long battery life for what it does. I use it all day... and as long as it charged the night before, it lasts and then some. It charges quickly in the wall, not so quick on the car charger.The screen is scratched...but all cell phone screens get scratched. T-Mobile has a wonderful repair program where you pay a nominal fee and they fix the phone if it really bothers you. Totally worth it and better than buying a whole new phone like most other companies would make you.The flash on the phone isnt very strong but it is helpful in unlit situations. The camera takes a little time to process pictures so you cant take multiple shots (then again its not really meant to be used like a regular digital camera, if you want that, buy a digital camera). I love being able to talk to someone on the phone, take a picture of something, attach it to an email and tell them and show them exactly what I'm talking about. No more "you should see this!" because now you can show them immediately.Its also nice to have email on the go. I never have to worry about checking my email 5 times a day anymore or sitting around and waiting for an email. They give you a large amount of space to save email and pictures.I like the customability of the phone, you can change a lot of the action sounds on the phone to songs, beeps etc. It has a colorful touch button that can be used as a flashlight (menu+f). It also gives different color combinations for the type of alert you receive be it email, text or instant message.It has a mirror feature that allows you to make the screen dark and see your reflection  (menu+shift+m).Its a generally smart phone. They constantly take suggestions and automatically update your software through the airways.With T-Mobile's custimer service, innovation and ingenuity, I would recommend this phone for all the functionality you'd get in one of those bluetooth things but for a fraction of the price and double the functionality. Plus, if you're willing to sign a contract with T-Mobile, you can get the phone here on amazon for a rediculously small price if not free after rebates...

I started out with the sidekick color switched for a short time to the Blackberry 7100t and then came back to the sidekick II. I So love this phone. There is no other phone on the market that compares in many areas.Pro's -Super easy to use.Best messaging out therebest screen out therecrazy good data servicegood downloads for ringtones, games and appsGreat signal (I was in rural Kentucky and still got a signal)Very reliableBest Data/Voice plan with T-mobile -- I have been with T-mobile for 5 years or so and have tried other services during that time. No other service has provided any better phone, signal, or features for a lower or even a competitive price.Con'sIn order for service to remain good you have to periodically reset the phone. Dont know why, but when I do that it fixes any reception problems. T-Mobile techs said this was a good idea.That's it everything else is normal and great about this phone.Unless you need corporate email dont bother with the blackberry. It was the worst phone I have ever used.

The Sidekick 2 has a better form factor than the competitors such as Treo 600/610 and Blackberry offerings. It has a better more comfortable keyboard. It's more like a mini computer than a phone, which I like. It can fully multitask, unlike Palm. You can download a webpage, check email and chat on AIM all at the same time, unlike  on the Palm, which will interrupt the process if you leave the application. Further, the Sidekick II has both AIM and Yahoo! Messenger.I like the built in camera and I find I don't miss having a Palm at all especially now that you can use Intellisync with the Sidekick 2 to sync all your contact/calendar information with your desktop computer. I never really liked stylus input on the Palm anyway and again the keyboard on the Sidekick is a lot better. The Blackberry units are nice however I still find the Sidekick more cool, easier to use and it has better instant messaging capabilities.My only slight complaint is that the Sidekick 2 does not have a replaceble battery. I would much prefer to be able to swap out the battery.

I purchased the phone at an amazingly low price with all of the rebates ([...])!  It's definitely different from any other phone I've owned in the past.  The swivel screan was my favorite feature however, in the first week of using the phone, the screan broke right off.  I took it to T-Mobile and they replaced it.  Another week later, the keyboard cracked.  Then, the screan cracked.  I always carried the phone in the leather case in my pocket or purse.  I've never had a phone that fragile before.  I was at T-Mobile about 3 times a week with problem after problem, from equipment malfunctions to service issues.  After two-months of nothing but trouble, I paid the [...] cancellation fee (the amount I saved in rebates) and threw the phone out.  It just wasn't worth the trouble.

I love my SKII...I got it about 5 weeks ago and I'm hooked.  This machine is a girl's dream...Don't let these other people tell you anything different!Take a test run and find out for yourself!

First and foremost, you need to know this.Before buying a Sidekick, you need to see one in person. Find somebody who has one and hold theirs. You'll immediately realize just how BIG and HEAVY these things are compared to most cellphones.Assuming you're alright with carrying this around all the time, consider these points: the data speed is pitiful (slower than the slowest dialup), the keys are TINY, you have to flip it open to make a call if the number isn't in your address book, the camera has the quality of a Zapruder film, and it doesn't offer MSN messenger (which even my crappy Verizon LG phone has).If you're willing to overlook all of these flaws, and many more, consider that any call to T-Mobile will be met with a minimum of 10 to 15 minutes wait time and AT LEAST one transfer. When cancelling my service, I was transferred to 3 people and spent a half hour on the phone. NONSENSE. As if cheaply made, over priced products weren't enough...T-Mobile's customer service is abyssmal. I will never waste my time with them again.

I have had my T-Mobile Sidekick II for about 4 months now and I have NEVER had a problem with it. I get great reception and my web stuff is always working. I used to have Verizon and while I loved my phone, the service was too pricey and customer service literally SUCKED! With T-Mobile, I've gotten GREAT customer service and an affordable plan. The unlimited text and email are so convenient and have saved me lots of money. I recently went to Bethany Beach in Delaware and while I was ON THE BEACH, was able to web browse, text message, and even make phone calls while my sister who is a Sprint customer, was doing the lift and reach to get at least one bar or service and my brother-in-law, who has Verizon couldn't get any service whatsoever. I love my Sidekick II and find it to be the most convenient little knick-knack in the world. Remember, some of these reviews are written from locations in the US where T-Mobile does NOT have good service. But all is clear on the East Coast =)

I liked the original SideKick I so much I got the SideKick II.  Like a lot of us, we've gotten used to being connected via e-mail, instant messenger, etc.  With the SideKick, you have all the "connected-ness" you get when you're on your main computer.  Real nice to be able to be out and about but stay in touch with your friends and family.  For those that like corresponding, it real neat that you can write ANYWHERE, sitting in the park, hiking, etc.  The posts about the service interruptions are not fair.  I've had the SideKicks for two years now and there's only been a couple of times when the service went down.  Like the other poster said, they've been trying to respond to security issues and update their system.  To compensate users for the most recent outage, they gave all the subcribers a time credit for the outage and even posted some free downloads.  Join the wireless revolution and get on-board!!

Yes, I would marry it so don't ask.Anyway,  the phone is not that BIG.  I don't know why some people think it's an inconvenient size to hold up to your ear.  It's comfortable and the volume is so loud and clear, much better than my V400 or any other phone I had prior.  My internet access is faster than some dial-ups and with a calender, notepad and e-mail, it's a great organizer.  Also, when I'm out but want to chat, I can do that with AIM or download the Yahoo Messenger.Oooo, what else?  Pictures?  I can take pictures!  Granted, I had to return the phone because the camera stopped working a day after I got it but TMO was really fast at sending me a new one.  And now... I got great pictures.  And... all the info that I download prior (ringtones, applications, pictures, email, notes, events, etc.) uploaded onto my new phone almost immediately after I inserted my sim card.  Wonderful.FYI, folks, this is not a toy for the rookies.  If you can't figure out a Nokia 3390, do not get this phone!

ive had my sidekick for a few months now.  im happy with it when it works, but thats only 50% of the time.  i lose calls or they get connected to the wrong person...aim only works 1/2 of the time...and the service always seems to be unavailable...this phone is great when it works, too bad it cant work more

First let me say that this phone is awesome I have never had any probs w/it. Camera cld be better, needs mp3 player, & voice dialing, other than that it rocks!!! As far as the keyboard, I have had this phone for a year and I haven't had any probs w/ the keys falling off, next the camera well I have had a lot of phones before this & lets face it unless u get lucky no camera on any cell phone is good, & FINALLY you CAN send pic msgs to another cell phone by sending it to there phone number@thierserviceprovider.com next you CAN save an attachment on the phone if its a pic, however u have to download a pic transfer program from tmo, the one thing that I find totally awesome is that if something goes wrong w/ the SK2 everything you do to the side kick is saved,like ringtones, games notes pics well everything... And it all automatically comes back to the new sidekick when you insert your sim & power on.CONSYou can only download 10 ringtonesYou can only download so many programsKinda hard 2 dial while driving (voice dialing would help here)Can't change background picCan't delete applications that came on the phone.I think w/ a few revisions that the sidekick 3 will be outta this world!!!

I just got this phone through Amazon. It was a great deal with all the rebates but just keep in mind there is a $35 ACTIVATION FEE on this phone. I didn't read that anywhere on the product description or even when I was purchasing the phone. It just showed up on my first bill. Still a great deal though...

I have owned all versions of the Sidekick, from the black and white model, to the color and now the Sidekick II. I have to say if you are into sending and receiving data (AIM, email, text messenges, internet surfing), then this is the phone for you. The phone works good as well (love the speaker phone feature) but this is mainly a data machine ! The keyboard is the best on the market, typing is a breeze and fast. I'm in Boston and have no problem with a signal from T-Mobile. I do wish the built in camera was at least 1.3 mega pixel but the pictures are not too bad. I have shot some real good ones if the lighting is good and you're not too far away. This is not an MP3 player, nor is it a gaming monster (there are games available to download for a fee, there OK but not fantastic). I couldn't live without my Sidekick now, it has become a part of my everyday life and would be lost without it.

Pro's:Very easy to use.Qwerty keyboardOTA (Over The Air) software upgrades that add usability to it once or twice a year.Full buddy list loading for AIM and YIM.Synchs to both Windows and Mac computers.Large clear screen.Allow for export of web bookmarks.Use up to three Pop3 or Imap4 email addresses with it.Con'sNo external memory.limited camera memory.no Bluetooth.no spell checker for the emailNo Microsoft Exchange email support so no corporate email unless it is a Pop3 or allows you to login from the web.Overall an excellent device.
