
I have been using the T610 for 3 days now. I must say that I am very impressed with this unit. Firstly, if feels quite substantial for being such a small and light phone. It fits very nicely in my palm and does not feel the least bit flimsy. Also, the user interface is top-notch -- extremely intuitive and well thought out. I didn't even have to open the manual before I dove in and started plucking away at all its cool features. The screen is bright and the colors are very rich for a cell phone. The last phone I had was a Samsung S105 and the screen on the T610 beats the Samsung's by a long shot (and I thought that was awesome when I first got it. Ah, Progress...). The camera is fine, though it wasn't really a selling point for me. I'm a photographer and have a digicam not much bigger than this with a flash and 3MP res. It is fun to take a picture and immediately e-mail to your friend, though.The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because of two major gripes I have with the unit. One is that the battery, while very small and light, unfortunately dies very quickly. I blew through a full battery in less than 2 days (as compared to 3-4 days with my old S105). Also, the signal strength is very weak in my neighborhood and it picks up much less service than I used to get. In places where I had 3 bars on the S105, I had none on the T610. I'm not sure if it has to do with the lack of an external antenna, but it could certainly use improvement in the signal pick-up area.Overall, the T610 is a really great phone and I do not regret getting it. I would also like to add that the Bluetooth wireless headset that comes with it is pretty cool, but I don't get close to 30ft of range, even in a room with nothing in the way but air. Thanks.P.S. Just a quick little note: The T610 has one of the coolest rings I have ever heard on a cell phone. It's called Old Phone and it sounds EXACTLY like an old rotary phone. I think it's really funny having a 20 year-old ring coming out of a modern digital phone -- very ironic (insert eerie sci-fi noises here).

The Service is very bad. They took my phone for service one more than a month back and they have not yet returned my phone. I'm waiting for one month to receive my replacement phone.There customer support center is in Canada and the repair center is in North Carolina. And every time you call them, they say will get in touch with the North Carolina center through e-mail to know the status. This takes lot of time.I never expected this kind of a service from Sony-Ericsson.I will give -5 stars for the service

First off, i had the phone on tmobile for roughly 9 months, i have gone from loving it to death, realizing it small faults(quirks), to liking it, and then completly falling in love with it all over again. Tmobile service/Customer service has been excellent in NJ, only a few dead spots, but great coverage overall.Everyone here has mentioned the faults, i'll just reinterrate what annoys me personally...1. screen is basically useless in bright sunshine images are drowned out, but amazingly crisp in darkness.2. No speakerphone3. weak ringtone speaker, and increasing rings(cant shut off) easy to miss calls4. Caller id, does not indicate names unless they have been manually added to phone book, also doesn't display time of call if call was made any other day than the present.5. Occasionally freezing, would say once every 40 days of continous use( must remove battery to reset) works fine after.6. Signal meter is very conservative, competitive models show 5 bars for best signal, but SE 610 shows 1-2 bars if in the same location. reception quality is still excellent at 0-1 bars... strange, also is the rarity of seeing 5 full bars.7.Adding names to phone book is more complex than many other competing models, but calling contacts on the fly is so simple and quick.8.  Internet button can be pressed on accident while still in pocket, waisting minutes, thats assuming you didn't lock phone9. Display lights up when an button is pressed while still in locked position.10. camera is a gimmic, and is of no use to me, images are only ok to look at on the phone, not for prints.LIKEs...1. the phone has an amazing following, and is customizable beyond any other phone i've seen, case all the way to the themes, to the custom ring tones. Google it and see what i mean.2. Phone can be used on any GSM network and is very popular in Europe, thus one of teh best phones for travelers, just be sure to unlock it first.3. the clarity of the phone calls, far superior than any other cell i used4. Durability, it has been sat on, dropped on countless occasions, thrown across rooms, and yet there is barely any marks, looks almost as new as the day i got it(light scratching on aluminum, but no dents, dings etc).It feels solid, when held, and has a good weight for its size5. BLUETOOTH, THIS IS WHAT MADE ME FALL IN LOVE WITH IT ALL OVER AGAIN. AFTER PURCHASING A BLUETOOTH ADAPTE FOR THE PC, I LEARNED ABOUT FLOAT MOBILE AGENT, A MUST HAVE FOR THE SE610, IT SYNCS WITH THE PHONE, TRANSFERS ALL DATA ONTO PC AND VICEVERSA, WORKS GREAT WITH OUTLOOK. AND CAN CONTROL THE PHONE FROM TEH PC, EASILY SEND TEXT MSGES OR CONTACTS FROM PC TO PHONE, INSTANT OVER BLUETOOTH.6. CAN OPERATE MY PC FROM 30 FEET AWAY WITH SE610, USING FLOAT MOBILE AGENT. (OPEN POWERPOINT, WINAMP, OUTLOOK, DVD, MOUSE, YOU NAME IT, THE SUPPORT IS THERE) NEVER THOUGHT I'D EVER USE MY PHONE TO CONTROL MY PC, AND WITH THE COMMUNITY SUPPORT FLOAT HAS BECOME EVEN MORE AMAZING WITH EVERY NEW RELEASE, TOTALLY FREE TOO.7. small size, fits perfectly in any pocket8. For the price, there's no phone that i know that can compete with  this phone when combined with float mobile agent.9. Whatever everyone else said....And finally would i get another Sony Ericson phone?  YESThe potential of this phone is beyond what i expected, thats why love it.Final rating:Without float mobile agent it would be a 4 outta 5 stars, with it, it easily becomes a 5 star phone.thanks for reading and good luck with your phone search.

Though, I really have good credit, T-Mobile declined my orders due to credit issues. My credit score is 700+. I called them up and they said I need higher credit to qualify for this offer.However, you can order the same phone/service from T-mobile website or anyother dealer but not amazon.com. How stupid is that? I qualify for one and not for others.I am very disappointed with the fact the Amazon doesn't mention this anywhere in this offer.Just beware before jumping in for this one...

I have specific requirements and this phone fails for me.  I'm not interested in the camera or how pretty it is.  When I specified what I needed I asked for a triband phone with voice activated dialing that didn't weigh half a ton.Well it's light and it operates in most parts of the world but the voice operation has a complete mind of its own.  The phone keeps operating under the voice password in the car whenever it hears any sounds with similar cadences but the actual dialing instruction commands are usually not recognised.  The worst of both worlds!  Trying to make a call in hands free mode in the car could kill you if you persevered after the phone has refused to put the call through.Many of the functions connected with the &quot;In Car&quot; profile just switch themselves on and off without reference to you and while the keyboard lock does unlock in the handsfree modes it fails to re-lock itself when the phone is placed back in a bag or pocket.  So the first person in my &quot;Phonebook&quot; gets frequent back pocket calls!If Nokia did a decent voice activated phone, I'd be back with them like a shot.  The Sony/Ericson partnership may yet bring forth a great phone but this isn't it and I'm unlikely to risk buying from them again.

I bought this phone considering it is much smaller than Nokia 3650 and does not have circular keypad. The major issue is ease of use, No seperate keys for Talk and end call. Every time you are in menus you have to press back button, not able to figure out how to go back to main screen in one click. The back button is embedded in the middle instead of corner, thats easy to press. The picture quality is bad. Another good thing missing is speaker phone, wish they had it. If I dont get used to the interface, I will return the phone and go ahead with Nokia 3650, it is big but it seems to have all the functionality and ease of use.The good feature is it synchronizes very well with outlook but puts the company name at the end of person's name, Wish the sw can ignore that. I would also like to selective synchronization of names if possible.

I bought this phone (T610) 6 months ago. At first I loved it, but after a few weeks I started to notice how slow it was. Although it looks cool on the outside, there are too many problems with it concerning the price. The menus are complicated and certain processes take much longer than they should. This phone has freezed many times and is veryyy frustrating to use at times. After removing the back cover to change the camera reflector to the mirror, the battery moved, and I put it back in its correct spot. However when I turned on the phone, it says "No access." Do not buy this phone unless you like being frustrated and annoyed the majority of the time using it!

I've had my T610 + Tmobile for about a month now (So no word on the rebates yet) but as for the phone and service... I've been pretty satisfied.  I get pretty good reception everywhere... The phone is small and comfortable and everything seems to work on it without a hitch.  The camera is good enough for a cell phone... and the phone was more pleasing after I got a few new games/themes/ringtones on it via the infrared port.  The phone doesn't have all that much memory but I deleted all the predefined themes/songs/graphics (or at least all the ones it lets you), and that gave me more than enough.  It hasn't frozen on me yet (and mine came with the oldest firmware).  I heard upgrading the firmware resolves freezing issues, increases the quality/compression of the pictures, and overall makes the phone more useable... but I none of these things have affected me like others, so I haven't looked into how to upgrade it.  Unfortunately, you cant just update the firmware yourself...  Two of my friends also have the same package and are pretty happy with it.  I think most the reviews on here are just people who've had negative experiences...

I'd held off purchasing a mobile phone til one came out that didn't look like crap.  I was never a fan of the cheap plasticky phones that most everyone had.This phone reminds me of the Audi TT.  Compact, but with a solid, almost Germanic, feel and look.  And while it is a very good looking phone it's in a rather understated, utilitarian way.  It attracts attention, but it doesn't look like it's trying to.I've toyed with the idea of buying some new face plates for it, but after nearly a year, I find the jet black on brushed 'aluminium' is still aesthetically pleasing.  It's made of plastic, but it is so well done you could be forgiven for thinking it was brushed aluminium.The camera is nothing special to shout about.  Has a timer which is nice.  No zoom though.  Should someone prang your car it'll do a decent job of providing photo evidence of what happened.I would recommend it.  I've been on the look out for a new phone to replace it with, but have yet to find one that looks or feels better than this.

I've had the T610 for two weeks now, and it is everything it's advertised to be.  The user interface is nearly flawless, the buttons work &quot;bigger&quot; then they are, even with large fingers, and the clarity are stunning.  I have only dropped one call, and that was in downtown Dallas, among the large buildings.Now for my one issue...the power-down feature.  After 30 seconds or so of no activity, the screen goes power-down black, like a PC.  This in itself is great, it conserves battery power.  The problem is that it does this after ANY activity!  If you miss a call, or receive a message or a page, the screen displays a nicely designed message stating &quot;missed call&quot;........and then the screen goes black.  The basic situation is that, if you're away from your phone for more then a minute, the screen is black regardless of any and all activity on the phone.  And until you touch a button to re-activate the screen, you will not know!  This is a very irriating situation, and can be disasterous if your business or personal life means that you can't afford to miss calls!  It seems a rather large oversight on the part of Sony Ericcson's engineering design team...an almost total disregard to the user, and how we use our phones.

I'm on my second T610.  On some incoming calls, it rings once and dies.  Reboots, basically.  When the power comes back on, I get a blue screen with an hourglass for 15-20 seconds.  Sure hope THAT call wasn't important...The first phone had, forgive the hyperbole, wretchedly pathetic reception.  At the time, this was compared to my wife's Samsung e105 (which arrived at the same time) and some of the performance was chalked up to the internal &quot;antenna&quot; of the T610.  But when the replacement (above) came back from Sony Ericsson (hereafter, SE), it performed better than its predecessor.SE sent me a replacement because the first unit was unrepairable (their words).  The &quot;replacement&quot; was actually someone else's phone, complete with a full address book and customized lock codes.  That's right, I was locked out of my phone.  More downtime.(Did I mention that they took FIVE WEEKS to send me someone else's phone in the first place?  Couldn't even reset the damn thing for me.  Just threw it in a box, apparently.)Based on two experiences with a Nokia 3390 as a loaner, as well as the aforementioned Samsung, I urge prospective customers to consider either make before SE.  That is, as long as decent reception and audio quality are things you'd be interested in.The T610 does have several good points.  Clean, elegant interface, both in hardware and onscreen.  Small and light.  Bright, crisp display.  Many tasteful ringtones included by default.  (Seemingly a minor point, but those on the e105 are downright offensive, and proof that most manufacturers are targeting children.)  Bluetooth technology quite simply rocks, especially in the form of a wireless headset.If I had seen any of these demonstrated beforehand, I probably would have made the same mistake again anyway -- they're that compelling.  But knowing what I know now, I would probably pony up actual funds for a Nokia 3650.  Bigger, heavier, uglier, and a profoundly retarded interface... I would live with these shortcomings in exchange for the brand's better engineering and quality control.Now, to send my T610 back for a THIRD TIME...

I have owned this phone for over 5 months now, and am pretty happy about this.  The reason I got it was because our family decided to get the family plan, and [some company] ended up giving us 4 of these phones for free + additional rebates! Couldn't complain about that!In terms of the sleek-ness of this phone: It's great! This phone looks great and feels great when in your hand...but you will notice it is hard to push the buttons on the keypad.Signal reception is not bad, but very often the phone goes crazy for a few seconds and the phone call you are on, will go in and out.  I have had T-mobile send me a new phone twice, but that hasn't been resolved...I mean, it only happens once in two weeks, so its not that big of a deal.Now, when typing messages, its annoying because like some other phones it doesn't have the smart technology of figuring out which word you're trying to type.  For example, words that should be a given, other phones will enter it in for you, but this phone is not that smart.Interface Speed is horrible...it will take quite some time for you to go through the menus, just because the phone is very slow.  But if you aren't a tech freak like me, you probably won't notice it!Overall, I am very happy with the phone.. yea, you've only seen me complain about this, but thats because there are SO many other reviews that has its POSITIVE points, i thought i'd just share what you would have to watch out for!Happy Phone Shopping!

I got a postcard from Amazon.com stating that they could not honor my mail-in rebate because my receipt date was after the promotion period (which was NOT true and my receipt was in the promotion period).  I emailed back using the Amazon.com rebate information page.  All I got was the exact response stated in the postcard.  No specific dates were even provided.  I also faxed my receipts to a fax number provided in the email response but never got any response.I brought a cell phone from Amazon.com instead of some other websites that had lower prices because I thought Amazon.com is more reliable and will honor their rebates.  I was very disappointed with Amazon.com after such experience.

Bluetooth is cool, but this phone freezes up, randomly shuts down, and the camera sucks.  Too bad because the display is really terrific.

Well, unfortunately, I have had this service for quite a while, so I have a lot to say about it.I must accept, that when I lived in San Diego the signal was good. I moved to SanFrancisco Bay Area around 6 months ago , and got this phone. Since then, all I have from my cell service is problems. Not sure if this is more due to the new phone (Sony Ericson T610) or to the service.First of all, it looks like T-Mobile likes to make money on you every time it can, both when you expect it and when you do not. (Well, it was like that in San Diego too).Second thing, the signal in SFBA is not just bad, it is horrible.  The service is bad too. (....)Now about the phone. The soft that comes with it (the one that is supposed to send messages) crashes all the time on my WinXP. All the service packs are installed, so I have all reasons to believe, that it is their soft and not my system. Besides, everythign else works pretty well on my new laptop.The phone has no front cover, so if you accidentally forget to lock the keys, it will call anybody from your phone book. The worst case is when it connects to some T-Mobile internet service, because there is nobody on the other side to hang up, so you will have to pay for all the time it was online.It could be hours before you notice that.  Cool phone, huh?Me personally, two months ago I got a monthly billfor (are you sitting?) $426. I was not. No warning, no anything.Just the bill. When I called them, do you think they went down a penny? If you think "no" you are right. I had to pay the whole amount.Another story: they disconnected my service without any notice.I called them and asked what happened. They said, I owed them a payment and was 1 week late. You know, I pay all my bills as soon as I get them. I never got this bill, that is why I did not pay. Okay, they said, took my payment over the phone, and reconnected the service in two hours.You think, it was just a mistake, lost mail? I did too, until it happened to me again. This time, I did get a message on the phone: your balance is $108, if you do not pay we will have to disconnect you. I paid immediately via my Bank Of America billing services. However, the next day they called me and said, they were going to disconnect me immediately if I do not pay. I told them I sent the payment, they said, it was not good enough, and did not stop bothering me until I promised to complain to BBB. I gave them the B.O.A. payment confirmation number, but they still said, that it was not enough and my service could still get disconnected at any time and I would have to pay the reconnection fee. So I am waiting to see what happens.I have had so many problems with them, but I am on the plan,would have to pay $200 to cancel it. I got the phone directly from T-Mobile, not from Amazon.com. I have nothing bad to say about amazon.com, I love them! I hate T-Mobile, and hope that their low phone prices will not deceive you.Is anybody willing to get T-mobile? I have the rest of my plan to give out! Free phone! Just take it from me. Please please please! $40 for 600 minutes, nationwide coverage included, nights and weekends free. Try'em out, see for yourself.But I made my mind I will never be their customer again.

Let me first address experiance with T-mobile.I had a really bad experiance with T-mobile their service is really really bad and I guess thats why they are giving highest number of minuttes and best phones ,which are actually useless as u wont get any reception most of the time and when I tried to replace within 30 day trial period they are asking for full month payment??Lets get to the phone.The outer looking of this phone is very good big screen and crisp image, good camera, good ring tones and even u can create your own tunes.But if you are using this "gadget" as a "phone" it is bad idea to buy this one.Take Verizon instead of T-mobile.I have LG VX4500 with Verizon great service great phone works everywhere.I went to Carmel, CA none of my friend's cell phones were working except mine.

Contrary to what this site and T-Mobile lead me to believe, T-Mobile could not provide coverage at my home address.  This did not stop Amazon.com from selling me the phone, nor T-Mobile from transferring my existing (working) AT&amp;T number to their service (of course, this took two weeks and &gt; 10 phone calls).After receiving no reception, I called T-Mobile and was informed that they do not actually cover my area.I called AT&amp;T back, and they happily attempted to restore my account, only to find that T-Mobile refused to release the numbers.After a month of essentially no coverage from anyone, my phones are happily back on AT&amp;T where they belong.The bad news is that T-Mobile has sent me a bill for more than double the quoted monthly rate and Amazon.com has not refunded my purchase price.Even in areas where I could get coverage, the phone itself did not work well.  After pressing more than a few keys, the screen would lock up and I needed to remove the battery to reset it.Last warning:  Watch out for the charges for inbound messages--if you really dislike a T-Mobile subscriber, send them lots of text messages (free from their site)--the subscriber has to pay $0.05/message.

This has been the best cell phone/service combination I have had in my 5+ years of cell phone ownership.  I use about 2500 minutes a month and I couldn't be happier.  The phone is durable, has good reception, and is very advanced.  I will never be able to go without Bluetooth again.  Get the Jabra headset!

The T610 is a great phone overall - the free bluetooth headset works nicely, the infra-red connectivity and software provided on CD works flawlessly to transfer all Outlook contacts to the phone and the menus and features on the phone are all as advertised. Note: there is NO speakerphone despite what Amazon.com has on their phone data info. The headset jack is not the universal type, but the kit comes with a headset.T-Mobile has a swivel leather case for it as well for purchase or you can buy a universal type small case from other cellular companies such as Bobby Alison Cellular.The bad part of the experience has been to get my number ported over - T-Mobile has over 2 - 3 hours of hold time on their customer service lines!It is a lot easier to get a new account or to switch a number to a new account. But to get a transfer from other companies to an existing T-Mobile # that you get from Amazon - this is almost impossible!We have almost given up on it - the 3 times I have called T-Mobile customer service, they have lost my service request, mishandled it, have said cannot do it and once have been assigned a completely new SIM card and account as well!They claim it is a problem with AT&amp;T, but then when they tried to delete my request, their computer system would not allow it!Stay away from porting #s if you want to use this phone or be brave enough to wait for 3 - 5 days or never for it to happen!

I've had this phone for nearly 2 years and I have good & bad things to say about it.  I'll keep it simple:Pros:Excellent battery life- lasts at least three days even with heavy use & I still have the original batteryAttractive phoneVery user friendly - Make a call in only two button pushesprevious calls are very easy to accesspicture caller idorganizer is helpfulCons:Camera SucksIt I've gone through 3 of phone itself because of the spontainousfreezing problem that it has. The most current one I have had for a year with no more of thatIt does scream in my ear every once in a while with a one second long painful noise for no apparent reason.  It's just long enough for you to go "OW! What the #$%&?The phone is too smallThe buttons are tiny - my boyfriend hates itMajor annoyance: The microphone is overly sensitive.For example: If I am going through papers on my desk while talking to someone, the paper noise will be loud enough to be very distracting to the other person.  Background noise can be louder than your voice.No real music ringersSignal isn't nearly as good as my boyfriend's Nokia - We can be in the same exact spot and he will have 3 bars of service to my 1.Overall I wouldn't reccomend it.  If you want a phone with all the same features: Get the Nokia 3650.  That is what my boyfriend has and he works in construction.  The phone looks like it's been through hell and the only problem that he has ever had is tht it has a shorter battery life.  Plus his takes video and has HiFi ringers!

Like the styling but cannot stand the poor reception.  I also have a Sony P900 GSM phone and it gets better reception in side by side tests.  I do not recommend this phone.

This is my second phone, and I really enjoy it.  It has a lot of cool functionality for a geek girl like me... you can synch up your Outlook calendar, use bluetooth to send pics and rings and such to other bluetooth phones, play games on it, etc. The screen is really big and colorful, and the navigation is fairly easy with the joystick.  I really got it because of the joystick- it's something you just don't see on other phones.  The games it comes with are kind of lame, but that's just me- all I want is Tetris.  You can set it up so when someone calls, first it says their name (you prerecord this and associate it with their contact list entry) and shows their picture (same deal), then you can have a custome ring tone too... so it's nice, you don't even have to look at the phone to know who's calling.It does occationally freeze up, my only gripe- but that's what happens when your phone is more of a PDA than a phone.  Starting it up again is cake.  I do wish it had a little more memory.  Overall though, it's lots of fun.  :)

I have never been so irritated with any of my previous phone except this which is one piece of a crap. Please Please Please Please do not consider this as your next phone even if they give back $1000.

This phone has worked great for me. I have been using it for over 10 months now and have had no major problems.The only issue I faced was that once the phone got locked and refused to do anything so I had to reset it. And another thing that I didnt like was the ease with which it got scratched.Other thn tht its been a great reliable phone.

I'm fascinated with the phone, it's better than I thought.. The camera quality is not so good, but it exists and that's fine for me :)The battery is powerful! I've charged my phone 3 days ago and the battery indicator is near 35%! (And I use it ALL the time !)I've experienced some lockups but I've found in internet that it fixes with a firmware update, so if you have this problem, go to a sony ericsson service and ask for a firmware update..

Have 3 of these phones on my Family plan... with light useage (1 hour of talk and few messages per day) the phone needs charging every other day. The cameras picture quality is ok for phone to phone messaging but isn't suitable for viewing on a pc or for printing. Signal quality is good and the phone was able to maintain a constant connection for well over an hour to t-mobiles customer service and wireless data groups technical support. Works adequately with the Jabra Bluetooth headset. Voice commands work great in quiet rooms but its hit and miss when noise levels rise...and if your car window is open while on the road forget it..

I've had my phone for just about a year.  When I initally bought it, I was excited at having a smaller phone, but realized this comes at a price.  Let's just say it's the perfect size for the 18 month old I nanny.  Everything on the phone is compact so if you are over 5 feet tall, you may find you need to adjust the phone when you are speaking and listening.  The buttons are rather small and difficult to manuever if you don't have small fingers.  The sound quality is so-so.  It is lightweight (this is a plus).  If you are looking to take pictures with the phone, the quality is grainy (typical of the first camera phones).  After this phone, I've decided to go back to a flip phone because unless you remember to lock the keys you may find your phone dialing your contacts while it's in your purse or bag.  After my year with my T610 phone, I'm looking forward to trading it in.

Since 5 years I was using sprint phones with very easy and cool features. Recently I took Sony Ericsson T610 Phone (T-Mobile)and my problems started. I don't see one good feature. I don't know how people are surviving with T-mobile. I am thinking first time I took very bad decision with T-mobile. I'll strongly advise that don't buy T-mobile phones..

Bought a T-610 through T-Mobile with T-Mobile's promise that it would do at least as good a job as my old Nokia at basic phone functions, plus it had a camera and could connect wit the 'net.  In actuality, the T-610 is far inferior to the Nokia.  It drops calls all the time.  It often doesn't record incoming phone numbers. It freezes up about once a day. It can't send or receive calls from places the Nokia could, like my office.  I sent the first one back and got a replacement under warranty, but the second was worse than the first.  Shoot me if I ever buy another product from this company.  What an embarrassment for the grand old Sony name!

I have 3 phones:nokia 6610, motorola v60g and sony ericsson T-610.Even with a broken antenna the V60g gives me better reception than the T 610. I have T-mobile on all three phones, so the T 610's poor reception couldn't be because of network problems.The camera quality is pretty poor and I sorely miss the loudspeaker option that is present in the 6610.I feel that the next phone that I'll buy is going to be a motorola; their phones are very intuitive to use as compared to nokia/sony ericcson.Also, before opting for T-mobile - please please please - check the network connectivity in your locality. I have been hanging out of my apartment window for too long now to try to get a signal.

I've been a T610 owner for about 4 months. The phone has a sleek design, decent camera functionality, and well, I'll skip all the details you could get from an ad. Let's cut to the chase. The T610 is a horrible phone. A common problem among many T610 owners, is that the phone freezes for no apparent reason. You cannot turn it off, half the buttons malfunction, and you are left with removing and reinserting the batter more than a couple of times. This has happened nearly 5 times in 4 months. My sister can attest to the same problem.Here are more annoyances. You cannot disable Increasing Ring. The phone will occasionally fail to charge. Loading themes are slow. My final gripe is that the power button might be too difficult to reach.I think the T610 is a mediocre phone. Oh, I forgot to mention bad reception. Replacing my old Nokia 8290 with this phone was a bad idea.

I just bought phone and find it easy to use,easy to setup and also connect to other bluetooth devices.I only wish I could change fonts to larger size

I was scared to get this phone cuz of some of the negetive reviews that I saw but im happy that I got this phone. it is true that its hard to see the screen in the bright day light and I always have to wipe the screen of cuz it gets dirty, but my biggest concern is the reception of the phone. sometimes I dont have any reception but all I have to do is to look at the phone for few seconds and it would work, I still have not gotten the full reception in my whole area yet but it works just fine. I read a reviwe that says a bar in sonny ericsson phone means two bars in other phone and I am starting to believe that.

I bought this phone when it first came out so I've owned this phone for over a year now.  The major drawback is that the ringtone is hard to hear in any ringtone other than 'old phone.'  The features are very nice, but not being able to hear the phone ring is a definite flaw.  Even on the loudest setting, it is still too low.

I Want To Buy this phone at the given Price i.e.$125How do u Deliver itSend me E Mail on urvinay00@yahoo.com

This phone is great because of its huge list of features. Data can be sent in so many ways by this phone that it can connect to almost any other device in someway. It has bluetooth, email capability AND infrared. Not to mention text messaging and wireless web. The camera doesn't take high quality pictures but for quick snapshots it's pretty good. The bad things I have found are that it is often difficult to see the display in direct sunlight, and the menus are sometimes slower that I'd want them to be. Overall though, its inexpensive, has good battery life and is packed with features and I'd recommend it.

Well, ever since I saw the T-610 for the first time, I knew that it had to be mine, so finally I got it and I must say that I was really pleased with it, it fulfilled all of my expectations, it's classy design makes it look great, and it has a wide reception area so it's nice.Cons, there are always cons:1. The phone scratches way too easily, and that can get a bit annoying after a while.2. The camera ain't that good, but it gets the job done, after all, it's a cellphone camera, not a 700 MegaPixels, so nevermind.3. The increasing ring can get a bit annoying 'cause you can't listen the phone ringing and may lose a call.But that's about it, now the pros.1. The phone scratches easily, but Sony Ericsson includes a little towel thing to clean it up.2. Bluetooth. It's bluetooth conectivity makes up a big pro on having this phone, I've been playing games against friends using the Bluetooth device, plus if you have a USB Bluetooth adapter for your computer, you can download stuff and then send it to your phone, and viceversa, you can get online using your cellphone.3. Infrared. Another great conectivity thingie, which makes up for a phone that can send and receive stuff with other devices that have infrared or bluetooth (handhelds, PCs, laptops, other cellphones, etc).I could keep on going with good comments about the T610, but if you want a good looking, and good working cellphone, the Sony Ericsson T610 is the best choice, you won't be disappointed

Kudos to Sony/Ericss!!! The T610 does so many things well. The interface is well thought out. The camera software is fast and you can email the pic with a few pushes of a button. I see many others fumbling through many menus to send pics with other camera phones. You can also text or 'SMS' people with intn'l numbers at no additional cost (tmobile). So you feel like a part of the world with this phone. And you are b/c it's triband, so it'll work in many countries. Wow, the T610 is packed with features in a tiny package. I feel as if there's 75% of my home computer in my hand, communication wise.My mom and two friends (various cities) bought this phone in the past few weeks, and they're thrilled. We have a little T610 club just based on how functional and easy this phone is to use. We even send each other contacts right from our phone books, and the T610 saves it in the recipient's phone book (emails and everything). There's a function that does that. Now how cool is that?! And Tmobile's GSM network is proving to be quite sturdy and fast for all of us LA, Chicago, NC. The 'porting' numbers phenom must be killing AT&T.;Cons: 1> Now, don't drop it, the shell with dent.2> It's so small, no ear-to-shoulder talking maneuvers or you'll drop it.3> A bit of a learning curve to get used to it (worth it).4> Get over the fact that it's better looking and smarter than you.5> Like a cat it 'sleeps' at the time, and the screen is dark in this mode (saving the batt). But it jumps to back to life quicky.No phone is perfect, it can't be, but darn this is pretty close. Highly recommend this phone. And you see the how hot this phone is on Amazon, they're back ordered. The secret is out!!PS. Transferring my number took a reasonable four days, despite the horror stories.

well i like the product and it si strong seeing it alone u can say it is a nice phone that every living soul have to get he or she thanks

I actually switched from a cellular provider that I was happy with to T-Mobile just to take advantage of the rebates and to get, what looked like, a cool phone.  I do like many of the features but I'm also disappointed with the set up of this phone.  First of all, the headset and AC adaptor connection is horrible!  The attachments are cheap plastic.  My car adaptor broke the first time I tried to connect it to the phone.  The phone itself has a history of crashing on me like my PC.  I've had to remove the battery on several occations to re-boot my phone.  I now looking forward to the end of my contract so I can go back to Verizon and get another phone.

This IS a wonderful phone. However, if u plan to use it outside the US or send it as a gift to someone who lives outside the US, don't bother.  T-Mobile will put you through hell to give you the SIM unlock code so that the phone can bu used with another carrier. Beware.  I have a friend who is still trying to get the unlock code from T-Mobile since December 2003.  The phone itself is a good buy.  Great features, menus are easy to navigate, stylish design, but could have had video.

I bought this phone because Sprint uses it as the only Bluetooth compatible phone in their line of choices.  We have a new Toyota Prius and it is Bluetooth enabled for hands free use in the car.  I returned this phone after several days. The reasons. It is VERY difficult to read in direct sunlight. What good is a phone that has a screen that is hard to read outdoors? The screen type, even though you can adjust the size of it in some windows, is VERY small.  It is hard to read for anyone that doesn't have great near vision. Mine isn't perfect, I can read a newspaper etc. without glasses, but very small things require me to use a 1.00 reading glasses, (the weakest correction available) and with my sight some of the screens were literally unreadable.  Not so with my Samsung or other phones that I have had.  The manual is a waste of good trees. It doesn't give you more than the most basic information on the operation and set up of the phone, and for a complete description, it is necessary to go to the web for instructions.  The only reason to buy this phone in my opinion would be the Bluetooth feature, and that can be found on easier to use and read phones from other companies.

I gave this product 2 stars because of the following flaws:- (Very) short battery life- Lower than average reception- Very slow about trying to find signal after it lost it- Low res camera- Usability issues with menus- Screen scratches very easilyIt gets 2 stars and not 1 because of the following qualities:- Nice small size- Nice screenI owned the Sony Ericsson T300 and decided it was time to upgrade. I was excited about getting this phone but it's half a year after and I wish I hadn't. The battery life of this phone is very short. I have to charge it aproximately every 3 days (a friend has the same phone and has the same problem). One of the reasons might be that it has very bad reception and may be wasting a lot of power trying to find service (I didn't have that problem with the T300).The camera of the T300 was able to take pictures at 640x480(!!), the camera of the T610 can only take a max of 320x240. Quite disappointing.As for the menus, you can use the number keys to quickly jump to an option in the list. Unfortunately, the designers forgot to number the list! You can either count the items and figure out the number of the item you want, at which point you may as well scroll.

This handset is awesome. There is no problem with the reception also. It just works great. To test the reception, I changed my SIM to another phone that I had (earlier t-mobil handset) and the signal strength is the same. Apart from sleek looks and good batttery life this handset just rocks out of box. It has bluetooth and infra red connectivity other than tons of other features packed in this powerfull handset. I can connect my laptop to internet through the infrared connectivity of the cellphone (no additional stuff needed). It would have been better with few navigational shortcuts specially like entering a number in addressbook but I have seen no problem in using it. This phone has all the technology available in market except taking videos or listening to mp3 but for it's price, it simply rocks. Features to personalize (ring tones/types, pictures, shortcuts, browsing, alarm, organizer, voice memo, messaging/email, games, camera etc) are very cool. Reception is not a problem though I feel it's fine per t-mobile network. There are other carriers with wider netword but frankly speaking, in 98% of the times, that's not needed. I had been using Sprint for 3 years and have now switched to t-mobile family plan (my wife was using t-mobile for 2 years without a problem). This phone is GSM tri-band and works in most of the countries . Got for it and enjoy !!

the charger plugs in and sometimes no charging takes place till you jiggle it.  sometimes the connection goes away and the thing sits overnight and doesn't charge. it makes a poor connection compared to a male/female connection.the ringer and earpiece are the same speaker, so if you happen to have just put the phone up to your ear and a call comes in it blows your eardrum out. happens to me about once a month...

I have had this phone for about a year. It does NOT drop calls, it does NOT have terrible reception. Every gadget you ever own will give you problems once in a while, that is something it seems like every reviewer on amazon can not understand. I have had all kinds of cell phones (currently a motorola v600) and this one has been as stable or better than any other. The menu is easy enough to use. Text messaging is easy to use. The bluetooth is very easy to use, and I use it ALL the time with my headset. Sound quality is fine, at least as good as I've ever experienced. I also live in a basement apartment, so for me to get any reception down here (or any of my friends on any phone with any carrier) is amazing. If you are looking to save some money, and get a solid phone that does probably everything you need, get this phone. If you are looking for the phone god built, that does everything with no problems ever... good luck. YAY for this phone!

This phone looks really slick on the surface, in reality it is a rare piece of garbage. I had two of these phones for the last year or so and I can't wait for my contract to be over to throw this thing away and far. My biggest problem is that the phone freezes constantly. The only way to bring it back to life is to remove the battery. Sometimes it happens when phone is ringing, so you have no way to answer the call, although you see who is calling. The screen is unusable in daylight. The camera feature is embarrassing (they might have as well not included it), the quality of pictures in extremely poor.

Phone hungs and key pad locks some times.... Phone has more functionality but Sony ericson should invest some more money in Testing the phones.Signal strength is also poor when compared to other phones.

It maybe just one of the nice GSM phones in the world of GSM. However, it's the best cell phone available in the US!

I used to own a nokia 3650. That phone was great.. Had all of the toys and more. That phone was stolen. Now I have purchased the Ericsson T610. I am very unhappy with it. When I bought this, i was looking for all of the pluses like a camera, and bluetooth, infrared, etc. I was very disappointed going from my nokia. In comparison, the resolution on this screen is horrible, the screen is small, and the camera takes lousy pictures, and the battery isnt as long as expected, expecially when bluetooth is enabled. Overall, if you are looking for a toy, get something else. I highly recommend the nokia 3650. If you just need a phone to be a phone, get one of the freebies... I wouldnt recommend this phone though. Also the charger is horrible. It feels like it isnt in, and after using it about a week, its incredibly loose and loses the connection if you set it down the wrong direction.

The phone looks great and works nicely but occasionally it will freeze up -- then you'd have to remove and reinsert the battery. That is the only glicth I've encountered. I bought it using a coupon from UnderTag.com, so it was a real bargain.

This phone is unnecessarily complicated. The screen resolution sucks. The camera is virtually useless. Menu navigation is very cumbersome.The only good thing about this phone is, it gets you cash back. In short, I would not buy this phone again. I'm waiting for my contract to get over so that I can get better phone.

this phone is horrible! I have no idea what these people are talking about! Don't buy it it's a death wish!

The Sony Ericssion T610 is one of the best phones I have ever owned.Everything about the phone is good. The only thing that bothers me is that I have not been able to get a holder for the phone and I dont like it when it stays in my jean pocket, coz I always assume that its gonna break.I also got the Jabra Headset for 20 bucks.... amazing deal and a must buy accessory for this phone, specially konwing that it gets dirty too quickly.The photo quality is not bad for a cellphone.Overall I am very pleased with the phone.

Hi,This is my first Ericsson phone, and I think it's OK.  If you are like 12-21 and like "cool" features, you will love this phone.  I bought the phone with a service agreement, but otherwise, I am not sure how much it costs.  It's probably too expensive.Unless your parents are buying it for you, I would skip this phone unless you HAVE to see your picture in Color on the phone or play QBert.  The only really Useful feature is the GSM, which is good if you plan to travel overseas.Here are my comments about this phone.Bluetooth Works---------------I can transfer my phone numbers to my PC easily w/ Bluetooth.The Pictures are Cool---------------------I can take pix and use them as the background or Screensaver for my phone.  Since I am not a teenager, the coolness of this wore off after a few days.The camera can also take pix w/ "special effects."  Wow.  You can also email the pix.  This does not work for me yet.  I think I have to call my provider to have them fix my internet access or something, but I haven't done that yet.GSM is Easy to Use and Interchangeable--------------------------------------This phone has GSM and can receive a variety of signals.  I have not traveled with the phone yet, but my friend put his GSM chip into the phone, and it worked fine.  This indicates that when I buy a GSM card overseas, it will work with my phone w/o problems.Qbert is Fun and Has Good Graphics----------------------------------Ok, as you can see there is a lot of "useless" and "fun" stuff on this phone.  The software for the menu only has one irritating bug that I can see, but everything else works well.Having to Lock the Phone Sucks-------------------------------I would like to see this same functionality and quality in a Flip phone.Why?I still press buttons I don't mean to press when the phone is in my purse.Also, having to lock the phone is very irritating, and sometimes I forget to do it.

It took me months to check this phone and T-mobile service (while I was waiting for my Sprint service to expire) and I read most of the reviews here before I bought this phone. At some point I was just about to change my mind not to buy it because of some consistent reviews on serious problems, however, I made my mind and got the service with t610. I have not encountered any problems mentioned here except some shortfalls of the phone. Here are my experiences on the phone and the service:1. T-mobile coverage is not as good as Sprint in my area.2. My impression is that customer service is doing a good job.3. I have not been charged more than $35 for activation fee (i just checked my bill again)4. 3 band GSM compatibility is great.5. the phone has seemd to freeze once as was mentioned by many reviewers, however, one of the keys was stuck (thanks a lot for those reviewers who pointed this out), I popped it out and the phone ran with no problem. no need to shut it off or take out the batteries. (it's been 2 months and have not opened the case yet)6. yes its camera is no good, but u need a phone anyway.7. bluetooth is great with Jabra freespeak (good deal)8. under sunlight, the screen is not that visible. this is true. still you can see it, screen doesnt disappear entirely. this may be problematic if you wanna use the camera too, u dont see what u r taking.9. all the menu system is complicated (compared to nokia's practicality), however there are some shortcut keys you will discover, too. I totally agree not to buy this for your grandma. But again, the menus are not impossible, i did not need the manual to figure out how to input a contact info.10. battery goes for about 4 days (obviously depending on usage time) and charges fast (about 2 hrs I guess)11. this phone is not as big as you might think, it is relatively small, but has a bigger screen than many cell phones (that's why it looked big to me on the web) and joystick is very convenient.

Pro: Featuring the best high resolution screen in its category, SE T610 is definitely the best phone for those who want to have something not-that-expensive-yet-high-quality in their pockets. Simple, well designed menu, easy to use buttons and a powerful Li-Poly battery. Pretty, fast games (Java + Mophun)Con: Not the easiest to get it to work or turn off, power button too well hidden. Freezes every once in a while, which is quite annoying. 5 minutes on the charger solves the problem, but who has 5 minutes while on the run?

I was very excited when I first received this phone.  I loved the solid feel and construction, metal casing, small but evenly spaced keys, good keypad backlighting, large color display, and a host of fabulous features, such as voice dialing, integrated camera, and picture ID for messages as well as incoming calls.  Small and compact, it fits very nicely in the pocket of close-fitting jeans without making an uncomfortable or unsightly bulge.I was heartbroken when I realized that it had such a weak antenna that it dropped calls in some areas of downtown DC, which is unacceptable.  I had to trade the phone in for a much less sexy Nokia, which, while not my dream phone, at least works as a phone.If Sony Ericsson were to get the signal strength issues sorted out on this device, I would definitely go for it.  As it is, it won't do.PROS:- Small, compact design- Solid construction, metal case- Internal antenna- Beautiful MMS and SMS interface- Easy access to T-Zones- Built-in camera- Photo ID for incoming MMS, SMS, and voice calls- Fabulous color displayCONS:- Extremely poor radio reception- Extremely poor radio reception (oops, I repeat myself)- Display somewhat hard to see in bright daylight- Headset jack exclusive to Sony-Ericsson, which makes it difficult to replace the hands-free unit if you happen to lose it.It would be the perfect phone if it had a mini (2.5 mm) headset jack, and signal strength as good as my new Nokia.

The main reason I will be replacing this phone as soon as my contract is up is simple: the call log.1. As another reviewer pointed out, once a call log entry is over a day old, you lose the ability to know what TIME someone called. This is fantastically annoying.2. The only way to actually see the time/date is to sit on an entry and WAIT for it to switch from displaying the name/number to the time/date. One would think that by clicking "more" you could see the "properties" of the call -- but no.3. Also -- if you have more than 1 missed call by the same person, you get the following series of readouts. [name] (wait 2 seconds) [phone number that called followed by the number of missed calls from that number in parenthesis] (wait 2 seconds) [date of LAST missed call] (repeat)I really don't understand why they feel the need to aggregate my call listing like this. I don't understand why they can't just have a simple listing of calls dialed and calls received with date and time. I really miss my Nokia 8290.

I didn't believe the reviews for this product, and was seduced by the price. Yes, it is unbelievable. However, there is a reason this product is so heavily discounted. The phone can't even perform the basic functions. I am now on my fourth phone, and each of them have had similar problems...1. Phone freezes during a call, when answering a call. Which means you can't end the call without taking the battery out.2. My latest phone has now stopped connecting to the network, and so is completely useless.Be advised, Amazon will not exchange this phone for another one. You will be stuck with a phone that does not work. I am being forced to purchase a new phone on ebay just to use my service with T-Mobile.

The phone is slow, and the keybooard is too responsive.  Sometimes I press one number and it is dialed twice.  When I answer calls usually they are put on hold.  I wont buy any other sony ericsson product ever.  At least mobile phones.  Also, sometimes the home charger does not charge my mobile.  It is really bad.

I've had it for a few weeks, and I'd say the phone is decent.  (...).  The reservations I have are: teeny-tiny buttons, not particularly intuitive menus, bad bad bad camera images (288 x 352 pixels produces nearly worthless photos).  If you're getting this for it's camera ... keep looking.  Again, price is the recommending factor.

I have used this phone over a year now. This is a great phone. The best part of this phone is that it has a GREAT battery life -- the longest I have used. The voice and reception is great. It is small. The bluetooth works well. No problems with the T-Mobile service. Camera is not that good but I use this as a phone and not as a camera.

It is too late for me to anything. but I hope this will benefit future buyers. BAD signal is the biggest problem. I use to have Siemens A30 phone and the signal was great. But I have to say that I don't know whether this is because of the phone or  the server. But I guess it is safe to say Sony Ericsson T610 + T-mobile is a no no.

After reading a few 5-star reviews on Amazon, I decided to write a hopefully informative review to assist in another's buying decision.  To better understand the perspective of the review, I'm 30 and have used the phone in varied climates.I upgraded from a T310 and chose to buy the T610 based on its various techological improvements, including bluetooth, and its stylish features (Yes, I'm a sucker for shiny things).  I've had the SE T610 for about a year now and I've used it in northeast NJ, Germany, and eastern Africa.While I was in Jersey, I used a prepaid T-Mobile SIM card and much to my disappointment, the reception and sound quality was very poor.  Most times, I had to step outside of my house to make calls and when I made calls on the road, the calls would frequently be cut-off due to reception.  I did some reading on "professional" reviews and found that reception was often a vice of the T610.  Although I was disappointed, I wasn't too dismayed because I knew I'd be using most of the phone's lifespan in Europe.True to my expectations, when I brought it to Germany and popped in my T-Mobile SIM card, it worked beautifully.  The reception was faultless and the sound was clear.  However, it should be noted that T-Mobile has a monopoly in Germany, so there's no reason why the only cell provider should be bad.When I brought my phone over to eastern Africa, I tried inserting an MTN SIM card to no avail.  The phone was locked.  After deciding to pay to have it unlocked, I found once again that the phone worked like a charm.The problem that I had with the T610 in the states could be attributed to the freq of 850 vs 900.  However, I haven't heard any such complaints of other phones using the same freq.  Ultimately, I decided that I want an international phone, one that I could use even when I'm home in the States, so I decided to get a Motorola E398, the one featured on the Black Eyed Peas video, Let's Get It Started (?).  My choice was based on usability.  I have yet to hear someone complain about Motorola's reception quality when moving around, my foremost concern when choosing a _mobile_ phone.  As far as I've experienced, Sony Ericsson has some work to do in that department.  As far as everything else on the phone including connectivity via IR/BT, battery life, etc, I have no complaints.A few post-review comments:1. The SE T610 attracts fingerprint smears easily.  The shine is hard to maintain (Another reason why I chose to replace it with the Motorola E398).2. The screen isn't TFT so it's hard to see w/o the backlight and in the sun even with the backlight.  The T630 addresses this issue as well as it's problems with reception.3. If you must have the T610, I'd recommend the T630 (option to have it in a matte (?) black to somewhat resemble the black/silver of the T610).4. I hate writing reviews so I hope this helps someone.

I LOVE this phone! Its tiny but you can still hear wonderfully (and the other end can hear you clearly). It has soo many features &amp; I love the joystick which makes navigating through nebus so easy.

phone is very good with all advanced features

I've been using 3650 for over an year and changed to T610 for obvious reason - &quot;right&quot; size. This is my first few daysPros:1. Right Size2. Auto-lock feature3. Ringtone composition - I dont know if I can do this4. Downkey automaticaly brings the entries from address book5. IR, BT &amp; triple-band - all for FREE - Priceless!!! Same with 3650 too...6. Ergonomically - very meticulously - designed7. Intuitive menu8. When you exit WAP browser, the connection to internet is automatically closed.9. Quicker menu response10. WAP browser and navigation is also faster11. Came with a CD to sync with PC. I guess I need to buy the cable.Cons:1. No memory card as in 36502. Poor screen resolution - 3650 is just great3. Poor battery life - it just sucks the power. I've turned off my BT &amp; IR. With 3650, BT was always on and it still did very good.I would recommend this for any free phone shoppers.Mahesh

the freaking power cable quit working w/in a few weeks and neither t-mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $20.  Sony took my address and said they would, but it never showed up.Well the phone is rugged!  It's been 3-4 years and it still works.  It went through the washing machine and half the dryer.  It was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes-  it keeeps working.The blue tooth syncs w/ my pc and tells me where to go etc.  I buy  a $25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes.  It's been a great little phone.

This phone has bad software and also hardware. I have this phone and it reboots whenever there is less signal and I am on the call.Some time it hangs forever, you need to remove the battery to restart that. Beside this the conductors (charger and head phone) are bad after a while the phone stop charging. I complained about this to t-mobile and they have given a new phone (T610 again) and I am using this, don't know how long I can use it. One of my friend also got this phone and his cell phone stop charging after 5 months. I am now desperate to get any Basic model of Nokia phone instead of this. T-mobile has condition where they can't exchange with any other model if it has crossed more than 2 weeks.This phone also doesn't have good reception.The camera is not great.Ring tone is good.If you seriously looking for bluetooth, camera and infrared feature, I will suggest for Nokia 6600. In my family plan the another phone is Nokia 6600, it has very good reception. Beside this it has good speaker phone, ofcouse the camera is much better than T610.

I purchased this phone thinking I was upgrading from the T68i and was sorely disappointed.Technically speaking the phone has1) horrifically bad reception2) bad voice quality on either end--it's hard to hear others because it picks up too much resonant noise3) bad legibility on the screen...that's euphemistic...you can't see anything on the screen at all when you're outside4) it freezes constantlyI am not the tech wiz...I like to have a powerful phone that works well but may I assure you this isn't the one... it's getting returned.

You want one of the best cell phones in the market , this is what you're looking for! great size, lots of great functions, very complete. The digital camera it isn't that geat though  , but it can be very funny.

This phone does not deserve a star, and neither does the T-Mobile service. Just because it is affordable does not mean it works. This phone needs to be charged constantly, does not ring loud enough, and the internal antenna is so small you experience a change in call quality if you walk past a tall building. Horrible phone, terrible service, yuck. The only redeeming feature was the Bluetooth, and it still did not sync correctly with Macs without additional software. Garbage. DO NOT BUY THIS!

As a whole I would not recommend this phone to buyers.Yes, the phone is small, "cute" and has nice accessibility to volume buttons and there is a cameraHowever :- the camera has poor resolution- t-mobile reception is awfulin places where other cell phones with tmobile received one or two lines, mine had no signal.after leaving some place where there was no reception and going out into open air, the phone takes upto 1.5 minutes to pick up the signal (sometimes it works if you turn it off and then on again)many times when i change time zones, the cell doesnt pick up the new time and date.- the SOFTWARE HANGS!!the software is awful - it hangs at least once every 24 hrs and often times more.that's enough typing for now...i would suggest you look for a better phone...

This phone speaks to me.. it advises me on the right diet, the right women, proper attire, what's right and wrong. It reads me to sleep (it even lets me pick the book, usually 'Goodnight, Moon') and wakes me up and enourages me that my hair really does look good.It's even my own private detective, it told me my girlfriend was cheating on me and it even shown me the pictures on it's beautiful crisp digital screen. The answers to life lie within this creation. (&quot;Mr. Ericsson, I'll be right there I'm writing a review. Oh, ok lets go to the park. You know it is raining, you're so spoiled.&quot;)

Before I get into the T-mobile drama, let me start by saying that I really like this phone.  It is so cute!  The color display makes me so happy.  It definitely appeals to my girlyness.  It fits perfectly in my handbag or clutch.  If I want to go without a purse, it fits in my pocket.  However, it is so small that I do have to pay attention to my keypad presses because I have made a few dialing mistakes.The sound quality is very good.  I like the camera it is good for impromptu pictures with my friends and co-workers.  Also, the schedule feature takes the place of my Palm.  Also, the Bluetooth technology is a great feature because I can use the Jabra wireless connector OR use it to connect to the integrated phone in my car.Now for the drama....T-Mobile doesn't have it together.  I understand that the number portability thing has been in effect for less than a month, but it seems like NOBODY knows what in the world they are doing.  The first customer service rep said that because I purchased the phone online that there would be difficulties transferring my old number to the sim card.  The new number would have to be deleted from the sim card and replaced with the transferred number.  I was transferred to another customer service rep who said the EXACT OPPOSITE.  I was then transferred to someone else who told me that the number was approved for processing.  Go figure!Another caveat...T-Mobile activates your account as soon as they receive your credit information from Amazon.  So my account was activated a week before I received the phone.  So, be sure to call "customer service hell" and make sure that they credit your account for the days that the phone was in delivery.

I got the t610 through T-mobile and bought on amazon... therefore I will recieve cash back for buying it. a lot, apparently. so, can't beat that...Others have truly criticized some things about this phone. some of those criticisms are valid and others are just kind of silly. Here is my own list.good things:-- bluetooth is indeed flawless with a Mac (OSX) and I assume with windows too. I had to buy a $40 usb-bluetooth adapter for my older powerbook. I make full use of the Syncing of my address book and iCalendar (I use both applications intensively and recommend them.) you might need to fiddle with what time zone you tell your phone you are in, or whether you tell the phone it's daylight savings time -- sometimes appointments get translated to the other device one hour off.-- physical design is sharp and the large screen is great and impressive. the user interface is just very crisp and impressive, like you're looking at a recent computer OS. I wish some of the downloadable Themes i find on the net were as good as two of the ones built in ("T-mobile" and "magma glow.")-- having bluetooth and infra red is cool -- I was able to beam pictures to the photo printing kiosk at my locan drug store using IR.-- camera is cool... yes, it's only limited size and not incredible resolution, it's for FUN, not art.-- the user interface makes up for some of its frustrating slow aspects by having a "shortcuts" menu on the home menu that you can customize, bringing almost any feature to 3 clicks from the home.-- some cool games to download. Townsmen ($5) is fun, like a mini simCity... but the backgammon game I bought is slow and absurdly graphical... god, anything for a bare bones backgammon game like on the nokia!bad things-- reception for me (T-mobile in washington DC) is sometimes disappointing. granted, I live in a cellar. but I think there's a chance that other phones on T-mobile, using different frequencies than this one, will be better.-- the user interface is not as crisp and hyper-smart as on my nokia phones. sending a text message can be a ridiculous experience until you learn to use various short cuts. Even if you are sending an sms to someone already in your phone book, it COULD be click-down-click-click-click-type message-click-click-click-scroll to address entry-click-click-click.  Absurd -- some of those clicks are in effect telling it, for instance, that you want to scroll through your address book entries in the phone, not the ones stored on your SIM chip. they could make that a default. Fortunately, unless you are un-techie, you learn shortcuts. (1) hitting left on the joystick from the start takes you to a blank sms screen. or (2) you can program stuff into your "shortcuts" menu. (3) they thankfully, like in nokias, attach numerical values to all menus, so you can just tap your way through common choices.-- yes, it is a drag that you can not turn off the ascending ring feature... fortunately for me, I prefer that setting.-- god, I wish it would simply automatically erase old entries in your recieved and sent SMS messages folders. it doesn't, so every once in a while you must manually clean them out. Nokias are better that way.-- it is true that reading the screen in the bright outdoors is hard. bummer, but fortunately not THAT common a problem. the T630 (the next version) is supposed to fix that.

The best phone I ever own..........and besides that got it for$100.00 with $100.00 rebate !!!!!!So it's considered free.....from an independent dealer inside Sam's Club..Then go grab itguys......................

I was lured by this phone sleek looking as well as the Sony label. Poor Judger I was! Here some of the many cons:1-Extra-light with the least shock-resistance frame. Expect alot of scratches from nowhere.2- Worst keypad I have ever seen.3-Software glitches: Expect the phone to freeze while callling and dont be astonished by as many as &quot;10 mintues&quot; to get it up and running.4- Low battery lifeAll in all, I dont think that this worth the buy.

I've had this phone for just over three months, and I'm pretty happy with it.  The phone's features have been discussed here and elsewhere in great details, and I won't spend too much time talking about them.  It hasn't frozen on me once, and performed well overall.  I would have given T610 5 stars if not for the following:1. Screen is barely usable in bright light.  Scratch that.  It is not usable in bright light at all!2. Synch. software bundled with the phone screwed up my Outlook installation: messages stopped arriving automatically, and I had to check for new messages manually.  I am now using generic Bluetooth synchronization service, which unfortunately only works with contacts.3. Battery life could be better.  It's not bad - the phone lasts a couple of days of occasional use with Bluetooth always on, but it could be better.  Your mileage may vary though, because battery life does depend on signal strength, and T-Mobile coverage in my house is pretty bad.I have found quality of the images produced by the phone camera to be so poor that I can't even imagine any use for the camera itself.  I didn't expect it to be any good, so I suppose it &quot;met expectations.&quot;Other notes: Jabra BT-200 headset works great with this phone.  Voice dialing works reasonably well, especially with longer labels.  For example, I couldn't get it to recognize 'dad', while 'father' worked fine. I  never thought I would like the ability to change themes, but I do!  Be sure to visit myt610.net for a great selection of free themes, rings, games, and more.Again, I'm pretty happy with the phone overall.

Let me get right to the point...I really like this phone.PROS: Can't beat the price (as of 12/21/03 it's $-100 with the free jabra BT headset), it's very nice looking, great screen and colors, very user friendly and intuitive (for example all calls are stored in one list, instead of three sperate for missed, dialed, and recieved), bluetooth ease-of-use is best on the SE products, the Jabra headseat rocks, I really like the sound of the ringtones and ascending ring, the PC sync is great (never again will I have to hand input my contacts), the sound quality of the phone is A+, the recent firmware significantly improved the phone's ability to recieve and hold signal (even with 0-2 bars, my phone hold signal much better than my old AT&amp;T S56, I rarley have break-up and have yet to drop a call).CONS:  The black part of the phone really attracks fingerprints (I am constantly wiping it off), the signal meter is very hyperactive (goes from 0-3 bars like it was skiing moguls / yet calls still remain connected), there are no talk and end buttons (the phone uses &quot;soft keys&quot;), camera is no so good (I don't care, for me it's a gimic, but some might), no belt clip included (some phones throw them in, and it's nice when they do), small buttons are a litte hard to get used to (I don't mind, I had the T68i and this phone and once you get used to them you won't even pay attention to it, but if I let a pal make a call I get some complaints).  All in all, my beefs are pretty small and mostly just of the pet-peeve variety.Now, let me talk about Tmobile: Coming from AT&amp;T to Tmobile was like flying from winter in Michigan to the Bahamas.  AT&amp;T's wait time for CS was absymal, while TMob's is a minute or two.  The CS people are VERY friendly and helpful, the prices are great, my port went very smooth, and so far my phone seems to work better than AT&amp;T where I had signal problems in my home.All in all I would say to go for it if you are considering this phone!

Well, I've read everyone else's reviews and I must agree that this little phone is really feature-packed.  Great color screen, bluetooth, good reception, decent camera, user-friendly enough for me.  BUT...  The reliability is absolutely HORRIBLE!!  I've owned the phone now for 4.5 months and I'm TIRED of all the freezing up!!  It is so frustrating!  I consider myself to be a very patient person, and if my phone had not locked up PERMANENTLY I would probably still be using it (and tolerating its freezing problems) today.  Unfortunately it froze on me a few days ago and no matter what I try -- removing the battery, removing the battery and SIM card, praying, voodoo, etc -- nothing helps.  I haven't tried the hard restart since it would wipe out my entire Contacts list.  Instead I called T-Mobile and they will be replacing it with a phone &quot;of equal or greater value&quot;.  Of course there's no guarantee that the new phone will work with the $80 Jabra FreeSpeak that came (free) with the phone!  Get the Nokia 3650 instead -- it's a very nice phone (though kinda big) and is recommended by Leo Laporte (the Tech Guy).

Great phone! Why? Because...1. BT...got Jabra headset - wireless is so much better!2. beauty of a screen...really!3. Irda...I have a Sony NX70 Clie and can beam addresses, pictures etc to it, even calendar appointments.4. tiny.5. it has a quality feel to it, not the cheap plastic feel.6. quick access button for internet.7. battery life- can go 2-3 days w/o recharge.8. personalize it like you wish/pics/themes.9. sound quality is very good.10. if you need it, it has a voice recorder, notes etc.Misses: poor camera pic quality; charge plug has to be pulled out/feels like it will break one day.Overall, excellent.

The phone has all the fashion stuffs except the signal. I cannot receive calls in my office building and at home. Even if I put it near the window, it also cannot find network some time.

I got my T-610 cell phone about month ago. The signal was very bad either in office or at home. It lost signal very often at home. I had to go out to place a call or recieve a call. Or I had to go second floor and open the window for a while before I make a call.It was very frustrated because you could not use it when you need it.

DO NOT use T-Mobile.  The $35.00 activation fee is a lie, they will ask for twice as much to activate your phone when you call them.  Their customer service is famously bad.  Avoid at all costs

So far, this has been a great little phone.  I travelled to London and southern U.K. and it worked like a charm receiving and making calls to the U.S..  The calls were just as clear as calls in my hometown.  I would give this product 5 stars, but the battery usage isn't as good as other products I've used (much better than Nokia and Samsung but not as good as Sanyo).  Also, setting the phone up isn't as intuitive as a Sanyo, but once you give the manual a quick review, it makes sense.  Overall an excellent product and T-Mobile is a very professional and service-oriented carrier.  P.S. You can get this product cheaper thru Amazon.com than T-mobile employees can!!

This is the best phone of its time.I can't find as good a phone as this one.I really miss it.

Let me say that this phone is good. Let me clarify some of the complaints made by many people..People say reception in this phone sucks. Actually its not true, I am saying this after doing a lot of research. Sony Ericsson measures reception differently...So 3 bars in sony ericsson might equivalent to 5 bars of nokia or other brand. One great thing about T610, is that it hardly drops calls. True that at some places, the 610 has only a bar while other phones might have 2-3 bars. But even at 1 bar, the voice quality is absolutely perfect, no distortion and calls dont get dropped even at one bar while other phones do. So if one says that reception of SE is not good just coz it shows less number of bars than other phones, then they are wrong. Also i feel this reception has to do quite a lot to do with the network. I travelled abroad and used this phone in 3 other countries and there wasnt ANY reception problem at all, whatsoever.It's true that its kinda difficult to see the screen at daylight, but seriously speaking, its not that bad. I mean a person with normal eyesight can see the screen at daylight, though it may be bit hard,its not that bad, and thats no way a reason be negative about the phone.Camera, ya, there are better camera phones in the market. I personally, didnt go for the camera, so that wasnt a problem for me. If you are for the camera, then you can go for other phones.This phone camera , is not bad..i mean ok.I mean there are worse camera phones in the market too. This camera when compared to all the camera phones, i would mark it as average.Sound quality is superb.I just love it. Some people may say that its difficult to hear. Actually that very much depends on the phone the person uses to speak to you. So dont blame your phone for it.Ya , the ringtone is increasing, but it increases veyr quickly, in the sense , after just a ring or so, its comes to its normal volume, so it is quite unlikely, one would drop calls.Shape looks really cool ,elite,small, elegant...latest technology, bluetooth...its a really nice phone. I would definately give it a 5 star. Those giving low ratings on this phone, please read this review again and hopefully you'll understand that the phone is not as bad as you thought.

I have had this phone for a week now and today I had to go exchange it for another one. The phone suddenly will not turn off and has a blank white screen. It won't do anything. The man at the T-Mobile store said the battery stopped working properly and I needed a new phone. The battery was charging all night long and then this morning the battery died. It is extremely hard to get reception. I am in a major metropolitan area in Southern California and have to try at least twice to make any calls, to find a signal, which is a weak one at best. I am very disappointed with this phone and with the fact that I will be without a cell phone for 5 days while I wait for a new one to ship from the factory. Hopefully the newer one will work better.

I just got this phone last week and I cannot stop talking about how great it is.  It's small, lightweight and it has a camera!  The camera isn't the best I've seen on phones, but it's pretty good for taking quick snapshots of things you want to remember.  The screen is large and easy to see, and the backlight is very bright.  The best thing is the reception on this phone.  My house is in a bit of a dead spot, and on my old phone, the people I'd call would complain about not being able to hear me, but with the new phone, I don't have that problem.

i can see that this phone is very spectacular and i always like to make and receive my calls on it.

I have had enough problems to last a lifetime I guess. I moved from Sprint PCS to T mobile (thinking that their Service was good). I think I was wrong in doing that.The Sprint service was working fine. My Sony Ericsson phone does not have any reception at all in my office & has a Lousy reception at home as well!!!!!!!!!!T Mobile sent me a replacement Phone & as well as the SIm card in the hope that their service would improve. Unfortunately (to my horror & utter dis-belief) the service is no better. The service is fine after I checked the SIm on my friend's phone which is a NOKIA. T Mobile refuses to replace the phone with the same features...I will have to shell a good amount of money as well....All in all SOny Ericsson T610 is not a good one. At best I can say that it is a good one by itself..but not for T Mobile I guess.

If you're used to the Nokias and the Samsungs, you may find navigation a little hard..Be warned: If you try installing Sony's IR Modem Driver on a computer (with IR port or even Bluetooth) running Win XP Professional ( mine has Service Pack 1) as per their website instructions, you may end up freezing your computer. I didn't use Bluetooth. I had a similar problem with IR enabled on my Toshiba Tecra 8100 as soon as I installed the IR driver in the computer's "Phone and Modem Settings" option.See the link [...]

dnodelius,FYI:1. To enter a pause: hold "7"2. The voice issue you described has nothing to do with the phone itself but with the carrier (T-Mobile).You can switch off the text message notification by calling your voicemail and change your settings.3. No problem with Bluetooth connectivity with my T610 bought through Amazon. Mine has Firmware R1S001 and built 03W43 fyi.Some mentioned RF issues, personally I am really happy with my T610. I tested it in NY, NJ and South FL and I got better reception and sound quality than with my Nokia 6610.I recommend this mobile.Hard to resist the price too  ;-)

To be brief, this phone has a long list of features (bluetooth, camera, color screen, etc) but it lacks in the reception department. On AT&T;'s networks my phone gets poor signal quality where friends' phones--who also use AT&T--get; good reception. Apparently this is a known problem and SonyEricsson "fixed" it on their new T630/637 series.If you purchase this phone, please test it everywhere you typically make phone calls; you may find that it does not work.

I've had the T610 for 4 days now and I feel that I've learned enough about the phone to write my own review. I think it's a great phone and there are already many reviews highlighting its features so I won't go over those.Instead, I'm going to write what I don't like about the phone.- It's a small phone, even compared to my Motorola V66. Because it's not a flip phone, it's hard to listen and talk at the same time. Yes I hold the earpierce to my ear, but I find it so much more comfortable and clear with my old flip phone.- Since there are so many features, it takes some navigating to get to what you want.- The reception actually has not been bad. The reception fluctuates from 2 to 4 bars where my V66 maintains a constant 5, but the phone still gets reception. Compared to my roommates T616, which is the ATT's equivalent of the T610, he gets no reception at all where I can get 2 bars.- no speakerphone- the headset that came with the phone was broken, but i can get it replaced- The biggest GRIPE I have about the phone is that it restarts by itself in the middle of my phone calls! It's happened many times already in the 4 days I've had it. I called CS and I was told to do a 'Master Reset' but still did not help, so it is not a software issue. When I opened the backcover to check the battery and immediately the battery fell out! Perhaps it is the design of the phone but when I told Tmobile this, they said they're going to send me another one because that should not happen. I read alot of reviews for the Nokia 3650 and the T610 before I made my purchase, and the reason I didn't go for the 3650 is because I read that it restarts itself for no reason, and now it's happening to me with the T610!It's probably just bad luck that this is happening to my phone but If I had the choice to pick a new phone, I don't think I would go for the T610 again. The features are great and it looks sleek but I would go for a flip phone for its small size without the compromise of voice volume and clarity.Hope this helped.

I bought this phone without service plan (249.99 $). I come every year to Hawaii to see my parents but i live in Tahiti French Polynesia. When i came back to Tahiti, my local sim card could not be read. So now, i have a phone that works only with T-mobile who is not represented here. I can not have my phone unlocked : amazon said it is the problem of T-mobile, T-mobile said i have to answer directly Sony ericson who cannot help me... I am extremely disapointed.

Well, I've owned this phone for a month now, and I think it's safe to say that it's quite good. Personally, I think the phone performs great, and I've managed to squeeze up to 4 days out of one charge. And while the signal bars often only stays between 2-4 bars, calls are still surprisingly clear. My only complaints are that the phone's camera isn't as good as other phones, and that it doesn't ship with a connectivity cable. Otherwise, this phone is one of the best phones I've ever used.

The T610 is relatively small, which personally I love, and it's loud, which is awesome when you misplace it like I do everything.  I adore this phone, but I have two major issues with it.  First of all, the camera is not all that great.  Unless there is a LOT of light, you won't be able to take any good pictures.  Second, if it's really sunny out, you will barely be able to see the screen.  It gets annoying sometimes.  Otherwise, this phone is pretty useful.  The interface is easy to learn, and (my fave) the text messaging feature is also useful and convenient (except for the T9 thing-- you might wanna shut that off real quick).  I get a very strong signal almost everywhere, except when I'm surrounded by cornfields in the middle of nowhere (understandable), and the sound quality is very good.  If you find a good deal on this phone, take it.

I ordered this phone from Amazon on Dec 12, and still havent received the phone (Jan 26). Amazon keeps delaying my order and their present shipping expectation is Feb 27.thanks amazonadarsh adarsh

I've been using this phone from the past one year. Like any other phone this phone is also not perfect, but hey I got all I wanted from my T610, it never disappointed me.What I like :1. Tri-Band :: Many people think that any tri-band phobe can be used overseas. Not true!. Because 900/1800 MHz GSM is standard. With support to 900/1800/1900 MHz T610 is a true world phone.2. Battery Life :: Very good battery life - one week without charging for me. I generally charge only during weekends.3. Reception :: Very good reception even in basement. This depends on your location too. Occasionally, between cities on the highway you may notice black spots for 5-10 mins. - Noticed it only once though.4. Look & Feel :: Very handy and looks little geeky :)5. Bluetooth :: Nice add-on. I love my Jabra headset.What I didn't like1. Sluggish Java :: Performance of Java is very sluggish. Loading of games can take 20-30 secs. (At first I thought I've to reboot)2. Camera :: Not worth mentioning. Very poor image quality. (What else can you expect from a &lt; mega pixel camera).3. Memory :: Very limited memory and no expansion slot :(4. Voice Dialing :: Doesn't work very well. Agreed, comes handy while driving. Make sure to roll up all your windows and turn off radio.5. Joystick :: Not real joy operating it.Overall, I think it is a good buy. Esp if you are looking for a good true world phone with nice battery life.

If you want a phone that looks good, then this one is for you. But if you're looking for a good phone, this is not the one. The phone locks up every now and then. When it does, I have to turn it off, then on again to use. Also, the joystick is too sensitive, hard to click 1 and get it do what you want it to do.Volume is also too low, can't hardly hear it ring.2 stars for the look only.

One of the worst.  Bad picture quality.  Slow Operating system.  tried to capture certain things from Nokia but didn't do a good job.  screen freezes up frequently.  and worst of all... slow!!!also, terrible phone log system.

I am using this phone for 2 months.The first month it worked fine,then the problems came.It goes off automatically,some times the calls drop[i know it depends on the carrier.The most annoying of all ,the phone hangs up [like a PC].The only thing i admire bout this phone are the really cool features and the stunning looks.but whats the use if the phone goes dead .I think Sony Ericsson's got to do something about this.Thanks guys i hope this review is useful to you.

I got this phone because it was supposed to be such a great phone...and now don't get me wrong the phone works great as far as being able to talk and hear the other person...but when you look at  the features you'd think it does a whole lot of stuff too, well it does. BUT, it doesn't do awhole lot of stuff too. I think it maybe it may depend alot upon who your service provider, so be sure to check that T-Mobile hasn't reprogrammed your phone to do alot less than it's capable of.  I can't even download games. As far as firmware goes, I have had a hell of a time finding that. I'd like to undo whatever T-mobile did do just to have the functionality it would have origionally came with had they not screwed around with the original software.

Pros:1. It has all the cool features such as Java,Bluetooth,Camera, Infra red, WAP Browser.2. Light weight3. It has auto key lock, so although it is not clam shell design pressing keys in your pocket is not an issue4. I can download free MIDI from web to my laptop and upload via IR to the phone. Don't have to pay for ring tones.5. You can upload animated gifs for screen saver.6. It is 3 band GSM. Works all over the World. (where GSM is available.)7. I can even transfer files from my pocket pc (infrared) to the phone.8. Operationg system is skinable . I found nice free themes and installed them on the fly.Cons:1. Camera is joke. Quality sucks. Forget about taking pictures in not so bright areas. Camera feature is not more than a cheap toy.2. Bluetooth file transfer sometimes crashes the operating system. I had to remove the battery to reset the system.3. It is complicated to use. Not for people who only want a simple phone. I wouldn't recommend this to my GrandmaConclusion:If it breaks, I will buy the sameone again.

This phone has terrible reception.  Forget what you hear from these people that say Sony Ericsson has a different type of signal indicator and all that crap.  The simple fact is that this phone does not get a signal, or gets a weak signal, where some other phones like the V300 get a good signal.  In addition, even when this phone has a signal, it still cuts in and out during calls.The microphone picks up a ton of background noise making it very difficult for people to hear you when you are anywhere with any noise in the background at all.The camera on my phone has a horizontal line going across the middle of the phone.  This may be my particular phone.  Besides that, the quality of the camera is very poor compared to other phones.The phone freezes up at random, requiring you to turn the phone off or take the battery out to get it to restart.  T-Mobile suggested a master reset, which incidentally wipes out everything you have saved on the phone, including settings, contacts, appointments, pictures, etc.  Not convenient.  Anyway, it seems to have solved the problem for the most part, only hanging once since then.I would like to point out though that T-Mobile has very, very good customer service.  I have called in several times, at different times of the day, and have never had to wait on hold for more than 30 seconds.  With AT&amp;T, waiting 30 minutes to an hour is normal!  And that's assuming the system doesn't hang up on you.  Also, my girlfriend has the Motorola V300 which works very well on the network.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  Get the V300.  You will thank me for it.

That summarize the whole problem. this phone freezes once a while. Poor connection. poor quality

I have had this phone for 14 days and I'm already fed up with it. I'm a gadget person, I love the bluetooth feature about this phone and the fact that I can just play something with my keyboard and drop it in the phone's "sounds" folder and vola, I have a new ringtone.Here is the problem, you can't use it with phone cards, basically you cant punch in too many numbers without it slowing down too much to the useless point. Say you need to check your bank account. You call the toll free, you start punching your 16 digit number. You comlete the 16 digits but the phone is not! Halfway through, your bank systems responds "that is an invalid card number" and quickly shuts up to wait because your phone is still sending the last 3 remaining digits to your bank. Basically you can't use it with phone cards sine you need to dial a 12 digit or so phone card PIN number, then dial your destination which in my case is 15 digits so the phone completely stops.The phone freezes for no reason. The black buttons froze on me tonight and even removing the battery did not work. All the other buttons were working thought but useless. I couldn't turn the phone off using the button either.I am actually on hold on the Amazon's secret (800) number which T-Mobile ended up giving it to me. I couldn't find it on amazon.com. I have been on hold for 15 minutes already.

I pretty much agree with all the reviews.  The phone is a great looking piece of rubbish!  My aim was to find a small, sleek, simple/contemporary looking phone.  I found the look but sacrificed everything else I needed in a cell phone.  As with the other reviews, I found that the phone would OFTEN lock up when ending a call or even when simply navigating the functions.  The only remedy for this was to remove the battery and re start.  It would also constantly ask for a time confirmation while sending messages or when activating the unlock keypad feature.  Despite the locked keypad, I could also switch on the key pad, switch off the ring tone, call friends and activate the web browser, all without me knowing.  The scroll device could also be so sensitive that I would end up in functions I didn't want.  The camera is a gimmick.  Probably added at the last minute to keep up with a camera phone market, it was only just ok to take a picture in good light, when perfectly still and reasonably close, otherwise a hand drawn sketch would be better.  Other issues included a weird, high pitch squeal in my ear from time to time, too many steps needed to navigate ANY function, a poorly visable display when in sunny conditions, and the occasional call dropping.  With all that said, the old fashioned ring tone option did seem to impress both friends and strangers alike.

I was very hesitant in getting this phone because of the horror stories I have heard about T-Mobile's service and coverage area.  Being a Sprint customer for years, I love the quality of CDMA phones but crave all the flashy features that GSM phones offer at rock bottom prices.I purchased the phone locally at a T-Mobile store and they charged me only the tax ($32.00) for the phone and offered me a $100.00 refund from T-Mobile.  I have yet to receive the refund but the phone would end up costing me -$68.00 with only a one year commitment.I was able to use Bluetooth to browse for pictures I have taken with the phone and synchronize my contacts in Outlook via IrDA.  I thought I could've sync via Bluetooth but I guess I was mistaken.  Please let me know if you can.The signal strength for T-Mobile is not as strong as Sprint.  However, it wasn't entirely terrible.  I am able to receive and make calls without alot of dropped calls.The phone itself is a beauty.  With that many functions, who can ask for anything more.  Well, maybe a flash and a zoom feature on the camera.  :)  I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I have had this phone for around 3 months so far. I really love the appearance of the phone but it is very diffacult to do some things on it. For example, it is hard to text message compared to other phones. You have to click the numbe rof the letter yiou want and then choose the lettrer and hten press ok for each letter instead of clicking or doubleclicking th emumber of the lette ryou want. Another thing was that it is perhaps too small... that i always would lose it in my purse. But the camera works ok, I might add the nokiA 3650 WORKS MUCH BETTER AND HAS A VIDEO SURVICE AS WELL..)My dughter has the Nokia 3650 and it has much better fixes and easier to text. It also takes pictures much clearer and has a better screen even thou it is big. I wished I had choosen that phone.

Other than the bluetooth (which is wonderful), this thing is a major pain.  Batter runs down fast; keys are too small; menus are convoluted; reception stinks.The camera is ok, but not at all essential...as is the color screen.

I continue to be impressed with the multitude of features this phone has. Everything from its chip memory to recording conversations to text, email, picture messages and so on and so forth. It does maybe one hundred things and not one of them it does well. The features I have used include pictures, contact management, emailing, and text. I have not had the opportunity to use the Bluetooth features. The camera takes grainy pics that look horrible even when there is enough ambient light. Perhaps on the surface of the sun there is enough light to take an adequate picture. Absolutely forget about taking pics indoors; even with the &quot;night mode&quot; turned on.My primary complaint however is that it uses contactors on the bottom to attach the headset in lieu of the standard headphone plug. I prefer talking on a headset because the phone itself is too small to talk into and gets uncomfortable in a hurry holding it. I also appreciate having my hands free while on the phone especially while driving. These contactors often get dirty which mean they don't make contact and fail. This leaves you wiggling the wires yelling "Hello? Hello?" and blowing on the bottom of the phone like you would for your old 8-bit Nintendo system until you are fed up enough to simply pull it. I could easily solve this problem I suppose by buying a Bluetooth earpiece. Yes, all it would take is a $90 earpiece to fix a phone that cost me $99.The same applies to a charger where the two copper strips are to make contact, it rarely does. You may think your phone is charging all night but has really sat idle. The view screen although nice and pretty to look at is useless in brightly lit areas. The screen simply isn't bright enough to read on a sunny day. The network isn't developed well enough in S Florida to handle the new, what's it called GMS network.There certainly is a lot of sizzle to this steak. Primarily it is a cell phone. As a cell phone, its terrible. I expect this phone to be a terrible day planner. This phone will do anything you could ever want a cell phone to do as long as one of those things isn't talking to other people.

1 I dont understand why companies insist on using the arcaic copper strips under the phones anymore. A real headset jack 2.5" is the best and most space conscious design, plus it does not stop working 3 months latter due to dirty contacts! The headset jack is much smaller, less cluncky attachments, less prone to breakage, less prone to dirty contacts, a far superior design that has been out for 20+ years and is very universal use it please!2 Same issue with the power plug, use the standard circular power plug please! Same benefits as above!I love this phone but the headset is totally useless now because of flaky connections as is the power connector. I hate plugging in the phone overnight to find out, yes it was hookedup but no the battery is still not charged. Or being in the car with the headset and I can hear people but they cant hear me. VERY ANNOYING! Beyond this great phone. Oh yeah and the camera is useless but that is not that important to me so no prob.

The screen is small. the picture quality on the phone itself is not that good. Although it's great when you transfer pics to a computer or print it out.My phone hung up on me quite a few times. then after 10 months, it completely stalled. can't get anything done. you have to reload a new software.memory is 2MB only! no upgrades to more memory nor video.

I've had this phone since February 2004, and have had nothing but problems with it.  Dropped calls, spotty network, and VERY poor customer service.  I have called T-Mobile on numerous occasions and it would seem that the only job of the reps is to pacify you and tell you that the service will get better.  I will not, however, resubscribe with T-Mobile next year, if they do not clean up their act.  I was told that I would get reception at my house.  I have to walk 4 blocks away for one bar of signal.  Little things like that add up.  The camera, games, etc. are useless without good solid signal service, and this is where T-Mobile fails miserably.

I dont have one but my coach does, and when i have to call for a ride , it is the highlight of my day, well other than practice.  Anyway, this is so fun, so many features.  What are you guys whining about? This is a awesome phone.  If you dont like it, you could write letters or some thinng dumb or pointless.

This phone is a cool looking gadget. Light, very protable and the graphics are really nice. The only problem is that I have changed this phone twice and still has some glitches when dialing or during conversations. It will randomly shut off and sometimes it takes up to 20 minutes to turn back on. The reception is decent, depending on the plan you may have. I will definitely look for a better phone next time. In the mean time I will have to call customer service for the lack of signal I have within the T-Mobile area.

I bought the T610 predominantly due to the 'free' deal on amazon, and secondly hoping Sony's quality would speak for itself. (I am a Nokia person, and had to put in a lot of thought to choose a phone that wasnt a Nokia).The phone finally arrived, quite decent to use, though i'd still rate Nokia's software to be more user friendly than Sony's. There were certain functions which i had to hit quiet a few keys to get to, when simple thoughtful additions in the software would have made using the phone a little more pleasurable.  Talking about software, the reason i call this phone unreliable is 'coz, the darn thing freezes !!!U dont want ur communication device to crash on u.The display is great (one of the best), got great bluetooth capability, (especially with the Jabra Headset, which is useful, and looks cool), and a camera (which i've no need for).Great features, but dependability?? Its something akin to 'The surgery was successful, but the patient died' kindof a thing.and as luck would have it, the crashes became more frequent after i crossed the 30 day period of purchase from amazon. so i cant return it, and the only option i have, is to either repair it, or get a refurbished one from T-Mobile.but i've asked a few friends of mine who have purchased this very model, and who dont have a problem with it.if you dont mind the risk of gettin a faulty phone and if you dont mind the odd crashing of your phone, either while dialling a number, or while accessing the menu, and you dont mind slipping the cover out, removing the battery, and sometimes removing the SIM card,and putting 'em all back on, then you might find the phone great, else dont even touch it with a barge pole.

Before you buy anything from Sony Erisscon, try their "support" site. The Contect Us pages have been broken for months, they have extremely poor after sale processes.I would not buy another, you can choose for yourself.

I got this phone a year back,i had a Nokia earlier.I never had a problem with my Nokia.But with this one even after a year i never hear it.Mainly in crowded places etc,its never heard.The menu is difficult to Navigate and also everything needs lot of steps.Im just waiting for the year to get over so i can rid of it.I dont recomend it to anyone

fact is it's liable to have more features than you need. yes there are a few things that cell phone gui afficionados quible about, like the dark clock in sleep mode, but, don't you wear a watch, too? no matter, i found plenty of resources about this phone online such as Howards Forums, do a search for it.  i recently dropped the phone in the kitchen sink while doing dishes (don't ask). I was PEEVED! I nearly spoiled my pants i was so angry. it looked like a little pocket-sized aquarium with no light... so i laid it out on the patio in the sun for a few, then the next day i lit it up and it worked, though the lcd screen was tweeked. so i went on ebay and bought a &quot;sony-ericsson t610 lcd screen&quot; for $31 and installed it with photo directions on the forum and a Torx-6 screwdriver. Up and running again, connected to my Apple with a USB-Bluetooth adapter, and i kid you not, i'm not going back.... good choice.

Six months ago I bought 5 of these phones and took out a family plan for which I am paying $100+/month. In my family we have found the T610 to be less than an ideal cell phone. The most serious problem is its poor reception. Put this phone side-by-side with a Nokia and the Nokia will pull in a signal when the T610 will not. The color screen is nice, until you try and use it in sunlight - simply put, you can't! The screen appears totally black in sunlight and is completely unusable. I'll stop complaining about the phone right here, because those are the two big issues.T-Mobile's coverage is patchy at best. Even in a region with &quot;excellent coverage&quot; like mine, there are a significant number of pockets with low or no reception. Sadly, one of those pockets just happens to be my home. We have three phones here and can't use them. I rang T-Mobile and told them this. They assured me they would investigate and contact me again within 36 hours - they didn't. One week later I got a postcard in the mail telling me how great the reception in my area was... just in case I thought otherwise. I have complained about this but I don't expect a positive outcome.The T-Mobile plans are also troublesome. They give you a WAP-enabled (web browsing) phone, they tell you that your plan has WAP access, then they don't allow you to use WAP. The only site you can access is the T-Mobile site telling you to pay more money for WAP access. This has upset a lot of customers but T-Mobile's attitude has been &quot;OK, then sue us!&quot;. Some customers are doing just that.So the bottom line is that there are better cell phones out there, and T-Mobile as a service has issues that need to be weighed in any buying decision. My advice is to be very careful before jumping on this, or indeed any other cell phone deal. Ask you friends and colleagues how happy they are with their cell phone plans.

I just love this phone. It has been with me for a year. The phone is small, tiny with good looking front screen. It has a bluetooth technology which simply is great. I have dropped down this phone like 4 times but it stills works - thats good. And the best is it has good colorful displays and ringtones.

Good job SonyEricsson - T610 is a well thought upgrade to T68i.So about a year ago I wrote a review about Samsung S100 and Sony T68i. I opted for T68i for all the features it had to offer. You bet T68i was SLOW! But 610 is much faster and slick! For all those who have had T68i, you will love T610 and for those who are new to the Sony Ericsson world here is a detailed review for you.I'll speak more from a usability point of view rather than feature listing - you can find features on various websites.Let's start with Pros:- Its small, light and easy to carry (even in your shirt pocket)- Keys well lit / well spaced (important for small phones)- Large screen and pretty clear (some people complain about reading under direct sunlight - its not convenient under sun but is usable)- With phones entering the PDA/Camera/MP3 player market and having too many features, SE has done a good job of organizing all its features under 12 icons. (Pictures &amp; Sounds and Profiles have overlaps and could be handled better)- T610 introduced a back button which can literally take you back to any previous screen!- Bluetooth / Infrared makes life easier - easy integration with your windows networking and MS outlook- Very useful "options/more" button: so imagine having the options you need at every point available at the press of a button. Very good planning as phones become more complicated and have only 16-18 keys for user input!- Glad they swapped the button for space and punctuations while writing messages from T68i. Makes them in agreement with the other mobile manufacturers.- Reception / battery : "just acceptable" but not top of the line.- Audio pretty clear- Polyphonic ring tones can be unheard till few seconds- Pretty clear indication of new msg / bluetooth / IR / missed calls / battery / signal : all placed in one line on the top of the screen (much better design than previous sonys / nokias / samsungs / etc.)- pretty easy to use msging (text is more intuitive then picture msging)- can delete/edit the words that you add in T9 msg writing mode- cool concept of default number for every user- great concept of unsaved numbers list.Ok now for the cons:- Firmware issues : a big one that many people are not aware of. Firmware is the software running on your little phone. It is a HUGE task to get a firmware upgrade. The one that comes originally from t-mobile is some ancient build (I bought my T610 few weeks ago and I have R1S and R6C is already out, 6 revisions behind !!). Newer firmware fixes problems and sometimes adds more features/options. My previous experience with T68i was that with firmware upgrade the reception improved by a significant factor and other features added were helpful. I am wondering how to get a firmware upgrade for my T610 now.- No way to keep a track of time of multiple missed calls from same number.- 2MB is definitely small for a phone with camera and java game- The t-zones-wap button on the side is not the coolest idea. Could have used that button for better purpose (maybe bookmarks, the current style forces u to go to tzones website)- Like many other pointed out : screen gets dirty very easily and needs constant wiping.- the voice-notes is not a very useful feature. it forces u to send it via MMS and not just save it.- Like T68i : if you want to change one speed dial, you have to copy your entire phonebook AGAIN to your sim card - very poor design- given how much improvement they made after T68i - camera picture size should have been 640x480 and minimal flash should have been included !- Some people are not happy about a single call list for outgoing/incoming/missed. Well thats the way SE likes it.- FINALLY, phones are evolving into PDAs: it has important information such as your contacts, messages, pictures. It needs to be locked - password protection on messages/picture or maybe the overall phone. My cordless sized old sprint sanyo used to have that !!To wrap up, I would be very satisfied with this phone if the reception was a tad better and the battery lasted a bit longer. I hope the firmware rev would do it (like it did to my T68i)

Under wholly normal use I've consistently had problems with the ID card not being read by the phone, and now, at the 10 month mark, the charger contacts not consistently connecting with the phone - resulting in a phone that's apparently been charged all night, and is still dead in the am.Taking it in for warrantee repair... but generally, think these problems show how the phone is built to be disposable.Also having problems with the center multifunction key being not responsive... which leaves you without alternatives for key functions.

I was an early adopter of this phone, having bought an unlocked version on eBay before it came out for T-Mobile.At first glance, I was in LOVE with this phone.  At the time, its features were jampacked and very modern - with the bluetooth, embedded phone, sleek design, sharp little color screen, etc.  I love the bluetooth - i had it connected to my Jabra headset and Powerbook with absolutely no problems at all.  The camera quality is so-so - only really use it if you have no digital camera on hand.These are the negative things I have noticed, after having the phone for a year:1)  The phone scratches and dings really easily.2)  The earpiece has a very small &quot;sweet&quot; spot - if your ear isn't on it, you can barely hear at all.3)  After having dropped the phone a few times, the speaker now makes an annoying loud sound every so often when I am talking on the phone.4)  I havne't experienced any crashes, but the menus do lag a little.5)  Sometimes when plugging in to charge, the adapter has to be wiggled a little bit to get it to start charging.Overall, I'm ok with this phone, but am looking forward to the SE K700i with the 1.3m-pixel camera to come out in the states (whenever THAT is - you know how slow the carriers are to adopt new phones supposedly already available in the US)...

(...)Using the app, I was able to upload/download ringtones, themes, backup my address book, delete unwanted files on the phone, etc, straight from my computer keyboard, without having to touch all those tiny buttons on the phone.  I'm 6'4", and those tiny phone buttons are a pain for me sometimes, but I'll live with it, as the rebates are giving me free phone service for 5 months. Plus, T-mobile will let get you the 1000 minute plan for 40 bucks, how cool is that?  Pretty good, you don't get rollover yet, but I'm sure they'll get something comparible to Cingular soon.  Like all cell phones, your reception is dependent on the phone and the towers in your area. I have only one bar reception at my house, and I'm able to have decent converations all the time with only a few dropouts.  I recommend this phone and service.

Trust me this phone overall has a great design and many features but some things I dislike about it.LIKES: Bluetooth support, creative design, small size, many features such as voice commands, code memos (to remeber your passwords for credit cards etc..), note pad, picture ids, and recorder to record conversations(to catch someone in a lie!),  ringer/picture downloads, long battery life.DISLIKES:1.Camera: pics are dull; i dont even bother to use it anymore. If looking for a good camera phone this isnt the one!2. Display: hard to see in bright lights outdoors and gets smudged easily3. Buttons: are too small especially the 4 black buttons and  middle joystick,you can easily press wrong button and delete something or exit a menu by accident, also have to keep keypad locked, you have to really get use to using the buttons.4. Vibrator: you can easily miss calls because it vibrates so light, you may not even feel it. However, this can also be good since some phones vibrate so loud that everyone knows it's your phone!! (might as well kept it on to ring right??)5. No speakerphone: would have been great for handsfree use.6. The Call list: all the incoming, outgoing, and missed calls are listed in one menu; this is so unorganized to me and can be confusing; you have to look at the symbols to determine what kind of call it was. Also for calls more than a day old it doesnt show the time; only shows date and phone number. I think this is important to me, especially if you recieve a lot of business calls, because on machines like caller ids and voicemail they tell you the time not just the date. You also have wait for the display of text to flash to see all info because it can't be shown on several display lines.7. Phonebook: you can't see all info at one once; you also have to wait till display flashes to see both name and number. This can be time consuming.8. Text Messaging: writing a text message can be cumbersome. The T9 text input is somewhat confusing on this phone. You can easily exit the message and have to write it all over again!9. Menu Access: On some menus you have to execute a lot of un-necessary keystrokes and some even take time to pop up such as when downloading; As stated before this can be frustrating and time consuming.***I just had to add to this review today on Nov. 12, 2003*** that since I bought the phone on Nov.1, I have really experienced more horrible things about this phone.....sometimes when I am on a call and then try to disconnect the call, the phone sometimes freezes (crashes) and is reluctant to hang up!! This is similar to what happens to your PC when it freezes!! When this happens I have to turn the power completely off. I sure don't want to deal with the freezing problem with my PC AND a cell phone! As you might imagine this occurrence will continue to use up your minutes because it doesn't hang up call. I notice this happens especially when using touch tones when accessing automated systems such as voicemail and banking menus.I am in the process of returning this phone and purchasing a Samsung flip phone instead. The more I use the phone the more I find disturbing things about it.

I have a T-mobile service in Miami, but I used it all over the east coast. The reception is pretty bad everywhere, a lot of noise, the sound is not clear also I have lot of dropped calls. When I called customer service they say we cannot guarantee service in all the areas, even in those painted as covered in the national coverage map. In some places I had no signal whatsoever but my friend who has the same service with a Nokia phone had three bars.  In addition to that the preloaded games are boring like the "colorbug" and T-mobile doesn't have downloadable games for this phone. The camera is really bad, low resolution, no zoom and useless with poor light. The internal memory is small and you have to erase pictures all the time. If you have big fingers just forget it, it will be a nightmare to dial.  The screen is pretty clear and bright, but that's it ...

First off take any bad reviews here with a grain of salt, All of the this phone is garbage reviews on here almost detered me from buying this phone. And what a difference when it comes to connectivity with this phone over my S105. One thing I do give the S105 is it does seem like it has better all around sound more on par with a regular home phone where as the T610 sounds a bit shallow to me, but thats all just prefrence and it is very clear. Back to being able to connect up over bluetooth to your PC and file sharing between the PC and the T610. Set it up and all works good. My S105 just wasnt up to snuff when it came to connecting to a pc (nothing but trouble). Anyways at this point I recommend this phone although I guess we will see how well it holds up.A.Z.I just received this phone as well and reading your view I hadnt tried my phone card input as well so I tried, Had no trouble at all entering a 12 digit code. Worked fine first time. I tend to think you either have a bad phone or your service is going in and out.Revision 1:I will take back the reception being better than my samsung S105 at this point as well. This phone has dropped on me the last 2 days of use in places that my S105 did not. In fact my S105 didnt drop hardly ever. Im kind of in the middle of the road on this phone now. Love the features of it but the sound and reception quality could be better Im feeling now.Revision 2.After having this phone for about 2 weeks now there is nothing really wrong with this phone other than I dont care for the sound  on my end of the line. People I have called say this phone sounds better than the samsung S105 I had before it. The bluetooth and easy connection to the phone to my computer is a big plus for this phone. Samsung I had was not worth the time when it came to this. Not a bad phone for +175!

Compared with other sonyericsson products such as z600 or z1010, this guy is significantly cheaper, and, looks even a lot more sexier. What's more, its blue teeth technology is kind of predominant over next-generation sonyericsson stuff.

The phone is worth about what you get for it, about $125 back!  Otherwise pay some $$ and get a better phone.  My general impression is the menu system is confusing, the buttons do not do what you would expect them to do and the signal strength is horrible.  Granted, the signal strength could be due to T-Mobile in the US.I used to be with Sprint PCS and had a Samsung A500.  With all the complaints about Sprint PCS I have to admit the call quality was superb.  Same with Verizon.  The CDMA network has much much better call quality than GSM or other networks.  I switched over to T-Mobile because I am traveling internationally now.  I miss the simplicity and intuitive user interface of the Samsung A500.  It wasn't prefect but so much better than most phones out there.  The T610 is a bit confusing.  I don't understand why the volume buttons on the side of the phone do not change the ringer volume when it is in standby mode?  I don't want to go through several menus to just change the ringer, why is this so hard to do?The reason for the low rating is that this phone is terrible at it's core function, being a phone to talk with.  The extras are great but I want a phone that works flawlessly and easily first.  The other junk is less important.  From my past experiences I'm going to stick with Motorola or Samsung from now on.Pros:- Great LCD screen- Bluetooth- Built in camera (camera sucks but it's better than nothing)- Get $125 Cash BackCons:- Terrible reception (annoying static type sounds sometimes)- Terrible user interface- Small buttons (result of brick design). Menu and function buttons really small, why?  You use these all the time?!!!- Battery life so so- Deisgned like an appliance, boring.You get what you pay for, and in this case the company has to pay you to take their phone.

THIS PHONE IS AWESOME .. that should sum it up and now it is free with after rebate how can you beat that ...BLUETOOTH WORKS flawless with the jabra freespeak headset... and the service is good everywhere in atlanta so this is a great deal dont let it pass you by..

My husband and I found this phone online and got a GREAT deal, we actully got paid $350 to own two of them and set up Tmobile! So, after we got the shipping confirmation we came to this site and read the reviews. We were horrified! We thought we had made a huge mistake with this phone and thought we might have to sell them and get new ones. When they arrived we both cautiously unpacked them, making sure that everything stayed pristine so we could return them or sell them if we needed to. I was sure we would have a problem.Well, it has been 2 months now and we LOVE our phones. They are great!! We have great reception, the pictures are fun, blue tooth is cool etc etc. What a relief! Both phones work great, sound great and and look cool. I am so happy we got them. I think the other reviews are from people who wish they could afford a more expensive phone with all the extras, settle on this one, and are disappointed becuase they really wanted the grander versions of the high tech phone world.For us this is a great phone. The buttons are small, but not a problem for either one of us. The joystick is fun and the games entertaining. This is not the ultimate deluxe future phone with whipped cream and a cherry on top, but it is fun, higher tech than most phones and acutally does what a phone is supposed to do with a spunky lemon lime twist here and there. The reception is pretty good too and we live on an island in the San Juans near Seattle so I was not sure if it would work.There are some minor things that took adjusting to, the text message with every voicemail thing is pretty annoying, but all in all we are very happy. The camera is fun, not amazing, but a nice feature. We have a digital camera for pics we are more serious about. I recommend this phone for people who don't want to make a serious investment (you can acutally get paid to take this phone!) but want a phone with some fun, higher tech features. And best of all, it is NOT a sprint phone, cause as we all know sprint SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I just bought this phone a week ago and here are my impressions.The Good1. Lovely Styling2. Small Size,Very light and excellent battery life3. The bluetooth function works beautifullyCons1. The buttons are too small2. A crude user interface3. WEak signal reception compared to my Samsung R2254. The camera is a joke.5. The browser is slow and clunkyIf it were not for the deal being offered on this phone, I wouldnt have bought it. It is a good cheap phone that has integrated blutooth. Works well with a SE Akono H-600 bluetooth headset

I have had this T610 for about 5 months now, although i have had no major problems there are a few trivial, yet in my mind, somewhat big problems. First of all, the phone has an increasing ring option that you can turn on or off, but when you turn it off, it never actually goes off therefore resulting in many missed calls for me, because it dosnt get loud enough for me to hear it in time to get the call.  To fix this i put the phone on ring and vibrate which generally works, but this is a big kink in the phone.  Next, the earpierce or speaker or whatever you wanna call it is never loud enough, when I'm sitting at home watching TV and someone calls me I have to mute the Tv just in order to hear them (and the TV's not loud at all).  The pictures are decent, but kind of fuzzy, the pictures on the motorola flip phones and samsung flip phones that I've seen have been amazingly better and you can actually tell who the person you took a picture of is!  Also, the voice dial. The phone can store a decent amount of voice dial numbers i would guess around 20-25, but you can't just store the persons name as "chris" for instance, because the voice dial wont recognize it becase it's not long enough, bt if you say "Chris Johnson" then it will get it. This is not a big problem just can be very annoying.  On the plus side this phon has bluetooth and InfraRed which has worked flawlessly for me. I've paired my phone with headset's etc. wirelessly and there were no problems. I've also been able to connect my tungsten t2 (palm pilot) to the internet wirelessy through my phone via bluetooth. Well, I hope my review was helpful to whoever may be looking at this phone.

I did not take the complaints about reception seriously since my house and office are both within a mile of major highways, and when my friends visited me with their t-mobile phones they got full strength signals in both places.  Boy I was wrong.The signal meter was a joke - it jumps from 4 bars to 1 bar in a second while the phone sat still on a desk, then jumped back, etc.. -- and I thought it was just the meter; but the reception is really that unreliable -- the voice quality keeps varying and while standing at a spot that I got 3 bars when the call started, it would all of sudden drop to 0 bar and actually drop the call (on one occasion I was talking to T-mobile customer service and the call dropped the moment I got through the waiting -- pretty ironic).The phone has lots of features, but the navigation system design is very clumsy. Especially annoying is the lack of a shortcut back to the main/standby mode (the "end" button on most phones). Since the buttons are so small, it is very easy to accidentally get deep in some unwanted menus; to get out you'll have to repeatedly press "return". Such a pain.And yes, the screen is not bright enough to be viewed outdoors, and the body/lcd is always smeared with fingerprints or dusts due to the shiny, static-loving finish.  (the lcd cover is also very easily scratched.)I'd give 1 star, but the price is not too bad (of course, if either of the rebate fails to go thru, this would be a realy bad deal).

I just called T-Mobile with complaints about my weak battery and told them talk time on the cell phone is 840min according to Amazon's specs for the T610 phone. T-mobile told me the talk time is 5 hours (300min). Who do you believe? I am tired of liars and money-gobbling b*st*rds!

The T610 should have perhaps not been released until certain problems were hammered out.The T610 is most likely free because one can't sell an item like this without customers getting angry because they paid too much. I felt there really was no learning curve per se;  Buttons are easy to use and all the functions are self-explanatory. The only confusion may be that some of the menu choices are really not in the right categories.The very worst problem that this phone does have is that it freezes up on you when you are tooling around in the sub-menus, photo view funtion and especially in the downloads area. This really should not happen- a mobile phone should act like a Mac not a PC. There is no excuse for phone freezing at all. This really bothers me. Secondly, the reception inside warehouses, recording studios or very large buildings is a bit scratchy. I do use the phone with the Jabra Wireless Bluetooth Earpiece (which I highly reccomend) and it works well with this phone.Thirdly, the battery fades out much too fast for my taste, but one must make compromises using a small phone with a hundred features. Yet, is does lack the video feature which I happen to enjoy.The camera fun? Sure, Works great. As I said, ease of use overall, A. Reliability, C+. Fingerprints, smudging & oil getting on camera a problem? Maybe. It happens, but we're filthy creatures, one must expect this.Ergonomics when used with a wireless earpiece, A. The Jabra Wireless Bluetooth earpeice, A+I am serviced by T-Moblie and they have been reasonable to deal with thus far.The Sony Ericsson T610  gets an A as a FREE phone, but if I had to PAY for this I'd give it a C-. That is why my overall rating is 3 stars. I hope this help y'all.

ProsSmall, very nice camera, voice calling feature, bluetooth capabilities.ConsScreen is nearly impossible to see in sunlight. Bluetooth can be quirky, failing to connect sometimes. Phone occassionally &quot;locks&quot; requiring you to take out the battery to reset it. Battery life is good.

This seems like one of the best phones around. The looks are simply superb, the screen is cool, navigation too is easy. I got this phone with Tmobile and was hoping that will get better reception than the Motorola V60g that I have now. Surprisingly, the old phone is able to receive some signal even in places where T610 loses the network.The Bluetooth option is a cool one. With a good Head Set you don't need to press any button to make or receive calls(provided the phone receives the call).The camera could have been better. The resolution is pathetic.The phone does not give any error message when it fails to complete a call due to loss of Signal.Other than this weak reception, and few minor glithes the phone is great.

I love this phone already! (I received it yesterday) I have bluetooth in my Toyota Prius, (which I also love, but that's another review!) and it talks to it.  I am in an area with marginal reception, according to the maps and it seems to be fine.  I love all the features and the color screen. It talks to my Outlook contacts in my laptop and syncronizes... I haven't gotten every feature figured out yet, but so far everything I have tried has been easy to use. I like the one hand operation. Very clear speaker and mike. The caller can hear me without me having to move the phone back and forth from my ear to the mouth when I talk. (Unlike the Kyocera I am giving up.) The camera is simple to use. I can't wait to get used to all the email features, etc. It is almost like having a pda/camera/ bluetooth phone all in one.

This phone completely froze on me after exactly a month after the warranty expired (1 year from purchase)and now reboots regularly at intervals of 10 minutes.I called customer support at t-mobile who couln't help in anyway except making me do a master reset and and I lost all my data.The phone still freezes and regularly reboots on me - I guess I can use it as a paperweight now.The entire time the phone actually worked the T-Mobile service sucked BIG TIMEThe only reason I'm giving it a one star is because thats the lowest I can get.Pleaaase don't ever buy this phone and plase don't use T-Mobile

This is a great cellphone. Very sleek, and stylish to look at. I have T-mobile, and I am also very happy with the service. I am in the Puget Sound Area, and the network here is great. Overall, could not ask for anything more.

I haven't had this phone for very long, but I think it's so cool.  It's small enough to fit anywhere and the color screen is great. The best thing though, is the bluetooth.  It lets me sync my PDA and my phone so I don't have to constantly update my phone book in the phone.  The bluetooth also lets me share pictures with friends if they have bluetooth.  It's so great!

Cool phone. Excellent battery stand by time. Little complicated to access and operate the phone menu. Very good signal when compared to the audiovox phone (verizon carrier).

THIS IS THE WORST PHONE EVER. DON'T GET TEMPTED BY THE REBATE..THIS PHONE HANGS, DROPS CALLS, VERY SLOW INTERFACE. IT KEEPS HANGING...I AM GOING TO RETURN IT ASAP!(I ALSO HAVE NOKIA 3650 WHICH IS THE GREATEST PHONE I EVER HAD)

This is a good device and everything is very easy to see and everything is easy to push. This phone will make you look very smart and very serious. I think everyone should have one of these phones. They will make most of your friends,enemys, and associates jealous. It will keep your looking very important and you and your phone and be the catch of the day. This phone also shows colors and has a built in camera so that you will never forget anything. You will also be able to prove something to your friends without any questions or quotes.

First, the most amazing thing about the phone is its size!  This is the smallest phone I have ever seen, and the fact that it includes a camera, bluetooth, and pda functionality is simply stunning. Reception was awesome with T-Mobile.  Even in my apartment where Sprint and AT&amp;T barely work, everything was solid during an hour long conversation and the person could hear me loud and clear.  They could even hear me putting away dishes!  I really liked the joystick-based navigation, which made browsing through menus easy and precise.  The camera was average, about the same as Sanyo 8100.There are a few negatives that keep this phone just short of a 5 star rating.  Probably the biggest is lack of speakerphone, which I found surprising for a $200 phone.  I guess they're assuming you'll go for the wireless headset, but for me, speakerphone is a convenience I just can't do without.  I felt the phone was almost too small at first, difficult to keep in your hand and easy to press the wrong buttons, but was able to adjust in a few days.  The biggest problem for me though was the lack of the standard &quot;call&quot; and &quot;end&quot; keys.  Placing and ending calls was easy enough to figure out, but getting out of the internet requires bringing up the &quot;more&quot; menu and selecting exit.  I kept having to remind myself of this procedure.  I should note I didn't get to work with the pda features much or try syncing with my computer, as installing the software required Microsoft Outlook, which I don't have.All and all, a great little phone.  If you want something small and light and don't mind not having a speakerphone, I would definately recommend.

i've had this phone for over a year now and can say something about it from real experience... it's a good little phone, but i'm having one major problem with it lately, and that it that the little joystick is becoming increasingly reluctant to move "down". i'm told this is because of dirt that's gotten inside, well - great! sometimes it is VERY difficult to actually move down on the screen, which, from time to time, one needs to! so that's not a very good thing. my other gripe is that the camera is really not very good at all. i did not buy this phone for an excellent camera, but this one barely hots the 'acceptable' mark. i'd keep that in mind.

I'm not one for paying a lot for a cell phone, and ususally that works out fine for me.  The free offer phones I've had in the past have been decent phones with good reception.  This phone I actually paid for and have had major, frustrating issues with it.The phone freezes a lot, has terrible reception, and picks up a lot of background noise making it hard for people on the other end to hear what you're saying.I definitely do not recommend this phone!

I had a Nokia 7210 until last week and decided to upgrade to T610.It seems to be a great phone but the following is a list of features that I immediately missed (that I previously had in Nokia):a) loudspeaker - not to mention the single click access to itb) timed profile - I could put the phone on any mode (e.g. silent) for a defined period of time, so when I am out of the meeting the phone goes back to the original setting without me having to rememberc) any form of handsfree - everything is optionald) screen saver kicks in even if there are missed calls - so instead of being able to notice missed calls just by looking at the phone, one actually needs to activate the phone by pressing on somethinge) screen is very sensitive to any type of touch - no wonder Sony provide a cleaning cloth - another thing to carry with you at all times!f) a silly button on the top-right hand side of the phone: when clicked by mistake it automatically connects to the internet - always lock the keypad!g) do not by mistake push the &quot;mouse&quot; to the left as it also connects automatically to the internet - always lock the keypad!h) no FMThings that this phone has and Nokia didn't:i) camera - although the quality is very poor compared to say Moto V600 - I do not think I will use that feature muchii) Bluetooth - although that means nothing unless you have the optional bluetooth headset, USB dongle or another Bluetooth phone aroundiii) bigger and more hi-tech icon-based screen - although cannot be seen from any angle other than directly in front - it would have also helped had it been a touch screen!All in all I should have stayed with the Nokia - but I was too hasty and also ordered the headset so there is no way back now. I will try to provide an update when I receive the Sony 35 headset.CheerioAC

I love this phone!  My only complaints are it needs more ram and there is noticable flicker on the display.  2mb doesn't cut it for a camera phone.  Even when the signal meter is in the red I can make crystal clear calls and have not had any dropped.  T-mobiles customer service is a nice change coming from Nextel!

The phone has reaal bad reception.This phone does not work where my t68i works ..I had to call up t-mobile and exchange it for a nokia 6610.

I've had the Sony Ericcson T610 for 8 months now. The rebate process I had at that time from Amazon and T-Mobile went well without problems. The feature I like most about the phone is having bluetooth. I just sync it with my PowerMac and all my contacts stay up-to-date. I have also used a bluetooth headset and it works very well. I actually am able to hear better and am understood better with the headset. However, camera phones are marketing hype. Don't expect the camera to be very useable. I thought it would be, but have only used it a handful of times. I've actually got images off my computer and put them on the phone and it looks much nicer (in case you do want photos for your contacts). The reception is anything but great. I have not been impressed, and I don't know if it is my location, the provider, or the phone. I do know that if reception is the most important to you though, don't get this phone. It does play any midi file, so you can upload them via bluetooth or IR and use them as ringtones. I'll be getting a new phone once my contract ends (might as well they're so cheap now).My must list is: Bluetooth, Great receptionI would like: MP3 ringtones, color screenI could care less about: camera phone

I've had the T610 for almost a year and it has low reception quality compared to other phones of the same service provider and had enormous problems with static during calls. If it weren't for these two problems, the phone is mediocre at best. The features of the phone are great: Bluetooth, infrared,and sync. However, the relability of the phone during calls is poor.

I've had the T610 for 2 yrs now (T-Mobile).Pros: The phone is compact well built and has served me well for 2+ yrs. Battery life is decent. By and large, I like the user interface as well. Bluetooth has been reliable.Cons: Signal reception is weak although to be fair one can't entirely fault the handset. Volume level for rings and voice is low as well. Since the past 8 months, the joystick has started flaking out; it responds only to upward movement!

When I got this phone, it seemed to have everything I wanted: camera, color screen, pretty pictures, t-zones compatible. But the more I got to use it, the more I came to despise this phone. It does not get good reception, and I even had a T-mobile worker agree with me that the reception is not too good. I have dropped more calls than I can count on this phone. It will send people straight to voicemail and not give me a voicemail notification until hours later. (Not very convienient when people are trying to reach you.) I have been trying to exchange phones at T-mobile for a long time but most of the customer service representatives deny that the phone has reception problems. Overall, if you live in an area with absolutely no valleys, big buildings, or anything with a roof, than this phone is great, but if you ever want to be able to use a cell phone inside a building or in a valley or while you are driving, then DO NOT get this phone. It is not worth the cost. The camera does not even take very clear pictures. If you want a phone that works, sacrifice the fun gadgets and abilities and buy a nice, simple nokia or samsung.

The phone is pretty good.Very light weight.The display is good, it has several themes. Well...the camera is not that great! if you compare with motorola V600 or Nokia6600 but for me Camera is something good to have in a Mobile but not an essential feature.Battery life is incredible.Its a world phone ( Works in India :-) ).It has some PDA functionalities  like organiser,calender,tasks list, reminders.Has Bluetooth, its pretty cool.Doesnt have many interesting games though!

Pros:- small in size- good navigation- bluetooth functionality is greatCons:- Very bad reception.  And I don't think its T-Mobile all the time, sometimes its a phone. It looses the connection.

This phone is certainly one of the best phones offered by Tmobile.  Everything from its capabilities to its rf quality is very top notch.  One great advantage this phone has over other Bluetooth enabled phones offered by Tmobile is the size as well as more user friendly menus.Pros:Relatively small and lightGreat menu setupFast moving menusBluetooth syncLoud ear pieceCons:Very high maintanence (smudges easily)No speakerphoneSome of the complaints about this phone have been on the issue of the RF being low.  This was a major problem on early models which were made a while back and have recently been fixed by a new firmware.  The phone actually shows RF fluctations more than other phones, resulting in people thinking it has bad RF.Overall this is a great purchase and is great phone.  If someone were to be looking for more than JUST a phone, please look into the Nokia 3650, which is based on symbian OS and can have programs built for series60 be used on it.

The price was right(-100.00!!), the phone is easy to use, and the number transfer from at&amp;t was painless, although not very quick(it took a week).  Reception and sound quality have been good.The only issues I have with the phone so far are:1. The placement of the &quot;back&quot; button.  It is to the left of the joystick, where as every other phone I have owned it has been to the right.2. The T-Mobile button on the right hand side needs to be able to be changed to do something else.3. The transfer of contacts from Outlook was easy, although it wasn't quick via IR.

I was a little hesitant about buying this phone after the reviews I read. But after seeing it at a store, I purchased it on amazon and haven't regretted it! I've had it for about 2 months now, and I've never had a problem with the phone freezing. Reception is also great, here in nyc and also whenever I've traveled elsewhere.The camera feature is fun, but I don't really use it all that much. I do have pictures of some friends and it shows up on the screen when they call, so that's a nice feature.What I do love is the bluetooth capabilities which lets me use a jabra wireless headset. I LOVE THAT! I can go about cooking, or whatever else, while talking on the phone. Highly recommend this! The wonders of technology!The small size of this phone is also a plus. It's very sleek and has a ton of features.The only slight negative is the battery life. It's not horrible but it's not the best either. This is probably due to the features like camera, color screen, and bluetooth capability which drain the battery. I wouldn't switch all those features for a longer-lasting battery though. I charge my phone every day or every other day depending on how much I use it so it's not that bad.All in all, I highly recommend this phone. I know some reviewers have had a problem but I have nothing to complain about!

Besides this phone being small, but not too small, and having all the features I look for in a cell phone, it had even more than I was hoping for.  This is the first cell phone I've owned that has been Bluetooth enabled and because of this I can send pictures and text messages, even phone numbers from my address book to my PDA.  It's really convenient.  I would not only recommend this phone, but any phone that is Bluetooth enabled.

Overall, it's not a bad phone. The sound is excellent, operation is fairly intuitive, ringer is loud enough to hear in most situations, and sounds good (I'm using the Monty Python theme right now). Text messaging and internet access are simple and quick. I have read a couple of reviews saying ascending ring could not be turned off, but I don't think they read the manual. Pretty simple.Things I DON'T like about it:Very short ring time before it goes to voicemail. Don't stop to see caller ID or you'll miss the call! This is NOT adjustable.Screen is very hard to see outdoors. Contrast is adjustable, but not enough. Conversely, you can use the screen as a flashlight in the dark. Don't look directly at it, you'll see spots for 10 minutes.Lots of demo photos that you will never use are included on this phone. You can't delete them. I'd rather use the memory for other things.Hard to find accessories. Lots of them Online, but not in stores. In my job, I go to OfficeMax, Office Depot, Comp USA and Best Buy every day. I can't find a boom mike anywhere.Speaking of connections, you CAN'T hook this thing up to the charger in the dark, and connecting the earbud is a 2 handed operation.I got a free Belkin Bluetooth headset with the phone, but it won't go loud enough to use in the car. I don't know if that's the headset or the phone. Also, most voice commands don't work with Bluetooth. Good thing it was free.

Yep, its true! This Sony Ericsson phone has everything. Text messaging, camera games, ringtones(downloadable), and everything else. I got this phone and i love it. If you want something that can help you make a statment with out over doing it then this is the phone. Its not to big wear you cant put it in your pocket r purse and its not to small where you push every button on the phone trying to push one. Its perfect! It doesnt weigh too much or too less. Its truly a good phone. So, when you buy it dont think you spent your money for nothing. Its a purchase well worth it and it last a really long time! So, do whats best and get the phone really youll love yourself in the end.

Sony-Ericson has the WORST interface for simple users. If you just want the basics, drop this phone like a hot potato.

I've had my T610 for about 3 months now and I'm still in love with it.  I highly recommend getting a bluetooth adapter for your computer to take advantage of customizing this baby.  I've downloaded Midi files, games and photos off the web and copied them to the T610 for FREE!  No SMS charges or web site fees.  It's everything I wanted in a new cell phone.  Camera, color display, fully customizable.  It's great.  Battery life is still good.  Standby about 3 to 4 days, talk about 3 to 5 hours, maybe more.  The down side... Color display hard to see in bright daylight (but not impossible), it has frozen on me a few times, mostly with internet.  Internal antenna may not be as strong as an external,  but I usually get great reception even with only 1 bar showing (inside bldgs).  Highly recommend, might want to look into the T626 or T630 for better color display.  Go get it!

I got this phone because it brought back (...)net in rebates into my pocket!  "How bad can a phone get", I thought.Big big mistake!!!This phone hangs all the time, the java processor is slow as hell (so basically EVERYTHING on this phone has a long lag), the camera images are terrible, the menus are extremely non-intuitive and basically, nothing's easy!I've sworn off sony ericssons for life...Motorolas it will always be!

Thought:This phone comes with great features!! Unlike other phones, the T610 comes with features you wouldnt able to do with other phones.  It also comes with infrared which you can hook up to other phones w/infrared or computer; with this feature you can send and recieve ringtones and pictures without being charged!Functions just like any other phone but more!The phone loads the menus very fast! faster then the Sony Ericsson T226 and other younger versions...The only problems is:Camera quality - yes, it does have poor camera quality, eventho the pictures you get from your computer or ordered are crystal clear, the camera is not clear. (strange how it supports over 63000 color but the camera is still weak)Voice Speaker - well this is not important to some people, i thought this cell phone has it all.Sound Recorder - it does what it does, but not high quality. When the recorded sound is played it is not loud enough. you got hold it up in your ear to hear some of it...Ringer - ok, im not sure about this but it seems like when i get a call, the ringtones doent play loud enough. My sisters phone (Samsung & NOKIA) ringers are very loud compare to the t610.Note- There are times when the phone malfunctions, im not sure if its t-mobiles technical difficulties or the phone itself. USUALLY its because of T-MOBILEs problems. if there problems with your T610 then just TURN it OFF and back ON.  There so much features on this phone, you just wanna do everything at the sametime....Accessories:-the MP-10, this is the flasher for the t610. This flasher comes many features.-the Faceplates, change your look on the phone, it will look great.-the IrDA, the USB to infrared device for your computer, send and recieve pics,ringtones,games, and other information without being charged!!!! the 1# thing i love most!these are worth buying! BUY IT nOW!!!!OVERRALL: BEST Phone! some of my friends are buying this phone cause of its features and me showing it off hahhahhah!

My kids have these phones (3 of them).  We have had to return them for replacements 5 times (total).  Two are not working cosistently- one not at all!!!

This is a great phone; tons of functionality, a beautiful screen, good reception, long battery life.  Very user-friendly and adjustable to your personal use preferences.  Camera quality not so good, but what do you expect from a TINY phone that you can carry with you anywhere!  I love it!

More functions, but weak signals, no work at the half-basement.Why? Phone or T-Mobile.

It takes a while to turn on the phone and sometimes when you move too fast from one function to another, it will "hang" (yes, just like a computer). When this happens, you'll have to remove the battery and put it back in to turn on the phone again.Since it has a built in antenna, the reception is considerably poor. Guess it's just something you'll have to deal with if you want a chic phone.

I just bought this phone and I'm pretty happy with it.  I wasn't going to get it because I really didn't want a camera.  But since it was free after rebates...you can't beat that since it also came with a free bluetooth headset which works great.Just have to keep an eye on the pictures you take because it only has 2MB of space and it fills quick.  Don't download ringtones or wallpapers from t-mobile.  At 99 cents a pop, it's expensive for what you get.  Get a bluetooth usb adapter for your pc or use the IR feature that notebooks have.  Using that you can send wallpapers and MIDI files to your phone for free.  Do a Yahoo search for "midi files" and you'll find collections that people have.  I just downloaded a bunch of TV sounds like "Looney Tunes."  My only complaint is not with the phone, but with T-Mobile.  I used them when I lived in Germany and like GSM however over here the coverage isn't as good as my old service Verizon.  The signal isn't as strong at home and I don't get a signal at all at my friends.  Verizon is a bit more pricey and they don't have a good selection of phones.  T-Mobile is cheaper, has better phones you can use the phone in Europe. Hopefully T-Mobile with expand their GSM coverage.  I guess each company has it pluses and minuses.  The T610 Phone gets 5 stars, T-Mobile gets 4 only for lack of coverage. I'd give Verizon 4 starts because of the costs (they get you with the fees) and poor selection of cool phones.  Good luck.

The T610 (through t-mobile)was my first camera phone, and let me say i am not impressed. First of all lets talk about reception, NOT MUCH TO SAY OTHER THAN IT IS CRAP! Oh yea I have a camera im going to take pictures (WHICH ARE HORRIBLE QUALITY). thats fine if u want to be able to store about 10 even after deleting every ringtone every game and anything else extra. And dont think you will be able to take a picture and send it to your e-mail address because YOU HAVE NO SIGNAL! now for the PROS. The battery life is beautiful. also it is bluetooth enabled which i love. Menu is easy to use: END PROS, back to CONS: dont try and &quot;hack&quot; it because theres nothing to do with it. overall this phone is boring dull and i paid $300.00 for mine. lets just say i have been depressed since buying it.

This phone has died once I started to use the bluetooth and voice dialing: the screen froze and remained black. Disconnecting and reconnecting and charging the battery did not help.Also, this phone has much worse reception than any of the phones I owned. So, this phone is a toy which is loaded with useless "cool" features, like taking bad quality pictures, or looking at the fragile TFT screen while it works. Ericsson probably forgot that a phone is primarily needed for TALKING!

I decided to jump ship, and port my number from Sprint PCS to T-Mobile.  This phone, with Bluetooth, the free Jabra Bluetooth headset, and -$100 price, won me over.  I've had it for one week now, and here are my thoughts on some of the debated items:RECEPTION:  Sony Ericsson phones measure reception quality different from other phones.  In the office, my T610 will only show 1-2 bars, while my wife's Samsung shows 4 bars, and my workmate's Nokia shows 4 bars as well.  But my T610 has never dropped a call, while the Samsung and Nokia do.  After some research on the reception display, Sony Ericsson is more conservative on how many bars are displayed. Remember, measure reception on sound quality and dropped calls, not how many bars are on the screen.  I've been satisfied with the reception of the T610.CAMERA:  You should not buy a camera phone expecting great picture quality.  The T610's quality is very satisfactory for what is was designed for.  I like the Night feature, which does a great job in low light conditions.DISPLAY:  Here is where I love this phone.  The 65K color display is very clean, the screen is large, and the display is far more smooth than any other phone out there IMHO.  And it blends very elegantly into this very good looking phone.BLUETOOTH:  What can you say...one week and I could never live without it again!  And it's built right into this small package, so you don't have to use a clunky connector on your phone (if your model is even supported).  Very nice!T-MOBILE SERVICE:  So far, I'm very impressed with T-Mobile's service.  Their CS has been very friendly, and my hold times have been less than one minute every time.  I like the idea of the SIM Card (being able to save my account info and phone no's when I switch to a new phone every 9 months...and I know this has been a GSM standard for years, but I've been with Sprint PCS for the last 6 years, so it's new to me).And their plans are the top value out there, especially when you consider everything included (t-zone WAP access, fax mail, etc...)I would highly recommed this phone...just make sure to get a leather case (or pouch, since I think a case diminishes the beauty of a phone) to protect it.

Hi The defects with this phone:Cant see the screen clearly in daylight....Gets smudgy very quickly...Keypad is little bit small for people who have thick fingers like me.But I have gotten exceptionally thick thumbs ...Phone is little bit slow with commands...but  i guess that is ok with all the software and memory into it.Technology has not yet advanced so much....i have to turn off the phone and turn it back on to get the signal sometimes...i dont know whether that is a normal procedure with other phones.A little bit smaller screenphone gets locked sometimes and wont respond to the power off button.so i have to take the battery out and put it back in to power it one again.happens once in a while...phone asked for unlock code all of a suddent...tmobile cust serv helped me out...strange,,,,The advantages of this phone:Exceptionally good reception .Great color screenVery good camera for a cameraphoneUnique feature is that u can set voice automated profiles....Like I walk into a meeting,,,,i say 'MEETING' and the phone goes into a silent mode....i say 'outdoors' and it goes into a different modeVery good service with TMobile for me in the bay area.I mountain bike and ski  a lot and take the phone up lot of remote woods and hills....reception is still good up at all these places.Very good reception up DOnner summit too!!!!Check that out!!!Phone came with a hands free for me ....FYITmobile cust service is the best i have ever seen.very cordial and Lightning fast service.....Reception is very poor in milpitas(near great mall) at my buddy's place....beware..on the whole,the phone is a VERY VERY GOOD buy....I recommend buying it from Amazon as they have some good pricing with cash backs and patient customer service.

The phone itself is fantastic, full color, pictures, voice dialing, voice recorder, themes, etc. The only complaint I have is that in order to connect to the internet you have to turn the phone off and on again just before connecting. This is because the phone requires a &quot;fresh&quot; signal or will not connect (this info came stright from T-Mobile). Not a major problem, but tedious nonetheless.I still rate it at a 4 (outside of the interent issue it is a 5)

PHONE: Very attractive and loaded with more features than I would ever use.  It's very small and light, the screen display is great, and it's fairly intuitive to use the features.  I found the camera a bit disappointing - unless you're taking the picture from within a 1-2 foot range, it's pretty blurry.  One other thing to be aware of is that the charger and headset both have unique connectors -- if you lose your headsets or leave your charger behind when traveling, like I do, plan to stockpile the special ones for this phone, because you aren't going to be able to just grab the one from your old phone.THE SERVICE: I'm sitting on hold right now trying to cancel my T-Mobile service and my number transfer request.  I've been using the phone for a few days, and cannot handle the immense amount of background noise I get with it.  It's static-y, there are high pitched (think dog whistle) noises in the background all the time, sound cuts in and out, and I've had a couple of dropped calls.  This is in the first few days, remember.  T-Mobile tells me I'm in a &quot;great reception area&quot; (Silicon Valley), and they have no problems reported in my area.  So, bye-bye, cool new phone.  BEWARE that the number portability line has well over an hour wait whenever you call, seemingly regardless of time of day (I just waited 95 minutes to cancel my portability request).AMAZON - The whole thing could not have been smoother.  Availability when I ordered was &quot;normally ships in 1 - 2 weeks&quot;.  I got regular shipping (not super saver), and had the phone in hand 4-5 days after I ordered, well before I expected it.  It came activated and ready to use immediately, though I did have to call myself about transferring the number (which has fortunately not gone through, so I will still have my number when I cancel this T-mobile thing).  They were also flawless on returning the phone: a 3 minute call, they're sending me a pre-paid return label, and I stick it in the mail back.

Hi,I was looking for this great phone adn when Amazon offered it for FREE i grabbed it there are various reasons why i purchased this phone let me highlight few features:1. Small and compact with great look from Sony2. Built in camera3. Bluetooth connectivity, this is awesome4. Quick access to settings and emails5. Various ringer tones6. Games, DJ Music, wallpapers7. Color screen, joy stick for navigatingNow let me share my experience after getting the best phone with T-mobile service which works the best in Chantilly, VA no other servic provider can give this.Got my connectivity wanted to checkout its features, clicked few pictures of my son and emailed it to my wife through t-zones (you got to have t-zones activated from T-mobile to send and recieve emails, messages it costs 2.99$ per month).If you want to upload the photo to your computer you can do using bluetooth or Infrared port, most of the computers have infrared port i used bluetooth of my Pocket PC and beamed to it within seconds the picture was there..Now i also ordered Jabra bluetooth headset another 20$ and it is worth it, handsfree you can recieve phone calls and make phone calls it has reception upto 10 feet (i had my friend walk little distance to check it out). The device was recongnized and this helps me a lot while driving, i do recommend this after all it is 20$ with this phone...Now onto Cons of this phone, somehow i didn't like the volume of this phone the maximum output is so low compared to other phones and if you work in downtown or places where there is lot of noise then better set it to vibrator mode or u will miss all ur calls...It is not a flip flop phone that means you have to lock and un-lock the keypad and that is something irritates me and was primary reason for me to switch new phone but after seeing all the features i gave away all my Cons and felt happier to have this hi-tech phone and my friends have started to think to get one....I will tell you &quot;You just can't miss this deal&quot; Free phone with bluetooth headset for 20$ it can't better, thanks to Amazon for a great deal and thanks to SonyEricsson for its phone and T-mobile for making yet another customer happy :)

This was my second Sony-Ericsson phone (the first was a T68i), and the fatal flaw in both phones was poor joystick design.  In both cases, after about a year and a half of light to normal use, the joystick started to work erratically.  Movement either did not register, or registered as 'Enter' rather than movement.  Since you cannot do anything on this phone without using the joystick, it becomes difficult to perform basic actions, such as locating and calling a contact.  It also means that I frequently make and have to quickly cancel multiple accidental calls due to unintended input before I make it to the intended number in the contact list.  I will never again purchase a cell phone that has a joystick.Other than this one (very major) problem, this phone has served me well.  Bluetooth synchronization is handled flawlessly by iSync on my Mac (at least for contact information; I never tried the calendar), and I was also able to used the phone as a modem, connecting my Powerbook to the internet wherever I had cell service.  The form factor is just about perfect; the phone is unobtrusive in a pocket, and it is easy to hold.  The side volume buttons are a great touch.  I give it three stars because it was exactly what I wanted and worked well until the joystick started malfunctioning.

I've been using my T610 from T-Mobile for 3 months. I needed a phone, that would have a camera, color display and support bluetooth technology and internet access. I found one.T610 has a camera and bluetooth - I like both these features very much. For example, bluetooth is very convenient to have an access to the phones pictures, melodies and themes from anything supports bluetooth technology. I use my desktop, my notebook and my iPAQ as well. Besides I can use a wireless headset, and I use it even when I don't drive. And of course I use my T610 when I surf the Internet of check my e-mail from the PDA (iPAQ h4155). The camera is not so perfect, but you can take small pictures in a moment you want. So T610 is the camera, that is always with me.And if we talk about phones with a color display, internet capabilities, a camera and bluetooth, there's the only one competitor for T610 in the USA - Nokia 3650. Well, I like Nokia phones. I've been having three Nokias before: 5110, 8210 and 8310. They worked perfectly. But I've never liked Nokia 3650. First of all, it's too big for me. I like small phones - and T610 has almost the same size as my previous Nokia 8310. Nokia 3650 is too big, too ugly and has an unusual and incovenient keyboard. That's because I've bought T610.Now I can call, take pictures, send and recieve text and picture messages and e-mail, surf the Internet, play games (included or previously downloaded from the Internet), make notes (and voice notes as well) and more. Once I recorded my playing guitar by my phone and send it by e-mail to my friend. She was very excited, listening it on her computer. Thanks to my T610.

I was happy to get this phone as it was cool and FREE. However, on usage, several problems surface.While there are many good things, including one of the most durable batteries system I have seen, I have a few complaints.The power cord and handsfree phone cord are not standard jacks.. but, "specially" designed for this phone. The jacks get loose and to charge your phone, besides plugging in, U have to attain the carefull balance of a tight rope walker.The blue tooth connection is a little slow. This was my first experience with blue tooth.. but, I am a bit disappointed with that.Overall, the phone is OK

I love this phone. The best feature in my opinion is the neck strap holes, primarily because other phones don't do this. A neck strap is not included though.I have the t-mobile service and even though it isn't the greatest it doesn't matter because t-nobile lets you roam on any other network for free. So even though I'm a tmobile customer I smile when I see that Cingular/AT&T; are improving their network.

I ordered the phone 1/29/2004 and received it 2/2/2004. I was nervous based on everyone's experiences with delays. I 'll let you know about my phone review after I use it some. I hope the rebate is as fast.

I am using this phone for the past one month. Though I read all the reviews about this phone I didnt think that Sony Ericsson could make such a bad phone. Agreed...It has all the features compiled in it...but what is the use of the phone if it doesnt have a good reception. (This is the worst of the phones in reception I have ever used). People might comeback and say reception is because of the area am in, but I checked with other nokia and samsung phones(of same service provider) in the same spot.My guy was the worst.Not just that, this feature packed phone is not able to stand the load of all the features. It just hangs and the only way out is to turn off and turn on the phone. This would be the worst thing you would ever like to do when you are in the mid of a call or searching for a number.The features might look tempting. But I would seriously advise anyone to think twice before buying this piece. I was totally disappointed by the quality of the phone. ( I am not writing this in a day or a week, I have used this phone for around a month).

HiI have used this cell phone for about 10 months now - I highly recommend you guys DON'T BUY THIS.it has cool looks and cool blue tooth technology. Its a cool toy, but a very bad cell phone. Its reception is very very poor. I had heard that T68I was bad, but I realized t610 still has the same problems.I am stuck in a contract for the rest of this year- no sure what I gonna do, but I would never  buy a Sony Eric phone for a very very long time.

This is the sixth phone i have used in the past two years and the only phone that I deemed fit to hold on to for an year now. Come this christmas, this phone would celebrate its first and sadly last anniversary with me.In the past i have used Siemens A56, Nokia 3595, nokia 6340i, a sony ericsson t326 and a motorola v66. This is by far the best phone I have had.Reception: The reception somewhat lacks as compared to my roommate's Nokia 3650 with T-mobile too. But I have no problem with that. In the garage or in my room I dont have to hold a brick in my hand and talk into it.Bluetooth: bluetooth is amazing. but the bluetooth headsets are still comparatively huge and doesnt hold charge for long. I guess theres still more to develop in that area.Camera: The camera is crappy but hey, it can "take" pictures which i used to post in moblog ([...] ). This was as long as t-zones was free. now it costs me 4.99 a month - way cheaper than any other provider but am not gonna pay for that with this phone.Coolness factor: This was the coolest phone in its time (an year ago). I still love this phone for what it is and for what it can do. T-Mobile is giving away cash like crazy for all their age-ol phones like v66. I guess this was their last "cool" phone.After using 2 nokias, I HATE them. I guess moto v300 and v600 kinda made its mark but theres nothing in them which wud make me dump my t610 for that.Customer Care: As for customer service - tmo is the best. granted- the only other cust service i have had experience with is cingular. Either they sucked or TMO rocks.I cant believe .... after all this I am goin back to Cingular which has poor service in cincinnati, bad cust service ... but am jus in love with Moto mpx220. Am gonna dump my 1K anytime with unlimited 39.99 to move back to cingular coz they have better collection of phones.But hey, T610 is my first love.... & as u all know - first cut is the deepest.....

Seriously. Stop expecting so much from a phone that you were PAID to take. In fact, if you do order this phone, expect it to be a piece of junk. Then, when you get it, and you may or may not find that it isn't, you won't be disappointed either way.I am quite disgusted by anyone who rated this phone less than 4 stars. Take the value of this deal into consideration, not just how well the phone works. If someone paid me $150 to take something, I wouldn't care HOW bad it was.And if it turns out that you truly hate this phone and cannot live with it- then you don't have to. All you have to do is get a phone that you LIKE off ebay or amazon marketplace. (Make sure it is a gsm phone that can be used with T-Mobile- gsm 1900 mhz.) A Nokia 3595 or 6010 will be just fine for someone who just wants to call and send text messages, and they cost less than $50. Feature-filled phones will obviously cost more. Once you get the phone, take your sim out of your t610 and pop it in the other one. Now you can sell your t610 on ebay. In fact, you might end up making even more money.(Example: You got paid $150 for taking the t610. You buy a 3595 off ebay for $30. You sell your t610 for $100. Overall, you were given a $30 phone and $220 in cash.)And even if you don't save more money, you will be getting that other phone for a very, very low price.(Example. You got $150 for taking the t610. You buy a new, $300, loaded phone off eBay. Then, you sell your t610 and get $100. Overall, you got a $300 phone for $50.Even if you end up hating this phone, this is still an awesome deal.

I replaced my Nokia 3650 with a SonyEricsson T610 after two 3650s up and died. I am delighted with the T610. It's ultra-small, ultra-sleek, and it works very, very well. I miss very few things about my disastrous 3650...Pros:- Tiny, compact, solidly built, beautiful- Loud earphone and good voice quality; better ringtone volume than 3650- Intuitive, attractive, and polished interface- Excellent organizer- E-mail client automatically connects at intervals- Syncs with Mac OS X and can control Mac computers via Romeo, Salling Clicker- Excellent Bluetooth implementation- Good RF*Cons:- So beautiful you'll lament every smudge and scratch it accumulates during everyday living- Reception meter fluctuates wildly and doesn't give a good representation of actual signal strength- Camera for fun only- Memory is limited- Poky Java performance- Message warnings aren't persistent enough*One of my main concerns in buying the T610 was that the reception would be worse than the 3650's, as some people complain about the radio on SE phones. I have not found this to be the case; the radio has the same range, dead spots, and clarity in various locations as my old 3650, and even receives SMS and MMS messages in places my 3650 had no signal at all. The signal meter, however, is completely insane, and I've learned to more or less ignore it. You can't compare signal strength by the bars the phone shows, since every manufacturer uses a different standard. In all, I've found the T610's RF to be very good and it holds on to weak signals better than my 3650 did.I recommend this phone over the 3650. It's MUCH smaller, has a better speaker, seems more solidly built, has an easier keypad, and a much better implementation of BT than the 3650. Things I miss from the 3650: memory expansion, somewhat better camera, speakerphone (though it was too quiet anyway.)

This is a great phone, with a great look and great functionality. The only downside is in direct and bright sunlight - the screen is very difficult to see. Other than that; it has an outstanding battery life, huge memory, useful versitility, compact size, a nice screen, and a very stylish body.

Now that I have used the SE T610 phone for almost 2 months with my Palm Zire 72 and HP IPAQ 4155, I must give it 5 stars for the following reasons:1) The Camera is great. The pictures come out real clear and beautiful after you send it via Email. Please don't judge the quality of the pictures by what you see on the T610. I admit that the pictures look a little fuzzy on the T610. But with only 2MB of memory the purpose of taking pictures is to upload them or send them via Email to others. The quality of the pictures improves dramatically once they are sent and viewed via one's PC.2) The Bluetooth features on this phone are outrageous. I have paired my SE T610 using T-Mobile's unlimited VPN GPRS Data Service with my Palm Zire 72, HP IPAQ 4155, and Logitech Mobile Wireless Bluetooth Headset and Performance is Great. If you got a Bluetooth enabled Palm or Pocket PC, then this is the phone for you. Sony Ericsson was in on the ground floor on this Bluetooth Revolution. I send data via my Pocket PC and Palm to my SE T610 via Bluetooth in a flash. Moreover, web surfing is much faster than I thought via Bluetooth.3) I have absolutely NO problem with signal strength or clarity of voice calls in NYC where I primarily use this phone. Where I go in the boroughs of Queens, Bronx, Manhatten, Brooklyn and Nassau County (with the exception of Garden City) is great.People need to realize that T-Mobile does not have the extensive network that Verizon or even Sprint has. So, if you are looking to buy this phone to use with the T-Mobile Network, I can enthusiastically recommend it if you live in most of NYC (outside of Staten Island). However, you need to do your own due diligence and check out in advance whether this phone will perform well with your service provider in the area where you live.

I had lots of issues with this phone. There were bugs in the phone and lost of dropped calls.  The pictures were so small to be near worthless.  I ended up ditching the phone due to the troubles with it.  I am not recommending it.

Just a not: I have never gotten close to the battery time that amazon has listed. I get maybe 5 days of standby if I'm not making any calls or using the phone at all. I get max 4 hours of talk time. Amazon has over 10 hours of talk time estimated.I like the phone but thought this info might be useful.

Considering that I had a T68i before T610 so this T610 phone is actually much faster and better in many different ways. Unfortunately it freezes up on me at least once a month now. It happened after I took out the battery without turning off the phone one time. Sometimes when I dial all I hear is, "The number you have dialed is not in service" and at that time I really thought the person I called has disconnected his phone, but until I started calling other people and that was all I would hear, then I knew it was my phone or my T-mobile service. I couldn't do anything but to turn the phone off and turn it back on in order to dial out again.

When it works, it works about as well as other reviews suggest (I've had similar experiences to the others with the "candy" features, small buttons, impressed with size, etc). However, after having had this phone for around six months, I am throwing it away because it will not charge. The charger plugs into the phone as such: there is no metal plug that gets inserted into the phone, rather, there are two plastic anchors that are supposed to lever surface contacts on the phone and charger into place. They are basically just resting against each other. However, after not very much use at all the plastic anchors lose their snug connection, and the charger fails to make sufficient contact. I have several times plugged the phone in overnight and taken it up the next morning to find it had not charged at all. Worse still, if the sound is on, when the charger connects it makes a little ding. I will plug this phone in, and then hear this connecting ding over and over, several times in a few minutes, as the contacts rest against each other just closely enough to repeatedly make then lose connections. Not only does this type of thing fail to charge the battery, but it can actually destroy it (and can't be too good for the phone either).Bottom line: No matter how good or bad the other features of this phone, none of them work if there's no charge. And the flaw is in the design; I returned two phones for the same problem (which starts showing up after about a month of use). The one I'm throwing away is the third. This phone has convinced me never to buy, not only another Ericsson phone, but probably never any product from Sony again, given the incredibly inept engineering that went into this phone.Edit: It's Dec. 2011 now. I wrote this review over six years ago, they don't even make this phone anymore, and I STILL get so mad thinking about it that I could spit. Memory of this terrible experience has steared me away from Sony products ever since, including recent purchases of DVRs, DSLRs, and lightweight computers. So designing such an utterly worthless product can definitely have ramifications long past the product's natural life-cycle.

My girlfriend gave this cell phone to me as a birthday present and I was thrilled about it. I read some of the other reviews where people said they had poor reception with this phone but I think it's cause of the service (T-Mobile) not because of this phone. I have AT&T wireless and so far I have never had a reception problem unlike my old Nokia phone (also with AT&T wireless). The really cool thing about this phone is that it is Bluetooth enabled. I can transfer ring tones and pictures to and from my laptop wirelessly and use a wireless Bluetooth earpiece to make calls when I am driving. Battery life could have been a little better but it's not that bad considering it has a big, bring color display. The camera also could have been a little better. Over all, this is not a bad phone.

When it comes to owning gadgets, this baby is a must. It can do so much - the camera is fun, the organizer is pretty good, the color screen is excellent, bluetooth has show-off swagger and connectivity and the games are a lot of fun.  The downside, this is certainly not a great phone. Its signal reception is mediocre and it suffers from a weird combination: the user of the phone comes through extremely loud on the other side, while the T610 user can barely hear what the other person is saying. This makes you talk even louder, thinking you are not heard and you get the picture. Being so small, the phone also requires you to either put it close to your ear or close to your mouth. In summary - in every non-phone activity this is a superb device, but as a phone it is middling.

I don't think there's deliberate deception, but Amazon's promotion is wrong. There is no speakerphone on the T610 or T616. I emailed customer service, but have not received a response. A few days after my email the error remains on the product web page.The phone was for my husband, who wears hearing aids and uses a speaker to make phone calls, so this one has to go back.It's otherwise a good product, we think.

Often times you'll se on this board and others 5 stars or something similar given to just about everything. This really is not how a ratings system helps anyone make an informed choice. Instead reserve that 5th start for something groundbreaking or revolutionary, but a standard cell phone does not merit this.Having said that, with the Sony Ericsson T610 is an excellent 4 star phone and has nearly every feature you could need, in a standard cell phone.One feature of great importance is Bluetooth. (While the T610 currently uses version 1.1, I think it is important to take some time with this feature.) This technology, now with version 1.2, is a great breakthrough. With it, you can sync messages, send contacts, copy entire phonebooks, send encrypted files and more from a distance of about 330 feet (+ or - 15 feet). While this is now just available, it is important to embrace the technology and understand how to use it.  It will be more important in our short term future.The T610 implements Bluetooth very well and is extremely easy to configure. I bought a Bluetooth headset for this phone which works perfectly, as well. (It was 28 dollars at ecost.com)But let's move on to some other topics.The other features that it has shine as well:The call reception is superb; I have not dropped a call.The clarity is excellent.The keys are some what small; this could be good or bad depending upon your dexterity.IMPORTANT: The camera is useless. Period!  Are you ok? Good.  Let's take a deep breath and move on.MORE IMPORTANT: You should buy this phone for the fact that it is a phone which does a very good job being a phone; not a camera. Besides 2.0 megapixel cameras can be had for under a hundred dollars. (Fuji FinePix 2.0 for example)The phone book is well situated and most of the controls are very easy to understand.The ringers are good out of the box.The phone can be customized to suit your needs as well. Plus at Wal-Mart they are selling the car charger for 8 or 9 dollars as well.Conclusion: I have owned several dozen phones and used several different carriers (Service providers), and this phone in conjunction with T-Mobile service is superb. I have used it in other markets not just my own (Philadelphia) and there is no change in the level of responsiveness. A phone is a phone is a phone. If you are looking for a PDA choose the TREO 600, if you are looking for a camera, choose the Canon EOS Mark II. But if you are looking for a very good phone, choose this one.NOTE 1: There is a firmware upgrade on some of the chat boards being discussed, but as I have had no issues, therefore I have not needed to get it.NOTE 2: According to some of the user boards there is a replacement model coming out in the fall. But really it is most likely the look feel I think that is changing, I could be wrong. (My wife says I often am)4 Solid Stars.

I want to buy it and tell me the procedure that I can but it in Quetta, Pakistanif you have any solution about this kindly mail it or can call me +92-300-3824727

Bought this cell phone as a replacement for my year old (and bulky) Nokia 3650. I like its compact size. I can live with most of its feature (or lack of). Yet its signal reception compared side by side with Nokia3650 and MotoroalV300 is *poor*.The SE_t610 signal indicator fluctuates between 1-3 bars when left on a table at home. Both Nokia3650 and MotorolaV300 show steady max signal strength at the same spot, same time. My major concern is SE t610 drops call in the stairwell/elevators as it looses signal completely. Whereas Nokia3650's signal strength drops down to 2 bars, but never drops an ongoing call.Compared to Nokia 3650/MotV300, the camera on SE t610 is a joke. The battery life (talk time &amp; standby time) are overly exaggerated in the specs. Also the battery charging indicator needs some work. Does not go off after phone is connected to charger for more than 12 hrs. I miss the nearly unlimited memory of Nokia 3650 (via SD). If size &amp; price were not a concern, I would pick a Nokia6600 or another Nokia3650 over SE t610. Would give it a 2.5 stars.

I give this phone 2 stars because it has great features including bluetooth, and the Iinfared port among other cool things.  I've had this phone for 2 years.  Reception Sucks! My buddy has always had better reception when standing next to each other (nokia). And i have had the experience of poor connection wen charging, u have to jiggle it.  It is also very slow at times, and had ocassions when it totally bugged out on me. Whats the point in having a cool phone with a lot of features if the reception is god awefull. I expected better from Sony. Im switching to the Nokia 3220.

I purchased this phone for its bluetooth connectivity and nice looks. It worked quite well in the beginning. There were some things I didnot like much but still it was usable.Things I like:1) joystick. it is well thought and pretty useful to do things.2) bluetooth, it is easy to transfer contacts, files from your cell phone to other cell phone or to your computer.3) color screen shows pretty crisp images.4) you can set a midi or mp3 file as ringtone. neat.things I didnot like about are:1) ringer volume is low. I used to hear my old cell phone (nokia 3390) ring from upstairs. You cannot hear this one unless you are in the same room.2) menu navigation could be better.3) camera is not so good. Don't think that you are getting a digital camera.4) keys are small, I had hard time not the press multiple keys.finally the problems I had recently, note that none of them were present in the first 3-4 months of usage.1) charging system is not durable, power adapter connection was made poorly. It disconnects while you are charging the phone, you came back 2-3 hours later to see your battery is still empty.2) speaker/mic is broken after 5 months of usage. Neither you, nor the other party hear anything. I will see about the the warranty coverage.3) pressing power button may not turn on the phone. I had to keep pressing it to get it to turn on.My final remark is to stay away from this one if you have comparable Nokia phone.

the phone's camera is not that great, dust gets on the camera lens and it is very hard to clean. the text messaging is pretty easy, it spells out the word if you want it to. although, the signal sucks, i dont get great signal unless im in the middle of no where.

The phone had always had small problems.  Sometimes the screen would freeze for several seconds.  Recently, some calls would have heavy static and I have to call the other person back.  Then last night, the screen just turned blank.  It only shows a white screen with no graphics.  I can still receive calls and dial numbers, but without the screen I can't access my phone book nor see who's calling.  T-Mobile refused to exchange the phone because they said the warranty has expired.  Now I have to buy a new phone.

i loved everything about this phone except for one minor detail...nobody could hear a word i was saying....most of my conversations consisted of " WHAT, WHAT DID YOU SAY....!!!!" yikes that was awful....I believe the internal atenna is a large design problem...However, enough of a problem to return the pretty, picture taking masterpiece....

I've had it for 9 months and still love it.  It's solid, gorgeous, and very user friendly.  Reception is great when I have a signal.  On T-Mobile I get fewer dead zones than I did with AT&amp;T (in Washington, DC.)  The Bluetooth feature is killer.  I use it to synchronize my contacts and to control iTunes on my computer while I'm playing poker in the next room.  The camera pretty much sucks but it's a cute novelty.  I didn't buy the phone to take photos, I bought it for the compact size, beauty, and user friendliness.  I get about 3 days of battery life on mine, which is better than I ever got with my Nokia 8260.  The email and web access work fine, albeit extremely slowly.  Sure, there are a couple mildly annoying things here and there but every other phone I tried last year had a bunch of extremely annoying problems; by comparison, this phone is a dream.

Its simply awesome. What else to say?

I bought 2 phones. These phones have lots of good features. UNFORTUNATELY...Their reception is very bad. I also spoke to a friend who has inside info  --&#62;  most of the returns at that dealer is because of bad reception of these phones..Now, I am waiting  to give up my phones after a year. I hope I knew this earlier.

I was shocked at the price of this phone! After the mail-in rebates, I paid absolutely nothing and receive free money in return! The reception is comprarable to any other phone--so I've had the "typical" cell phone complaints. Its so tiny and compact, I can just stick it in my purse and go! The camera feature, colors, graphics and special 'tricks are hot--and I use them all of the time! Although blue tooth technology is typically a 'working professionals' feature (maybe because the devices needed to support and use it are a little pricy) I would recommend this phone for a younger audience because its cute, fast and pretty reliable.

I really am enjoying this phone.The good: Very small size, long talk time, long standby time, color screen that is easy to see, great reception (using t-moblie in downtown Seattle), bluetooth wireless (unexpectedly useful), sexy design, loud and diverse ringers, and useful software features.The bad: The camera has horrible resolution and is practically useless, software requires a lot of unnecessary button clicks to operate.

i had this phone and it made me so mad i smashed it on a wall.  very un-user friendly.  only good for the camera.

When I first got this phone about a year ago I was very excited. Like the other reviewers, PROS include long battery life, light weight, sleek design, and large screen. But CONS are also significant:- Microphone has problem! Ppl always complain how they can hear the background noise soooo well. It's annoying. No privacy, feels like.- Menu button (center one) too sensitive. I would push it to go to menu and it would go to Internet which costs money for my annoying At&t; phone plan.- Camera quality very bad. Blurry. Can hardly see what's in the pictures.In general, I think this phone was very good 2 years ago, pretty good a year ago, and if now, NO need to buy it! Buy the improved ones!

It's a great little phone.  Awesome downloadable ring tones, and the camera is useful enough for you to take quick pictures on the go.  T mobile seems to have really good customer service reps.  Amazon service reps kind of sucked though, so don't anticipate much help from amazon.

The phone is cool, it has a ton of really neat features and it's free with activation... BUT... The signal strength is so terrible here in Michigan that it is all but useless. Three of my friends have the same phone and they have the same problem. My old Samsung phone gets full signal both at home and in my office but this one bounces between 4/5 bars and 0/5 bars at both locations. It's not that one day it will be 3/5 and 2/5 the next, within 1 second it can switch from 0 to 4 bars and back again. The signal strength bars look more like a spectrum analyzer than a strength indicator. Driving with the phone is impossible, I can't go more than a few miles in town before it drops the a call. Do yourself a favor and get a phone with less form and more function.

I have had this for about two years now.  Here are my likes and dislikes.Likes:- Excellent sound quality.- Reception on par with other phones, even though it does not have a protruding antenna.- One can compose one's own ring tone.  I's not that difficult to learn it.- Battery life is good.- Small size, so it fits everywhere.Dislikes:- Buttons are too small.- Buttons are too hard to press.- Gets a lot of scrathces.- Picture quality is so-so.It's not so bad as many people say, if you can get one at a deeply discounted price.

woohh...it is a nice phone....it can be used by all.....

I have been using this phone for almost a year now.Pros:1.Looks sleek2.Nice games (Mini-Golf etc)3.Bluetooth is cool4.Plays mp3, wav files as ringtones5.Camera is alrite. Photos in bright light are good.Cons1.Bad reception (as compared to Nokia phones. My fone wouldnt work whereas friend's Nokia would work at the same location)2.Hangs (Freezes) once a while3.Some menu are hard to navigate (lot of clicks required)4.Display difficult to see in bright light

I think this is best phone becasue of its size,design,cost and bluetooth.

This phone is OK, but whatever you do, don't get T-Mobile! You can get this phone from At&t.; I have had the worst service from them, and since they have me in a contract for 6 more months, I'm stuck with them. As long as you have a contract with them, if you have a problem, they will basically tell you it's your problem. As soon as the contract runs out they treat you well to get you to sign up again. Coverage in the Portland Oregon area can be poor too. Ive had three dropped calls in the past week.Be careful, they make their plans look good, but if you sign up with them you will regret it. I sure do.

I was totally impressed about this Cell Phone. This has the best features like integrated Camera, Sleek Model, Can be used in more than 100 countries and has bluetooth technology. I would suggest you to buy this Cell phone if want be with the next generation tech.Thanks

After reading all the bad reviews, I bought this phone because it was -$200.  Bottom line, that really helps lower T-Mobile's bill over the next few months.  First off, the phone isn't really all bad.  Bluetooth, infared, nice little screen, joystick, and comes with a Windows software CD to sync your Outlook contacts.  I've experienced no freeze or signal problems whatsoever in Dallas/Fort Worth Texas area.Of course, phone has many downsides: The power plug is the worst design ever.  It's two plastic WIDE plugs with a metal contact between them.  You must forcefully jam the plugs into your phone and hear a snap as it barely fits in.  Only a matter of time before one of those plastic plugs breaks off and gets stuck in the phone, since pulling it out requires a lot of force.  Also the headset is a non-standard propietary clip-on that snaps in hard like the charger.  Why can't they just use a standard style plug?  Camera quality is also really poor, I wouldn't recommend sending pics to anyone.Would I pay real money for this phone?  No.  But a price of -$200 sold me.  Getting Outlook sync, decent screen, bluetooth, infared for that price made the phone a good purchase for a year's use.  Then I'll switch to something superior in late 2005.

I have had this phone for over a year and have had no problems with it. The software on the phones really nice and its never died on me. It has a very intuitive interface and is very easy to use. The screen size is good and accommodates good amount of text. A very nice basic phone. The camera is good, but pictures are more or less average quality. Fairly sleek.The cons are small keys and average-reception at best.

I've had mine for almost two months now and I'm happy with all aspects of this wonderful powerful phone.  Will definitely buy another S-E phone again in the future.  I still don't like T-Mobile's coverage and especially service support, but this phone is a star.  Some may find teh buttons a bit too small, but they are well-spaced so fine for my large hands.  Voice clarity is superb for me, and the quality/durability is great.

The Phone Itself is a great. The Color Screen is fabulous and the service is quite good in NJ/NY. I like the calender and the different organizing tools. The Different themes and modes allow you to modify the way u feel or want to be. Onli disadvantages are the clock screensaver and the camera has no zoom. The camera also gets dirty fast. I suggest u get a cleaner of some sort.

I'm in Sunnyvale, CA; where this phone (T-Mobile) has zero reception and my Sprint PCS phone has 3 of 5 bars when in the same location side-by-side.  the keys are extremely difficult to use.  the calendar/organizer feature is useless; the camera is a disgrace.  I returned mine.  I hope you avoid the hassle.

to the people complaining about standby time, im willing to bet big money that you didnt charge properly. i already read that one guy charged for four hours. you get full time as listed by sony if you do not use it at all when you first get it and charge it for twelve hours. then you use the phone until the battery dies out completely, and only then do you recharge it to full capacity. this phone is not your standard phone, it runs with a sony operating system, do not expect all new advances in technology (ie. os) to be simple. dont be tech dumb and complain. take some time to play with the phone get to know and you'll be able to access all the features blindfolded. dont tell me the first time you used windows and all other operating systems you were the super whiz. If you were, then you should be ashamed you cant handle this phone. with regard to buttons getting stuck and stupid crap like that, IT IS NOT A STANDARD. you either got stuck with a defective phone, or you did something to damage it. sony does not spend tens of millions for quality control to give you crap. overall its a good phone, most professional reviews praise it tremendously, most user critics have not made the effort to truly know the phone inside and out, a lack of knowledge makes for a lack of judgement.

Great features - except for the phone one.  Seriously - Bluetooth, IR, good phone book features, nice color display (though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses).  However, I get much weaker signals (and call quality) on this phone vs. my previous one.  If everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals, you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge, this is not the phone for you, unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone. :)

This mobile is really good.  It is a lot faster in operation of the menus than my previous phones (Siemens, Nokia)  The memory is a bit small, but you only run into problems if you take too many photos.  I was disapointed that you have to pay for t-zones to send photos to email addresses, but instead you can always transfer the photo via IR to your computer and attach it manually.  The little joystick nub thingy takes a little getting used to, but it really makes things easy to navigate.  I don't know how to switch between networks manually on the phone but that isn't such a big deal as there is coverage most everywhere I go.

I like this phone a lot.  It has everything and samll. Easy to carry around and has strong antena.

I Got this cell phone about 6 months ago, and i love it. It looks cool and has a lot of functions, but sometimes my joystick stick gives me problems. its hard to access the menu because you have to press the stick and it often interprets it as moving it down which accesses the phone book. i usually have to try 2 or 3 times before i can get to the menu. the joystick can also stick at times. the phone can also be really slow. things take a while to open and im not very patient. and i wish it were easier to change the volume, my old phone had buttons specifically for the volume, with this one you have to go to the menu/settings to change the volume, but easy access to vibrate- vibrate is only two buttons. last thing: phone doesnt seem to have much storage space for photos...i can only store up to 15, i even deleted all the pre-set graphics and smilies just to fit more.everything else about the phone is awesome! its easy to figure out and use, and its beautiful, great graphics and ringtones.

I got a Sony T610, a month ago from Amazon. Prior to that I had  Nokia 3650.Here is a comparison of the two phones:1. Reception ... Sony is definately better (when compared with the same service provider)2. Usability ... 3650 is much better (nothing beats the nokia menu when it comes to ease of use, its intutive and complete, sony is cryptic and incomplete)3. Size ... no argument here, the small and sleek T610 is better ... though the 3650 is not as big as it looks i.e. when using it, it fits comfortably in ur pocket/purse4. Features ...a. Infra red, blue tooth are there on both and are just as goodb. The camera picture quality is better in the 3650. Initially i was of the opinion that camera was more of a fancy addendum ... but after having a camera phone i am never going backc. The 3650 is a web enabled phone i.e you can browse the net using this phone (not there in T610) ... though i rarely used this featureTo sum it up, both phones have their pros and cons ... decide what factors are important to you and see which phone provides them better ... hope this helps!

This phone looks AMAZING, and I absolutly love that it comes with a free blue tooth headset! However I have had to deal with SONY's tech support with with a laptop I had and it was a horrible experience to say the least. So I am using all of my willpower to not buy this phone even though it looks so amazing.

I have been using this phone for last 6 months now and I'm pretty satisfied with the different features and quality of voice.I'm not going to write the list of features, but just my experiences with those and other observations which I've made.First, the positives:+ World phone, means tri-band, means will work in all the areas in the world: London, Asia, India, America, blah blah... I think if you buy the phone in US then the service provider has to give you unlocking code also to enable in all the regions, if you ask for it. In Canada, it takes around $30 CDN to get it done outside.+ good reception in LA, San Jose, Berkeley, Seattle area+ good roaming coverage in London, Toronto, Vancouver service providers also+ Bluetooth works standard+ good battery life, I generally charge this once in 3-4 days. Of course, it'll depend on your phone usage.+ IR works great. Have used to sync weekly, send pictures and polyphonic ring tones from computers etc.+ Sony ericsson also provides a sync software with MS Outlook where you can sync the outlook address book with the phone. I like this feature a lot since I always have a backup of contacts which I can print/send/manage on the computer too.+ sturdy, I've dropped it couple from times on the hardwood floor and concrete road from 3+ feet, but it still words great with just some scratches and dents+ Signal strength is around the same with other phones (Samsung E105)Now, the potential improvements:- camera isn't that great. It doesn't automatically gets the brightness and contrast. I've had better Panasonic phone cameraswith good pictures. This one adds a lot of snow effect also when the light is slightly dim.- This phone is much slower compared to my other Nokia phones. I've had Sony Ericsson t68i earlier and that was slow too. Something inherent to the operating system probably? Although, there are some other phone slower than this too.- Even when I lock the phone, the screens lights on when any key is pressed by mistake or when joystick moves. It probably eats up lot of battery life.- fine sleek metal casing and equally easy to get scratches.

I have been using this phone for four months. I am still monkeying around with T610. Here are the Pros and Cons I found so far...Pros :)1. As Every body says it.. Great Display.2. Very Compact... fits a mid size hand perfectly well!3. Ring tones are much better than those provided by Samsung et al!4. I don't feel there is any problem with Navigation with menu as described by other users.5. The battery life is also good (close to 4hrs of talking time)6. Finally... U have a music DJ...hmmm... May interest some ppl!I dropped my phone on a hard floor.. happy that it still functions properly... (except for a few scratches :-() rugged uh!now to the Cons :(1. The volume control doesn't work when you are in the main menu(the initial display screen). It gives the profile of the phone instead (some times irritating).2. Can't control the brightness. Some time too bright in the dark.3. No Speaker PhoneOther than these I am not able to find any negatives points for this piece.If ppl say that camera/pics are not of good qlty.. well go and buy yourself a digital camera and start shooting pics. This is just an added feature.Warning: If your palm is too large.. this phone might not fit to your needs... The keys are just the right size for phone of this size.The service from T Mobile is just ABOVE AVERAGE... nothing exceptional about it. I get lot of Spam text messages and they charge for that too. I tried blocking the text messages.. but it still comes.. no matter what I do. (I am really annoyed about this)Over all rating 4/5

After a month of use on this phone I have enough input to rate it. I am on the T-mobile network. I have owned Nokia 5160, 6162, and 8265.First the positives :)1. Very stylish2. Camera function3. Attaches pictures to call contacts4. Decent graphics and colors5. Blue tooth6. Black Jack game - sonyericsson.com7. Good polyphonic sound8. Reliable - Hasn't crashed or got stuck9. Small- not a bother to carry aroundNegatives :(1. Piss poor reception at times, my other phone got better  reception- May be t-mobile2. The novelty of a camera on a phone has worn off and the pictures are fuzzier than a truck driver's back.3. Battery easily drained - 48 hours without charging and you're dead..er it's dead4. Slow loading t-zones5. Not user friendly6. Takes a long time to do anything esp. write sms7. Calculator is limited8. Buttons are so close together it strains your fingers and you will make many keypad mistakes - Also hard to write messages9. Scrolls slowly; hard to go through call contacts and doesn't go to second letter in contact list10. Hard to hold in your hand esp. with long calls- small11. Scratches easily and the screen gets so dirtyHope this helps. That's all I can think about right now. I am used to Nokia but the idea of a camera phone made me curious and the 3650 was too large. Nokia 6600 camera phone with camera will be out soon. I'd give it 2.5 stars right in the middle but there was none, so I went down. Don't buy this novelty phone if you log a lot of minutes!

this is a great phone. good camera, good features, user friendly enough, reliable batt life, great sounds, good enough antenna. problems? when you upload pictures, the quality diminishes..nokia 3650 produces better pictures, memory is awfully low..only a handful of large pictures and that's it. reasons for buying it: camera, bluetooth, infrared, sleek looks, great sounds, voice features, and that the nokia 3650 was big and had a terrible keypad-circle. but this t610 is good. almost great... almost 5 star.

I think its an amazing deal. I got $175 to buy this phone.  the catch is that you have to sign up for a 1 year contract with tmobile which has average coverage, but its the best service if you use international SMS or even use text messaging a lot.  It takes some time to get use to the phones menu, but after a while you get use to it. For all the people reporting problems about "not loud enough ringers" there is an option in "settings/ sounds & alerts/ Increasing Ring" which makes the ringer loud enough.  What i found most useful are the reminder notes, send picture messages option, making voice notes and the stop watch.  Ok now what I dont like about the phone is the camera, the photos are really bad, not what you would expect from a sony phone. But I would strongly recommend the phone to anyone because you ACUTALLY END UP MAKING $175 by purchasing the phone.

An average phone with some good features.What I like:- Bluetooth- Big screen- The cammera- Good menu system- Tri-band- GPRS, WAVWhat I don't like:- Java MIDP 1 (not MIDP2). You can't access the bluetooth or IRDA from Java- Screen quality is badBottom line: For the price I paid (about US$155) I think It's a good phone, but I would really like if sonyericsson makes a firmware upgrade for Java.Sorry for the bad English

its a good phone, very compact and handy ...looks good.signalwise is ok ...but too many people have it..very common phone .blue tooth is good..only disadvantage is doesnt have speaker phone.difficult to see the screen in sunlight.

This phone has tons of features.  I've only had it for a few days and did a little searching and found sites with free ringtones, games, and wallpapers.  I bought a usb bluetooth adapter and now I can transfer files back and forth from my phone.  I did a bit more searching and found out how to control winamp from my phone.  The reception could be better, but its not terrible, I've had 1 bar on the phone and still had good reception.Pros:Many FeaturesGreat LookingGreat PriceCons:Smudges easilynot enough memoryThere are better phones out there, but for a phone that your getting money back, ya can't really complain too much.  As for T-mobile service, haven't had any problems, but I've only had the phone a few days. One complaint: They said it would take 14 days to switching over my old number.

Bought this phone less than a month ago.  It does not have a very strong signal reception even when within 100 yards of cell tower.  Do not buy.  Sony also has bad customer service when I called them.

This is a great phone. The cons are :-- No speaker phone. However, with Bluetooth, why do we need that?-Poor picture quality. However, it's a phone, not a camera.

I just bought the T610 and have been disapointed so far.  The charging circuit in the phone doesn't work properly (never confirms that the battery is fully charged, even after 8+ hours of charging.)  But more important, the phone's reception is very poor!  I live in the Seattle area.  Once in a brief while, I show all 5 bars on the display, but more often it's only 2 or 3, and a weak 2 or 3 at that.  My wife bought the Samsung E105 at the same time.  The side-by-side comparison is very interesting.  Her phone shows 5 bars (and gets great reception) most of the time; we're both on T-Mobile.  I bought the T610 primarily because I wanted Bluetooth, but it's not worth it.  My recommendation - steer clear of the T610.  If you buy it, I think you'll be disappointed too.

This phone has really bad reception. And it cuts in and out alot. One minute it'll be at 4 bars, then the next minute you'll have no service. I am getting rid of this phone.

I have owned this phone for over a year now. It is a tri-band phone so I have used it mostly in US and in Europe for a couple of months.In general, I like it because it is a small phone with a large, hi-res screen. It has a bluetooth chip, so I can sync it with my computer and use a wireless headset. I dropped it on hard surfaces more than a couple of times, it is quite sturdy but the aluminium cover have some scratches on it, which I don't mind.The reception is good in Chicago with T-Mobile. I guess the reception depends on where you live not on the phone. So I don't really agree with people complaining about bad reception. The battery life is acceptable, after a year it still lasts about 50 hours with a single charge and an hour of talk daily. I did not have any trouble with the buttons or the screen.Some shortcomings: the camera is practically useless. The user interface is tedious. Although I am good with gadgets I sometimes find it hard to locate a particular option in the menu. The phone has locked up a few times. Needed restarting/removing the battery. I must admit that I was experimenting with bluetooth connection and some experimental software.I can recommend it for people who are looking for a decent phone without the latest technology.

I can only speak about Cincinnati, Ohio where the reception driving around is shockingly bad, 4 bars to 1 bar in a second, or even 3 to 0 bars isn't exactly working for me. I can look down a the phone and get 3 bars then put the phone up to my ear and get NO reception. I have version RS1 of the software and I have heard getting it upgraded will help, we'll see. Old Nokia is the same area worked fine.Rest the of the functionality is awesome, I'm just praying I can impove the reception.

I bought this phone recently to replace my Nokia 6610 phone.  The Bluetooth was the selling point for me. However, the phone gets terrible reception in New York City where I live - I get garbled unintelligible calls where my Nokia (also T-Mobile) works fine. As previous reviewers have noted, expect 1-2 bars less reception with this phone.Interestingly the phone also has email capability, which doesn't appear to be advertised like it is for other newer phones. I currently have my pager email forwarded to the phone, alowing me to carry one less device.

Overall, I think that it's a safe investment in a mobile phone. One sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly, there's always a race to have the best.Right now, this phone is one of the best, without the 300+ pricetag. If you're paying 300 for it, you aren't getting a good deal.Clear reception, included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the R225 Samsung.Great display. Only downside is the wiping it off thing. Oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface. Very clear pictures and nice graphics.I give it a 10 out of 10.

I'm not sure why that previous reviewer was having problems with his phone crashing. I've had mine for more than 6 months and it hasn't crashed once. In fact, I don't think I've turned it off in more than a month, let alone had to take the battery/SIM card out, so I would say it's solid as a rock. On the other hand the first Sony phone I had, a T68i, was pretty buggy and I did experience the occasional lockup. Eventually it died, I replaced it with another T68i I bought used on eBay, and that one worked perfectly and still does. I guess the lesson would be: if your phone acts up at all when you get it, replace it right away and you'll be fine.I would say, of the 6 mobile phones I've had so far, this one is by far the best. It has great features, but even better it's nice and small, thin, light, but with a nice big screen. It's style is unlike any other phone on the market, and I like to be different. I like the open-face design better than a clamshell, since it's thinner. I've also NEVER NEVER had a problem with scratches or screen damage. I keep this phone in my front pocket all day, but it's still in almost like new condition. I used to worry that my wallet or keys or change would damage the phone, but I don't worry anymore.I was also concerned at first that the buttons were too small, but I've never had a problem dialing. I'm not sure how they did it, but it's really hard to mis-dial this phone, and I have fat fingers!I get compliments all the time. &quot;What kind of phone is that? Is that a camera? How cool! Can I see?&quot; :)

this is a great, feature-rich phone, in a very small and sleek package:pros:- great voice quality - folks i talk to using the t610 couldn't tell i was using a mobile phone.- tri-band (GSM 850/1800/1900) world phone.- very small and very light (you can put this in your jeans pocket and no one will know you're carrying a phone).- gorgeous 65k hi-res screen.- excellent battery life.- both the charger connection and the headset connection on the phone appear sturdy and built to last. much better than the samsungs i've had before where the charger connection was flimsy and bent with normal use.- this phone has an intuitive interface but to really get the most out of this phone, a quick read-through of the owner's manual will help.- has bluetooth which is really, really cool when coupled with a wireless headset. can also be used to sync and exchange files with your bluetooth enabled computer.- also has an infrared port. i used this to download my contacts from my (non-bluetooth) PDA.- wireless web ready.- built-in camera.- voice-activated dialing.- large color display, 65k colors.- supports MMS.- polyphonic ring tones.cons:- internal memory support up to 510 numbers - i could use more.- screen could be better in bright daylight.- don't expect to take high quality still shots using this phone.- smudges easily.- only three games included (not a big deal for me).- no built-in speakerphone.- headset connection is proprietary.bottom line: if you're in the market for a new phone, check this one out. with amazon's rebate offer and free bluetooth headset, this is definitely a great buy.i hope this helps you with your buying decision.  peace.

I bought this phone almost exactly a year ago. I decided to write a review after seeing some negative reviews that seem unfounded. First off, if your phone doesn't work from the get-go, then you have a defective unit and should purchase another. But let's move on...Pros:1. The sound quality of the phone is great (not the best)2. Terrific connectivity options - I use the bluetooth so that I can browse the web w/ my PDA. Oh, and despite the fact that is phone is WAP enabled, you still must purchase the WAP from your provider (as one reviewer failed to see, just because a computer comes ready to connect to the internet doesn't mean that they provide you internet service for free). Also, the irDA port can be used the same way. Plus you can get a bluetooth headset and just throw your phone in a bag/pocket and use the voice commands.3. The themes and games are fun and nice way to personalize the phone. You can get more games from the internet to send to your phone.4. Built-in camera. This is definitely not a great camera, but it will suffice for an impromptu photo-op when you wouldn't normally have a camera handy. Plus, add the pictures I take of my friends to their numbers so that when they call their picture shows up.5. Very long battery life. This phones battery has outperformed any that I have ever had.6. Price. Especially if you buy from Amazon.com, enough said.7. The menu is very intuitive and you can add shortcuts to your favorite items like alarm or calculator, etc. Plus the menu stick can be programmed to bring certain things up depending on which way you push it from the default screen.And now on to the CONS...1. The screen is VERY hard to see in sunlight. Not impossible, but very annoying.2. I find the phone's volume to be satisfactory on the highest setting when on a busy street, but not as loud as I would have hoped.3. Ring volume. The ring needs to be LOUDER. I have missed calls because of this. It can't compare to some of the motorola and samsung phones that I have seen.4. Signal strength. This phone does have good signal strength, but it seems like most newer phones are better. So if that is MOST important to you, you should see what it is like in your area. In the DC metro, I have great coverage except in some large buildings, whereas my wife's phone does a little better. So basically the quality degrades more quickly, but the sound is still good at low signal strength.That's pretty much it. I think it's a great phone, but I wish the screen was more visible in sunlight and that it was louder. I do recommend this phone, especially if you have the "toys" to take advantage of all of its features (bluetooth headset,laptop or PDA)

I just changed my carrier after I finished my contarct with Cingular. I had Nokia 3560 when with Cingular. Here are some of my experiences:Pros:Small PhoneCons:1) Practically useless camera2) Low Volume3) Always starts with a low volume when phone rings(even when the increasing ring option is set to 'off')4) I think the reception is kind of low to this phone (even T-mobile might have poor siganl). With my Cingular I always had an excellent signal whereever I go.5) When you are in deeper level menu, we cannot come to main menu in one step. SO suppose if you are in 4th level menu, you have to press 'back' 4 times to come back to main screen.6) Few ringtones with phone.

I enjoy the phone a lot. It's small, good battery life, syncs contacts and calendar with my computer, has a built-in camera, etc. The only 2 complaints I have with the T610 is:- Only OK reception- Not enough memory to really enjoy the camera or recordingsT-mobile's service and plans have been great to me, but the network has been dodgy.  Some places get outstanding reception, some places terrible.  The real kicker is that sometimes the distance between 5-bars and 0-bars is only a couple of feet.  While driving you especially notice, as often calls will get dropped.

I should have known because of Ericsson's past that this phone would have issues.  First of all let's start with the display...  The display is so poor that it renders the phone useless in daylight.  The screen is impossible to see even with the highest contrast theme enabled.  Obviously, quality control was asleep behind the wheel with this one.  Second, the reception is very poor.  The phone drops calls all of the time.  I know it is the phone because my previous phone did not do this.  DO NOT LET THE LOOKS OF THIS PHONE FOOL YOU!  If you can, get the Motorola V200.

Horrible reception. Most of the time my SE T610 displays &quot;No Network&quot; or &quot;No Access&quot; inside my house. I live in the New York City Metropolitan area, not in the middle of nowhere.  My partner has a Samsung R225 with T-Mobile and he usually has 1 to 3 bars. T-Mobile refuses to give me another phone model. They will only replace my phone with the same model (which they have and I still get no reception inside my house). Poor customer service. Will go with another carrier when my contract is up in a few months (and get different phone, as well).

It is a bad phone when it comes to performance. I had many phones (GSM and non-GSM; USA and abroad) in the past and this one rates lowest in performance.Signal reception is bad. I always hear some strange electronic flash noises. I was once told by a mobile phone company  representative that this phone is not high on performance. I tested this phone along with some other brands from same phone provider (T-mobile) from two different locations (work and home). This one failed with a poor grade.Only feature I liked is the ability to sync contacts on this phone and Outlook contacts on laptop, wireless.No wonder they give $150.00 back on this phone. Looks like even phone maker wants to get rid of this from their warehouse!!!

When I bought it the reception in my area and important streets in springfield were not covered, I thought it is T-mobile service.Then a friend who has an old Nokia 3310, told me he has no problem and the coverage is very good and actually he had the erricson-sony phone but he got rid of it because it was not getting good reception.....

I picked this phone up for a great deal from Amazon--and, really, at the price, it's like getting three free months of service.  No complaints there.Overall, I like the phone.  No major, I-wish-I-hadn't-picked-this-phone complaints.  It's small, but not too small (no problems hearing or being heard), it's sturdy, and it's pretty smart.  It does a decent job as a phone.  And of course there are some nifty extras, like the camera (not great quality, of course, but it's cool to snap the face of everyone in your phone book and see their face pop up when they call or send a message), and the bluetooth (no trouble synchonizing with PC or playing multiplayer bluetooth games).  Also great battery life (typically 2-3 days heavy use, 3-4 days light).But there are a lot of frustrations.  Just to name a few:- The volume buttons, on the side of the phone, are next to the camera button.  Sometimes when I try to adjust the volume during a phone call, I hit the camera button, and then the phone goes into camera mode (why? even during a call), and I can't even hang up from the call without fussing with the phone.- It has voice-dialing, and announces by voice or unique ringtone when someone registered in your phonebook calls, but I can't get the voice-dialing or speed dial features working (I haven't tried too hard, but it's non-intuitive).- The web browser can be really frustrating.  The interface is clumsy, and slow, and some of the input menus on tzones are terrible.- Occasionally when I try to do something like run a game, I get a message about "insufficient memory"--what is this?- The phone freezes up sometimes.  It only happens about once every other week, which isn't too bad.  I'll pull it out of my pocket and not be able to unlock it or something, so I pop out the battery and then it works fine again.- Typing messages is SLOW.  After you've typed just a couple of lines, the input lags way behind and is prone to making mistakes.  Don't expect to write any novels on this phone.- The flimsy little "joystick" in the middle of the phone is too small and hard to handle.  Thankfully you can usually use the buttons instead.I've had no particular problems with reception around New York City.  It does get less reception than other T-mobile phones in the same places, but even with one bar the connection is usually solid.

This phone is fine but the joystick will break and you will not be able to use the phone.

This Phone has all usefull featurs that you need. Just go for it, specially when Amazon has a good deal on this phone now.

Trust me everyone, you go out and buy a flip phone you will be SORRY! This Sony T610 has fallen from my hands on the cement like 10 times and it has not yet been broken. The scratches are barely visible on the black faceplate. This phone has been made to be really durable.Now, this phone is also compact and extremely light. Another pro. Personally I do not like flip phones because they break in an instant if you drop them.If you take care of this T610 it will take care of your needs. If you don't like the games, no problem, either buy a data cable and transfer or jsut download them from your service provider's internet service.T-mobile is great for me so far, its service is great in L.A.TRUST ME EVERYBODY, YOU SHOULD BUY THIS PHONE! (...)

I have been a T-Mobile subscriber for a couple of years. I recently got this phone and compared to my older Samsung S105, this phone has a horrible reception. Also, a lot of times you just lose the network and have to manually select the network.A phone's main functionality is talking. There's no use in packing all the functionality if you cannot talk/hear clearly.

Some of the features that i have liked on this phone1. Small size - much smaller than Nokia 36502. Nice ring choices. I dont go for the fancy tones so the old phone tune is a good addition3. Syncs with my outlook contacts, calendar etc very well and reminder can be set to vibration only4. Decent memory size5. really like the golf game on the phone6. Last but not least - calling card dialing feature is very good as i buy lots of calling cards for international callsSome small negatives1. Camera is useless which i think is the same for most phones out there. Get a digital camera if you want to take good photos2. THe menu is a little difficult to traverse. Its not as intuitive as one would like it to be.Overall a good phone and a good buy

My wife and I both have this phone, and while it is an acceptible gizmo with plenty of features, after over a year, I still hate the UI compared to Nokia.  Maybe subjective, but I have to hit waaay too many buttons to get things done.The joystick has gone wonky on both of our phones, I'm guessing this is not uncommon.Not enough space to store more than a couple of poor quality photos.

The phone is great--IF you like using proprietary headsets!  Don't buy this phone unless you enjoy using a crappy headset, as namebrand headsets will not work with it.

I have had this phone with T-Mobile plan for 6 months now. As Amazon was offering a great deal on it, I and 2 of my friends bought it together.First friend's experience:He is happy with phone. Works great. Reception is great. He gets great singals in his house and other confined palces.My experience:Very bad signal strength. In the same room where my above mentioned friend has a great singal strength, my phone is totally out of signals. And now, the display has developed a patch. Perhaps LCD has burnt out. I called Sony for repaire. They want me to mail it to some place and I will have to be without phone for 8-10 days. They are not willing to provide a replacement.Second friend's experienceHis phone went dead just in two days. He got a replacement. That wend deat also. He got a third phone and he has OK signal strength (not really great, not bad either).One common problem that we all have faced is that during some operations it freezes completely and we have to reboot the phone (I guess some bug in phone OS)

It is sleek and stylish and has a large screen and long batt. life, so I thought seems like a nice phone. Then I started using it. There are so many problems with this phone which result from simply poor design. Here are a couple of the more critical. The screen is useless outdoors and in the sun, forget about trying to see it, you need a hood, literally(even using your hand to shade it barely works). The exteral side buttons are not programable, dedicated to camera and internet fuctions ONLY and they are too sensitive, so while talking you inadvertently take pictures or put it in the camera mode(and camera is poor quality) The joystick and the menu are &quot;cute&quot; but poorly implemented, the joystick is a button inaddition to the pointing device and you end up pressing the button while trying to nav. thru the icon. The icon, again are cute, but no fast way-shortcut to get to a function, and the list goes on and on.DONT BUY IT.

i really feel bad that i bought this phone,please do not buy this phone .the user interface is very poor .

this phone crashes all the time. it has trouble charging (it won't recognize the charge plug, even sometimes during a charge, so it won't actualy cahrge at all). i have a hard time making calls taht are not in my area code (t-mobile recognized this problem...and did nothing....go t-mobile). don't waste your money. buy motorola (sometimes those work) or nokia. sony makes the worst products, be it stereos, headphones, cd players or cell phones.

I ordered the sony t610+T-mobile on the 24th of dec on amazon since a two hundred dollar rebate on the hundred dollar phone phone was quite irrestible. I had my reservations though and I went over the return policy of both amazon and t-mobile very carefully.Even though I ordered it with super-saver free shipping, it reached me on the 29th (just 2 working days). I am in love with this phone ever since.Pros:1. Reception/Clarity: Fantastic. Extremely clear at both ends from preliminary tests. The signal strength is close to 4 bars always inside the house. Have to try it outside more though. The reception is good even when the signal stregth is about 1-2 bars. I had great reception at Mt. Bachelor too.2. Looks: Super good looks. Elegantly simple and stylish. Small size. Feels pretty solid. Will have to buy a case. Surface gets greasy when held for a long time.3. Controls/Usability: This is my first cellphone. I havn't consulted the manual yet but I have navigated and used virutally every feature very easily. Highly intuitive and simple to use interface.4. Display/Ringtones/etc: Big bright beautiful display for such a small phone. The ring volume seems adequately loud and can be easily adjusted.5. Battery Life: I don't use the phone too much as of now, but the phone uses about 20% of battery each day once it is fully charged. I talk for about 1-2 hours at most in a day so it is mostly idle. But I don't foresee any problems in this area.6. Connectivity: not yet tested.7. Jabra Handsfree set: Got the Jabra Handsfree bluetooth headset free. It's pretty cool and the reception is pretty good inside the house. have to use it in the car still.Cons:Setup: The only problems I had were with setting up the phone. 1. The simcard slot and clamp were a bit delicate looking. I thought I'd break it but it needs a little pressure to slide it into place. Din't do any damage.2. It is not clear which way the battery goes in. Funny thing is it fits both ways. Make sure when you insert the battery, the label with the battery specs faces outward. I put it in the wrong way and I was wondering why it wasn't displaying anything even though the charging light was on. The instruction manual needs to be more clear about this.All in all, I got no complaints. This is an unbelievably good deal and t-mobile have been pretty nice in terms of CS so far. I'm very happy with the purchase and very impressed with amazon. Hopefully, I should get the rebates without any trouble and this will be the best ever purchase.

I sell t-mobile these phones have the highest return rate and the most terrible signal. I hate these phones!!! I will never buy another sony/ericsson phone ever again. ericsson shouldnt have merged with sony. ever since they did they are junk. Get a good camera phone like the motorola v300 or the samsung e715. dont waste your time or money on this i swear trust me.

Got it yesterday and have been thrilled with it. Part of the excitement is also migrtating from a 4 line text display to a full colour one with 'stuff' like SMS and mail etc. But overall the phone is good value for money (free? could it be better?) and works well with the Jabra freespeak that came with it.The only gripe i have is that the new phones (or may be just this one) doesnt automatically switch across timezones. The 'auto timezone' feature only flips between winter and Daylight savings in the current timezone. You also have to manually set the time in the machine as well (this is probably a service provider issue)!! That kinda sux cos I travel a lot and was used to that 'feature' (?) on the old cell.Other than that, its cool. Buy the right calling plan and you can do a lot with this fone. It is NOT the porche/lamborgini of phones so dont too many cool features like in the new P900. But whatever it has, works well. Good for the casual user. If you intend to work with lots of documents etc on the cell, get a PDA!This is primarily a voice call cell phone with excellent text and picture messaging capabilities. The regular address book / organizer / settings are common across all phones. I still have to figure out how to have a personalized ring tone for my sweety but other than that, controls are intuitive (RTFM in case they arent for any reason!) and its lighter than a lot of phones I have tried.Voice quality is good (even on the jabra freespeak), but I have a wireless network at home and beyond 15 feet (and 2 walls) the bluetooth quality degrades gracefully. People in my workplace are surprised to see me 'talking to myself' !! :) its cool. works, fashinable, light, right size and works well. Power users should buy a PDA but I recommend it to the regular user (primarily voice calls / SMS).

This phone offers everything you need. It's like a secretary. The features include a calendar, internet, camera (etc.). The camera is the best part because once someone in your phonebook has a picture, that picture shows up when they call or text you. The camera also comes with effects (B&W, Sepia or Negative). For the games you get minigolf (pretty good), deep abyss (like mario in a volcano), and five stones (basically tic-tac-toe). Any other questions just e-mail me.

T Mobile activates the phone the date in which it is ordered and therefore, you are billed for days in which you do not yet have the phone.  T Mobile is aware of this and obviously takes advantage of this to overbill their customers.  For each customer the amount may be small.  I didn't receive my phone for a few weeks so it was larger but given the number of customers, the amount is likely to be very large.

I LOVE the size, the look, the price, the funcionality, the 500 capacity phone book, the voice recorder, the bluetooth, the camera is a nice thing to have, the talk time is OK (not nearly as good as they claim).One minor detail: IT DOES NOT WORK VERY WELL AS A PHONE. At least in Chicago, you WILL get dropped calls and poor reception at times, especially indoors and while driving. I might recommend this phone for light or personal use, but not if you use it for business.

I've owned this phone for about a year now before this I had had Motorola, Nokia and Sony Ericsson previous models, but this phone is the best of all.  Phone has a very stylish design and many features that helps user to check new messages, SMS (text messages), use joystick for shortcuts and voice-dialing (!) - this feature beats all.  Using voice-dialing user can setup up a contact plus 5 different ways to dial (home, cell phone, work, fax, other), and this is not all.  Features like Calendar will help you to set up an appointment, schedule a phone call, add reminder and will ask you to change profile when this event starts like Meeting - transfer all you calls to another phone or your exam class - put on silent mode.I would not recommend this phone to people who don't care for features at all and just need to dial a contact and two buttons Call and Cancel.This phone does have one problem - screen is difficult to "read" on a very bright sun. Hopefully  the next generation of these phones will "solve" this issue.If you decide to buy this phone you will not be disappointed.

hi guysI have this phone over a year now and I am truely satisfied with it.I never faced any problems with call dropping and it always served it master very well.Although camera is of poor Quality , if ppl are thinking pictures of mountains, football game i think they didnt get the real use of camera. Digital cameras are available outside.Bluetooth and infrared rocks. I am using Jabra BT250 with it and i have no doubts.Overall i would suggest this phone to people who are looking for bluetooth wireless technology, camera and who truely love SONY Products like me. others shouldnt buyThanks

I received this phone yesterday. Intially, I ordered the other model T616 with AT&amp;T. There was nothing wrong with phone but my phone came with long distance number from my home area. AT&amp;T could not resolve this issue in timely manner plus lately, AT&amp;T customer service is at worst as their systems are down most of the time and the wait time to reach customer service is way to long (45 minutes to an hour OR sometime they dont answer the call at all).So, I ordered T610 with T-Mobile and so far everything is great. Sorry, AT&amp;T as I lost faith in your services. This phone has lots of neat features. I used to have Nokia 8210 model which was small enough to fit in my pocket. T610 is almost the same size and I am hoping that, it will last for long time as my Nokia 8210 did. This phone is very well designed. I am pleased with this phone. Now, Nokia has tough competition now.

I like this item B0000AGRYX very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it

I purchased the T610 little over two months ago, and I should say that, this is a beautiful phone, looking as sharp as it is! Its sleek and elegantly solid design is distinguishing it well above all the competition. It is visually powerful in every detail.Apart from its design features I need to say that it has some shortfalls and details needing improvement. It had never crashed on me, yet, and has proven its reliability. The network connections are up to T Mobile, and depend also on the region in which is being used. But, don't forget that it is a &quot;world&quot; phone, designed for, and available all around the world. The battery life is the one that needs most improvement, and the &quot;joystick&quot; is too sensitive. Its interface may not be the most user friendly, but the Bluetooth technology is quite useful especially when is accompanied by free Jabra headset! By the way, its original headset is not up to the standarts of this particular phone, since its a cheap carry over from previous models. It does not have built in FM stereo, but there is a mini FM attachment available on the market. The color display is probably one of the best in the market, but the camera capabilities are almost useless, unless there is an &quot;emergency&quot;. Talking about comparison with other phones on the market, and after owning and using Nokias, Siemens, and others, I reckon that each set has its ups and downs, and is designed with specific goals, for particular market. And the idea of a &quot;perfect&quot; cell phone, could hardly be conceived and accomplished.Overall it is an excellent phone that is already quite popular everywhere, and has proven the partnership between Sony and Ericsson, as a succesful one!

6 months ago I was looking for a light and camera phone.Since then I recomanded it to all my family members and friends.It is very light, pocket phone elegant with its double color dress, silver and black - I recommend it for a buisness use too.The bluetooth let me synchronize to my office computer in a sec.I upload pictures, data (calendar, appointments) voice notes etc...and you can hook it to your PDA or laptop for an internet connection. One word: WONDERFUL

This phone does everything but phoning well. With the exception of reception and sound quality, this phone is really nice. Its stylish, has lots of cool features... The ring tone is also not very loud even when set to max. the screen is not  very bright so its hard to see outside in the sun. But the key is poor reception, which seems to be because of the lack of an external antenna.

don't know anything about the phone or service, but i ordered the package from amazon on dec. 2 and it has not yet shipped.  it's the 17th today.  i elected to use super saver shipping.  big mistake.  pay the extra 10 dollars and hope you have better luck than me.

I've had ~10 cell phones in the last 8 years, and this by far my favorite.INTERFACE: Excellent interface and controls - the joystick is literally a joy to use. Designed to be easily used with one hand. The screens are laid out logically and intuitively. Once using a phone with a joystick control, there's no going back.SIZE AND SHAPE: excellent. Easily fits into a shirt pocket. Does hot have protruding antenna to snap off like my previous Motorola phone.RECEPTION: very good, perhaps not as good as some other phones. But this has not been a problem for me. Why? My previous phones would get reception in some ares where this phone will not, but it was BAD reception - the kind where you can only hear every other word. With my T610 it tends to either have adequate reception or no reception. I much prefer this than trying to speak to someone with a crappy connection where everyone gets frustrated. I also get good reception where I expect it, unlike my previous AT&T; phone.TMOBILE SERIVCE: Ok so far, but some issues. I am having a problem sending e-mail from my phone. Only about 1/2 of them seem to get delivered. Will have to see how I manage this on my bill, as I had to resend several pictures from a vacation. Don't want to pay for sending the same pics twice. t-zones is ok, but probably not worth the extra $5. They need to get more content out there.CAMERA: I thought this was stupid when I ordered the phone, but I'm actually using it. It allows me to take quick, spontaneous shots and immediately send them to people. Very cool and fun. The quality of the picture is not good - it's a phone, not a digital camera. Given the size and convenience, it's great.VOICE QUALITY: great. Sounds as good or better than any phone I've had.SUMMARY: great phone, some T-mobile issues need to be worked out, but so far this is a 5 star phone.

A great phone with great features. I bought a Bluetooth USB adapter for my computer and now transferring files to and from the phone and synchronizing the contacts is really fast and easy. Its amazingly small and light for all the goodies that it packs. Highly recommended. I only wish that it allowed storage of street addresses along with the telephone numbers.

My T610 stop responding to any key press in various scenerio like when I am done with the call or I want to press 1 for messages and so on. It does not respond to any thing...!!!! You wait till it reboots or you manually remove Battries...!!I have exchanged the instrument three times already with same result.

The only two good things about this phone is that it is a tiny, beautiful machine, and the joystick is an absolute "joy" (no pun intended) to use.  Other than that though, do not get this phone, even though you can get it for free.  You can also get a refurbished Motorola V600 from ATT, and it's been giving me less problems than this piece of junk.First off, this phone has terrible reception problems.  I can barely get a signal at my home, whereas my other phones have at least two bars all the time.  I couldn't get a signal at the mall, which was really ridiculous.  It's not T-Mobile's service, it's this phone.  I get better reception on my refurbished V600.Secondly, this phone crashes a lot.  Granted, the V600 was problematic at first, but that has been remedied.  I don't see a recall of this lousy piece of crap, they just keep selling it like nothing is wrong with it.  There is something wrong with it, which is why they're giving it away for free.  Every time I'm chatting through Powerchat, the phone locks up in couple of minutes.  I don't know if it's just my phone, but it's really annoying.  Also, I cannot access Yahoo Messenger from the E-mail & IM menu in t-zones; I have to go onto the Yahoo site and access Messenger from there.  Really time consuming.  I just wish this phone didn't have the software problems that it has.  For a person who bought this phone to use all it's features, I'm pretty annoyed and disappointed.Lastly, I know that camera phones don't really have good picture quality, but come on.  The picture quality on this phone is absolutely terrible.  It doesn't even have 640x480 resolution on this camera. The highest setting is 288x352, which is kind of disappointing, because it doesn't capture the kind of detail you wish it had when sending picture messages.  There's no point in picture messaging with this phone.  I sent a picture to a friend, and he couldn't even see me.  Can you see me now?  No.I know that some people will say that this phone is a hand-out and I shouldn't complain about it, but I PAID for this phone.  I got it before all the discounts being offered, and it was just a waste of money.  I should have stuck to Samsung.  I've never had any problems with their products.  I just wished they stopped selling phones that had so many problems like this.  A dissatisfied consumer.Edit - Feb. 2005After six months of use, I'll ease a little off the animosity that I have towards this phone.  A couple of issues that have popped up since then:- Am not able to download games.  What?!?  You mean to tell me that "Although your phone is capable of downloading games, your phone is not currently supported."  Well actually, I am able to download games, just not from T-Mobile.  Oh well.  Get over it.- Volume is not as loud as I would like it to be.  Of course, I have to give this phone credit, it's louder than my old Samsung phone.- It can take a long time for the phone to catch up to you when you're text messaging at times (at least when using multi-tap}I love the form factor of this phone.  The menu, with the exception of the call log and saving voice messages, is very intuitive, made all the more so by the joystick.  The camera isn't great, but it's a phone, not a megapixel digital camera.  But other than that, if you live in an area where T-Mobile coverage is only fair, I'd suggest getting another phone, as this phone WILL HAVE TROUBLE PICKING UP A SIGNAL.

Pros:- Compact, though large enough to use even if you have big hands like me- Looks very nice, black and chrome- Excellent screen colour and resolution- Reception seems good. I live in a particularly bad area and I've not had trouble getting a signal outdoors.- Bluetooth is very well integrated, easily controlled and works with all the other BT devices I have (Tungsten T, iBook with D-Link adaptor)- Menu system and interface generally very easy to use- Calendar, phonebook, email/messaging, all present and work well- Sound is clear- Java and Mophun. I'd not tried Mophun games before but they're good. Keypad is a bit too small for serious arcade action.Cons:- Low memory. Delete the themes, games, images and sounds you're not using and you will have room for taking pictures. This is the most annoying feature if you download a lot or like to take pictures.- Screen is a little hard to read in direct sunlight (I have not found this much of a problem)- Camera not particularly good (I moved from a Nokia 3650 which had a far better camera) and seems to encode JPEGs rather inefficiently.- No XHTML browser, if that matters to you.- Prone to getting fingerprints all over it. You'll need to wipe it down occasionally.Conclusion:I'd recommend the T610 to anyone. It's perhaps a little overpowered for the really casual user who just wants to make a few voice calls, but even for that sort of person it has all the features they'd want. For a power user who doesn't want a big smartphone like the 3650 it is ideal - particularly if you use Bluetooth.You might want to wait for the Z600 to be available in the US, which is apparently even better.

(...)I been using this phone for a few months now and think it's pretty good.  The phone is not however without its faults.The Bad:On of the most annoying thing about this phone is that when you have it locked any key pressed will turn on the screen (at reduced brightness).  This means that back light spends a lot of time on reducing stand by time.Something that will bug many people is that this phone is not that fast.  The user interface is easy to figure out and is faster then a Motorola T720i but slower then a Nokia 3560, both of which I have owned before.Another annoying thing is that the buttons are very small.  Which is the price you pay for such a sleeking looking phone I guess.  In my opinion it's worth it.Speaking of buttons, they are not reprogramable as with some Motorola phones that I have had in the past.This phone looks great but scratches easily.  Also Sony Ericsson includes a soft terry cloth to clean it off because they know that this thing picks up fingerprints easily.The reception is one of the best features about this phone.  I have used in the throughout the Los Angeles area and in New York City recently.  In fact I got a call while on the subway in Brooklyn!The camera is a gimmick.  It's basically useless. But if your subject is about a foot away from the camera and very well light the picture may come out ok.  The screen can display much better images then the camera can take.  I've used the infrared port to send high quality images to the phone and used them as wallpapers, and this works great.So for anyone considering this phone I would have to say that you probably couldn't do any better, and at this price (...) I know you couldn't.

I have had this phone for about a year now. And my happiness with it has gone downhill since day one.First of all, the reception seemed to get worse and worse.  Now its to the point I cannot wait for my contract to end so I can get a new one.  And when I talked to the t-mobile guys in the mall, they said that this phone is known to have crappy reception.  Coulda used that info a year ago.Second, its way way way too quiet.  Even at full volume, it will not even come near comparing any moderately new phone out there (namely the motorola V300 and V600 that my girlfriend and roommate have, respectively).  This becomes very annoying if you aren't hiding by yourself in a box where it is very quiet.  But you won't have to worry, because you won't get strong enough reception to make a call anyway, whew!Minor things.  The phone is easily scratched.  After 11 months, 60% of the time when I press the 6 key, it punches in two 6s which is real nice.  Battery life doesn't really last more than 3 days under less than average use (I use like 200 or 300 of my min a month, tops).  Camera is blah, screen is too small.  Did I mention the reception is really bad?  Cuz it is.This phone was great when I had free t-zones, but T-mobile took them away from me. :-(  It was the only thing I was enjoying on my phone.BTW, as far as my other friends have noticed, no one has issues with T-mobile service here in East Lansing, MI.So, if I can tell anyone reading these things one thing, spring the extra few bucks for a flip phone from anyone but Sony.  Seems I have gotten what I paid for.  Oh well, live and learn.  Hopefully the V300 treats me better

I switched to this phone from Sprint in an attempt to save a little money. Aside from very poor coverage this phone is just terrible.  The buttons are too small and I can barely dial correctly without holding the phone 2 inches from my face.  The phone works poorly in crowded or noisy situations and  and those I call have difficulty understanding me when I take a call while in a car.  This coupled with unintuitive menus and seeming lack of shortcuts to any basic functions.  I can't read the screen in direct sunlight.  When I put the phone in my pocket it always dials someone unless I remember to "lock" the phone.  The camera takes poor pictures, and stores very few.  Bluetooth, 90% of people don't need it and if you turn it on it shortens your battery life. I just want to place calls quickly and easily and put the phone back in my pocket. This phone has a tiny joystick for navigating the impossible menus.  That joystick is operated by your thumb and doubles as a button. More often than not I end up pressing the joystick too hard and selecting some unwanted menu while trying to navigate at a snails pace to the contacts menu.  The entire phone's design is basically dismal. I'm almost at the end of my contract, I've been using this phone for nearly 10 months and I'm going STRAIGHT back to some sort of sprint flip phone.  Then I'll be albe to 1. open phone 2. place call 3. close phone.  Sounds almost too good to be true.

I have had a lot of phones over 3 years (from nokia 3390, 3395, siemens, samsun ngh625 and lastly T616) and now i just recently bought two 610's. They are a piece of art. I have never loved any phone this much. And for the price (100 dollars back in pocket) there is no comparison.The ring tones are amazing, the contacts manager is just great. I love the bluetooth and sync it with my laptop all the time with my outlook. I love the feature of associating photos taken from the camera with the contacts so that when you get a call the photo pops up.Sound quality and reception has been comparable to most phones i had (i was on cingular and just moved to tmobile).The buttons might be a little small for someone with huge hands but they are fine.The gprs also works great to surf and email from the phone or surf the web from your bluetooth pc.The IRDA also works well but why use the slow connection when you have faster bluetooth.I have tried syncing between phones,pc,pda and everything works great.A must have if this is your first or the 50th

What can I say that hasn't already been said before about this phone.  Simply put, it's one of the best phones currently out there.  Yeah, some people on Amazon have touted how much they love the Nokia 3650 (which I might add is simply too large a cell phone, IMHO, compared to others currently available like the T610).  I thought long and hard about getting the T610 and compared it to the Nokia 3650 and I am so happy I went with the T610.  If you're on the fence, do yourself a favor:  go to your local phone dealer and compare the two side by side.  Hold them in your hand, and if you can, switch them on and compare screens, etc.  For me, the 3650 just felt - well...like I was holding a very big phone in my hand - too big for my tastes and too big to put in my pocket.  I also don't like Nokia's user interface.  Nothing out there beats the Ericsson GUI (graphical user interface).  It's so intuitive and straight forward that one can master this phone right out of the box in minutes.  Design wise, it's simply a work of art.  Smooth lines, fits nicely in the hands, buttons are well spaced (although small - but not a problem), all features and functionalities are nicely executed.  Bluetooth with the Jabra headset is simply awesome.  Very cool and works well.  Voice commands work for the most part (I've yet to see it work with ANY phone 100% of the time which is a result of the technology itself and not the phone), infrared (IR) is cool too - you can send contacts or your business card to anybody with a Palm, Handspring, other phone with IR, etc.  A very nice feature. Picture associated caller ID is a wonderful feature as are custom ringtones.  The ringtone composer (DJ feature) is extremely cool and allows you to completely compose and customize your own individual rings from scratch and they're not wimpy tones, they're like real music thanks to the Megatones feature - this is cooler than it sounds because virtually every phone out there today has annoying standard ring tones and this allows you to freshen yours up if your old one starts to grate the nerves.  As for the camera, YES, it's not a 5 megapixel digicam but, like others have said, -- IT'S a PHONE - and just happens to have a camera built into it - it's not a camera with a phone attached.  If you really want to take high quality pictures, get a camera.  The built-in camera is suitable for what it's used for plus it does have some extra cool features (nite, sapia, etc.).  Finally, it feels like a solid phone as it's constructed of aluminum and hard plastic.  Nothing cheap about this phone except it's price (FREE!!!).

On the surface, this appears to be a good phone, and there's nothing to tip you off about two major flaws in any of the reviews or documentation available.1.  You cannot store multiple entries for the same 10-digit phone number; for example, parents who live at the same house but carry different cell phones, or business contacts with the same main number and different extensions.  Nor is there any provision for dialing an extension automatically after a main number.  Say you deal with Tom in Marketing at 111-555-6666 ext 222 and Mary in Legal at 111-555-6666 ext 333.  Most phones will allow you to insert a non-numerical character to indicate a pause before dialing the appropriate extension.  Not so with the T610, which only allows numerical characters.  Both Tom's and Mary's numbers would both be stored under Mary's entry in the phone book, and you will be, as I am, carrying an additional notepad with all their extensions on it.ADDENDUM: Thanks to Brightcell's contribution, I know how to insert a pause after a main number.  :)  However, the phone strips off non-numeric characters when importing from a PC address book, and there's nothing about "pressing and holding 7" in the T610 manual.  Neither T-Mobile user support nor technical support was aware of this feature. To be completely fair, I tacked on a star to my overall rating.2. If you access your voicemail 20 times a day like I do, expect a lot of unnecessary keystrokes.  Instead of a simple voicemail indicator flag like most phones, the T610 provides a text message (an e-mail) indicating you have a voicemail.  You must read and delete this, then back out to the main menu to access your voicemail.  The options menu for the e-mail message includes "Call Voicemail"...but this doesn't work owing to some incorrect programming (and I have verified this with T-Mobile tech support).ADDENDUM: Brightcell's contribution not withstanding, T-Mobile support confirms that there is no way for a user to turn this "feature" off.  Their tech support rep offered to turn off voicemail notification altogether, which I declined.  This, they said, was the ONLY way to make the notification e-mail stop.  If pairing with T-Mobile service, be aware that they do not know how to make their service work properly with these phones.There are actually a number of other minor issues with this phone, including intermittent Bluetooth connectivity, a microphone that picks up every last bit of ambient sound and is almost impossible to use in a car, the fact that the battery wears out quickly even in "lock" mode because hitting any key activates the backlight...but all these things I could overlook, were it not for the two major issues above.  On the plus side, it is small, cheap and has SOME kind of Bluetooth connectivity.

I used this phone for three weeks now , I am not very happyabout it.Pros:1. A lot of features. (BLUETooth, IRDA and so on.)2. Cheap( got it for $50 before rebate.)Cons:1. Very difficult to take SIM card out.2. The key pad is badly designed, sometimes the keys stuck under the face plate and cause the pone to froze.3. Menu is difficult to use .4. standby time is about 1/3 ( or less) what Sony Ericsson stated. Other phones I used before usually get 60%-70% of stand by time with light usage.5. Ring volumn is low. Vibrating(Ring) is not strong enough.6. The phone screen get dirty easily.7. Only 1 mb of memory avaliable (T-mobile).The reciption signal is ok for this phone. This phone looks cool , but the quality is poor. Spend a little more for a better phone. I will not recommand this phone.

This Phone Is Great But only one problem is that this phone goes slow sometimes when you just turned it on but other than that this phone is fit for anyone and I got a logictech HS02 you'll like both..

I got this phone for Christmas expecting the Nokia 3650, but was still very pleased. Comparing this phone to my friend's Nokia 3650 I found a few pros and cons between themBut focusing on the T616, this ia great phone and easy to use. Although I haven't taken advantage of the personal ring tones, pictures, and email I still am very entertained and it has the largest availability of games to download (for 2 dollars). I didn't receieve this phone from Amazon though so I have no complaints about the service. The only complaints I have is the resolution of the pictures (I know it is only a phone but compared to all the other camera phones on the market right now it is very poor), and the small amount of memory storage for saving pictures (after only 17 pictures I ran out of memory and had to delete some of the pictures that came with the phone. All-in-all the voice commands are a huge breeze and wireless internet can let you keep up to date on current stocks, news, and wheather reports.

I got this phone for -$200 about a year ago, so I was willing to forgive a lot of problems.  It actually turned out to be a decent phone.Pros:1.  Bluetooth with wireless Jabra headset, syncs up nicely with my Mac.  I'll never go back to using a phone without the wireless headset.2.  Intruitive, computer-like interface3.  Good vibrate function4.  Nice long battery life5.  Works pretty much everywhere these days, including travel abroad.  Reception started good and got better after a CSR fiddled with it at the mall.6.  Addictive mini golf game.Cons:1.  When it's sunny outside, it can be VERY difficult to see the phone.  You need to retreat into the shade or try to decipher the glare.2.  Certain functions are buried in menus.  If you want to get rid of the envelope from a voice mail, you need to go through 8 menus to get there.  I'm also forgetting the 18 menus you need to set a speed dial, for example.3.  Reception certainly not as good as Verizon, for the most part, but they charge through the nose, too.  It's a trade-off.4.  Quiet ringer.  I keep the ringer at maximum, but I still can't hear it if I'm out of the room.Overall, it was a good choice, especially considering they bought me four months worth of service for the year.

This product is good. It has features and it is also good looking and elegant.Sure Nokia 3650 has more features than this. This cannot take short movies and picture resolution is max 288x352. But other features are good. It has irDA and Bluetooth. Talk and stand by time are also acceptable.

Smart looking phone but poor in performance.- bad reception- poor audio quality- camera resolution poor- very snall keypad (if you text message a lot)

I like this item B0000AGRYX very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it

This phone is ultimately sexy! It's so slim and feels perfect in your hand. Fast keypad for texting. And It has great storage space. Well T-mobile isn't the greatest service, but hey if I had to choose between a sexy phone or good reception, I'd definately go with the great celly. If you're yet undecided with your purchase, I would strongly advise you to buy this little puppy.

I just got this phone last week.  it works fine at the first two days. but until the next week i recharge for the battery, problems appear.  this phone automatically turn on and off itself.  i had tried to reset the master setting and it won't work.  finally i have to say..this is a bad phone..never ever try sony errisson t610!!!

I've had this phone for several months now, and it has incredible battery life, even with running Bluetooth almost constantly both my laptop and the Jabra hands free unit.  The unit is also solid, as I can say I have dropped it a couple of times on a hard floor and have had little more than a scuff on the case.  I am very impressed with the GSM reception despite the lack of an external antenna.  The screen is bright and easy to read and this is a great phone for connectivity with a laptop and to the internet.  Audio quality is awesome too.  I have no complaint for this phone, and at the price, it really can't be beat.

Personally, I love this phone.I've had this phone for 3 months now, and I'm very happy with it. T-Mobile doesn't have the greatest service, but the phone does a pretty good job of picking up a signal. I've never let more than 3 days go by without charging it, but I'd still say it would get about 4-5 days of standby with low usage. Now, let me state the flaws so I can get to the good stuff.WEAKNESSES:1) The screen becomes washed out in sunlight2) Without a case, the screen gets many scratches (but they are only visible when the screen is off or you're in sunlight)3) The menu's can be a bit more complicated than necessary4) No dedicated pickup/hangup buttons5) Rarely the phone will freeze and has to be restarted6) The camera's not so hot, but hey, its a phone.In my mind, these flaws are fairly minor, so I will get to the good stuff.STRENGTHS:1) 65,000 color screen that will automatically go off when not in use2) Bluetooth and Infrared connectivity3) Camera, picture messaging, photo-callerID4) Tons of cool accessories (but they're pretty expensive)5) Small and lightweight, yet sturdy6) Voice memos, record a phonecall7) Cool design8) Calendar/Alarm that can alert you even when you've turned off the phone.

I have this phone for over a year & have following comments on it.Phone reception is bad indoors and in the car.The screen is not visible in bright light.It looks good but not easy to use.

it looks great, but ... just don't buy it ..it's not worth it, with all the trouble u'll have later.A piece of chunk

T-Mobile is the worst carrier you could ever have.  It can drop your call in the middle of the conversation, and the signal is very unstable.  It could vary from strong to nothing while you are holding your phone up high.  I even got not error messages saying &quot;no socket available&quot; when I was trying to check my voice messages at 2 a.m. on a Saturday night.  The quality of the line is so poor that you have to scream on the phone all the time and it makes you repeat something simple numerous times!  It's so frustrating....  I will terminate it once the contract is up.  I would not sign up with them again even if they offer many free minutes because it could turn your good day into a real bad day!!!  You can't even carry a conversation over 3 mins without the call being dropped.

I purchased this phone about six months ago, and my experience with it has been overwhelmingly positive.  The phone itself is tiny, especially compared to competitors like the Nokia 3600 series.  Yet despite its size, it manages to offer just as many features as the Nokia, or for that matter just about any other phone on the market.  Keep in mind that many of the T610's competitors (e.g. the Nokia 6600) were recently released.  Despite being much older the Sony Ericsson outdoes it in many ways.  (Note that the T630/T637 has been released, but it is almost exactly the same phone with a different look.  My advice is to save a little money and go for the older model, which has a better keypad.)First of all, not many phones currently on the market offer Bluetooth, other than the T610/616, the aforementioned Nokias, and the Siemens S55/56 (which doesn't even have an integrated camera).  The Sony Ericsson offers just about every feature you could want in a phone.  However, it lacks a speakerphone, something that should be included in all phones, high-end or not.  It lacks the Symbian OS of the Nokias, but at least you won't have to worry about viruses for the forseeable future (unlike the Nokias).  Besides, the menu interface is top-notch, better than the Motorolas, Samsungs, LGs, and Nokias I've used before.Other features in which this phone needs some catching up are:1. The 65 thousand color display is very nice, but it is unreadable in direct sunlight.  Some high-end phones have 256 thousand color displays now.2. The black portion of the phone is susceptible to smudges, the silver portion is susceptible to scratches.3. The joystick, while still a revelation to fans of cell phone games (the included games are excellent, by the way), responds to horizontal and vertical movement (not diagonal).  This lessens the usability of the joystick- you can't jump from one place to another in Deep Abyss with the joystick, for example.4. I have no idea what the number "08" is for, but even when the phone is locked it is too easy to accidentally dial this number in your pocket- if something presses against the zero key, the eight key right above it, and then pushes in the joystick, the phone will make an emergency call regardless of whether or not the keypad lock is activated.5. 2 MB of storage space is simply not enough for all the pictures/ringtones/recorded voice memos you will have in this phone.  The Nokias have expansion slots.  It would be great to go from 2 MB to 64 MB just by putting in a Memory Stick Duo (SE will be including the slot in future high-end models).6. The camera could use some work in future versions of this phone.  There are already 1 megapixel camera phones on the market.  Again, this is not a fault of Sony Ericsson; it was revolutionary to find a camera in an open-faced phone as small as the T610 when it was released.And that's all, despite all these relatively minor qualms I still think this is one of the best phones on the market, especially at this price.  The fact is a phone like this, aged as it is, can still compete with those $300 phones you see.  There are some pretty exciting flip phones out there, but if you're not a fan of those and you don't want to spend a lot (actually, with this phone they're actually giving you money to buy it) look no further.

Update to the review below:  I forgot to mention how poor my reception is.  At the time of the review I figured it was just TMobile's fault, but no...its the T610.  I've verified this by noticing other people's cell phones (TMobile and others) working perfectly fine in my apartment while I need to stand immediatly beside the window to have a conversation.  BUT, this is the best part, this is one issue that can be remedied with something I found quite by accident.  Upon googling the phrase "coolest thing ever" I was delighted to see as about the fourth result on the list an article about a program you can download and install to your computer and T610 (among other Bluetooth phones)which will turn your Bluetooth phone into a remote control for your computer.  Besides enabling you to control many popular media players and other programs on your computer with your phone, you can sit the phone in an area with reception and then make your calls using your computer mic/headset.  If you own the T610 or any other Bluetooth phone you should really check this out.  I can't stress enough how cool this is.  Hence it being among the top 5 results upon a web search of "coolest thing ever."Now back to my earlier review:I think many of the bad reviews here are unfair.  I've owned this phone for about 14 months.  Many of the problems these people have had are either faults of T-Mobile or the user themselves didn't configure the phone correctly.Rule #1 - when you buy stuff like this phone, READ THE MANUAL ON HOW TO CONFIGURE IT!  Seems simple enough to me.As far as the phone dropping calls, that has only happened to me when on long calls (I mean like 2 or 4 hour calls and when it drops the call its usually right at 2 hours or 4 hours, so i assume its a network preserving thing of T-Mobile. And i can live with that...just call them back).  Plus, I'm under the impression that T-Mobile uses a weak signal, at least where i live, and this is certainly to blame for the weak reception.  It does seem like when i get a connection that the phone tries to maintain it even when moving into weaker areas where i wouldn't have been able to initiate the call.The problems with people looking at the phone to discover they are in a menu already has to do with the shortcut functions and the key-lock.  The key-lock is the same as almost all other phones (press a function key followed by the * key, repeat to unlock).  The shortcut function is more complicated.  Some Nokias have something similar....you can tell this phone that when I press these 2 keys I want to do a specific function that would normally require several key strokes.  There are already a few of these programmed on the phone....so you need to disable them.  Again, if you'd read the manual you'd know this.I have experienced the operating system lock up to the point where i had to remove the battery to reboot the phone.  People need to understand that this phone is basically a miniture computer....with an operating system and memory and many other similarities.  I hardly ever turn my phone off, so i don't complain when it locks up like that.Bad things about the phone:-The call log only shows the time of the call until the date changes over, then only shows the date of call. (example: I miss Grace's call at 10am on 2-11-05. The log will show the call at "10:00" until midnight and then it will show the call at "2-11-05." This is very annoying to me.)-The camera is pretty poor quality. Keep in mind though that this was one of the first generations of camera phones.  If you want to take great pics, buy a regular digital camera. I just like the fact that if i need to, i can take a pic.  This has come in handy on the job for insurance reasons.-The Sony-Ericsson site has some really cool things like a Theme editor where you can design how your phone display looks (similar to rightclicking on your desktop on Windows to change the colors and backgrounds).  However, the site has had a problem ever since i first got my phone and hasn't fixed it.  I can design as many as i want, but i can't download them.  So i'm stuck with the themes other people designed.-The ringtones aren't polyphonic or whatever its called when they sound like actual songs.  I can live without it, but it would be nice.-The camera requires absolute stillness!Besides that, its a great phone. I haven't gotten to really take advantage of the Bluetooth stuff yet though. The internet browser works fine if you pay the extra service charge for the access.  The games are fine.  There's a big selection to buy...you can even download ebooks to your phone (I actually got The Art Of War!!).  You can make your own ringtones, there is a photo editor too so you can take pics and do funny things to them. When I see cool pics on the internet, i edit them to size then email them to my phone for desktop background (right now i got the matrix code on it).Most important thing i can say is read the manual.  I've read a few pages of reviews here and most of the problems can be solved by configuring the settings. To save memory space delete all the lame preloaded pics that come with the phone, and when you take a pic with the camera that you don't need on the phone...email it to your hotmail or yahoo.

This phone is only good for cashback. Reception is very poor. Cumbersome menus, Slow camera, Low resolution, not too good ringtones. Waiting for contract to end, definately wont buy again

I really haven't had any problems with my phone, bad service at times but thats not the phones fault i belive it is the carrier.  The one thing i don't like about my phone is that the camara doesn't take very good pictures.  They are very fuzzy!  But overall it is a good phone and it has been good to me!

Signals reception is very bad. Where other phone works fine, this shows 0 signals and does not work at all.

Im gonna be kind and rank the phone @ 4 stars for the following:-It has the full color screen-All the features work as expected-The camera isnt the best quality, but is what you'd expect-Saves lots of numbers, and organizes them wellReasons it didnt get 5:-Screen gets scratched easily-Ring is soft (im kinda deaf anyways)-Little hard/annoying to navigate even for a techieAll around I'd get the phone again. Watch out though, Amazon almost charged me for the free headset, but I had the invoice saved so It turned out alright.  Also if Amazon messes up the order it takes forever to get it organized out straight.  But the phone is great.

I can't give it 5 stars, because that would mean there's nothing that can be improved, and that's just ridiculous....I have read a lot of reviews on here, and it seems that more people complain about T-Mo's service than the phone they're supposed to be reviewing. NO MOBILE CARRIER IS PERFECT!That being said...this phone is terrific! Very easy to use - I skimmed the manual and was breezing thru everything the phone could do. Reception is fine for most cases. The only exception is when I'm at school, in the middle of nowhere, inside the building. Go outside, and all's good. Even with 1 bar reception, sound quality is good. The joystick is a bit tough to manage if you have larger hands, but that too was learned quick enough, and it's a nice feature instead of constant button-clicking to navigate menus. Bluetooth, voice commands, and picture call-ID were all very easy to set-up.To the majority of the complaints I have seen on here, I have to say:*It's a PHONE - having a camera in it is a bonus.*T-Mo's service - try Cing*lar and tell me you don't have billing problems.*Easily scratched/smudged - so's a new car, but I'm not gonna run out and buy a rustbucket to avoid it!

I received the phone just before Turkey's day, and what I regret is that I should get 3 instead of 2..

The problem with the t610 if you do the research is that it was made for europes networks. While any t-mobile rep will tell you this phone was made just for them (lie). It is an international phone so it works on our network as well however the u.s. version works better here it's the t616 available from at&t/Cingular. I would only recommend getting this phone if you travel to europe often, trust me it works great there!

If the system let me rate this as a '0' I would. I have had 5 phones over 9 years.  I worked for AT&amp;T Wireless. This is by far the worst phone I have ever had. It turns it self off for no reason, dials 911 and leaves no trace of the call in the call log. It is impossible to read the screen outdoors. If you read a message (page) and leave the message reading screen up you will not get notified when you receive another message until you leave that screen. Auto key lock does not always work.Do yourself a favor and don't buy this phone.

This is the best phone I've purchased since a long time, Its looks, its reception and with all other features make it a great buy. There are many good features in this phone like Jog Dial, Camera, Organizer, Password-Protect, Infrared, Bluetooth and the most important one is GPRS. with right plan, you can check all your mails on the go. The installation is a breeze and it even easily synchronises with my Clie TG-50. Also, you get free ringtones, wallpapers, themes from Sony Ericsson website. What more do you want!

It&iexcl;s been now 15-20 days I m using this gadget and there is not a single day i didn&iexcl;t found something amazingly new in this phone! I will definitely agree that the reception quality of this phone is bit less than others but if you are living in a metro city and not planning to go to country area too frequently u don&iexcl;t need to worry much.Let&iexcl;s start with some -ves first becs list of +ve is longer-aluminum body gets scratches and dents very easily (then why they make so many different skins? Or leather pouch for your phone)-menu is little bit complicated than others spll&iexcl;y the distribution of feature is not proper (but if you will learn how to use shortcuts this wont be a problem :))-picture quality is not so good (not even too bad!! remember you are getting 50$ back from T mobile for buying this phone!! )-Display is not bright enough (t610 has larger display than other if they would have used bright display I think the battery life would be a problem)That&iexcl;s it with &iexcl;Vve now start the +ve-good battery life (at least better than my t300 I was having last year)-Smooth key control easy to use.-excellent looks (different from all others in market)-camera feature which provide various effect option like Sophia, negative, b/w, rotate I wish the would continued ZOOM feature)-this phone has good memory capacity to store more pictures and other JUNK &fnof; (but as 40 GB hard disk on my desk top is not big enough how can 2mb flash can be)-calendar option is excellent (but I do miss simple to use &iexcl;event&iexcl; feature from my t300)-Infrared Port enables u to share contacts, pictures, tune with your friends (this feature is excellent when you want to move all your data from your old phone to new phone I moved contacts, tunes and pictures in just 5 min!!-graphic quality is excellent I compared it with all phones I have in my group (sl56, Nokia 6610, Nokia 3800, SE t300, Motorola t360) but none of them are as sharp as t610-Bluetooth capability enables me to save all my data on my computer and move it to my phone when ever I need. So I down load all teams, games, pictures and tune to my PC and move it to my phone by BT. (it is faster than down loading through your phone and do not need t-zone)-java and morphen games enables you to down load verity of games from down load (I downloaded tatris and battle city games from web which were one of my favorite when I was child and playing Atari or Samurai video games &fnof; )-most of the phones display the picture of caller when he/she calls you but this phone displays the picture with Text messages also (I can see my GF few more time &fnof;)-there are software available on internet to create your own themes and wall peppers to personalize your phone your way.([...]) is one of the best sites I have found so far for all the free JUNK for t610-voice dial, voice redial and voice caller Id are good features FOR THOSE WHO DRIVES,AND WHO DRIVES A LOT &fnof;-NOTES feature helps you to make a quick note like address, phone number etc when you forget to take your pen with you or cant find pepper around you easily-code memo feature helps you to store some personal Info (like credit card pin or web site password)-stop watch feature is also a nice one (though I am not gonna use it &fnof;)-t610 allows you to add or edit single contact on your sim card (previously you need to copy all the contacts from your phone to sim card and it over right all your old contacts on your sim card)-tri band phone enables you to take it virtually ne-where in the world-from internet I came to know you can change the firmware on this phone to get better performance and features (I am searching for that)-Music DJ feature allows you to creates your own midi files (this feature works on the same concept professional musicians uses, just with less capability. I still wondering how SE packed so many features in such a small piece of electronics)-It also has a paint like feature which allows you to draw your own picture in color or black and white (I though I never used it-but it is quite interesting if you what it send some smiley to your friends via SMS)-this phone displays alarm time on the main display which helps you to make sure that you set the alarm for next morning or not!!(IF I WOULD FIND SOME MORE I WILL UPDATE THIS REVIEW )

I was first drawn to this phone because of its appearance, but it's got a lot more to offer than just that.  I live in Omaha, and the only time I have problems with reception is when I'm in a basement or something.  It has one button access to the internet, where you can download games, ringtones, check e-mail, etc.  It comes with voice recognition, &quot;joystick&quot; controller, and one button access to the built-in camera.  The only negative I have found is the somewhat grainy photographs, which may turn out better when enlarged.  It also comes with an organizer, several games (minigolf and a few others), and easy text messaging.  The battery life is VERY good.  I find that I only have to charge mine every five days or so with light use, and it charges fully in a little over an hour.  It's lightweight and easy to travel with.  I highly recommend this phone, and would have given it 4 1/2 stars if I could have.

I've had this phone for about 6 months now, and it really works well for me. After reading so many bad reviews, I was a little apprehensive, but went with my first instinct. It turns out to be great - small enough to fit just about anywhere, intuitive and easy to use menu, easy to use camera w/ black and white, sepia, and negative options, infrared, and great service from T-Mobile. I generally have little or no problems getting service, except when in museums and such. It has a different scale for service bars, so don't compare it to Samsungs or Nokias. Also, the vibrate and ring at the same time feature is really very helpful, something I've found that Samsungs don't do. It's never frozen on me and none of the keys have ever gotten stuck. I've never had any problems with it at all, actually. Maybe I'm just lucky, or maybe everyone else that had problems with it just got unlucky. Who knows?However, the phone does have a few flaws. First, the camera quality does leave quite a bit to be desired. It's grainy, flash-less, and zoom-less. But hey, it's a phone, not a digital camera! And as long as you are somewhere with enough light, you can get a pretty good picture. Second, it scratches easily. For example, I put it in my jeans pocket to go somewhere and the next time I take it out, it has a new scratch on it. Oh well, better get a case for it...Also, the memory space on the phone for pictures and ringtones really gets annoying. You can store up to about 30 pictures if you delete all the preloaded ones. Thankfully, the phone has a very good infrared port so you can load your pictures onto your laptop computer and keep clicking! As for the bluetooth functions, I really don't bother with them because of the cost of other bluetooth-capable items, but I still get along just fine.All in all, the phone is a very good deal and I'd recommend it to just about anyone. It is very cute, very compact, and very usable.

I purchased the phone because it had lots of good reviews and everyone kept saying how wonderful all the features are.  You even get a free Jabra headset with it.  Once I started using the phone I realized that all those features are really nice, but I could not get reception in some places where a friend of mine with an older sony-ericsson phone had no problems.  The battery life was about 40% shorter than his.  Overall the reception is intermittent and could be better.  At first thought I could deal with it, but after a week of missed calls, switched to a different phone with a stronger signal...  If you live in an flat area with good coverage, then this wont be a problem, but in the hilly San Diego, its worthless.

Awsome phone cool graphics. Nice camaraAnd most of all i love that its bluetoothcampatible!!

I have had this phone for over a year with no problems at all.  I love it and it still looks like new (no scratches!) and I don't baby it.  It doesn't even have a case, I just throw it in my overloaded purse.  I live in Southern California and T-Mobile's reception is excellent and their prices are better than any competetor I've seen.  My contract ended in December, but I haven't changed anything because "if ain't broke don't fix it."

This phone is beautiful.  It's light, it's well designed (mostly), it does everything I'd like a mobile phone to do... EXCEPT reliably make or receive calls!  Sure, it's great if you want to play games or take pictures or listen to the many ringtones but when it comes time to actually make a call, the extraordinarily poor reception may be an issue.  Yes I have actually completed a conversation on this phone but often I find that moving the phone 6&quot; while talking will cause dropouts or completely lose the call.  While sitting outside and completely stationary, I noticed the signal strength ranged from NO NETWORK to 5 bars (full service).  Inside _any_ building (except the t-mobile store...  coincidence?) the phone quickly becomes unusable.  The guy in the tmobile store said, &quot;Yup, those don't got good reception&quot; (sic) and recommended I buy an older &quot;reliable&quot; phone off of Ebay to slap my SIM into it for the remainder of my contact..  Now THAT is customer service for you!I'm not a happy camper.  I bought this piece of crap.  I'm stuck with a one year contract.  Don't you fall for it.  Look elsewhere.

According to a survey, more customers are ordering their cell phone and service from AMAZON.COMBut if you are one of the customers contributing to this, its a big mistake. I have ordered 2 "cell phone + service"s from Amazon. The first shipment took such a long time, I had to cancel it. The second one is on hold for almost 2 weeks with a message that "Can be delayed further". So if you order one of the top 10 bestselling phones from Amazon now, it will take at least 3 weeks for your shipment to be delivered...guess Amazon is waiting for seconds to re-package, huh?

I want this as a specfy to my customers in africa, And already i like Ercisson product right from beginning.

Phone is alright, nothing great. Phone camara is almost useless and costs $.25 with t-mobile to send each pic. and resolution is not great.Best part is the bluetooth technology. Love the Jabra bluetooth head phone.Almost forgot to mention that this phone seems to have chargin issues. Its been 3 mo. and it wont charge and i know atleast one more person who has issue with charging.

I originally liked the looks of the phone just because it looked cool.  It arrived this week and I was still impressed.  It is small...light...attractive.  Then I took it outside and as soon as sunlight hits it, you can't see the screen.  The features are clunky...difficult to figure out basic things which i was used to with Sprint.  The reception was also terrible.  I was able to get 4 bars signal strength at my house, then I took it to work and got no signal.  Granted I work in of all places...a building.  I then took it to the mall here in Charlottesville to check the signal there and all I received was 1-2 bars...but the mall is an outdoor mall.  I am just going to return it and hope I get better service from something other than T-Mobile.

I have this phone for about 2 weeks now. Actually, I had to order a second piece of the same phone as the bluetooth won't work in the first phone. I was a bit apprehensive about getting this phone and T-Mobile service. Firstly because I had read lot of bad reviews about T-Mobile and secondly because I was not sure how it will work with Amazon. But I was pleasantly surprised with the customer service that I received from Amazon. I did not find any customer service number on their website. I hesitantly contacted the customer service using the form provided on the website. I got response in about 3hrs. And I the replacement phone next day. Its working fine. Enough about Amazon, here are the Pros and Cons of the phonesPros -- Small, light weight, blue tooth, infrared, WAP enabled with GSM (so it should work throughout the world)- Free sync software comes with the phone. Easy to synchronize the outlook contacts with the phone.- Camera is easy to use.- The menu layout is easy to use and intutive.- My experience with T-Mobile customer service was very good.Cons -- Small buttons.- Some of the common menus (text messaging etc) need couple of clicks to get there.- Camera resolution is not good.- The software that comes with the phone is not easy to use.- T-Mobile reception is not necessarily good at all the places.

This c610 I bought from Amazon, got a great rebate on it and thought the phones was a good deal at first.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  The phone locks up nearly daily(as in you have to remove the battery to get it to boot up and respond again), and drops calls constantly(tmobile coverage is horrid).  I have 2 friends that have this same phone...we all bought it together, and their exps. have been the same.  T-mobile is friendly enough when you call them, but they won't let you out of a contract, and the 3x's I've called them and complained about the HORRIBLE coverage at my house, they've responded with we are working on our coverage of that area, our computer shows you should have good coverage, please let us know if it gets better over the next few months! BAH, what a joke.  I can't wait until my contract ends on the 15th of this month so I can get out of this nightmare.  Yes the t610 has a lot of cool features, with midi ringtones, bluetooth, camera, games - - - But the phone capability is just sickening...I cannot get very loud, it drops calls, coverage is horrible anywhere but the center of a major city, and they just lead you around in circles when you call their tech support.  I honestly could not be more disatisfied in any way.  I'll not be getting a sony-ericson phone nor a t-mobile plan anytime in the next few years.

I just got a bluetooth headset for this phone, and the Voice-Control features of this phone are simply amazing.  Was driving a few hundred miles last weekend and made two dozen calls on the way without every touching the phone.  I customize the wallpaper and ringtones from muwap.com, so my phone is "totally me" now.

OK, there's been a lot of bad hype about this phone, but my personal experience doesn't really agree with most of it. There are some annoyances and minor issues, but nothing that I think makes it completely worthless. Frankly, there's a lot about the phone that's really good - overall, it WORKS, even when I only have one signal bar. And getting paid $150 to take the phone wasn't bad either - it was way better than the phone I paid $20 for through Cingular. Not only that, I've dropped the phone about a million times (in the car, on the tile floor, on concrete, everywhere) and it just keeps going (not even a scratch on the screen to date).Annoyances:1. Every once in a great while a button will get stuck under the face plate. This is only really annoying the first few times it happens; you get used to it and accept it as a flaw.2. When you receive a voice mail, you're notified via text message. This system is somewhat illogical, causing you to have to both listen to your voice message and deal with it and then go through the menu and delete the text message you received. But hey, at least I know when I have a voice mail, right?3. I work in a bowling alley, and I've found that the phone's mic can pick up really high-pitched frequencies (such as those that eminate from our machines) and amplify them. This isn't so much annoying to me as it is to the poor folks that try to talk to me on the other end.Overall, if you're a cheapo like me and you want to have an OK phone for a decent price, this is the way to go. T-Mobile isn't the best service provider (especially in terms of signal strength), but it's far from the worst, too.

I am very very pleased with this phone. Great sound quality. Way better than any newer Samsung or Motorola.

The scroller button in the middle is used for both moving around the screen and to click enter. Sometimes when you try to go up and down, it registers as pressing enter and it does get frustrating. Other than that, its a great buy.

Pros: Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth. This phone has a perfect connection to my Palm Tungsten and it is a great web phone. I can check my email, stay up to beat with the weather, and I always know what movie is coming up and at what time.Pros: The Camera. This has been voted the best camera phone, and I can see why. You can take color pix, B&amp;W pix, can even add effects to them, and can mail them to your friends in a snapPros: there are SO many gosh-darn features on this little thing, after a year of owning it, I am still finding out new and cold things about it. The TEXT Messaging is off-the-hooK, providing predictive texting so that the phone predicts what you are spelling ( which saves time).Cons: Not a single one ( Now, you must have an awesome mobile carrier AND must pay additional charges for wireless web and text/picture imaging,but it is worth it!)I honestly can go on for years about the pros of this phone, it's still one of the best on the market.If you are like me and wanted a Bluetooth/international/Color/Camera phone with email and web access, this is it....

To call it crap is to dignify its existence. This phone gets horrible reception, misses calls ALL the time (and doesn't notify you that you missed a call, even sometimes doesn't log a missed call). Now after almost a year and a half I can't hear anything over the static that it generates. There are phone recycling programs, but that would be cruel for me to pass on this junk. The only thing unique and useful about this phone is the infrared receiver so that I can beam my Palm contacts to the phone.

I had a T68i before this and like the camera, flash accessory and text messaging.  I had a code for a while where you can get free internet access using the t610 as a modem wirelessly with the powerbook's bluetooth connection... pretty cool.  I have the bluetooth connected to the PowerBook with Salling Clicker software, I can control iTunes wirelessly (which is playing wirelessly over Airport Express), it is easy to send any midi file to the phone to use as a ringtone.  The text messaging is fast and easy, although the whole interface for SE phones isn't lightning fast, but it works well.  Mini golf is great, the other games kind of suck.  The flash accessory doesn't actually "flash," but does add light, so you can take pictures in bars again (that's why we all got camera phones, right?).  Get the Krussel case, it opens in the back to use the camera, my t610 would have been toast over a year ago if I didn't get one.... drop it all the time.  Good case.  Good iSync compatibility with Apple's iCal program, you can sync all contacts and calendars, although taking the phone to a different time zone can be hazardous for all of your already scheduled calendar events, they will be offset and not corrected sometimes upon returning to your home's timezone.  Not sure how to fix that yet, but it's still pretty cool.  I paid *full* price for this phone when it came out and it's been worth it and a way better choice than the t300 that was being offered at the time.  The picture resolution is very low, though.  They look OK on email.  Make sure and get the next model up on this phone, because now the screen is easier to read in daylight (can be very hard with the t610).  If I get another phone, it'll have to be of similar caliber and functionality with this one, and it won't be until this one bites the dust (knock on wood).

As in the title. I have around 4-5 hours of talk time (continuously) and around 7-8 days of standby time. Not sure how long other people can get. Other than that, it's a pretty cool phone.

My husband and I purchased a Sony Ericsson T610 and a Samsung E 105 in July 2004.  We had cell phone service from Sprint PCS on a family plan and wanted to keep our existing phone numbers. We checked all the instructions on amazon.com and with T-Mobile on how to purchase individual phones, switch to a family plan, and port our numbers over.  When we got the phones we were successful in porting our numbers over and were very happy with both phones.  Then we got two bills - one for our phone numbers from Sprint PCS, and one from phone numbers we didn't recognize and never heard of.  Apparently the phone numbers assigned to the phones from amazon.com were never cancelled when we ported the Sprint PCS phone numbers over.  Repeated calls to T-Mobile customer service were not helpful - they told us stock answers like disregarding the bill, or that the billing cycle hadn't caught up with the customer service computers, etc. etc. etc. At about the 6th phone call to the company, a customer service rep was able to cancel the account and credit it so we didn't owe them any money for these phantom phone numbers.  We were very excited that this was finally resolved and gave this rep's supervisor a glowing report.  Case closed... or so we thought. We received a final bill for this account that had all sorts of adjustments but still said we owed $41.06.  Two more phone calls to the company came up with nothing but assurances that this would be taken care of.  One rep even scheduled a follow-up call to tell me that it went through, but never actually called.  Today on the answering machine was the standard recording for code 100 (which means I didn't pay the bill).  One more call this evening (October 15, 2004, 3 months after we purchased the phones initially) with me masquerading as SuperBitch got me assurances that this would be rectified in 2 hours. Well, I'm not holding my breath.  We like the phones and have no problem with the account that we're supposed to be paying on. It's the account that never should have existed that's the issue.  If you're in a situation like we were, make absolutely sure that whatever phantom phone numbers that existed are cancelled as soon as you port your phone numbers over. Better yet, use a different phone service.

Compared to the Nokia 3650 this phone has very poor reception.Most of my calls go to the voice mail when I'm in my department.but my friend who has a Nokia 3650 doesnt miss any call in the same  building.(Both of us have the same T-mobile plan )

[...]Ok, so I've always known rebates often turn out to be a scam, but is that really the best they could do? Right before they tell me I didn't indicate the product on the form (which I did, have a copy right here), they specifically state what product I purchased!Talk about insulting.Anyway, back to the phone. The bluetooth feature is nice, though I leave it off most of the time because I'm concerned with bluetooth security issues. It does work well with my BlueTrek G2 headset, though the battery life of the phone is severely reduced even just having it on, not talking on it. The phone syncs great with my Apple PowerBook and the bluetooth adapter, which made it a breeze to get all my phone numbers added to the phone.As expected, the picture quality from the camera isn't great, but I've found it is good enough for taking pictures to use as wallpaper on the phone. If I want to take pictures, I'll use a regular digital camera anyway.The address book is decent, though I found some features missing that my previous Nextel (Motorola) phone had. Namely, you can't add enough numbers for people in the phone. I'm probably one of the few people to have this problem, but I have dozens of contacts for whom I need to have their home/work/cell phones and  pager in my phone. This comes close with home/work/cell but no pager.The organizer is ok, but lacks a few things. It has an alarm feature which is quite loud, and can be set to recur. There is a way to have calendar entries change your profile, which is nice for automatically changing it to silent when your meeting starts. It doesn't appear to support recurring calendar events. I haven't tried syncing it with my work calendar yet to see how it deals with recurring events there, so I have hope it'll work ok.Text messages: I get paged for a living, as I'm a Unix admin with an oncall rotation. This means I'm quite familiar with a number of electronic leashes. This is the worst phone I've had yet for text messages. This thing makes a short noise when you receive a message and then remains silent afterwords. Worthless! My last two phones and my oncall phone at work continually sound until you press a button to silence it, which is a must if it is to have a chance at waking me up if it's been a bad night. Near as I can tell, there's just no way of improving this part of the phone. My plain pager for work isn't perfect either, but it at least beeps for a minute before quieting down to one chirp a minute.Call list: It has one, but I'm not thrilled with it. It does distinguish between incoming, outgoing, and missed calls. However, it seems to collapse multiple calls together sometimes. I say sometimes, because it appears to be only with missed calls, but I'm not certain. I think it just collapses the missed calls down if there are multiples in a short amount of time. Bottom line is, I'd like to see at what time each call was missed, not whichever one (earliest or latest, not sure) it chooses.Overall: Great battery life (unless I'm using bluetooth!), good sound quality, great form factor, seems durable (the vibrate/silent has vibrated it's way off the table a few times!). All in all a great phone, [...], still a great price for the phone.

Maybe it's just me, but this phone is the worst cell phone that I've ever owned.  The reception is poor and constantly cuts off during calls.  Sometimes turning it on is an ordeal.  For example, sometimes when the "on" button does not work I have to undo the leather case and open the battery compartment.  Then I have to remove the battery and put it back in... that is the only way it will work.The sad thing about this phone is that I bought it new from a reputable dealer (AT & T Wireless); what's even sadder is that I am contracted to keep it for at least a year.The phone looks nice and all and takes decent photos I suppose for a phone, but I already have a digital camera.  Why do I need one with my phone?I love Sony products to death, but when it comes to cell phones, stay away from them!

After 3 years of outstanding service, I'm sorry to have to let my phone go. It needs a new battery, so it's more cost efficient to buy a new phone instead of a new battery since the joystick is starting to not respond when pressed to the down position.Overall this phone is beautiful, durable, and easy to use. The 2 main draw backs are that it doesn't have speakerphone and it is impossible to see the screen in sunlight. I'm on to a beautiful blue motorizr z3. Farewell my faithful SE T610!

This is a great phone, but you cannot read the display outdoors in bright sunlight.

If you are looking for a really good phone, and don't care about the bells and the whistles, then I would say this is the phone for you.  My cell phone is my life line to my business, so having a long battery life is one of if not the best feature of this phone.The design is fabulous.  It is very durable, but a little on the small and light side (I guess which is a plus).  I have dropped this so many times, and it still works like I just got it yesterday.  The key pad is easy to navigate without looking, as is the menu.It is super easy retreiving missed calls, or calling back missed calls.  Phone also offers name announcements, which you pre-record, as well as assigning special ring tones for different callers.  Vibrate feature comes in handy.....it vibrates just enough that you can hear it without it disturbing or interfering what is going on around you at the office.The minor faults of this phone if you really care about these features are:  camera is absolutely horrible; buttons on the sides are badly placed....always found myself pressing one of them when picking up the phone...maybe they were just too sensitive; signal is not as good and receptive as others; and NO SPEAKERPHONE - just bluetooth so you can go out and spend more money on an annoying earpiece.Overall, I must say it truly is a good phone.  The only reason I am in the market for a new one is because my state has banned hand held cell phone use while driving, and I can't stand the ear pieces.  If this phone had the speakerphone capability built in, I would stick with it and continue being happy.

This is a really good phone. Easy menu operation, nice screen, good frame.The one problem I had, and reading the reviews I can see other poeple had, is that the phone freezes a lot.  I had this happen twice on my first phone so I called t-mobile and they sent another. That phone froze on me as well. The entire phone locks up and there is nothing you can do to get it to work until... I DISCOVERED THE PROBLEM! The phone doesn't actually freeze, it's the buttons on the keypad that get stuck! If you have this happen, look closley at the keypad, you will see that a number ( mine was 7) on the keypad pushed in too far.  Just flick it back out with a finger nail and the phone will work agian.  It seems that if a key gets stuck, the phone won't be able to do anything until you pop it back up.  Other than that it is a good phone.

This is my first sony experiance. I am really disappointed by the product T610. This product is a junk, detoriating day by day.The reception is very poor in this phone though the call quality is good when connected. The major problem I face with this phone is it freezes often for no reason.Pros:1. Bluetooth2. Good looking and good screen resolutionCons:1. Highly unreliable phone. Within the period of 3-4 weeks it freezed on me for more than 10 times.2.Poor reception on my phone where other tmobile phones like V300 work pretty good.3.Battery doesn't perform as mentioned. The standby time for my t610 is not more than 48 hrs.4.Poor interface.5.Easily smudges and screen gets scratched very easily.Don't get decieved by it's looks.

I've had this phone for about a month now and it really hasn't given me any problems.  The menus are well laid out and everything seems readily accessible.  Also, the battery life is great.  I can go 3 or 4 days without needing to recharge it.  The phone is small and seems to be pretty durable.  I carry it around in my pocket without any protection and it hasn't become scratched or damaged.  My only complaint is that the signal isn't that great.  Though, it hasn't really been a problem.The phone has stalled a couple of times, but nothing that took more than a few minutes to resolve.  Also, I've noticed that the only times it stalls is when I use a peripheral devices really quickly (like, going in to record a sound and immediately exiting, etc).  So as long as you take your time using the peripherals, you should be fine.If I had to pay anything for the phone, I would probably give it 4 stars.  However, if you can get it for free with rebates, it's a perfectly good phone, worthy of 5 stars.

This phone is great, however T-mobile service is really bad. Lots of dropped calls, and rude customer service agents. If you can help it do not get T-mobile.

The T610 is well designed with good menues. The battery time is excellent. Ericsson phones have always had good batteries and this phone leaves the competition far behind. The screen is nice and clear. The biggest down side to the phone is the camera which isn't very good. Would be nice with a zoom. Don't think you can take any pictures at a party because lighting has to be very good. It also scratches extremly easy and there are no cover to buy to replace the scratched area. In other words put your keys in another pocket and don't drop it like you could with the older Ericsson phones.

I was highly disappointed by this phone. My primary concerns are:1. Extrememly poor receptiona and sound quality2. Slow response3. Very poor image qualityI advise not to buy this at all.

I've used T610 for just 3 months and started getting bored.I feel the features are great,but I'm dissapointed that I can'nt transfer the pictures taken by mobile to my PC using cable.I've contacted the website but was unable to get the required software.It easily gets scratched with my fingertips.The tag to hang, provided is very long and ugly.The musicDJ provide is almost useless.When a tone is created using musicDJ it sounds less than the others.The recorded sound can'nt be used as ringtone and not even clear.The camera is better than the other brands which come under same category(cost,features).The screen is really big than the other brands.The display is good and I'm able to use different images as wallpapers.The memory provided is ample and I can store many ringtones and pictures.

Tried it after being VERY displeased with the T68I's RF performance...Figured I would give SE a second chance.. Same Issues with reception!!! TERRIBLE compared to Nokia and Samsung..Avoid this Phone if reception and dropping calls is important to you!!!Sony Ericsson is the worse for reception I have ever used, its a shame because I liked the phones menus and features.....

I came into the game late, waiting for a good phone (but not necessarily a PDA.)  This phone has every feature I could anticipate for the next few years, including bluetooth and IR connectivity.  It can also be unlocked and used in Canada or Europe with their local SIM cards.  T-Mobile gets mixed reviews but I've had no problems with them...they have excellent coverage of the West and East Coasts of the US.  They're also the only GSM network in the US (other than Cingular, which does suck) that I know of, so for me it's a no-brainer.

First of all, I've used Sony Ericsson T610 with both Cingular and T-Mobile service and found them comparable in Los Angeles (Verizon is best here).  From comparing all three phones (Nokia 6230, Sony Ericsson T610, and Motorola V551) with Cingular service, I've discovered that there is a *BIG* difference in phone reception quality.Phone reception quality is as follows: Nokia 6230 > Motorola V551 >> Sony Ericsson T610. The Sony Ericsson T610 had no reception in my apartment, the Nokia 6230 has great reception everywhere.Overall phone quality: Nokia 6230 > Sony Ericsson T610 >> Motorola V551. (Though if reception is most important, you might rank Motorola V551 over SE T610.)Here are pros/cons of Sony Ericsson T610:PROS:-Bluetooth: easy to sync contacts, photos, etc. w/PC, no additional software required => great.-Great battery life-Great display resolution, better than Nokia 6230.-Nice OS design: easy to navigate, easy to read menus, ex. "silent" is handy-Small, sleek, cool-looking, phoneCONS:-Bad reception!-Phone freezes sometimes.  If turning on/off doesn't fix, try removing (and then re-inserting :) battery.-Sometimes keylock doesn't work and phone calls contacts.I recommend this phone if you have a good service provider for your area.  It is cheap and easy to use. (Though, be wary of service providers locking the bluetooth.  This hasn't happened to anyone I know, but I've heard that it's been a problem.)  If I had reception in my apartment, I would have kept the T610 and sold the new Nokia 6230 on ebay.

Its an excellent phone.  I am loving it.  As someone told that good thing comes in small package, this works for this phone.  However the cam. resolution is not good at night but it works fine in day.Overall an Amazing phone selling at Amazon.com.

I've had the T610 for a month now and the performance of this phone has exceeded my expectations.1.  The high-resolution screen is teriffic!  The 128x160 screen with 65,536 colors makes both images and pictures look accurate.  The screen seems to portray images accurately and minimizes color nuances.  This is a huge improvement over the Sprint phone I was using before.2.  The battery life is excellent!  I can talk for over 10 hours (the company says 13, but I haven't counted) without a recharge!  I find myself recharging the phone just once a week with normal usage.3.  The camera on the phone works pretty well.  The clarity is comparable to most camera phones available from Sprint, although there is no flash.  The lack of a flash is made up for by a &quot;night mode&quot; setting on the phone.  The night mode works OK, although there has to be adequate ambient lighting avaialbe.  All in all, as long as the subject is withing a few feet, you can take a fairly clear picture, and the .  One detractor is the camera can only hold about pictures before the (2Mb) memory is full.4. The bluetooth option is nice, if you have a bluetooth capable PDA or laptop.  Transferring e-mails, files, pictures, etc. is pretty simple.5. The speaker on the phone is clear and the ring tones sound better than most phones I've used.6. The games on this phone rock.  Who can argue with having Q*bert on their phone?Bottomline, this is a great phone for the money (you can probably get it for $100 or less right now), and you won't be disappointed.

You have a supper communication and beyond machine.you may not know what you have in this product.You have the world best. Ilove this product.

I have had this phone for 3 months now.  Bought it on Amazon.com on Dec 29th 2003.  Let me tell you a feature if you are planning to take a family plan using the amazon.com deal.  You can still do it with T-Mobile.  Buy 2 or 3 phones individually with 3 separate plans (cheapo 19.99 plan).  As soon as you get it go to a T-Mobile store near your home/office and fill out a COR (Change of responsiblity) and pool it under one person in the family willing to accept the responsibility for the plan.  The process takes about 2-3 days (or just 24hrs).  Once you get the confirmation that the phones have been pooled under a family plan (give them your email address and tell them to notify you when it is complete) only then start using the phones.  Note: Verify that all phones have been pooled before u start using them.  Now send for your rebates for T-Mobile and Amazon.  You will get both the rebates since you have a qualifying plan on both.  (For Amazon rebate you have to wait for the first bill from TMobile)Let me list the pros first:Large LCD display.  Like the faded clock display.Bluetooth Cool and voice commands actually work (unlike my Motorola V66)IR (haven't used it yet with laptop) However I have beamed my contacts to other IR enabled phones.  SO way cool!!!Calling Card feature is usefulJoystick for easy navigation.Jabra bluetooth earpiece seems to work fine most of the time with this phone.Can download different themes and ringtonesCan associate a picture/ringtone with every caller in your address book (this will eat up your memory fast)Cons:If you are buying this phone for camera features forget it.  It is just "also ran" feature.I keep on getting "Update clock" randomly on this phone.Jabra seems to lose connectivity randomly.Keys take time getting used and stick if pressed at an angle.  This locks up the phone.Address book has too many key clicks.Smudges easily.  Battery life is OK but drains faster with bluetooth.Cannot switch off increasing ring tone functionality (even though it says so)T-Mobile does not include a car charger with this phone so plan to buy it at amazon and save on shipping if you absolutely want to have it from day 1.

Just received my T610, although I am 1 year behind on the model, this phone is still packed with features. Mainly bluetooth and IR. Simple to use menu. Took sometime to get used to the joystick/softkey. Problem free unlock process with Tmobile.Not only I get the phone for free, I make $175. [...]Good Luck.

The phone is ok. It's nothing special. I have already accidently scratched the screen enough that it is hard to tell what is displayed. Especially in bright sun light. I think I need to buy a flip phone next time. As far as the service, T-Mobile is the worst. I had decent service up until about 3 weeks ago when the service dropped completely. I have permenantly lost reception and they told me it would be 6 months before my area is upgraded. Now the phone is worthless and the Customer Service department are trained to be absolutely no help. I have been told I need to contact Customer Relations to sort out the details of my contract so I am not charged the cancelation fees of $250. Well Customer Relations does not have a phone number and the T-Mobile internet link I was given is worse than the Customer Service people on the phone. I am going to report them to the Better Business Bureau and probably end up eating my cancelation fee. I don't recommend T-Mobile as a cell phone provider. I can't believe that any business can get away with treating their customers so badly. So, if you decide to go with T-Mobile good luck!
