
I got this phone the day it was released July 15 2005 in Valencia, CA.  I found through message boards and online reviews what this phone was able to do.  I use the bluetooth earpiece while driving.  Love the Mp3 function - sounds great with headphones.  I use the mp3 function on my walks or when I'm on vacation for music in the room.  I bought a 1G miniSD card (here) through Amazon with the companion USB mobile flash reader to transfer Mp3 files from my computer to the phone.  Simple.  I've also used the mp3 player on several flights.  Just put the phone in stand-alone mode.  This turns off the phone signal and lets you use the other phone functions.  I also have found out how to convert dvd's or mpeg files to my phone to watch whenever.  Don't use this function much, but last time I was on a flight I watched a movie on my phone.  Also use the LG 8100 for text messaging.  When on vacation, I subscribed to VCAST (with web 2.0)  and cancelled when I got back home.  Cost will be pro-rated on your next bill for the only the days you used.  Do a google search for "LG 8100 forum" to learn all you can do with this phone.  Bottom line - I've turned this phone into an entertainment system - Phones aren't just for calls anymore.  LOVE THIS PHONE!

I have the LG VX8100 and I can't find anything wrong with it.  I love this phone.  I have had it for 8 months.  I am still happy with it.  I am glad I got it.  As for the people complaining about the reception.  The only thing I wish it would do is hold more ring tones and use your sounds for ringtones.  I would never trade it in for a Motorola.  I had one and it didn't work, I had to send my Moto 3 times for the year I had it and still had trouble with it.

I've had this phone for a little while now thanks to my "free every two upgrade" and I love it.  I've almost always had flip phones just because of the durability they usually offer.  Out of all the phones I've had this is the most user friendly phone I have ever seen.  If you know how to press the power button the phone will teach you the rest.I wasn't very impressed with the camera and video functions.  It's useable but not a substitute for a digital camera as they lead you to believe.  I have not had any of the crashing problems that the rest of the users have had.  Maybe I'm just lucky.For me the biggest plus to this phone was its reception.  I live in two places that make reception hell.  My first site is a concrete apartment building on top of a parking garage.  With my old phone I struggled to get 1 bar.  Now I have a full signal all the time.  The second site is 15-20 minutes from the nearest real city with plenty of hills and trees in the way.  Previously, I had no hope of service but now I can actually carry on a conversation and have 1-2 sevice bars.Verizon has definitely improved their product once again.  I would highly recommend this phone.  I can't wait to see what they have available two years from now when I get my next free upgrade.

Recently bought the VX8100 as part of my account upgrade with Verizon. The ph has some good features but LCD screen is very flimsy and pressure sensitive. I had put it back in my front pocket after a call as I normally do. When I took it out the next time, the screen had cracked. All along I had been just sitting and I never bumped against anything. Its just 20 days from the time I bought it and Verizon wants $50 to replace it. I had a motorola before this for 3 years and had dropped it many times but never had this problem.

Upon first look my LG seemed to be the perfect phone for my needs. It felt sturdy and, had alot of nice functions with it.However, the reception is horrible. I breakup or drop customer calls all the time driving while driving thru the city. Everyone knows how frustrating that is. And I know it's not Verizon because my previous phone worked great in those areas.Also, the camera resolution is awesome at 1.3 megapixels but, there is a one second delay from the time you press the "Take" button to the actual photo. This results often in blurred photos or you actually miss what you were taking a picture of.Thirdly, the programs you can buy with the phone to upload music or photos to your computer just does not seem to work. Often you have to reinstall the programs just to get the program to work one time!Overall, to me this was a phone with great potential with dissapointing results. I'm going in Monday to buy another phone.

First off, I do not use my phone to its full capability since I am not "tech savvy", so I don't know how well the bluetooth, mp3 player, V Cast, EV-DO, etc. perform. I have used the camera, and it's easy to use and works well. The size, shape, weight, and overall design and layout (i.e. buttons) of the phone is all great. Back to size, one reviewer commented on the bulkiness of the phone; I often carry a small hobo bag that features a small cell phone pocket, and the phone fits fine in there. Also, if you have big hands, I'm not sure you'd appreciate the fit of the phone in your hand or the contours of the buttons. If you haven't done so already, venture into a Verizon store and test the phone's fit to your hand.The reception through the ear hole is occasionally not ideal, but it's infrequent, and I can easily adjust the volume to the level I want by pressing a button on the side of the phone. The phone manual provided by Verizon is incomplete & crap. Sounds like you need to get the manual from a different source. Oh, the speaker phone is handy, which took me forever to find, as it doesn't seem to be listed in that crap manual. If anyone else is as non "tech savvy" as I, you activate the speaker phone by pressing & holding down the CLR button.My husband's got the Motorola E815, so if you're also looking at the Motorola E815, you should know that the E815 seems to get better reception through the ear, and that the design and userability is less "elegant" than the LG VX8100. The E815 is possibly more targeted to someone who's more appreciative of functionality and less concerned with aesthetics. The E815 seems a little sturdier and less likely to suffer cosmetically if you're rough with your phone.That's my 2 cents.

Great little phone! My major complaint --- it's hard to hear the person on the other side no matter how high I turn up the volume.  I love the voice activated dialing feature - great when in the car. No need to train it to your voice, either. But the computer voice within the phone (volume) is also very low and no way to make it any louder so its often hard to hear especially in the car. Forget it if you're calling from a loud place.I have no use for the picture taking abilities or video clips or to download ring tones so those features are wasted on me, but it's nice to have the ability should I ever wish.  Overall a great phone so far I just wish LG made the volume features all around louder. I have no idea how someone with hearing problems would cope.

I have always used a Samsung phone they have the Best pictures ever. I got the LG 8100 3 days ago and it is a great phone, all but the camera is not the best or clearest. I love the setup on this phone and the size and weight of it! When you go to take a pic you have to keep it on the item you are taking a picture of or it  will mess up. Overall a good phone

This is my 2nd phone and I use it as I have very poor Verizon service in my area. Most phones do not have a signal where I live or loose the signal. This phone out performs all phones that I have been able to compare with. Apple smart phone seems to be the best competition for signal strength but it is still has low signal strength or looses calls.

This is a sleek little flip phone with many terrific features: excellent main and outside screens, nice ringtone capability, voice dialing, picture and ringtone caller ID.But if you were planning to sync your PC address book with this phone, forget it.  It won't do calendar sync at all, and the address book feature (after you buy the cable and software) only provides phone numbers.  So if you want to use your phone to look up an email or mailing address on the road, you can't.Also, look out: Verizon says you have fifteen days to test the phone and service, but they start counting the day you place the order, before the phone is even shipped.  If I knew who regulates the mobile industry I'd make a complaint.  From the day I actually received the phone I called Verizon after ten days and was told it was too late.

First off my order was delayed over three weeks after I ordered it, it was said to be in stock. Then they charged my bank account a total of 7 times for the same item, which then incured overdraft charges, 7 x $457.61. When I contacted them after the first three charges they said it was fixed. Then I was charged once a day for the next four days with no response to my emails. They say they will reimburse me for any overdraft fee's that incurred from the multiple charges but now I have to go through the whole process of sending bank statements and who knows what else in order to be reimbursed. I finally got my phones which I am very happy with. The picture quality is great, big phone memory(512mb), speakers put out good sound(suprisingly loud), I get good reception, the phone displays are awesome, its just loaded with features. Paired with the 1gb mini sd card you can store tons of mp3's, video's, pictures pretty much anythng you want. I love this phone, I would highly recommend it. Now I am trying to redeem my rebate for the phone and it is coming up invalid. I have now sent four email's to amazon trying to figure out what the problem is and still no response. I oredered this on Nov 27th, its now Jan 10th. There is no reason this should be a headache at all let alone for this long. Phone is great but I cant stress anough how bad amazon's so called service is. Very unhappy with them and will gladly pay more for an item rather then have to go through this again.

I "upgraded" from an LG 6000 to the 8100. My experience was the same as others writing reviews concerning the variable volume (even with the updated software),the poor reception & very poor visibility in bright light. Switched to a Motorola 815E and am quite pleased. Be sure if you are going to try the 8100 to use in in a noisy area and in buildings. This is where I had the most problems with variable volume. When I was at home where it was quiet, I did not experience the problem.

This phone has great reception and I've only dropped one call since buying it in october 2005.  The camera resolution is terrific and the V-cast video is impressive. The two drawbacks of this phone include a small earpiece which sometimes makes it difficult to hear in noisy situations.  It also seems the battery life isn't that good.  I have to charge this phone everyday.  I had an Audiovox 8900 before this and I only charged it every third day.  Overall it's not a bad phone.

I've had this phone for about two months and absolutely love it! The camera takes WONDERFULLY clear pics and I also like the ability to take video clips. The mp3 is amazing. The phone is a bit larger than I would like but then again, I'm coming from a LG 3200. But it still fits into the little 5th pocket of my jeans which is where I would put my 3200. The screens are very bright and large. The speaker phone is nice and loud but there seems to be a bit of an echo and you have the keep the phone opened when using it:( The other ONLY thing I don't like about the phone is the 3-4 second delay when taking a picture. Other than that, it's a wonderful phone! I would recommend it to anybody.

I purchased this phone last week and haven't had any problems.  I also took the phone on a trip to Chicago which is the windy  city and had no problems receiving or making calls.  I could also hear pretty good on this phone.  My only problem with this particular phone is that the outside screen completely goes out after a few minutes.  I would sure love to see the time when I look at the phone but I guess it only takes a second to hit a button to see the time.  I do like the fact that I can put a picture on the outside display.  I have never had this feature with my other phone which was a motorola.  So far I am enjoying this phone.  Although, it took me awhile to understand how to actually get the ringtones that I desired on my phone.  I had to spend some extra dollars playing with some of the crazy applications that Verizon makes you choose from but it's okay.  I have learned my lesson playing with ringtones.

I HAVE HAD MY LGVX8100 FOR 5 YEARS. IT HAS BEEN THE BEST CELL PHONE I HAVE HAD IN MY LIFE. MY CARRIER IS VERIZON. I JUST ORDERED A NEW BATTERY ON AMAZON.COM FOR 7.00INCLUDING TAX. I HAD TALKED TO THE PEOPLE AT MY LOCAL VERIZON STORE, AND THEY ALSO LOVED THIS PHONE. THEY NO LONGER SELL IT. I WAS SURPRISED TO SEE IT ON AMAZON.COM

Fabulous phone.  I've had it for nearly three months now, and it's awesome.  It's a combination camera, camcorder, web browser, and MP3 player, and it even makes and receives phone calls, too!  The operating system is very intuitive and user-friendly.  I never dreamed I would have had this much fun with the phone at the time I bought it.  Highly recommended.

This camera simply put, is outstanding...  Camera pix quality is great, MP3 player is great (includes external speakers!!!).  Battery life is imprerssive as well...  Charged it on a Tuesday (after initial battery charge ran down) and today being a Sunday and the battery still has 2 bars!!!

This phone was a little bulky but had fabulous features, particularly the removable memory, great picture quality, comfortable controls, and good speakers (as phones go) that could play mp3s. Then, after 15 months of trustiness, the part of the phone where the charger plugs in was somehow bent or broken and would no longer accept a charge. I had it insured, so for the $50 deductible they sent me a new one. Three months later, the same part of the brand new phone broke off. So if you do purchase the 8100 (which has since been replaced by the slimmer sleeker 8300), do not touch it or breathe on it while it is plugged in.

After all my other 6 phones died and being the victim of been ignored ny my old provider.  Hey, I tolarated their bad customer services for almost a decade.  After some research, I decided to get the VX8100 and Verizon.  On paper sounded fantastic, also the reviewers seemed to be very careful not to trash any bad features on any phone.  Well this was one of those phones.First, I will let everyone know that this phones has pretty slick gimmicks.  Camera, voice recording, MP3 player, records mini movies, plays pre recorded movies, can download games and other non-phone type stuff.  And the part were Verizon makes money not providong any phone service works perfectly.Now about the phone, as a phone this phone is just OK.The speaker phone is half way decent (once you find out on the web how to use it since Verizon payed someone to write over 20 pages on the VCAST stuff but not one line in how to activate the speaker phone (shows what is important to them).You can only program 1 shortcut key which removes the calendar.Although you can access VCAST news in one click, it takes some navigating find out missed calls.The text typing using T9 sucks big time as it has problem if you switch in mid word example you want to type daddy smith well that is 3-2-3-3-9 (oh but I had the t9 off lets turn it on) well you have to start all over again because the stupid phone does not know that you type dadd already, my other phones never had such problems.  Also I could save the prefer state of input.  So if I like typing in T9 I it would be the default, not in the VX8100 you better like having the standard Abc as a default.oice recognition is so-so, but lacks of many commands and choices.  There are hundred of things that could be done and are not.  For one would it be nioce if it told you which phone is dialing before it does let say is asking if you want to dial jimmy at work.  The current choices are yes or no, it would be nice if it had a third that you can say maybe and it just tells the number.  Heck, I could suggest hundred of improvements to the thing that would make it a better PHONE.I could go on about the mediocre phone capabilities but I imagine that most people that are looking at this phone are the ones that most likely waste some money getting ringers, pix, wallpaper, and games, sending and receiveing text messages, pix, and videos.  For those people, I recommend to buy extra batteries as you never know when you may get a CALL and you need to use you PHONE and it may be dead from all the non-phone activity.If you are looking for a phone with lots of gimmicks this may be your phone.  If you actually need a GOOD phone and careless about the gimmicks you may want to look for another as this phone as a phone is not that good try a phone that is designed to eb the best phone out there (not an MP3 player, camera, video, web browser).As for me I most likely be returning it as I need a very good phone that is a good phone not an entertainment center eats money.

Yeah, it was a good phone for a year, great reception, battery life even when I was usnig bluetooth, hence 2 stars. Well, now it drops calls even in places where my wife's old samsung, also from Verizon, picks call without any problem. Battery life is dismal now. Bottom line, I am not sure about Verizon, but it si first and last LG phone I have to deal with.

This phone is designed for just about all the features that verizon offers.  It is perfect for my everyday life, music, video, and has a great camera.  I was a little disappointed to find out that the vx8100 only supported miniSD cards up to 1gb, but now i realize that there is no need for more than that for a phone.  The phone gets great signal, and has the loudest speaker that i have ever heard for a phone.  There are 3 mp3 buttons placed on the front of the phone to allow music-lovers to listen to their tunes with the phone shut.  It is also easy to take self-portraits with a function that allows the camera's view to be on the front LCD screen.There a couple of downsides though:1. There is a very low battery life2. it is considered by some to be a little "bulky" (it seems pretty compact to me)3. Only 15 second videos can be taken (but they are high quality for a phone)4. I have found it almost impossible to get music on the phone without purchasing one of Verizon's "Music Essential Kits"Overall, this a great phone that is geared with everything that you could expect from a Verizon Wireless phone!

Went through two of these from Verizon. Tried using three different headsets at highway speeds and could not hear my callers. My previous Kyocera did not not have this problem. Bluetooth range was poor and the connection noisy. My bluetooth headset was not the cause as it is clear on other devices.Not a business tool for sure. Good voice dialing system and command program. Twin speakers goofy looking.Returned both 8100's. Replaced them with a Motorola E815. Clear bluetooth and more than enough volume at highway speeds when using headsets. They've been making cell phones for a long time. LG is a newcomer. Go for Motorola. It simply works.I'm also quite wary as to why Verizon is hawking the 8100's so hard, and downplaying the Motorola, this concerns me.bpAlso..major note here! Once you switch to an E911 type of phone, you can never go back to a non-E911 phone! I found this out when wanting to go back to my older Kyocera and V. would not let me citing FCC rules. Whatever.

I wanted to add a positive review for this phone.I noticed they are all negative.I have had this phone for about a year. I have not had any problems at all with the battery. I did purchase a 2nd battery which I forget to use..If the signal is weak, it's usually where there are a lot of trees...The only issue I have is that I can't figure out the MP3 player...My son downloads stuff just fine with this phone. It can be done without difficulty. I just don't have the time I guess.Overall, I love my phone. If I replace it, it will be to get one with more options like the Verizon En-V.

Can someone start a company called "we won't screw you", because these guys did.  Volume, reception and battery life are garbage rated at best.  I am really surprised.  This will be the first time I have left a cell phone company.  I am saying goodbye to Verizon for not taking this back, telling me  how great the phone was and not giving me a discount on a replacement phone...only new customers.  Well I am a new customer, just no longer theirs.  By verizon.

I have both the LG 8100 and the Samsung A950, and although they are very similar the LG8100 is a better package.Both have excellent voice quality (although my 1st A950 had terrible reception, the replacement Amazon sent out is great.)The camera on the A950 is better in both camera and camcorder mode.  The camera on the LG8100 is okay - I have made 4x6 prints from it, but the A950 camera is actually quite good.The messaging on the LG8100 is better.  You can read messages on the external screen and it is easier to type in messages.The Music player on the LG8100 is much, much better.  The LG8100 has an equlaizer that really does improve sound quality.  Also the software on the Samsung makes it very difficult to select what song to play next.  The music player on the LG8100 is simple, but works very well.There is a lot that could be improved about the LG8100 (Bluetooth functionality for instance and the camera) but on the whole I am really pleased with it.

This phone has many nice features - like the dual LCD screen displays, a nice front MP3 player with front plate control (supposing Verizon did not disable it), loud speaker phone, solid assembly, blue tooth (also disabled greatly by Verizon which disallows you doing file transfers).The biggest problems I experienced with the phone is the lack of the software for you to transfer the phone numbers, customize your ringtones, internet access (if you want to use mobile office kit to access internet, a very weak battery (daily charge is needed), the user interface is also not as intuitive as Motorola 710/720, the font size enlargement only goes half way (only the phone numbers you dial will be enlarged. As a phone for regular use, I find it is light, bright, EV features allowing to access internet/news are great.But to get the phone numbers backup,you have to sign up with Verizon to pay $2/month is really not that appealing. The ring tones customization costs you $2 up per ringtone - I believe you can customize your previous LG phones without these charges.You can get around with the ringtones customization, customized wallpaper through some popular software on the web. However, going throgh this hassle is not something for everyone.Until Verizon makes the phone fully functional by providing all the software, I think that this phone is only worth a 3.0 rating.

This is a simply amazing phone.  It has a Camera, MP3 player, Bluetooth connectivity, and other bells and whistles.I had a Sony Ericcson phone for a while, but it had issues with keeping connected while driving.  This phone, so far, had no problems with getting disconnected in NYC/New Jersey Area.Compared to other phones in the market, this is probably the best phone you are going to have.Verizon service was amazing also.  I had it activated today and ported my old cell phone number from cingular within 2 hours.

I bought this phone in November of 2005. I have loved every minute of owning it. A problem I had with my previous phone was that it had to be charged every day. This phone will stay charged for up to 4 days after being fully charged. One does not have to open one's phone to see what calls were missed, or to read text messages. The camera can be used while the phone is closed, which makes taking pictures of oneself easy. Downloading games and ringtones is very easy on this phone, though not cheap.My only warning is to make sure you don't throw your phone at something or drop it from a 3 story building. The screen may break. :(

The MP3 Player is very hard to get to, and the buttons on the front don't work for it (officially it's not an available feature from Verizon, but Menu- 0 - service code 000000 - menu9 - menu16  will take you to a menu that includes the media player.Also, 512MB means MegaBITS, not Bytes, only 32MB are available onboard for your media, and only 2MB of that for ringtones.The voice recorder is not fully enabled, either, and also requires a tedious menu-path to get to, instead of the one-touch button on the outside.The LED "flash" works for close-up, but it's more of a flash-light than a "flash", and hard to activate/turn off.

This is a great phone. I have had it for about two months now, and I must say that the bluetooth is totally awesome. Everywhere I go people ask me, "what kind of phone is that"? This phone has it all, awesome features, bluetooth, an MP3 player with speakers that fool my friends into thinking someone has switched on the radio, a 1.3 megapixel digital camera with flash built in, a space for a memory card, you name it this phone has it!Reception: I have never had a problem with reception with this phone or ever dropped a call in an area that has more than two bars of service. This phone almost always has 4-5 bars, and it doesn't drop calls! I knew I had to get another LG brand phone because my last one was an older model LG, and I broke it to smithereens on countless occasions and it still worked, so LG knows what they're about when it comes to making great phones!Service: I love Verizon wireless. I used to have Sprint (what a HORRIBLE provider) I have had them for over two years now, and I have never had a problem. The customer service is great, not to mention the best possible network when it comes to reception and never dropping calls!Goodies: A++! THis phone has TONS of cool features and goodies. My personal favorite is the acclaimed bluetooth, which is one of those "once you have it you don't know how you ever went without" deals. All I have to do is press a button, give a command and say a name. No voice training, no programming, all you have to do is put the person's name and number in your phone! No more worrying where that stupid headset with the cord is!Sounds/Ringers: The sound on this phone is very clear. So clear in fact that when people hear the "Truetones" ringers (with an actual song by an artist), they wonder "where did you get that phone" because it sounds as good as a radio! The MP3 speakers make the sound quality blow other phones out of the water! I dowload all my ringers from Get It Now. And Verizon Ringback tones are great too.Camera: The camera in this phone is a real 1.3 megapixel digital camera with flash. It takes really good pictures for what it is, and it is always nice to always have a digital camera on hand at all times!Other features: This phone has a color screen on both the front display and main display, is very nice-looking and sturdy, and it has these cool little lights that light up in different colors when the phone rings. It has a schedule, alarm clock, tip calculator, regular calculator, notepad, world clock, e-mail and of course mobile web and text & pix mesaging.I definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a new phone, even though it is one of the pricier models available from VZW, it is WELL worth the cost, and if you are in the market for a new cell phone, bluetooth is definitely the way to go!

The phone itself is not so bad, the picture quality is good, sound is also very good. vcast streaming is clear as well.  HOWEVER, The volume on the LG8100 is a PROBLEM.  If you are in a moving car or at a location with some noise it is very difficult to hear the other person.  If the person you are talking to have any background noise, forget about it.  You will not hear anything.  I got all the updated software, re-program the phone as instructed by Verizon service people and nothing helped. If you are considering buying this phone, please think twice.  I didn't believe other users who had problems with the volumn control on this phone, and now I wish I did...By the way, I also tried the Samsung SCH-a950, and it's just as bad.  I was surprised by how these phones can perform so poorly since these are the phones Verizon has been advertising so much about. I mean, all the mp3 player, camera, and other features are nice to have on a phone, but how about the basic function of allowing users to "talk" and "hear" other people.I am sure Verizon probably has the best "coverage" area, but I didnt get to try other verizon phones because I decided to go with a different carrier after 2 Verizon phones failed on me.

Pros:BluetoothBeautiful screenGreat cameraSolid construction and designAbility to view messages on outer screen.Ability to add more memoryMP3 functionality (Coming Soon!!)Cons:Music on Demand service not available yet.Weird allocation of phone's memory.Inability to load mp3's from SD card as ringtonesI'm a Verizon member from NJ and have been using an LG VX7000 prior to upgrading to the VX8100.The VX8100 is an improvement over the VX7000. The VX8100 now has bluetooth in addition to speakerphone. I purchased a bluetooth headset, paired it and it works great for me.The 8100 also had one minor improvement that was a major improvement for me. The 7000 had no vibrating text alert (other than quiet mode) but the 8100 has a vibrating text alert in normal mode in addition to an audio alert.This phone has a wonderful inside screen that looks amazing.Text messaging is a breeze and I love that I can see my text and pix messages that I received without even having to open the phone.Phone sound and signal seem equal to what I had on the VX7000 so thats a plus for me as I had good signal and service in my area.I can't comment on VCAST because I am not signed up for it but will try it later on. I have used it on other phones and I do enjoy so having it available is a plus.My only concerns are the supposed mp3 player that is not active. I'm told it may go active when Music on Demand starts in 6-8 months. Also, the memory allocation is weird. Original specs stated the phone had 512 MB but I'm not seeing anything near that much available at the moment. Only thing I can think is the numbers were wrong or that Verizon saved that memory for Music on Demand. I also wish I could use mp3's as ringtones without having to resort to hacking the phone.I absolutely love this phone. Remember, I'm coming from the 7000 so to me this phone is a wonderful upgrade and I am glad I upgraded when I did.I recommend this phone to everyone!

This phone is exactly what I expected and in very good shape.  My only concern is, the battery life.  I have to charge the phone every night.

on this phone u cant even use ur recordings as ur ringtone. if u use mobile 17 to create ringtones it saves in my sounds and u cant use that as ur ringtone plus u need to buy a memory card in order to put mp3a on. to connect it to the pc u need to buy a costly bluetooth adapter of a dat transfer. it takes forever to us camera and video is only 15 secs. also lg is the hardest phone to hack so u cant extend the video time. 4 bluetooth the voice dialing is gat but sometimes annoying. also the ringtone does not play through the headset. vcAST is $15 a month and web mobile is costly. it comes with no games so u have to dwnld them ur self and pay money. i reccomend this phone if u r willing to put a lot of time and money or u just want to show off.

I love this phone!  It is so cool!  The camera quality is exceptional, although there is a delay when push the button to capture a pic.  Great phone with all the bells and whistles, plus it was time for my upgrade and I got it FREE!  One note:  Be careful with the volume.  It has stereo quality speakers and if you have the tones set on HIGH, it sounds like the speakers are going to blow.

I have had this phone since December and so far it has been pretty good to me. The service isn't as bad as other reviews have said. There have been some questions about the MP3 player being disabled.  Go to the menu, push 0, then push it five more times to get to a "secret" menu. I dont know why verizon made this, but go to music setting, and choose MP3 enable. This sill turn it on. This phone has good service, speaker phone, voice regocnition, text and pix messaging, and most of all V Cast. V Cast is a Verizon service that lets you buy, and watch music videos and other things of the like. With me being only 13, i found this phone relatively easy to use. I did blow the speakers, but that has been the only problem so far... ITS A GREAT PHONE!

I have had a model of this phone for about one month.  Verizon has replaced my handset because of dropped calls.  However in the replacement model still find that that volume is lacking.  The voice is still choppy.  The stubb antenna is something evil.  Either develop a full antenna or an internal antenna.  A stubb is just in the way.  The features are all gutted by Verizon (And I was told that they have great service).  The ringers suck.  I guess Verizon wants you to buy from them.  I paln to downgrade to a more another phone without all of the features that hopefully gets better reception.

After almost 2 years with this phone, I have nothing good to say about it.  The reception has been terrible, the battery discharges within 10 hrs (and that's when I don't use it--when I do talk, the talk time is under an hour), and it's difficult to hear anyone half the time.  Several friends with the vx8100 have had similar experiences.  I guess I was spoiled by my Nokia--and I'll be going back.  I can't imagine ever buying an LG again.

I would like to say that I have very much enjoyed owning this phone. I would also like to clear up a few things that are stated in other reviews. There is a software update that disables the mp3 player by default because of the Vcast music store. It if very easy to turn back on by hitting Menu, 0 , then six more 0's. Scroll down to the bottom and their is music setting, and you can turn mp3 support back on. I have software version 7 and it has increased the call volume so I can hear people much more easily in noisy settings. Everything works well on this phone, the camera is pretty decent for being on a cell phone. My phone usually goes for 4+ days between charges and still has at least 1 bar left. This phone can be connected to a computer through bluetooth to transfer files, and to use it at a modem for Dial Up Networking. If you are interested in either of these, do a search on google, and you will find helpful forums. YOu can also put movies on the MiniSD card and their is also a headphone adaptor that you can buy on amazon to be able to plug any stereo headphones into the phone for watching movies, listening to mp3's ect.

I bought my phone used and paid more (and had to buy the battery and charger) so this deal (included battery & charger) was great. Ive had my phone 2 years and its still good. My son lives in the hills so is having some reception problems but his area is difficult anyway. this is a great phone for most people and a wonderful deal from the seller I bought from.

this Phone works great, bought it as a replacement phone cause my hubby needed an updated phone and so far he has been vary pleased with this one, it gets great service and it easy to use and program as so is the must as my hubby needed a phone that is user friendly lol

I've logged about 4 hours call time so far with no dropped calls. The reception has been great. I traveled through half of Florida this passed weekend and had no problems making or receiving calls. This phone is slighly larger than normal so it fits in my large hands well. Feels as if it is built solid. The camara takes good pictures as far as a cell phone goes. The speakerphone is loud and clear however I did hear an echo. The screen is one of the best I've seen. My dislikes: Verizon disabled the MP3 player but that is something I don't really care to use. The disco lights that like up when you receive a call may annoy some. This phonecomes with the lamest ring tones I have ever heard. Of course, in the menu there are plenty of oppertunities to buy new ring tones. Come on Verizon, don't play your customers as chumps! The Vcast doesn't really impress me. It did come in handy when I was at a resort and the sky turned dark. I was able to check the weather and see that the rain would miss me. Other than that it really is just a way for Verison to peddle there online applications for a fee of course.

I think I'm fair with most phones but after a terrible LG for my wife why did I ever get this phone?Well I went in for VErizon's early upgrade hoping to make some profit.  See I had just received a Motorola e815 (a couple months before) as a replacement for a Motorola v710 and so the e815 was practically free and new.  I sold it and got this LG making a nice profit, but little did I know, I was practically selling my soul... the phone's mp3 player was pretty nice but other than that... what a waste.  I got echo in the receiver several times, low-low-low (very poor) reception even in generally good areas.  Furthermore the phones battery life really isn't to great.Listen if you have to have an LG or a phone that carries MP3 buttons on the exterior casing... go ahead and waste your money or do what I did... take the stinking LG throw it on a certain bidding site for $199.99 and buy a MOTOROLA e815 which by far has the best reception on Verizon's network in my opinion, even better than the razr.  When it come sto clarity and reception my three last Motorolas have all been better than this (v265, v710 and 3815) and that is why I am now in my office with my trusty e815 back in its case.

The product was exactly what it should be and worked great.  I would buy again from this seller and recommend them to other people.

Got the phone from Verizon as an uprgrade from my old LG phone at the end of my 2-year contract.  Found that sound faded in and out - went back to Verizon the next day and they said that was because of a software problem with the phone.  They updated the software which helped but did not fix the problem.  Otherwise I like LG as I am used to their buttons, camera, and speed dial approach.  I wish there was a strong competitor to Verizon as they are as arrogant as can be (they don't really let you use all the bluetooth features - and their customer service is awful) - but their coverage is excellent in the northeast.

I got the RAZR on a whim. I hated it. Crap speaker. Terrible battery 14-16 hour life!!). No traditional plug for headset, and Bluetooth is weak at best. Just plain bad. On the 13th day I returned it for a LG 8100 . AMAZING. Great battery life. (I mean great). Much better speaker. Feels better in the hand. I love it. It's not my first LG, but the best I have had to date. And I can use all my old wired headsets. The only thing is the car charger is different from my old LG. No big deal in the big picture. Highly reccommended. The RAZR has a following that numbs the mind. People who care more about looks than function.

I was between this phone and the Motorola e815. I was in the store playing with the two phones, and I decided on this. I'm more than happy with the decision. OK, enough history, my review:Pros:-The menu is very familar. Not saying that the Motorola was bad, just this didn't take getting used to. If you've ever had an LG or Samsung (like myself) than the menu will be second nature.-The phone itself has a solid feel to it. I have a VERY bad habit of dropping cell phones, and I trust this one will stand up to quite a few big drops.-Comes with IM software with AIM on it. It costs text messages, but I have plenty of those to burn up, and seeing as how I text more than I talk, this was pretty important feature. It's nice to beable to do the whole AIM thing, through you're phone.-The speakers are incredible. Although I have no intention of using the MP3 player, I plan on loading this thing with ring tones, and I know they are going to sound amazing on this thing.-The speaker phone is great. Because of the speakers, it's no problem at all to hear the party you're talking to.-The MiniSD slot is great if you do intend on using the MP3 player. I do however question the battery life when using it. Granted, I'm only assuming, but I don't see how that wouldn't drain the battery something fierce.-Camera is 1.3mp. Not something you're going to want to take important pictures with, but it's excellent for those moments when you don't have the digital camera on you, and something cool just needs to be captured.-The bluetooth's range is pretty impressive. I can walk around my house (within reason) and leave the phone in my room, and make calls with just the ear piece. I would guess this also relies on the ear piece though.-I had a Samsung a670 before this, and the Mobile Web was crap on it. Maybe it's just ignorance, but I find this phone's internet very fast.-Although it's stupid and ultimately useless, it's fun being able to read text messages on the outside window. Also, the "disco" light on the outside that flashes when you get a call/text, its cool. Some hate it, I like it.and now, the cons:-The Bluetooth is crippled, and I know I sound like a broken record at this point with all the other reviews saying this, but it is a pain. It would be nice to get ring tones and not have to pay $2 a piece for them. Although, this is nothing that the right software can't fix.-While you can hear the party you're talking to find with the speaker phone, you have to hold the phone relativly close to you're face when talking. Which makes me think, why not just go the extra 4 inches, and hold it to you ear. Whatever.-It doesn't bother me, but in a world of nano iPods and Razr cell phones, I can see how people could be taken back by the size and "bulk" of the phone. The speakers make the phone look a little heavy at the hinge.So if you're looking for a phone with a decent camera, speaker phone, bluetooth, and just things to impress people with, this is a great choice.

Everything works right and this phone is loaded. Bluetooth, wma playback, speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera. The camera is great and has a "flash," which is more or less a flashlight. The zoom feature on the photo mode only works on lower resolution (it is digital not an actual zoom, it just essentially crops your photo). Verizon actually lets you save pictures to the memory card, so they are easy to remove. The built in memory is higher than on most phones, but it fills quick (32 mb unformated). The built in memory can hold about four pictures and 11 songs at 64 kbps wma. Mac users (like me) beware, music syncing will not work nor will address book syncing (bluetooth sees it but wont connect). I have access to a pc so I can sync if needed. The phone is well built and sturdy, and is an awesome upgrade from a motorola v265. Also, keep in mind the phone uses a 2.5" jack and not the standard 3.5" jack, so your normal headphones will not work without an adaptor. The front button do work for playback, so ignore older reviews (older verzion software made the front buttons just for show, they had no use). To elbaborate on music playback (since this is the major draw of this phone)... music storage can be extended with a memory card (I went to newegg.com, got a 512 shipped for about 22), you must use Windows Media Player 10 and can only use wma (xp only, you can get mp3 playback by reverting to older phone software, but you must demand it) you can startup music playback without opening the phone, just hold down the middle play button. The music organization is poor compared to an iPod or other DAP, if you do not open the phone, it just plays it in order, everytime. If you open the phone while the music is playing, there is about a one or two second period in which the music will stop and restart. The music interface on the large display is not common... it does not use the usual hierarchical interface making it difficult and cumbersome. I have not used VCast music, at 15 a month plus I believe 1.99 a song, you spend more money on one song as you would on buying a conventional CD, so I cannot comment on download speeds or playback. Verzion's headphones are good enough and feature a mic so you can use them as a "hands free set"... I ended up buying their music pack which comes with the drivers, usb cable and headphones. Beware, Verzion says using a third party usb cable will void the warranty (Verzion in my experience has poor customer service and rips you off at any chance (20 dollars to bring put a number on a new phone)). Syncing with the Verizon cable is fast (usb 2.0). Do not make my mistake... I thought it would sync by making a sync list in wmp and then connecting it, Wrong. You must go to menu> get it now> get tunes and tones> sync music. Verzion and microsoft should take a page from apple... if you plug your phone in your computer your probably want to sync, you shouldn't have to go through three or four submenus. I have not used address book syncing through outlook, but trying to do it on my mac, there are just as many submenus. Video capture is limited to 15 seconds on this phone. The internal screen is fairly large compared to most phones, and very bright. I can actually see it on bright Arizona days, compared to by old moto, which would be  a blur. All in all, if you are looking for a solid phone that is featured pack pick this up. The camera is good for the quick shot, music playback is good for when you have some time to blow, but it is not an iPod replacement, if you have white earbuds on constantly, keep them, for now. Only gripe is Mac support is horrible, as is Verizon's fees and random charges.

When I decided I wanted a new phone, I wanted to buy the best there was. Therefore, I spent A LOT of time searching and comparing, then re-searching and re-comparing. The debate was between this phone and the E815. My final conclusion was that, though both have had reported problems and benefits, the problems with the E815 worried me much more than the problems with the 8100. So I went with the 8100 and after 3 months, I see nothing to make me think I made the wrong choice. The phone is sturdy and the layout is logical. Whether it is the phone or verizon, my signal and voice quality is vastly improved from my old provider, and I've been told I sound like I'm on a land line. The phone is also very handy: I use the picture and camcorder all the time, with very good results.A word of caution: I have seen several people complain about things that are due only to their own stupidity or inability to look at the big picture. (For example, several people couldn't figure out how to work some aspect, where it was child's play to most people.) Several other complaints are complaints against Verizon in general and may apply to any phone you get with them. (I'm thinking bluetooth here.) Several others would complain about sound or signal strenth, when this is largely due to other factors like location and carrier. I have had no problems with sound quality. Just be careful when listening to complaints.Lastly, as with any technology lately, whatever you want this phone to do, it can most likely do, and there are plenty of people out there willing to help you do it. For example, there is plenty of advice out there on how to get MP3's on your phone faster/easier. All you have to do is search.

For some reason not all mp3's will play. I transfer mp3's from either my Mac or PC on to a 512MB miniSD car via an adapter. Install miniSD into phone, turn on MP3 player and all songs show up in player and seem to be fine, but some songs will not play. All the mp3's were ripped from CD's and not protected. Also the minimum volume level is too loud. I'm using Jabra earphones and the sound quality is as good as any earphones.Bluetooth is limited to only pair with earphones - who thought that was a good idea?Other than that the Pix and Flix and sound and texting and even the basic phone service work better than expected; even my wife who is technically retarded has figured out how to use most of the features.

My wife has this phone wont let itgo,this replacementis better then the one we have works great and serivce was excellent. Thanks for everything.

Excellent phone on all fronts. I bought it with the intention of leveraging all features including mp3s and full customization without a connection kit or extra service fee. I've gotten it to do everything I wanted. To get all the features I'd say you need  to be a bit tech savy. But even basic users will enjoy the phone.Standard stuff is excellent - reception, interface, contacts, calendar, talk and standby time, very nice/bright lcd, etc. Also feels much more solid than the 815e.I use bluetooth and opensource pc software to exchange images, and ringers(mp3s). Very easy once learned. I'm a bit techy.I load mp3s (renamed to .mid and &lt;~15 chars) to a miniSD card - very nice player. Stereo speakers work very well. Although cant close lid. Great to listen to audio books or lectures. Does play videos/movies but has to be converted by software, big hassle but its an option.Camera: Very good phone cam - I also have a 7mp canon sd500 camera (awesome camera!) so it doesn't compare. I save pix/video to miniSD card.Speakerphone: ok, but very handy when needed.EV-DO: broadband internet - via bluetooth - very nice - simple and fast, I connected at ~110k on XP laptop. I use it as a backup net connection but not really needed as there are so many ways to connect to the net. Can be a bit tricky to set up on laptop. Not documented. Does cost $15 per month extra (not bad though).Cons:1) Can be a bit difficult to hear other person in ear.2) Some features are hidden - must find settings to enable.3) Manual is lame for advanced users.Overall its a very personalizable phone. With some google searching and about 2 or 3 hours you can get it to do lots of stuff not mentioned in the book or in the store.  Worth it for the mp3 player with miniSD card.

Man i think this phone is sooo cool i have had it for a couple of weeks.....I think if you know how to work phones this phone will be your best freind

I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more. I had bought a Jabra 350 Bluetooth Headset and it works very well I could hear well with it and other people could hear me. Well about two months later when I was on the headset with people it would cut out...they could hear me but I couldn't hear them and when the other person would come back it would about blow my eardrum out. I thought maybe it was just the Bluetooth so I bought a cord headset well it does the same thing. I've had both the phone and both headsets replaced and still  their is no fixing it. I spend a lot of my talking time on the road so it is very important for me to have the headset work, so I'm very displeased with my situation. I also have problem with it restarting itself whenever it wants. I would not recommend this phone and it makes me mad because I still have 7 months before I can get a new one and Verizon basically told me to deal this one until my contract was up. The only thing I still like about it is it's blue. I also had an older LG model and I had problems with it shutting down too and had it replaced once. I will NEVER buy another LG

In my job as a landscaping contractor, my phones take a beating.  My previous Moto E815 was destroyed after 6 months.  Im goin on a year with this phone and still no problems.  It constantly gets dropped, abused, and almost run over, but always functions great.  I love the multi color light outside of it and the SD slot allowing me to add infinite music and ringtones.  The battery life on this phone leaves something to be desired, as mine only last for about 1.5 days after a year of use.  Also i notice that others with Verizon can get sevice in places I cant with mine.  But overall the service is consistent, and this phone has held up great.  Full of features and great for those of you like me that have destroyed phones in the past.

great reception, good camera, sleek design, good ringtones, great service(on verizons part), all combine to make this phone perfect. i guess one COULD argue that there should be more "fun" stuff on this phone(pre-loaded games, etc.) but i can't argue-this phone is great!

I bought this phone the day after Verizon began offering it (July 2005). My primary reason for buying it was the bluetooth capability, and the phone delivers on that front. It pairs easily with my Jabra BT250v headset (it also works with the wired headsets I have laying around, despite the stereo-capable headset jack). With some tinkering I was even able to use it to connect my laptop to the internet using a USB bluetooth adapter.The phone delivers on other fronts as well. It has survived a couple of drops (which is par for the course with my phones) and the charge lasts long enough that I am never surprised by a sudden dead battery. Voice recognition requires no training, and the name announcement, while definitely synthesized, is at least recognizable.I do have a few reasons for withholding a perfect rating (note that I haven't upgraded my software at all, so some of these may no longer apply). The reception on the phone is not as good as it was on my Motorola v120e. The echo cancellation could use some work, especially in speakerphone mode. I have to go through several layers of menus to play my games. There is an annoying delay between when I press the capture button and when the camera actually takes a picture. The voice recognition engine has a problem understanding the word "Yes". And while the handset volume has never been a problem for me, it takes a little practice to figure out where to hold the speaker to your ear--it's not easy to do by feel, and improper placement will drastically reduce the effective volume.If I had the decision to make over again, I would definitely still buy this phone. While I've mentioned more negatives than positives for informational purposes, the phone delivers on so many fronts that the good things about the phone far outweigh the minor problems I've had.

I just took this phone back to Verizon and got my old VX6000 back. While the camera might be nice, I'll stick to my Sony Digital for photos.The voice command is terrible.  I felt like I was talking to Dell Support in India.My calls dropped, there was voice feedback on both ends and I couldn't get back to the store fast enough.  If you buy this phone just remember you have only 15 days to return it.

I just received this phone in Nov of 2005.  All of the kinks that people had with the phone when it was released have been resolved.  The MP3 player is awesome and the buttons on the front of the phone work, without any special setup.  Downloading songs is very simple.  Put your miniSD card into the phone and select the option to format the card from the phone.  By formatting the card on your phone, it will add the appropriate folders for mp3s, ringtones, etc.  Then remove the card and use a card reader on your computer to paste your songs into the mp3 folder.  To play the songs on your phone, just hold the play button on the front of the phone.  SO SIMPLE and eliminates the need for a separate mp3 player.  The songs sound great, they even have an equalizer on the phone for sound optimization.  You can buy a stereo headset that can be used to make phone calls.  The phone also has a speakerphone, which is activated by holding the CLR button (not in manual).  I tried the Motorola e815 for a couple days, as a former LG user I had some irritating issues.  The alarm clock cannot be set for Monday thru Friday, which means it will go off every morning unless you manually turn it off (silly, but important).  The vibrate on the Motorola is virtually non existent.  You will NOT see/hear the phone vibrate on a table to let you know a call is coming on. This is important for those of us with consideration for others in restaurants.  The motorola does not have the front buttons for the mp3 player, which is a nice addition.  For me the LG wins hands down, especially if you were a previous LG owner.

Don't bother ordering this phone for VCast or Broadband internet unless you live in a really big city. Go onto the support section of Verizonwireless.com and you can click the BROADBAND coverage map. It isn't much! Look for the blueish-gray areas NOT the yellow areas!

I have purchased this for family members and often recommended it, but sometime in February, VZW busted the .mp3 player so that it no longer works on new phones.I don't know with what software / feature relase this took place, but using the phone as a simple .mp3 player was a great plus for this phone, and the reason I bought it and recommended it to others.At some point, I suppose VZW will turn off the phone service features as well...

I needed a spare cell phone recently for making a few calls and I was very pleased with this LG in the past. My spare I gave to my dad so I needed to purchase one more and I new how this cell worked and was very pleased back then and am pleased now.

what else can i say? a massive, strong phone. it has been dropped so many times and still working. the keys still work. u can press on them. it is easier than using a touch phone..

The phone is great. It's much better than my expectation in many respects. You can even set a moving image as the wall paper. So many great features.The problem I had wasn't about the phone but with Amazon. I got the phone about 10 days after I'd placed the order (The website said it would be shipped in 24 hours but it was shipped a week after). When I got the phone, I couldn't activate the phone because my information wasn't in Verizon's database! Verizon folks told me that I was supposed to be given a temporary number, which was nowhere found. I talked to the Amazon customer service agent on the phone (1-800-201-7575: write it down, this is useful) but he had no idea. I had to spend more than three hours on the phone to finally figure out the solution; the solution, ironicially was a nice woman at Verizon who just went ahead and activate my phone.What a hassle. But I'm glad that I got this nice phone.

I had to buy this phone at full retail value becouse my old phone broke and I didn't have insurence it costed me 300 Bucks but it is well worth it....It has loud volume rings and a wide varity of True Tones.....The only issues I have with this phone are the camara takes poor quality pictures and ringtones are to expensive but over all I give this phone the highest possible number of 5 but I would give it a 10 if I could...But don't take my word for it go to your near by Verizon store and try it out risk free if you dont like it just swap it but I think you will love it

This is an excellent phone, when it works.  I have had this phone replaced 4 times since I purchased it a little more than a year ago, three times for a faulty "socket?" for the earpiece/headset and once for freezing up when trying to use the camera.  The earpiece for my latest version was dead, again, two weeks after it was replaced and I just don't feel like going through the hassle of waiting for another new one via Fed Ex.  I think it is telling that Verizon stopped carrying this model shortly after I purchased it and every replacement has had to come from the manufacturer itself.  I have only owned LG phones prior to this and was satisfied with all my previous models.  I may even buy another LG in the future--after adequate research--but this one has done nothing but inconvenience me.

This is a great cellphone. Before this one I had an LG VX4400 and I loved it. These are the good things about this one:(1. Very intuitive user interface. The physical buttons as well as the software.(2. Battery efficient (lights turn off totally after a min or so, turn off partially in a few secs).(3. Videocamera/picture quality are very good.(4. Very nice look and feel.(5. Upgrade of software with features such as textboxes for searching, entering addresses is very nice.I haven't used the features like bluetooth and vcast.Cons:. The volume seems to trouble me a bit. Even after being on the highest level, it sometimes isn't loud enough.. Could use more pre-installed ringtones.Verdict: BUY IT.

I thought this phone was great for about 2 months! I have had it almost 2 years now and There is very little good to say about it. I am on my third battery and it is on its way out. I am on my second charger. I would neverbuy another LG phone! My whole family has different Lg models and they all have the same problem.

I got this phone and ditch my old crappy phone. VX8100 has good quality speaker and loud enough... it tweets quite well. It plays WMA and Mp3 files (MP3 only when you manually enabled it thru special keystrokes). Bought a 2GB miniSD for less than $65 and stores hundreds of songs and movie clips (3gp only - u need a software that converts AVI and MPEG files to 3gp format). Get some accessories from Ebay and then u can create yur own ring tones.Reception and sound quality is good. Bluetooth headset working well with the phone. This phone can replace any Mp3 player. It has a limited ability as a voice recorder... time constraint. All filenames must have 32 characters or less; the phone won't be able to read the file if it is more than 32 characters.The only complains that I have are the life of the battery is not great especially when I use the phone to play clips or music. Also, there are only a max of 10 playlists for the songs; not enough when i have over 500 songs. Quality of camera 1.3meg - only satisfying - cant zoom... sometimes blurry. Camcorder is good but unfortunately it only records for 15 seconds max.

I just got this phone for my wife, and we are both very impressed with it.  Unless you *really* need a full keyboard, this phone should take care of your needs.  Here's a breakdown by function:Call Quality - my wife was coming from a Samsung SCH-A630, and the difference is substantial.  The calls are very clear on both ends, and it has a good speakerphone too.Text Messaging - this phone has T9 for predictive text entry.  For the occasional text message user, this is more than sufficient.  If you are a pay as you go rather than having a text bundle, this phone will meet your needs.  It is nice to be able to set a callback number and have it sent automatically with your messages.Bluetooth - here's another strong feature on this phone.  While it doesn't support the full bluetooth profiles, no phone from Verizon does.  That's a trade off that you make for using "The Network", and in my opinion, it's worth it.  We paired the phone with our PC at home and made a backup of her phonebook using DataPilot - this will save you $10 the next time you change phones.  We also paired it with a Motorola HS850(see my review) which has worked consistently with all of the bluetooth phones I've used.  It supports voice commands and automatic call transfer - if you set the "auto answer" option in Tools -> Call Settings.Mobile Web 2.0 - this works pretty well.  The T9 function works in the Openwave browser so unless you are entering proper names, this is sufficient.  The EV-DO speed is great.  The resolution is not as good as on the 9800, but the 256k color screen still does a nice job.V-Cast - the videos look great, and the stereo speakers make for a nice experience. They could stand to add some more content, but it's not bad for $15/mo. The bonus that you get with V-Cast is that you don't get charged for minute usage on Mobile Web - a big bonus indeed!Music - this has changed recently with the V-Cast Music.  You can no longer use MP3 files like you could on older models.  We don't use our phones as music players so this doesn't really matter to us.Ringtones - typical weak selection from the LG line of phones.  However, if you find something you can stand, is it really that big of a deal?Unless you need to full keyboard that the 9800 has, this phone is probably the best that Verizon has to offer right now.

I've been partial to LG phones for a few years, so I was biased towards this phone to begin with, but its features have exceeded my expectations. This was not an out of the box phone, but a project that takes a bit of time, patience, and a few accessories to get it configured and setup just right.Firstly, the music mp3 player works great, with clear extrenal speakers and a headphone/ microphone jack. It uses a 4 part, not 3 part 2.5mm mini-plug, so this restricts the headphones or adapters you can use with it. I bought the Jabra C220 stereo earbuds, and they work nicely. I also bought two 512 Mb Sandisk mini SD cards to hold music, though I heard the 1 Gb mini SD card also works fine. Make sure you buy mini SD instead of regular SD cards. To load the mp3s on the card from my computer, I bought a  USB card reader that reads SD cards. The first time you put in a mini SD card, the phone puts three folders on the card, one for sounds, one for pictures, and one for mp3s. The phone's mp3 player is somewhat buried, but you can create a shortcut to it: OK button -> right toggle 2 times -> OK button -> down toggle 2 times -> OK button -> 0 -> hit CLR button twiceNow, when you hit the down toggle button, the mp3 player comes right up.Secondly, I knew the video and music player capabilities would take extra battery power, so I went ahead and bought the extended life battery, and it's been a great investment, lasting well through heavy usage. Be aware the battery is larger and makes the phone a little bulkier.You can synchronize and download your phone book, wallpaper, Outlook Calendar and ringtones with the free program BitPim and a n LG VX8100 data cable you can buy on eBay or elsewhere that connects via USB to your computer.I also picked up the Bluetooth Logitech wireless headset, and it works great, but I prefer using the built-in speakerphone on my lap while driving.This phone has all sorts of interesting possible tweaks for those so inclined to tinkering-- at your own risk.The bottom line is that this is the cell phone with the functionality I've always wanted, phone + extended battery + mini SD cards + card reader + Jabra headphones + BitPim + data cable.The only warnings: find documentation online, not from Verizon; slim and petite this phone is not; and don't expect everything ready to roll directly out of the box.

*** Updated Jan 26, 2006 to account for v07 firmware update ***If you have an older version of the phone, bring it to a Verizon Wireless store and ask them to update the firmware for you.Basically, the VX8100 (for Verizon) is good phone that's unfortunately held back by a few irritating problems.Camera------Good:The 1.3 megapixel camera takes good pictures as long as there's adequate lighting (otherwise, there'll be a lot of noise in the photo).The camera has a lot of adjustable functions (flash, white balance, color effects, night shooting, etc.).The outside screen can also be used as a viewfinder for taking pictures of yourself, or as a makeshift mirror.Bad:Bad shutter lag.  At the highest resolution, it takes 3-4 seconds to capture an image.  The viewfinder (screen) will appear to take a picture as soon as you press the shutter button, but it actually just freezes the phone while it takes a different picture in the background.  Make sure your subjects stand very still.The camcorder function is limited to 15-second videos, regardless of memory card size.Interface---------Good:For the most part, I like the user interface on this phone.  All the major functions I want are present: the menus are clear, if layered a bit deep; the address book works as expected (multiple #s per entry, per-person ringtones and pictures, groups, up to 99 quick dial numbers); T9 predictive text input is helpful for messaging (but if you do a lot of that, I'd look into the VX9800 instead).Bad:My only real gripe is the lack of customizability for shortcut keys.  You can only customize one button, the down d-pad button, and doing so will replace the caledar.  I'd rather replace the Web Browser, Get It Now, or any of the other buttons that I don't use, but the phone won't allow me to.Applications------------Good:The phone comes with several useful applications/utilities, including a web browser, calendar, an alarm clock, a world clock, a notepad, a calculator, and a tip calculator.Bad:Third-party applications are limited to Verizon programs from GetItNow, as is apparently the case with all Verizon phones.  This means that if you want more functionality out of your phone, you're going to have to pay for it.Data/internet access--------------------Good:EV-DO support means fast connections to the web.  Streaming video (V-Cast) works as expected, and the $15 package includes unlimited web browsing.Bad:The web browser just plain sucks.  There is no way to directly bookmark a page -- or, for that matter, go directly to a URL -- without first going to a special Verizon page.  This means you have to memorize or write down the address you want to go to, navigate to the special Verizon page, and then manually re-enter the address.  I have no idea why they designed it this way, but it's so unuseable that it made me cancel my mobile web service.Sound-----Good:As of firmware version v07, the phone supports V-Cast music downloads.  They can either be downloaded on the phone directly ($1.99 per song) or purchased on a PC and then transferred over a USB cable (99 cents per song).  You must have an active V-Cast plan to download songs on the phone.Sound quality is okay on the speakerphone, but you'd probably want to get a stereo headset if you want to do any real listening.The phone has an equalizer function with settings for Pop, Rock, 3D surround and more.The version 7 firmware mysteriously disables the phone's original MP3 playback capability, but this can be easily restored by entering a hidden menu:  Push the "Menu" button and then enter 000000 when asked for the service code.  Go to item #11 and enable MP3 playback.  Now the phone will be able to play MP3s and WMAs from the memory card again.Bad:Playlists are only supported for V-Cast downloads, not songs on the memory card.The song title is not displayed on the front screen, only the inside.  The front screen displays the current equalizer setting and also a huge and worthless visualization animation.Earlier versions of the phone had a problem with headset volume, but this was fixed with version 7 firmware.  You may need to update your phone if you encounter this problem.The speakerphone quality isn't great.  It works, but sounds bad at louder levels.  I'm not sure how well it'd work with music (but you could always buy special stereo headphones for the phone).Voice Dialing, Voice Command, Text to Speech--------------------------------------------Good:The phone uses an actual speech recognition engine, meaning you can theoretically dial any name or speak any command without prior training.  This works... somewhat.  75% of the time, the phone would do just what I told it to do.Voice command allows you to do more than just dial people in your address book.  You call any telephone number (if you say the numbers clearly enough); check your voicemail; have your missed calls listed; check your text messages; and have the current time and date spoken to you.The "Announce Alert" feature will speak out loud, using the phone's text-to-speech capability, whenever a call or message arrives, e.g. "Incoming call from Bob" or "Incoming message from 123-123-1234".  I personally like this feature, but if you find it annoying, you can turn it off.Bad:Speech recognition is a double-edged sword.  With that many more possible voice commands, 25% of the time the phone will simply get it wrong, especially in noisy environments.A more serious issue is the voice interface itself:  Instead of allowing you to dial a name with just one button push, you have to navigate through the whole menu system every time.  It's like having to talk to those voice menu systems you sometimes get when calling a company.  The procedure goes something like this:Phone: Please say a command.Me: Call someone.Phone; Please say a name.Me: Bob.Phone: Did you say, "Rob"?Me: No.Phone: Please say a name."Me: Bob.Phone: Did you say, "Bob"?Me. Yes.Phone: Call mobile?Me: No.Phone: Call home?Me: No.Phone: Call work?Me: Yes.Phone: Calling.I'd have much preferred being able to just say "Bob", even if I had to first train the phone.Conclusion----------In summary, the phone seems to be a great gadget crippled by flawed software.  If you can live with the annoyances, you may like the phone for its abundance of features.  Personally, I just wish LG and Verizon did more testing and bugfixing before releasing this phone.  It could've been so much better.

First of all, thanks to Amazon for lying and saying this phone has 512MB of memory. The MB that they're talking about is MegaBITS, meaning the phone only has 32 MegaBYTES. So if you want to have any real number of mp3s, pictures or video on this thing you will need to get a MiniSD card for sure. Lame.And speaking of MP3s, there's no way to really play them right or use the mp3 controls on the front of the phone. I read somewhere that Verizon should come out with an update for that soon, but when exactly, no one knows.Other than that I like the phone, it's fairly simple to use and the camera's pretty good. VCast is pretty sweet too, first month is free on Verizon right now.

I've had this thing since about when it came out and its proven to be a very poorly designed phone. I got it to replace a basic Nokia non-camera, non-flip phone whose keypad went bad after about three years, and all I wanted was a new basic Nokia phone but the family decided to switch to Verizon at this time and I ended up with this monstrosity. Immediately I noticed that the reception was worse and it dropped phone calls about ten times more often as my old Nokia, but I guess thats the risk you run switching service providers; I apparently live, work, go to school, shop for groceries, hang out, etc. next to Cingular antennas. Besides the poor reception, its just a poorly designed phone altogether. For instance, my old Nokia had an elegant, well implemented, and most importantly, quiet vibrate function, but on the LG the buzzer is louder than the actual ringer in many instances; its not the least bit discreet if an entire lecture hall can hear my phone vibrating away in my pocket so its useless to me. The keypad is illuminated with a very deep blue, which while very attractive, is the hardest color for the human eye to resolve so its actually fairly difficult to see in the dark. The phone is laden with all kinds of useless gimmicks which seem to distract most people from its shortcomings. I remark to my family that the reception is poor and they respond, dont you love the camera? Well no since I have a 4 megapixel digital camera that I use to take pictures. Its awkward to answer calls/adjust the volume/continually have to flip/unflip/reflip, etc....Isn't the MP3 player great? No, thats why I have an ipod. Its a terrible phone....Have you gone on the internet with it yet? (no, I spend enough of my day on the internet). Seems like most of the phones from the Verizon stable are similarly bad phones and its unfortunate that so many people keep buying them and thereby ensuring Verizon keeps selling them.

I WAS CONCERNED ABOUT IT BEING REFURBISHED, BUT IT IS AS GOOD AS BRAND NEW. GOT MY ORDER FAST AND I ORDERED EXTENDED BATTERY AFTERWARDS. LASTS FOR OVER A WEEK ON A SINGLE CHARGE. WOULD BUY AGAIN.

After 1 one week I exchanged the LG8100 and got a Motorola E815. I was dissatisfied with the LG8100 for several reasons. First, in my house I use to have full signal strength with my older model LG4400. With the new LG8100 the signal strength would bounce between 2 and 3 bars. If the other party was talking and the signal bounced back and forth (which was frequent) their speech would break up. Also, several people complained that I sounded muted on the LG8100 and would ask that I call back from my home phone. Also in other locations where I use to have good signal strength I had no signal with the LG8100.The volume on the LG8100 does not go high enough either. When in the car or a location with a little background noise it is very difficult to hear the other party even with the volume on the highest setting.I also didn't like the design of the phone. When the phone is flipped open you will notice that there is a large gap between the speakers and the hinges stick out far. If you hold the phone too close to your face I found the hard plastic hinges were uncomfortable against my face.I now have the Motorola E815 and love it! Reception is excellent! Single strength has always been high and I even have a good signal when in remote locations. Friends are also glad I got a different phone because they say I now sound clear and normal again.The volume on the E815 is also much better. On the highest setting in the car or in restaurants I can clearly hear callers.Many people complain that the E815 is large. But I think the design is much better than the LG8100. The E815 is longer but it is thinner so it easily slips into a pocket. And there are no large speakers which make the phone look unprofessional.

The first phone I received the battery was dead and the charger did not work.  I corresponded to the company and returned that phone and they sent a brand new phone which is great.  The only issue now is that it did not come with a car charger as it had said in the ad.  Unfortunately I could not find the name of the company to write and tell them that everything is fine but the phone charger was not included (something that would come in very handy here in FL where it hurricanes).  So if you could send them my thanks and also this request I would greatly appreciate your help.  Thank you.  Robert Libby

I have had the LG VX8100 for about 2 weeks now. This phone is the best phone i have ever bought. I get soooo much better reception and the design is fantastic. I havent been able to use the mp3 player part of the phone because i havent bought the mini SD card or the reader but i can say that the camera and video part of the phone is the best to date. I dont understand why other people are haveing so much trouble with the phone. Maybe they screwed the phone up. Make sure that if you buy the phone you also buy the phone kit that includes a leather case, a car charger, and some headphones for the mp3 player. If you buy the phone and the kit from verizon wireless, you get the kit for $25 instead of paying the full $50. If you dont like the design or the look of this phone you should consider the Samsung SCH-a950 because it looks different but it has the same exact features as the LG VX8100. Just to put it out there, the volume on the phone is perfect. Dont listen to the other people they expect the phone to be perfect and they are just being overcritical. All kts for phones if bought through verizon wireless are $25 instead of the full price of $50 just to let you all know. VERIZON WIRELESS ROCKS!!!!

I've never written a review on amazon but I'm so annoyed by this phone and verizon that it seems appropriate.The guy at the store encouraged me to get this phone as it's the hot new model.  I can't believe this is what verizon is pushing.  It's an ugly, heavy, poorly designed piece of junk.  I'm mad.Who cares if it can record videos, receive video, and wash the dishes if it doesn't do it's basic job of being a phone.  Now it works as a phone (not very well mind you, it get's the worst reception of any of the three verizon phones I've had and this is in downtown manhattan.)  But the design is too much.  For something that I use many times everyday, can't verizon have a phone that is beautiful and well designed and functional.It's SO awkward.  Everything from the way it feels in the hand to the way it feels when you open it to trying to find a number.  This phone is the perfect example of bad design.  Everytime I go to use it I find myself frustrated.I chose verizon for it's reliable service but the phones they choose are such junk.-the reception is the worst of the three verizon phones I've had.-it's ugly-it doesn't feel good to hold.-it's heavy-it feels like a heavy piece of junk-it's not pleasing to open.-the menu layout is very unintuitive-it's got something like eight logos on the case.

For somone who has had the same phone (Nokia 5160) for the last 5 years, this phone blew my mind. The quality of the color screen, the ability to take video... there are so many features on this phone that I won't use right now, but may appreciate in the future. Especially the Bluetooth capability. Most importantly, everyone I've called so far as noticed a 200% improvement on clarity of my voice.The signal has been almost perfect, I like the placement of the buttons and the photo disc feature could come in handy. I would definitely recommend this phone.Only caveat, there aren't too many accessories available as of yet.

My new VX8100 is an upgrade from VX6000's so I skipped a few models while holding out for bluetooth support. I didn't expect the EV-DO, but it is quite a bonus. If you subscribe to those wifi hotspot networks, you can save your money and take your own hotspot with you. Using bluetooth, I don't even take the phone out of my pocket to get my laptop or pda onto the Internet. I use Verizon's National Access (formerly Express Network) which is about 50kbps even in rural areas. The list of metro areas supporting EV-DO is growing fast, and that will get you something like 500kbps even way out into the burbs for the metro areas fortunate enough to have it already.. If you are considering use of your wireless phone to provide Internet access, that appears to be one area where Verizon has an edge over the other major providers, and this phone is broadband ready.Voice communication is also impressive. I had to get used to the old VX6000's frequency response when I first got them. What those, I would often press it to my ear to hear what somebody was saying, but if the person on the other end uttered the right syllable at the right pitch there was this resonant frequency that would send a sharp pain in the ear and down my spine. (No, King Arthur, it isn't the knights who say NEIGHK but maybe something like that.) The VX8100 seems to have the spectrum smoothed out a bit.Voice command of the VX8100 also works well, although I've not used any other phone with voice command features so I've got nothing to compare it with. Using my bluetooth headset (two year old Jabra model) and without taking the phone out of my pocket, I seem to be able to call anyone, check my voice mail, etc., and there is no need to record voice-dial names onto the contacts as the VX6000 required. So far, it has done a great job at guessing how to pronounce the names just by the spelling, and to recognize them when I say them. I haven't given that a thorough workout, but I'm impressed so far.Buying it right when it hit the stores was a risk. I usually would rather read a few of these reviews before buying, and wait until a firmware update or two has gone out just to see how the hold up. So I guess it was my turn to test the water. After one week of a variety of tests and a lot of airtime, I have found it to be more than I expected in some areas, and have found no reason to be disappointed. If you are a Verizon customer and up for a 2-year update, check the verizonwireless website and see what price you can get. Do that first so you can tell them you saw it for xxx, otherwise you get the price with a bag of items that you're better off buying somewhere else. And most worth of mention, you may want to avoid the hands-free headset they provide with that package deal because you may want to consider a Bluetooth headset. You can finally go wireless without the wires!

I was in two minds when I was getting a phone around Nov. Motorola E815 or LG VX8100.I saw that the LG one had a better screen, clearer display, better camera quality, photo display on outside lcd when taking a photo, better UI, stereo speakers, etc. The 815 lacked all this.I went for it. A day later I found that VCAST was not working. I got my piece replaced by another. (thus my 15-day return feature was already utilized).My friend got the E815. We started comparing. When we used to hang out together, I found that my phone always had 2 signal strength bars less than his. I started missing calls; I used to get sudden voicemails without my phone ringing, presumably because it could not get enough signal strength to receive the call. My friends started complaining that they cannot hear me.That was it. Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls. My phone was inferior to the E815 in these very core important issues. I went there to request an exchange, they said I cannot do it, since I have already utilized my 15-day return. I met two people there, who were returning their LG8100. One person was replacing it for the 3rd time, due to manufacturing defects. Other person was replacing it due to some malfunction.It is clear to me now that I made a very wrong decision here --- I should have trusted Motorola more -- my previous phone Motorola 120E (a 3 year old phone) used to have better signal strength than this one!Stay away from this one -- either get the Motorola E815 or the Motoroal RAZR V3C. You have been warned.

I don't have this phone; I don't yet have Verizon, but the last Amazon sponsored Verizon Phone offer I tried, it took over a month of continuous shipment delays, and after pushing for a firmer answer, I was told that it would NEVER be shipped - yet Amazon had accepted the offer over a month ago, and continued to update shipment dates pushing them further and further out. There was no money exchanged and no loss of funds, except very frustrating to be lead along for a month - and then only by escalating my calls was I told that it would never be shipped.  Yet, Verizon could ship it to me that day.

I have had the LG8100 Phone for almost 2 years now and its been the best phone so far, the only problem i had was the battary but thats normal it happens with all phones as they get old. I bought a new battary for my phone its works great.

I just got this phone yesterday, and I'm loving it so much. I'm less than impressed with Verizon's new standard-for-all-phones menu, but the advantage to that is that it is, in fact, mind numbingly easy to use.The camera takes better pictures than some real digital cameras I've seen, even at a low resolution (I'm only using it for picture caller IDs on a few people, and posting up-to-the-minute pictures of my cats on my blog, so I don't need the full 1.3 megapixels it comes with), and its easy and FAST to send pictures or video to friends.Honestly, I've barely looked at the manual for anything, and in 24 hours, I already know how to use this phone.The one thing I'm really not impressed with is the (lack of) mp3 player, and the associated issues with ringtones. The main reason I had wanted this phone was so I could use the memory card to put my own ringtones on the phone, since I have slightly obscure musical tastes that are generally not covered within Verizon's Get-It-Now service (which has, however, been expanded nicely since my last phone). Everyone I asked at any Verizon kiosk insisted that I would be able to do this easily.When I read the manual, I found out that the only way I can do this is by using .wma files that were processed through Windows Media Player 10. Luckily, I'm not a Mac user (nobody from Verizon ever mentioned or asked about this), because then I would be screwed. However, while I am a Windows user, I've been avoiding upgrading to Media Player 10 because it has downright invasive DRM moniotring/managing abilities (Google for "Digital Rights Management" if you don't know what I'm talking about.) As soon as I can afford my miniSD card to put the files on, I plan on testing this out. Hopefully, there's some way around it. If not, I suppose I'll have to go without my GWAR ringtone.

I received my phone 4 days ago, since amazon didnt activated my phone i could not use it!!! (hassle)phone is not big as it was pictured. speaker phone, bluetooth and big screen is thumb up! movie playback feature is also cool. battery time seems to be kinda short. it last about day or two with EV on. I heard changing to 1x will increase the battery life.(EV is for higher data transfer). I changed to 1x and phone seems to getting better reception and battery life.I heard new firmware(v04) came out which will let you play MP3 files on the outer screen.I dont think this phone is big and bulky. Phone just fits my hand! It's quality and look is much nicer than the picture on the amazon.com.pros: spkrphone, bluetooth, big screen, stereo speaker, mini sd, high quality sound.cons: batterylife, version1 can't play mp3s., interface seems to be complicated(menu is not organized), slow response for camera, bad quality for 1.3mp camera

You can read reviews regarding the other aspects of this phone all over the place. It's not a bad phone in general.However, if you are using this in the hopes of being able to say "Call John Cell" and your phone actually does that, then do not expect anything close to a pleasant experience.And this may not be the phones fault; however, the phone only works on Verizon Wireless (as I understand it (could be wrong))and it would then be Verizon's totally HORRIBLE voice command/dialing that is soooo bad.Here's how it works if (and that's a BIG "IF") it works properly:1st, press a button to bring up your voice command prompts.The phone says "Please say a command".You say "Call Someone".The phone says "Please say a name".You say "John".The phone says "Did you say John?"You say "Yes".The phone says "Call home?"You say "No".The phone says "Call work?"You say "No".The phone says "Call mobile?"You say "Yes".The phone says "Calling."This takes about 30 seconds if you are VERY lucky.---Here's how it always goes for me:1st, press a button to bring up your voice command prompts.The phone says "Please say a command".You say "Call Someone"The phone says "Please say a name"You say "John"The phone says "Did you say (enter some incomprehensible computer-voice mush that Verizon thinks the name you said sounds like, something like "mlmmaam?")At this point you usually try and decipher the name that has just been repeated to you and then the phone goes "Bloooop" and waits a few seconds and asks you again if you want to speak to "mlmmmmam"?If you say no it will continue to cycle through various  indecipherable names that it thinks you might have said. Often this list doesn't even include the actual person you were trying to call in the first place. If you finally do get to the right name, and can understand the computer-mushmouth, here is how it goes:You say "Yes"The phone says nothing for 10 seconds and then goes "Blooooooooooooooooop" really loud in your ear, then waits a little longer and repeats "Did you say 'mlllmmm?"This can be repeated indefinitely while you try several variations of the word "Yes". I find a long southern drawl occasionally gets a positive response.The phone says "Call home?"You say "No" (it doesn't have a problem with no at least)The phone says "Call work?"You say "No"The phone says "Call mobile?"You say "Yes"The phone waits ten seconds and goes "Bloooooooooooooooooooooooop" and then "Please say a command".ARGGGH

It might seem like it is expensive, but it is cheap after all the rebates and is worth it ive dropped it but it doesn't show. If you think that it has bad sound it is loud and louder on speaker phone.It has good camera and flash i use as flashlight. The video is perfect with perfect time and the color is great. The phone even has quick use of mp3 you can go anywhere and never be bored with this phone. It has no problems with me and Ive had it for a while now. The first thing you know you have to do is contacts and not only can you do speed dile you can put picture i.d which is helpful to quickly see the person and know who it is so i give it a five star.

I have had nothing but problems from this piece of crap.  Whenever the signal bounces, the voice gets choppy on the other line.  My co-worker who have a motorola phone with verizon as well, have full signal.  This phone, the signal bounces between 1 and 3 bars!  My wife have a cheap phone and it works better than this!Picture quality is good but if you are buying it for this... Go get a digital camera.  It's cheaper!

I had this phone last year and sold it withing a week. The battery doesn't even last a day on a full charge and I didn't use it once. When i did use it, I had to throw it on the charger right away. Talking on it, your cheeks start to burn because the phone gets sooo hot! i finally just gave up and sold it on ebay.

Ok I have had about five LG phones and no problems with any. I know  Motorola is the Big Dog and all the sheep flock to it but the LG VX8100 is perfect. First off you dont need a mp3 player since this phone has that covered. You can go into the secret menu and enable mp3 without going to verizon. Save your money and dont buy the vcast essintials cd unless you plan on buying music from them. They say you have to use Windows Media Player and thats fine but you can stay with iTunes player as long as you rip your cds into mp3 format. I have the one gig card and can hold about twenty cds at 192kb. I take the card and place it into my computers sd reader and right click and send songs to the sd that way and you dont need usb for that and also can move pics from the card or video to my computer by clicking on my computer and the icon for the sd card. They make a 2 gig but 1 is plenty for me. You can set it up so when you press and hold play on outside of phone it brings up the mp3 player. The earbuds arent the best but I can hear the music while mowing the yard. Also takes good pictures but you sometimes have to add to brightness. You have tip calculater and calander and all that stuff. I like the bluetooth since I can push one button on my ear piece and check messages and call people without opening the phone. Also you dont have to record peoples names since the phone goes by the directory. You push the button and the womans voice says "please say a comand" and you say call someone " please say a name " pizza hut "did you say pizza hut" yes "calling" and thats it. Mp3 player is grate and the 15 second videos are ok also but if you buy for camera only then buy a camera or video cam but if you want to take pictures, video, mp3 player and bluetooth then this is your phone. A bit heave and little thicker but have to make room for sd card I guess. Limited and sucky Wallpaper and Sounds and Ringers. Come on LG you can do better although the phone rocks so kudos and you are forgiven. Also Verizon Wireless is great. I was with them for seven years and whent to Suncom with two year contract and with 16 months to go ended the contract with penalty but hey if your mom or dad call and you can here them then that dont cut it. Back with Verizon to stay although they need to work on customer appreciation but hey when your the best I guess thats how it is although they tried to work with me to keep me but Sunom alot cheaper, guess thays why there cheaper and Im back with Verizon.Hope my review helped and maybe you will like it to.

Like the previous reviewer, I also upgraded to this phone from an older LG model.  I've been impressed with my old LG phone ever since I got it 2 years ago, and I knew I wanted another LG when it came time to upgrade.  I couldn't beat the deal on this one - free is always good!I also got an accessory kit for this phone and I have to admit the hands-free/speakerphone option is great.  And THANK YOU THANK YOU to the previous reviewer who mentioned holding down the CLEAR button to activate the speakerphone!Another reason I chose this phone over another LG speaker/camera phone model was the MP3 player.  I don't own a separate MP3 player but I recently decided it was time to join the 21st century and get one for the treadmill and on the local jogging path.  And it works out nicely, since I always take my phone with me when I run anyway.  I haven't had a chance to test it out since I don't have a mini SD card yet, but the demo in the Verizon store was pretty impressive.Even though I've only had this phone a few days, I have no complaints and would recommend it.

First off, I must agree with all the people who complained about the volume on the phone! The earpiece volume is NOT AT ALL loud enough, so it's frustrating when you're in your car or in a restaurant and cannot hear the person on the other end.Second, this phone looks like a "wannabe" stereo or something. It's heavy at the hinges and the speakers make the phone look soo unprofessional.Third, God help you if you get stranded in the middle of nowhere because the reception on this phone is horrible, even in metropolitan areas!! I live in Tampa, FL in a pretty busy area and the most signal strength I ever get is 0-2 bars.Last but not least, it's a shame how much the salespeople at Verizon push this phone so much...it's really not worth the headache just because it has an MP3 player, camera, and so on. Perhaps they should try coming out with an actual phone rather than a toy. Buyer beware!!

At first, I was pretty upset with my choice. I made a call and I could hardly hear anything it was echoing so bad. But then I realized that it was because my representive at the Verizon store didn't program my phone. So make sure your phone has had it's initial programming. *228My favorite feature of this phone is the snooze button! I was so excited to see that I could give myself 5 extra minutes to get up. Here are the other good aspects:--quality of the true tones ringtones--loudness of phone (the ringer is loud, the vibration is strong enough and I have no trouble hearing people on the other side)--good reception--voice recognition (there is no training required for the basic menu, I haven't tried the other ones yet)--large viewing screen--camera quality is actually pretty good (much better than my Samsung)--battery life is great!!The biggest thing I dislike about this phone is how long it takes to take a picture. You hit the button. Wait (and continue to hold it still for a 2 or 3 more seconds) and then it takes the picture. This is almost worth it because the picture quality is good.--The other thing I don't like is the size. I'm used to much smaller phones, but I am getting used to it.--I also hate that the outside screen turns completely off. It comes back on with the push of a button but still...I rather charge my phone more to get it to stay on and there isn't an option for that.--There also isn't a voice recorder option (like there is on my Samsung), but I also don't need it. I have a mini-digital-recorder.The Bluetooth on this phone works great. But Verizon does disable a few features. It is irritating, but I can live without them, and it's not the phone's fault.This phone is really easy to use, almost too easy to use.I gave this phone a five because it gets good reception, makes and receives calls and text messages (although I still haven't figured out the EMS feature), and I can hear people and they can hear me. All the other features are nice to have, but it needs to be a useful phone first and it is.

UI look and feel is very good. Looks like the same effort was no put in building a stable video streaming client.I've been using verizon's VCAST service on this phone for the past 3 weeks. On some clips, Audio and video go out of sync few seconds after starting the playback. And it is really annoying to watch video clips without Sync.On many video clips, REWIND operation crashes the phone and results in auto-reboot. Sometimes I had to do manual reboot.Doesnt look like a stable video streaming productCamera picture quality is not so good.

First off, the phone looks and feels great.  I love how you can read your text messages without ever opening the phone.  The MP3 player is awesome once you get the version 4 firmware update.  To avoid paying for the expensive ringtones, you can buy a $7 USB cable off ebay and transfer MP3s from your PC.  Ringer volume is nice and loud and MP3s sound great coming out of these speakers.  The screens look great, nice colors and clarity.  You can set the phone up to ring and vibrate and the same time which I love b/c sometimes when I have the phone in my pocket in a loud environment, I can't hear it.  The video recorder is a fun feature though the quality is what you would expect on a cell phone.Some negatives...the speakerphone is nice and loud, but everyone says I sound distorted and they have trouble understanding me.  Also, the earpiece volume doesn't get loud enough.  I have a hard time hearing people in louder enviornments.  The camera does not perfrom well in low light or at nighttime.  The battery life is not the greatest, but I always put mine on the home charger when I go to bed at night anyway, so I'm not sure how long it would really last.So in conclusion...PROS- looks and feels great- miniSD card slot- great MP3 player- excellent speakers, nice and loud- strong vibrate feature- beautiful screen displays- Bluetooth enabled- read text messages without opening phone- good signalCONS- speakerphone sucks for other person- camera is subpar- earpiece volume not loud enoughFor the record, I am very happy with this phone and highly recommend it to others.

There are only two draw backs that I have found.1.  The minimum volume on the MP3 playback is too loud.2.  I cannot play all of my MP3's that I have recorded on my  1gb mini-sd card.  The scrolling says that they are in the correct format, but they won't play.Overall, I think this phone is a good value and I am having a good time with it.  It is user friendly and I haven't had to get out the instruction book.

I'm perhaps the only person in America to move BACK from a Blackberry to a regular phone, purely of my own volition.  I was sick of being tethered to my e-mail all of the time and decided to become a normal, picture-taking, phone-flipping, ringtone-changing American.So far, I've been impressed.  Pictures are easy to take and good for a cell phone.  Same with videos.  Messaging is easy, which can include pics and videos if I want.  I bought a $5 cable and now I can export songs, contacts, etc directly from my computer using a USB cable.One thing I liked about my Blackberry and didn't want to give up was that I could send little reminder e-mails to myself.  On this phone, in two clicks I can be recording a voice memo that's at least as effective.The phone plays MP3s, and while I think that's been disabled by Verizon somehow in anticipation of their own service being rolled out, I'm confident I'll be able to get some MP3s on there soon.What else?  Verizon reception in Chicago seems just OK to me on this phone, which is why I subtracted a star.  Battery life seems to be at least what they claim.  VCast at $15/mo is expensive and probably not worth it in the long run, but it's a neat toy and I'm enjoying it (8 minute Jon Stewart interviews!).  Wireless web is actually quicker and more practical than it was on my Blackberry.I did a lot of research before getting this phone, and I have no regrets about the purchase.  If I was forced to buy another non-qwerty phone today, I'd buy this one again without hesitation.
