
Well first off, this was my first LG phone. After ignoring my Uncle's warning about LG phones I purchased this one nearly a year ago. Since then, I have gone through 3 of them. Yes, 3. Thankfully Verizon replaced them free of charge, but it was a huge hassle on my part going to the store and then having to explain that I am not an incompitant fool, but an avid talker who seems to have picked the wrong phone. The first phone was the one that lasted the longest, but then after awile the small metal piece that held in the charger fell out and thus the phone charger wouldnt stay in without tape. The second phone started to power off randomly expecially in the middle of calls (note that I didnt actually break these phones through physical abuse) The last phone broke not because of my fault, but due to the fact that my friend fell on it. My friend is 120 lbs. not the biggest guy ever, but somehow he managed to completely crush the outer screen and the display is now a broken glass rectangle with blue liquid. I wouldnt suggest purchasing this phone if you have problems with competant friends or if you want a phone that lasts a long time. On the other hand, it does have a really good speakerphone so thats why I didnt give it a one star. And you can record your own ringtones. I hope this review was helpful. :D

The LG VX6100 contains some nice features, plus great possibilities for the phone hack adventurer. Those who complained about the side buttons are right, in my opinion-- they're irritating-- but a minor irritation, and not the only phone I've seen with this design flaw.  There's tons on the positive side: decent phone camera, loud speaker, and good voice recognition. For the phone hacks, you can get a seperately sold USB data cable mentioned in other reviews and use the free third-party program BitPim to download pictures, upload mp3 ringtones (keep them to a few seconds each), upload wallpaper, and your Contacts from Outlook and other programs.  The BitPim folks are still working on importing Outlook Calendar (someday...). Verizon also sells a mobile office kit that can turn your phone into a wireless modem for your laptop through their 3G CDMA network. Of what I understand regarding the mysteries of CDMA, TDMA, GSM, etc. CDMA is the best option, especially for fast data speeds.

I switched to Verizon from Sprint for many reasons.  Most of all everyone I know was in the "IN" network.  I was very disapointed with the selection of phones to choose from back in 2/05.  I started out with a cute little Samsung picture phone but it flip broke and they moved me into "this piece".  I absolutely hate the driving mode option!  This stupid button is ALWAYS triggering into driving mode.  VERY ANNOYING!  Also the camera is not very good as far as color and clarity.  And to top things off the phone is just plain ugly.  I hope that Verizon is stepping up the variety and quality of there phone selection, because I felt like I was taking a step backward leaving Sprint.

LG VX6100 CELL PHONE VERIZON this phone was broken did not work right, ,sitting in my drunk drawel now  upsetting..

This phone had so much promise.. I didnt need to upgrade my old trusty Samsung, but the speakerphone and driving mode were too tempting to pass up.. I wish I had.First, the phone is counterintuitive.. lots of the functionality is implemented in ways that make no sense..  hold the asterix to turn on or off the "'silent mode"? What about turning on and off the driving mode? Just horribly thought outMost annoying is the TONS  of dropped calls and way too many areas where I just can't get ay reception - areas where reception and dropped calls were no problem with my old Samsung A310Bottom line..the phone is a loser

Okay, the service I get from Verizon is better than any other I've had.  But when I switched, I got this phone - and I sincerely regret it.  Should've got something else.Hang it on your belt or pocket on the clip, and it WILL flop open.  Count on it.  I'm just waiting for the day I snag it on something and end up paying a few hundred bucks to replace it.Less of a threat but equally annoying, the side buttons cannot be deactivated.  And they're sensitive, which means you'll be triggering 'features' - and I use this term advisedly - all day long.  Nuthing you can do.The instructional DVD is useless, the product manual is useless, and the online support on the Verizon website is more useless than all.The headset and internal circuitry are such that you must wait until the person you're talking with stops talking before they can hear you.Upsides?  Battery life is reasonable and the voice quality is pretty good.  But considering most cell phones can deliver that, this thing is easily the worst cell phone I ever had.  Another 18 months and maybe I can upgrade... if it lasts that long..

is it just me or what? im satisfied with the phone itself, but i always seem to charge this phone every single day. so my only complaint is the battery life.

I personally think this is the best Verizon phone for the money. Speaker works great as well as the camera. Display is clear and color. Only thing I really dislike is the fact that you can not be on speakerphone and have the flip in the closed position. I also have no clue how to confrence a call waiting!! but i am surits possible!!

This phone is absolutely terrible. My first 6100 kept dropping calls and hanging up on itself after about 7 months of use. So, I went to Verizon a couple weeks ago and exchanged it for a new one. This one, after a week, started dropping calls. It wouldn't dial out,  plus this morning it says "searching for service". I brought it to Verizon and it basically is broken and I need to get a new phone. Needless to say, I won't be getting this one again. Also, the camera button on the side is a pain because it will take pictures of your pocket. I have to constantly delete pics.

I've had nokia, motorola and samsung phones (7-8 diff models) before I got this one and this is one of the better ones. (Samsung phones are just plain horrible).  I've had it for almost a year and the sound quality has not diminished. You can get a lot of ring tones (for extra $) and they sound really nice.  The speaker phone is a plus since I hate those ear bud things when I'm driving. The pictures come out nicely but there is a button on the side that activates the camera so I end up with pictures of my pocket quite often.  "Driving Mode" is the worst - it too gets activated by a button on the side and if you have anything in your pocket besides the phone you end up in this mode and it is just plain offensive.  If I could give 1/2 stars this would get a 3 1/2

I've had this phone for four months and I love it.  I've never had a problem with it, even after dropping it several times.  I have a friend who has had it a few more months than I have and hers looks like it's been in a war, but it still works fine.I love the huge color screen inside as well as the large time display on the outside cover (easy to glance at and see from far away) and the ringtone sound is great.  The menus are organized well and the speakerphone is loud and clear.  I've never had anyone ask me "do you have me on speakerphone?" as they did with my old phone.  The camera is awful like any other phone but it's fun to have with you at all times.It's just a great phone for everyone.

I've owned many cell phones over the years and this one sure fooled me at first, it feels high quality, looks high quality, and performs most things well, except for the most important and basic thing making and receiving calls. In areas that are 4 and 5 bars and I'm stationary in my home and it will suddenly drop the call or break-up. I compare my old phone and both my wife and son's phones while we're stationary and at home and their phones would show no lower that 4 bars and then suddenly my phone would drop to 1 bar for a few seconds then back to 4 to 5 bars.In addition to the reception problem is battery life is very unpredictable something I've never experienced before. I can leave home in the morning and I show a full charge and then out of the blue I here the phone warning me the battery is about dead. This is my second LG VX6100 and the problems are identical on both PLUS the first one had a row of pixels die on the external display. There are some features that work very well, such as the speakerphone, driving mode, camera features are easy to use and again it has a VERY high quality fit and finish as well as feel. The keyboard is well laid out and well lit with all keys in blue and the send button in green and end key in red making it much easier to use at a glance. And the keys have a good tactile feel and touch so you don't have to actually have to look at them you can use them by feel. The ergonomics of the side keys that control ringer/earpiece volume and voice command on one side and the camera button on the other make it impossible to pick up the phone without hitting one of those 3 side keys. I've never experienced that problem with any other phone. The problem is the keys aren't recessed at all like other phones I've owned.

This phone has great sound quality and good features.  The side buttons drive me crazy.  Another reviewer said that the battery life is excellent, but I find that my battery is nearly dead after talking for about 30 minutes.  Without use, my phone will hold a charge for about four days.  I've only had the phone for three months.  Be sure to keep your manual as long as you have the phone.  My niece set my phone to "manner mode" without realizing it and I had to read the manual to deactivate it, since there is no such setting on the phone.  Also, if the phone locks, you will need to read the manual to unlock it.  The code should be the last four digits of your phone number, but who would know that without reading the manual?  Also, locking the phone does not keep the side buttons from constantly beeping.  I think this phone is better suited for a man, since men tend to wear phones on their belts.  Tossing it in a purse (even in a case) probably affects the battery life, because of those stupid side buttons that constantly beep and change phone settings.  The "driving mode" is a lovely feature when needed, but a pain when it activates itself because of those sensitive side buttons.  This phone is also hard to hold on your shoulder.  If you're trying to type or do something else, forget about it unless you have a head set.After re-reading this, my review sounds negative, but I would like to say that this phone has provided consistently good service and sound quality, which are the most important features to me.

I've owned three Nokia's, this is my first "other" brand and also my first flip phone.  My husband and I had separate Verizon plans, and at the end of our contract, we wanted to upgrade to camera phones with the $5 unlimited pix and text messaging.  Because of that, only ONE of us could get the $100 credit towards a new phone (since we combined plans) which is bogus.  There was a long line at the Verizon store so we went next door to Radio Shack.We saw the VX6100 there, the Verizon store didn't carry them anymore.  A salesperson talked us into buying them, we had to pay $59.99 each (no rebate or anything).  Yeah, the camera is a novelty, but the pictures aren't that great, especially indoors at night, even with the flash.  But then, I've never had a camera phone so have nothing to compare them to.When you flip it open, the lettering on the inside display is black with a white halo around each letter which makes it difficult (for me) to read.  I tried the different wallpapers and it didn't matter which one I used.  The icons on the display to check signal strength and battery life are teeny tiny, I'm used to the Nokia bars that went up either side of the display, to me that was easier to see at a glance.  Now, I'm always squinting at the little icons.The buttons on the side are a pain, I couldn't figure out why the phone kept asking me to say a command every time I opened it, till I learned I somehow keep kicking it into driving mode.  Another pain is there doesn't seem to be a way to raise or lower the ringer volume without it blaring out the current ringtone in the process.The Nokia had different "profiles" you could set, I had one set up with the ringer on full blast so I could hear it when it was buried in my purse.  When I'd take it out and set it on my desk, a simple change of profiles to "normal" mode made sure the entire building didn't hear it when somebody called me.  I can't seem to find anything comparable in the VX6100.  I have to manually go into settings, ringer volume, and kick it back down, with it blasting out my ringtone in the process.  I hate that, the entire office can hear me adjust it.  Sometimes I'd forget to lower it and almost jump out of my chair when it rings.  The Nokia would display the profile name right on the screen so I knew at a glance which level the volume was set at.The little rubber thing that you have to take out to charge it, well, with a clamshell case on, you can't get that off and on without pulling half the phone out of the case.I do like the Tword feature of the text messaging, but I've never done that before either, and perhaps other phones have that feature also.  I don't use the voice commands so all that is wasted on me.The Nokias had ringer options like, "ring once" but this one doesn't seem to, and when I try and scroll through the ringer menu, it blares out each tune as I scroll through, and I didn't get through them all cause I'm in the office so I shut it down quickly.The tip calculator looks like it could come in handy though. I don't use any of the voice commands or speakerphone or memos or games.  I hate to keep comparing it to Nokia, but they had a website (Nokiahowto.com) where you could look up your phone and it told you how to do anything you wanted to know.Bottom line, we don't really care for these phones, but we're stuck with them for two years.  Hopefully Verizon will have a Nokia model with a camera by then.

I don't like paying a lot for a cell phone. I actually made $50 because of all the rebates on this phone....I get great reception, great clarity (I could make phone calls in the mountains of South Dakota when no one else I was traveling with could get through). It's a tough little phone too. I was holding it in my hand when I fell face forward on a sidewalk in Portland. It saved me from really scraping up my hand too. The battery case still shows the scratches but the phone itself is fine.It has great battery life, fun features (not too many features for this 31-year-old to figure out).I do wish it didn't have buttons on the sides of the phone - it probably makes them more convenient but they often get bumped when inside my purse which probably keeps the battery from lasting even longer.

Yeah, I mean it. This phone is the worst in reception and battery life, two most important areas one would look for in a good phone.I have been using this for a while now (more than a year) and I have at least one dropped call in a day. I make hardly 10 to 15 calls a day and one out of 10 is not 3%, you moron (I am addressing the customer service rep here who told me 3 to 5% of dropped calls is quite normal).The best place for this phone is the gutters, not your pocket.

A moonless night had fallen when I learned the true value of the LGVX6100. I'd spent a day climbing high above timberline and making calls. I hardly noticed the sun going down, thanks to the excellent reception and easy flip styling of this unit. But it had. The sun had gone down and I was three miles from my car with no sleeping bag nor tent and dwindling provisions. The trail was rocky and steep. I would need to drop 2500 feet in altitude before I could turn on the ignition and select a CD for the ride home.It was dark and getting darker. My attempts to step down the trail guided only by touch were unsuccessful. I tripped. I collided with a tree. I strayed into a patch of raspberry bushes. Cold panic was beginning to insinuate itself. I sat down to formulate a plan."What would Jim Bridger do?" I asked myself. Drawing a blank on that, I changed my search criteria. What would Kit Carson do? That was easy. He'd call the forest service, explain his situation, and then wait while the forest service rang up Fort Carson to have them send a rescue helicopter. Sure, they're $20,000 an hour, but what is a life worth? Besides, they used Kit's name for their fort, the least they could do was to send a chopper to save him from almost certain death.So I flipped open the VX6100 to make the call. I was mentally listing the items I would have to tell them to stock the helicopter with (insect repellent, Gatorade, Band-aids, flashlights, energy bars) when a wonderful thing happened. As soon as I flipped it open, the VX6100 cast a powerful glow of light over the 50-60 square feet directly in front of me. Thanks to the backlit screen and illuminated keypad, I could see! I sprang to my feet and began walking. After a few seconds it dimmed automatically to save the battery. That was easily fixed by pressing the PWR-END key, which restored the original radiance. Over the rest of that harrowing evening I was to repeat that simple formula over 300 times.Elated, I began my trek down the mountainside. Moments later, however, I had the sobering thought that, being used so rigorously, the battery might run dead, which would leave me again in the dark. So as a precautionary measure, I switched it back to digital, and resolved not to answer any calls nor even check voice mail until I was safely down to the trailhead.Two hours later I was down. The LGVX6100 had saved my life. Sure, it's got great features: the Caller ID, the Call Waiting, the bilingual capabilities, Voice Commands, the camera(its flash comes in handy if you have to cross a creek in the dark), the plethora of ring styles...the list goes on. But for me one feature towers above the rest: the backlit screen which can be used as a flashlight in emergencies! This phone turned what could have been a tragedy along the lines of "Into Thin Air" or "Shackleton's Voyage" into a mere close call. And when it was all over, there were still two bars showing on the battery icon. Thank you, LG Electronics. For other people LGVX6100 may be just another inscrutable hypertechnical moniker; for me it spells Trailblazer.

After having a Motorola V60i, I was concerned about changing, but have no remorse at all. The VX6100 is quite an impressive package. All the features operate perfectly, the audio is very good, and the speaker surprisingly clear for it's size. Volume is very loud, if needed. I was concerned about not having a metal case like the V60i, but this one seems quite durable. The antenna does not extend, but I don't seem to notice much difference in signal except, maybe, in very fringe areas. It's not likely to break off if abused since it is quite heavy duty. The camera is a treat. Get one and enjoy!

This phone has been wonderful. It takes so so pictures, but I figure none of the phones out there are going to take professional photos. The contact list is easy to use and enter. The menus are state of the art. I use the "Tools" menu daily. I used to have a Audiovox phone that lit up when it was on vibrate in addition to vibrating...that way you could see the phone ringing if you were not right by the phone. That is the only improvement that I would add to this phone. Overall--I would recommend it.

DO NOT BUY THIS LG PHONE. The reception is acceptable. I am an experienced cell phone user. I found the documentation (manual, cd rom, and online) was the worst I had ever seen for any product whatsoever - really! The phone is entirely illogical in the organization of command menus. If you want to try something new, or do something you haven't in a while, pack a lunch. Just awful.

Initially I had some issues with the phone but contacted company and they fixed immediately. Can't complain about good service. The only thing I don't like about this phone is it takes forever to charge!

I just got this phone the other day with my every two years and it's free deal. The salesman in the Verizon store told me that this was the best phone out there today from Verizon.  They are selling so many and have hardly any returns. In fact they were sold out and I had to have mine shipped to me. He demonstrated many of the options and I have to admit I was impressed. Especially with the Speaker option, what clairity it has, To me this is a very useful option to have. The phone itself is very clear, people I'm talking to can't tell that I'm on a cell phone. It's not the smallest of phones but it does feel nice in your hands. The belt clip it comes with if you choose to use it is very sturdy and holds the phone nicely. The camera is a plus, not 1 meg, but does have a 4X digital zoom w/ flash. The speed dial option works great for frequently dialed #'s. The shortcut buttons on the side are useful to quickly switch to vibrate mode and to make a quick voice memo. I am just surprised that Verizon did not include any of it's standard games on this phone. The ring tones are nothing special but like the other reviewer I use the standard ringer.  Overall I am very satisfied with the VX6100 and I would seriously consider getting this phone if you are undecided, Good Luck.

All right, so this phone has all the jazz, camera, speakerphone and all. But it does not do the basics right.1. the call quality is bad. period. people cannot hear me, I cannot hear people. What else is a phone good for?2. Its got a camera, and plenty of voice dialing features which I never used. What a waste of space. For example, if you want to turn the volume of the ringer high, the display shows you 5 staks of colored bars to show you the current volume level. Why in the world would you need that? A good display is one thing, a misused display is another. Poor engineering.3. standby time: 3.5 days5. talktime, I did not talk too much on it to discharge it, so I do not know.6. speakerphone is ok on the lowest volume. But as soon as you jack the volume up, the treble in the sound becomes unbearable.7. Signal reception is fine.I am returning this phone and getting a good old nokia.

I had this phone for a week. Features drew me in.  However, I just traded it in today for a VX 7000 and wow - I'm glad I did.  I didn't like the small buttons, lens cover would slide down while in a pocket, camera side button would press in  my pocket and I'd hear the phone taking pictures, garbly reception (I'm just outside NYC), quite a few dropped calls and the voice command was annoying (3 steps to make a call) and either I couldn't understand the repeat name to say yes or no to, or it couldn't find it.  I gave up.  The only thing I miss is the speaker phone.  The 7000 is the same weight but it is slightly longer.  I liked how it felt better in my hand and holding up to my ear.  Unless you really want the speakerphone, I'd get something else.

Just picked up 2 of these a few days ago, so far both working great.  Screens crystal clear and reception exceptional on both.  Speaker phone is great to have and camera works good (that's all i expect from a phone).  Will keep you posted if they develop any problems.

I live in the San Fernando Valley in Southern California.  Can't get a single bar with this phone most of the time.  Nothing but a picture of a phone with a slash across it.  I had awesome reception when I was with tmobile.  To make things worse, Verizon has the worst customer service out there.  I ported my old number from tmobile and they somehow think I am changing plans and try to charge me for it.  Also, when I signed up for auto billpay, I got a confirmation email saying they will bill my card on such and such date.  Then they forget to bill me and have the gall to charge me a late fee.  Bad phone, bad carrier.  Stay away...

This phone is just what it said it would be.  It came in a great amount of time.  It was missing the charger but they got right on that and shipped me one.  I have to say there customer service has to be the best I have ever dealt with.  If your going to buy a used cell phone I would say get it from them!!!!

Of the 6 different phones I have owned over the last 6 years, I must say that this phone is my favorite. The performance, styling and features are all excellent. If you're like me, you want to know what is WRONG with this phone, and here are my top five grievances:1. The plastic cover on the external LCD screen broke two days in. I don't know how it happened, I must have hit something while it was on my belt (I sealed the cover with clear packing tape and the phone (and LCD screen) still work fine).2. I don't like the side buttons. They are exposed and easily pressed accidentally.3. The voice recognition feature for dialing works amazingly well...most of the time. However, there are some contacts in my list that are never recognized correctly (which leads to #4...)4. My previous phone had a one-touch voice recognition feature - press and talk and then it would dial the number. On the 6100 you have to activate the command feature, then activate the Contacts feature, then say the name, then confirm that the software chose the correct contact - in most cases it would be faster to just input the number using the keypad.5. The USB cable that is sold separately can be used to dial an ISP number for internet access, and it works great. However, unlike my previous phone, you CANNOT sync or backup your contact/calendar data with your computer. Ugh!!! I'm guessing there is (or will be) some third party software that is/will be available to do this - but this feature (backing up at least) should be standard. I'm so tired of typing in my contacts everytime I switch phones!OK, that's the ugly, now here's the good...1. I love the speakerphone function - hands free operation while in the car is supreme.2. The belt clip really works (a first for me). The phone is extremely lightweight and it has yet to pop off the holder.3. Battery life is the best of any phone I've had. The phone can go for 7 days of average use inbetween charges. Charging is also quick (a few hours).4. Reception (analog & digital) has been very good (even with 1 bar of service in the mountains). I haven't had any dropped calls over the last 3 months.5. I like the auto-open/ auto-delete feature for text messages. When you receive a text message, opening the phone displays the message - when you close the phone, the message is deleted (you can override this). This keeps my Inbox tidy.I would recommend this phone. It's solid basic performance and some very nice features outweigh the negative aspects. Bottom line..the phone performs better on it's primary function then any other phone I've owned...to communicate wirelessly with great reliability. Now if I could only back up my contact list....

I have owned the VX6100 for nearly a year and it has proven to be a good quality phone.PROS: It is a nice size, not too big not too small. It rests very comfortably on your ear and the keypad is large enough to dial numbers with ease. The screen resolution is excellent. The reception is great. The ringtones could be better but LG at least  provides a couple normal sounding ringers. The menus are intuitive and easy to navigate. The battery life is decent.CONS: The speakerphone only works when the phone is flipped open. The buttons on the side of the phone are easy to engage (phone has taken pictures while in my pocket). The camera is average quality but the flash is terrible (have to be less than five inches away for it to work).I would recommend this phone to others.

Overall this is a strong phone with many features you would find on any flip phone.  It comes stocked with a camera with a 60 pic capacity, downloadable games, text/pic messaging and others.  Negatives include the poor button design on the left side of the phone. This phone will transfer from "manner mode" (vibrate) to driving mode at inconvenient times in your pocket.  This can not only be annoying, but also can be somewhat embarrassing in quiet situations.  In addition, if the phone hasn't been turned off in a while and restarted, the text message feature will no longer work.  Don't ask my why it just happens.  It is an easy fix, turn off/turn back on, but is another annoying "feature" I didn't want to pay for.My rating: 7.5/10

A reasonably functional phone -- but definitely not a James Bond device -- got it directly from Verizon Wireless as part of a two-year two-phone sign-up plan.  The plan was for two vx5200s, but upgraded one to a vx6100 for a modest fee.  Would have upgraded both phones to vx6100 but the deal at the time only allowed one upgrade.  No problems with the phone -- feels fairly solid. Verizon coverage in our area is good.  Unfortunately, the only way to find out if a particular phone and a particular carrier will work well in a given area is to find someone with that particular combination in that area -- so it isn't suprising that some reviewers have more problems than others in a particular area and/or with a particular phone.  Can't emphasize it enough -- definitely ask friends/coworkers about their experiences with particular phones and carriers in your area before buying -- for example I had one friend who only got good reception around work and home with T-mobile.  Good luck -- finding the right phone and the right carrier can be challenging.

I recently purchased two of these phones, one for myself and the other for my girlfriend.  On the whole, I've been quite satisfied, though there are a few quirks and annoyances that you should be aware of.  I'll try to break this down in a somewhat organized way:Reception: Generally good but not as good as my old phone (Qualcomm QCP 3035 on Sprint).  It's hard to know if this is the phone or the Verizon network, but occasionally bits of the conversation drop out (I'm in the S.F. Bay area).  This occurs sporadically, but when it happens, these intermittent drops occur over the course of several minutes.  Like most modern phones (and unlike my previous phone) the antenna does not extend and this appears to limit the reception.Related to this is a well-known bug with this phone where the first second or two of calls have reduced volume.  This sounds worse than it actually is, since not much transpires in the first couple seconds of a typical phone call and the volume is not so low as to be inaudible, but it is mildly annoying.  Rumor is that this will be fixed in a future software update, but I know nothing official as of now.Battery life:  Good enough for me.  Basically consistent with the published specs and usually lasts me a couple days of moderate usage.Construction:  Quite good.  The phone is fairly small when folded but a little too thick for me to want to keep it in my front pocket.  I have it on the included belt clip and that suits me.  It appears quite sturdy and the hinge on the flip looks strong enough to withstand a lot of use.  A nice touch is the sliding lens cap for the camera though I find it occasionally slides open without my noticing.  Be advised that there are several external buttons on the side which control the camera, volume, and hands-free operation.  If you keep your phone in a crowded purse these may be accidentally pressed.  The buttons inside the phone are nice but a little too flat which makes it somewhat difficult to accurately press buttons by feel alone (if you're driving, for example).Hands free operation:  The phone has a loud speaker phone and also has a quite nice voice recognition system.  You can, for example, say the name of a contact and the phone, after prompting you to make sure it understood, will dial that name.  So far I've  had no problems with the system recognizing any of my voice commands after going through the short voice training.  It also has optional auto-answer and voice-prompted answer.  What I don't like about the hands free setup is that there's seemingly no way to hang up without opening the phone and pressing the END button.  Not very practical when driving and they really should have included an external button to do this.Other details:  The phone has lots of handy extras, too numerous to mention, but described in some of the specs.  In brief, the camera is nice and the flash is OK for close range.  There are no games included on the phone so you'll have to download these if you want them (which is not free as far as I know).  The built-in ringers are all MIDI not MP3, though I'm told you can download MP3 ringers if you have a cable to connect to your PC.One personal pet peeve of mine concerns the documentation which is not very helpful in some respects.  It itemizes every single feature of the phone but doesn't necessarily explain what the features do.  For example, it says that a certain button activates "driving mode" but offers no insight into what "driving mode" actually is (it turns out that this initiates a voice-activated prompt whenever the phone is opened).Despite my focus on the negatives, for the price this is a very high quality and well-performing phone.  I'm satisfied with mine and recommend it without reservation.

This phone has so many serious design flaws that I wonder if LG even took the time to adequately test the phone's functionality.The worst flaw, and the vast majority of people who own this phone will agree, is the fact that the exterior buttons are very, very easy to press. This creates several problems.If "driving mode" is accidentally activated (which happens all the time, unfortunately), your next call makes the phone say "CALL FROM..." and then say some unintelligible murmurs. And then when you open the phone to answer, speaker phone is activated, so your ear gets blown away. Very embarrassing in a public place.Phone users will also be familiar with the infamous "black pictures" which are due to the phone activating self-portrait mode while in your pocket and taking a boatload of pictures of blackness. These pictures are a nuisance and take forever to clear if you have a lot of them.Though rare, the exterior screen is also vulnerable to freak accidents. While I was walking up stairs, a penny in my pocket rotated and positioned itself in just the right way so that on the next step I took, the penny easily punctured the screen. I also know of a friend who accidentally bumped into a table corner, and the screen broke. These may seem irresponsible or careless, but the screen cover is made of cheap, thin plastic, making it very prone to such accidents where other phones would take them in stride.The camera is set in an inset, so dust and other particles accumulate inside and are difficult to clean off, resulting in shoddy photos. Also, there is no easy way to put the phone into total silence without opening it up and turning the volume down manually. This seems like a pretty basic feature that this phone just doesn't have.There are a few redeeming qualities. The screen inside is beautifully large and the user interface is intuitive. I've also had no problems with reception. But I'm convinced that there are phones that also live up to these basic expectations without the major flaws that make this phone sub-par.

I bought the Samsung A670 and used it for a week before trading it for the LG VX6100.  The only thing that I liked about the Samsung was that it was smaller and sleeker.  That wasn't enough for me to keep the phone.  I also had the Audiovox CDM-9900 which I used for a year, but it was too bulky and it didn't have a Ring + Vibrate at the same time option.What I liked about the LG VX6100:- LOUD default ringers- Strong Vibrate- Ring + Vibrate at the same time- Speakerphone- Caller ID Ringtones- Good size, fairly compact- EZ Tip Calculator- Outside LCD Screen very clear and monochrome (I don't need colors on external LCD, I only need to see the caller ID and check the time)- Solid feelWhat could be improved:- Battery Life (I recharge every 2 to 3 days with light use), but the battery is better than the 9900.- Quick Timer Alarm (can only set it for 10min, 30min, 1hr, or 3hr but it does have 3 Alarms that you can set for certain times on certain days of the week)- Ringers are quiet when the phone is flipped open, so when I have it in my car I have to make sure it flipped closed so I can hear it ring.- Stub antenna - I prefer the retractable one like on the 9900 or A670- Downloaded polyphonic ringtones aren't as loud as the first few default ringtonesOverall I really like this phone would recommended it. Out of the phones that Verizon carries right now, it suited me the best.VX8100 - Loud ringers and strong vibrate but too big and bulky.CDM 8490 - Good compact size, extremely weak ring volume.A670 - Sleek and small, weak ring volume and weak vibrate.

I've had my LG VX6100 phone for a little over a year now, and I think that overall, it's good as a basic cell phone. I have however had a few problems with it, which is why I am now looking for a new phone. My three main problems are as follows:1. It drops calls constantly, I drop on average about 10 calls per day.2. The side buttons are easily pressed. Therefore, driving mode is almost always activated when the phone is in my purse, and I have about 10-15 pictures stored at any given time of the inside of my pocket or purse.3. The phone turns itself off. This has only happened to me maybe 5 times over the last year, but it is really a pain when you're waiting on a call and you realize that the thing has managed to turn itself off without you doing anything.With all that said, I really do think the LG VX6100 phone is a decent one. The main reason I'm looking for a new phone is that I really just need one that holds calls better. Besides the few problems I've listed above, I really love everything else about the phone.

Well it had been over two years so it was finally time to trade in my old Motorola phone for a new one since Verizon gave me a $100 allowance towards a new phone.  I knew I didn't want to go much over my allowance to pay out of pocket so i went with this LG VX6100 which ended up costing me just $20.  It's been 3 weeks and I'm very happy with it so far.I get a much better signal with this one than with my old Motorola.  I no longer have to go outside certain stores to make a call because the signal was so weak.  It comes with a lot of features that my old phone didn't have such as an alarm, scheduler, calculator but the features are not overwhelming by any means.  The color on the screen is very nice and vibrant and the pictures off the camera phone are fairly good with a 640 x 480 resolution.  The camera feature allows you to control zoom and brightness and even has a self timer which is kind of neat.  The menus are easily navigated by the central controls.The phone comes with internet accessability as well as Verizon's Get it Now service where you can download various applications to get ringtones, voice tones, games, wallpaper, and more.  Very cool but beware that none of it is free and it can add up quickly.  The internet feature allows you to subscribe to various online content such as sports, news, entertainment etc...Thankfully the antenna is one that is non-retractable as I broke the one on my old phone several times.  I'd recommend getting a case for the phone so as not to scratch it.  The side buttons can be a bit annoying when you hit them by accident by I really haven't ran into that problem very much.All in all I am very satisfied with this phone and would recommend it to others.

Poor battery life after 6 months where it barely lasted a day. I had to buy larger battery pack. Camera function good but still flash weak in low light. Phone function decent.Forget about your rebate, you will never see it.

I just bought this phone a couple days ago, but so far it seems great.  The phone is easy to use and program...the scheduling feature is a nice touch.  The side buttons provide quick access to use both the camera and the phone itself.  The driving mode is  also a nice touch, although, people find it hard to hear me on the speaker phone.  I am enjoying the camera and its ease of use...just point, click and save.  Anyone could use it.  I would definately recommend this phone

I have three of these phones through my Verizon plan. All three the batery concked out at about 6 months into service. Now another six months later and 43 bucks a pop for batteries they are dying again!! What does Verizon & LG say but too bad! They say that it is from moisture damage. Common sense says three phones all used by differnt people NOT!! Also this phoen has an annoying habit of turning itself off! I would never buy this phonr or another LG after getting the shaft from them ,,,,,

I bought the LG VX6100 and IT WILL NOT WORK IN MY HOME. IT DOES NOT PICK UP ANY SIGNAL. If I step outside, it does. It has been tested where I bought it, and they say nothing is wrong with it. Buying this phone defeated the purpose of my purchase...to get free long distance. This phone is only good to me for emergency purposes. I suggest if your cell phone company offers a trial period, test your phone at home to see if it works!

I've had this phone for over a year now... and I average between 500-1000 minutes a month on it.The UI is awesome, the software for contacts and menu items is intuitive and easy to learn.The camera works well enough... frankly I could do without a camera on my phone.The battery drains after a full day usage though. It was fine for the first three months, after that... massive drain. Bad deal. I ended up having to by the extended battery which makes an already larger-than-most phone quite stout.Sound quality and call quality has been great. I make a lot of calls on the road and I have never had a problem.Speaker phone is fantastic. It's quick to turn on or off and has been used many many times for impromptu conference calls with my team.This phone has made me a very loyal LG fan. They are making some of the best phones right now. Far superior to Motorola in my opinion.

I've had my LG VX6100 for almost a year now, and i love it! I needn't go into detail, since others already have. Still, the phone is really user-friendly, and natural to use. I LOVE the speed dial, and the camera works great. The speaker gets a lot of use, as does the alarm clock. Plus, the battery lasts forever.Out of all my friends phones, i would prefer my LG. (Even the RAZR's. they look awesome, but i pull my hair out trying to write a TXT message or put my number in!)So... to sum it up: buy the VX6100 or another LG model, they really are the best phones out there.

I just bought this phone a week ago and i can say this phone is better the phone i got before.  It has good quality in it.

I used to use the LG VX4500 with verizon.  I upgraded to the LG VX 6100 phone via amazon.com and have stuck with verizon.First, I loved the features the 4500 had and the same is true with the 6100.  I figured it couldn't hurt to upgrade since the features would be the same and I would get the camera with the 6100.I've had the phone for about a week without any problems.  Today I have had at least 7 dropped calls!  It has been horrible.  I know it's not my verizon service as I've had them for years.  I know it's not my location because it's my house and I've lived here for 4 years.It's gotta be the phone!  Boooooooo!If it continues the phone will be unusable.  I am thankful that I held onto my VX4500 in case I need to go back to it.  Hopefully the dropped calls will not continue and were just a fluke.  But I never ran into these kinds of problems with my other phone with verizon.  Be forewarned!

After being a Verizon prepaid customer with a basic 5185 Nokia phone for almost four years, I decided it was time to upgrade after the phone started to malfunction. And I got this LG 6100 phone, but I was dissapointed to learn that, as prepaid, I couldn't not send or receive pics, I couldnt use the Internet browser and the Get It Now feature didn't work. Now, Get It now was supposed to work, even if it was prepaid, because the package said "prepay get it now camera phone". And since the cust reps were not able to solve the problem or give me a good answer, I just switched to the Cingular prepay service and got an LG C2000 phone. Although this phone doesnt look as fancy as the 6100 phone, it gives those features that Verizon didn't, I can send/receive pics, browse the net and download cool stuff like MP3 tones and games. So I would say that the 6100 phone wasn't really defective, but it's really Verizon that doesn't treat its prepay customers the same way as the other. Other than that, the 6100 was a good phone with quality calls, at least for the 7 days I had it before returning it.

This phone could not have been engineered with a user in mind. It has volume, camera and voice command buttons on both of the sides, right where one normally grips a phone. I've owned it for about 6 months and my patience has run out. When I pick it up, the volume of the ringer changes, or I accidently start taking pictures of the inside of the lens cap, or it goes into "driving  mode" incessantly instructing me to "please say a command". Avoid this model. Oh and one more annoying feature is I cannot customize my voice mail message.

I have had my LG phone for a little less than a year, and only have minimal problems with it.One problem that I have seen mentioned repeatedly is the battery life.  It pretty much sucks.  I have to plug it in every day or two to be keep it "alive".  But if I had not lost my phone charger I suppose this would present less of a problem.Another problem is perhaps not related to the phone, but to the service, but my phone will not send picture messages anymore, which is rather disappointing.The buttons on the outside are a bit obnoxious, but still helpful if you want to take pics using the little screen on the front, or if you want to turn the flash on while using the camera.I like the phone overall, it has a nice sized screen, with good color.  The camera works very well, and has a decent array of options.  I find that the new LG phones (newer than the VX6100) have different menus, which I find much more difficult to navigate, so I see having the older menu setup as being a bonus!

I bought this phone a month ago because I was tired of having bad service with Nextel. I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service. I went to the Circuit City store and asked the representative which phone he recommended. He showed me the LG VX6100. I thought it was going to be a good phone with all the features. I brought it home and it was great for about a 15 days. After that (which was obviously when the 15-day trial period ended), my phone started to stop working all the time, I had bad service, and then recently, my phone charger stopped working.I'm not 100% sure if it's the service or the actual phone, but I'm so frustrated with Verizon right now that I am almost willing to pay the $175 early termination and go back to Nextel.

Switched from Nokia (ATT); thought it would be hard to beat Nokia's ease of use; but this phone fits the bill.  Great features, ease of use, everything...especially speaker phone which lg vx7000 does not have.  Only minor downside; alarm works only if phone on; our Nokia phones always worked with them off.  Also, battery life seems short, but expected with all the features.  Bought 4 for the family with the great promotions from Verizon and we're all very happy...was very worried after having Nokia for over 15 years!You won't regret it; get it now w/all the great deals; the new 8000 model not coming out till Jan. and while it has speaker phone and video; the price and probably size will be much more heftier.

I bought this phone in large part based on the rating and recommendations it got here and I was not disappointed.  It has great reception, is easy to use and fairly small.  The camera is not good, but I didn't buy it for that anyway.  I guess it's there in a photo emergency.  Don't pay attention to the reviews of people who haven't actually BOUGHT the phone - what do they know?  The phone is great, if you are not sure which one to get - get this one!  PS I am not in England, I am in DC - I don't know how to change that in my review!

There are few things I expect from my phone - reasonable service coverage (ie can I make and receive calls), and it needs remain in "manner mode" until I change the setting myself.This phone has problems in both areas.  Ever since I upgraded in June of 2005, I have had more dropped calls and fewer received calls than the supposedly "inferior" older LG model I was using previously.  In addition, the "Driving Mode" button on the side finds a way to activate itself while in your pocket (or purse, or wherever) at the most inconvenient times (like when you're in class, in a business meeting, etc.).  So instead of quietly vibrating to notify you of an incoming call, it blurts out "CALL FROM ......"  (fill in the ..... with the name of the person who is calling you).Battery life leaves you wanting another half hour at least.Additionally, the camera is poor even for the display on the phone itself, and even at the highest quality setting.There must be a better phone out there.

A few months ago I traded in my old LG for the newer version Verizon offered.  I was really happy about it, but I always noticed there was something wrong with the service, it always took my phone way too long to connect a call.It got so bad that my phone was worthless, it wouldn't connect any type of phone calls, which meant that I had to use another phone to get my voice mail messages off let alone talk to people.Verizon ordered me a new phone and when it arrived it wouldn't stay charged.  Switched the batteries and it still wouldn't charge, so they switched me with another phone.I realize that I happened to get a couple lemons for phones but I am not impressed with the way they don't check their phones when leaving the company and there are features on my new phone which make me miss my old LG.I can't wait until I can upgrade my phone.

Less than two months after getting this phone with new service from Verizon, I had it in a leather case and went riding around with it. It started raining pretty hard. I had to ride home in the pouring rain. I get home, the phone is dry under my jacket and cover, but for some mysterious reason, data functions completely stop working. Completely. I try to connect to any service, and it says "Network authentication failed". I almost believe it has an internal moisture sensor that triggers some kind of malfunction after it passes a set point. Know why?After I started "hacking" it using BitPim and my $50 data cable to try restoring network access, I accidentally dropped it in a bucket of water below my desk. I yank it out, pull the battery out, and let it dry. After showing weird screens and malfunctioning for a few minutes (random keypresses, distorted screen, etc), it dried completely out and completely restored all functions -- except data!! Ironically, the exact same thing happened a few weeks later to the same result.To this day, over a year later, the phone still works for phone, text, camera, and modem connections to PC (only if I give the area code, though, otherwise the same effect as on-phone data occurs). Amazing. I'm happy with it, except for the previously mentioned problem about flip-open problems using the holder - it does flip open easily when using the holder. It's nothing more than a cosmetic detail, though. Unlike my previous phones I still like using this phone and I've been considering replacing it with a new model of the same type.Decent phone, but it seems rigged. That's about it.

This is a very popular phone. I ordered it and then Amazon raised the price $50. I know a few people who have the same phone. I would keep it and recommend it. I wanted a phone with speakerphone and vibrate, and is very small. I like the speakerphone because I can hear calls in a club or bar, and the vibrate lets me know it is ringing. The design and ergonomics feel like quality manufacturing. The side buttons should be harder to press, because I often hit them when holding the phone with gloves. Also, my phone took 20 pictures of black while in my purse, and it took me 5 minutes to delete them one by one. The software is easy to use, but simplistic and it should be a little quicker and easier to do some things. It takes quite a few button presses to do anything. For example, you can't enter your own delay before the backlite screen turns off, or key lights shut off. You must select from a pre-defined list. You can't enter a custom amount of time before a scheduled appointment will remind you. The voice commands are nice, but the voice recognition is not very good. I had an older LG phone my company let me borrow and it allowed you to record the name of the contact. When one dialed by voice, it matched and dialed completely accurately in one step. The VX6100 takes several steps, and must confirm your voice before it dials. It is nice that you can dial anyone in your contact list without programming their name - because the phone goes by the spelling - but it would be nicer if you could add a voice tag to people you voice dial most often or have non-English names so things would go quicker. I bought a smaller, feather light Seimens CF62T from Tmobile, but I could not get a signal in my apartment so I had to return it. I miss the smaller size and weight, but this phone is OK. The VX6100 has a design flaw in that the antennae is not flush with the back, so the phone does not lay flat on a table when using the speaker phone. I may be the only one, but this bothers me, especially when trying to press the buttons and have the phone rock back and forth. For those who complain about dropped calls and signal strength, one must remember that the call may be dropped by the person you are calling, especially if they are on a cell phone too. Even land lines drop calls. To precisely measure a phone's capacity to hold a signal would require specialized equipment and measurements - and even then it is an average. I do know I am able to make calls from the subway station with Verizon however.

great phone at an even better price.The first 2 they sent didn't work properly and was very easy to return with no additiona shipping cost.These folks are very obliging and courteous and very FAST!!I would not hesitate to shop with them again,should the occasion arise

Pros:-Voice Memo-Alarm alerts-Voice command-love it!!-camera phone--nice toy feature-Great Reception--I don't know if this is because of the phone or Verizon--I can even talk inside Target!!-Easy access to Vibrate modeCons:-I'm trying really hard to think of a bad feature....maybe it should be the size of my pen....Honestly, I tend to be critical of most products, but this one, I absolutely love...or maybe it's because I had a cellphone the size of a brick before this one that I appreciate this phone so much.

Ive had the Lg VX6100 for about 2months now and it hasnt been that great. I wanted to upgrade my phone to a camera phone but this camera is soooooo blurry you dont even now what you took a picture of. The flash leaves you blinded and dazedd. It doesnt work sometimes when sending texts. Can someone help me? I get a lot of dropped calls and when im on the phone its very kishkishy. Now the good stuff... You can put your phone on vibrate while it rings so when your at a party and dont hear your phone you totally feel it. Also there are a lot of ringtones to choose 4m. they are ok but you could record your own songs send it to yourself then you get a free ringtone TOTALLY legal. Also its a cute looking phone and the camera has a covering. you could have a ringtone for each person. so if you want a phone I think there may be better phones out there but if you want this one its OK. when on the phone its loud but takes awhile to reach someone.

This is probably the best phone that I have ever had, and I have had many. My favorite feature is the calendar function which allows one to append a voice memo to a particular date. This takes away any frustration in having to type things into the calendar. And you can add about 200 voice memos to the phone!The speaker-phone is wonderfull and can actually be to loud to the point of distortion but only at the highest setting.The phone accepts 30 second mp3 ringtones which I make with a free program that can be found online (google ringtone and vx6100). I also use the web browser to lookup movie times and phone numbers.The camera is also of high quality. Atleast when compared to the Motorola V710. I email them to myself through my text and pics and find the quality to be pretty good for online viewing and emailing.My only negative comment is not with the phone but with Verizon's coverage in my area. Although Verizon touts the widest coverage, I find myself constantly either droping calls or loosing signals (especially in stores).In all, I can't think of changing anything. I get about 2 days worth of moderate talk time and web browsing. I have the unlimted text and pics and mobile web, both which I like very much although it adds an extra $10 to my bill.

I like this phone. This is a good phone with good sound quality--the most important aspect of a phone, IMO, and not addressed by most rating systems. But it has a few fatal flaws.Although you can adjust many features such as how long the display lights up, you CANNOT set the camera to "off" even when you have the lens cover in place. I now have a gallery of 12 photos, 8 of which are "black square composition #1" because, as another person mentioned, almost anything can provide enough pressure to press the camera button on the side of the phone. This is a pain and burns energy and memory.It's also w-a-a-a-a-y too easy to change ringer "modes" (quiet/"good manners", voice-activated, normal). About every other time I take the closed phone out of my purse, I find it set to either be quiet or to start requesting loudly that I give it a voice command. This is likewise an unnecessary pain, burns battery, can be embarrassing, etc.I've looked through all the settings, and there's no easy way to avoid this short of turning off the phone or locking it (which means you'll have to unlock it every time you want to dial).There's just no reason for designing these features in ways that 1) no one expects them to act and2) cause problems and3) could easily be designed to give YOU control over your phone's behavior(Not sure if the LG 7000 or 8000 have the same issues.)If you can live with that, it's a nice little phone. But why deal with it?

Have had the 6100 for a couple days and love it! I had an Audiovox 8900 which I wasn't a huge fan of so I wanted to do a lot of research before committing to a new phone. I learned alot from online reviews and decided on the VX6100. I love the speakerphone and voice dialing - both features any professional who spends time in the car like I do would love! Having a camera phone isn't important to me but the camera seems good and the lense cover is a great idea. Voice dialing and auto answer are really cool and functional. I was considering a VX4500 since it had the same basic functions as this one but what sold me was the Analog roam on the 6100. Seems crazy to go to have a dual band phone when so many are tri-mode.

This is probably one of hte best phone from Verizon, smaller than VX7000 or VX8000, but still offer very cool screen. I can not believe how bright this screen is.Pros: What a bright screen, and unlike VX4600, VX6100's screen isn't black under polorized sun glasses. Speaker phone, it can be activated all the time, not like the V300 has to activate every time make a call.  Ring tone sound a lot better than VX4600. Covered camera lens is pretty good. Raised button, easy to press. Surfing mobile web is colorful and with picture too, VX4600 has only text.Cons: Voice command and name recognition is kinda dumb. The exterior isn't thrilling. My girl don't like the exterior. Feels little bit flimsy, but not as bad as Motorola V710. Solidness is not as good as VX4600, which is one of the most solid phone i have seen.This one is the one to go>>>>>>

Ive only had this phone a few days but I know what I like and I did alot of research before buying it. Ok my major gripe is I dont like that you dont have a cradle to charge this in and the place you plug it in at in the bottom of the phone you have to remove a rubber piece to plug it in. Also the flash is ok but not to great but hey its so small cant expect much. I like the drving mode but if you have a older noisy car then makes harder to know the voise of who your talking to but it works good if not alot of outside noise. Now on to the good stuff and one is the cool seethrough belt clip it comes with although I dont use it but its nice and I also thank it takes good pictures. Now when you get it you might see the 1x in the display instead of D for digital well thats ok because Ive did some searching and that means your getting the best connection wich means you can use all services of the phone being pix mess, instant mess and so on and the browser works better so 1x is what you want to see although Verizon is putting it out city by city. Before this I had a LG VX10 wich Ive dropped about 8 times and still worked after two years of use and battery was awsome but sofar I havent had any problems and the voice recognition has been perfect. I get great reception also. The ring tomes arent the best sellection but I use regular phone ring anyway and you get some pretty cool wallpaper also. It has tip calculator and world time wich you can add times and cities to. One of the big likes is Tri-mode and if youve ever been some where with one bar and its on analog you will be happy to see that one bar if your broke down. Some people knock analog but hey if you can get it then that increases your chances of reception. Sorry this is long but I want to do my best to help you make a decision. If youve had a LG phone before this will be simple since they all use somewhat the same buttons its just that easy to learn and the color at night, man its awsome. Call clarity has been great also. Now something I always do once a month on Verizon is *228 since this is how you update your roaming to make sure the phone is uptodate and you always select option 2 then then once its done press end and the phone will turn off and back on again. I really thank you will like this although I know the LG VX-7000 looks cool but trust me Tri-Mode might just keep you from being miles from the nearest phone, saved my but once.[...]

I've had the LG 6100 for over a year now and I'm going back to the Verizon store (again) to replace it. This is my 3rd LG in the past 3 yrs, all with Verizon, and while I love the provider, with great customer service, my LGs have been consistently sucky. This one has decided to power itself off whenever it likes, and for no apparent reason. I take good care of my phones so it hasn't been dropped or beaten up, but it will be on & working just fine one minute and off the next. This is particularly frustrating now that I have a child & rely on it now more than ever. It now powers itself off at least 10 times a day, and will do it either sitting completely still, when I open the phone or when I close the phone, sometimes when I go to send a text message or during a call. Very frustrating. It has always had another weird glitch, where after sending a pix message, I have to power cycle it before I can text message. It just simply won't send unless I turn it off & on again.Other than that, the features, screen, ring tones, coverage, etc are all just fine. If it didn't turn itself off all the dang time, I could really enjoy this phone!

Pros: light weight, good signal, decent sturdiness - for basic phone needs it is fine.Cons: battery charge drops precipitously near the end when in use, hard-to-read screen, side buttons VERY awkward, awful/pointless charging slot cover.Can't comment on camera or other fancy features since I never use them.

I've had this phone for about a month now, to replace my old LG phone flip phone. Overall I like it. The reception is *so* much better than with my old phone. I live in a fairly rural area, but so far I haven't once lost a call, even while driving in the country. With my old phone I would lose calls all the time. The reception and sound quality are very good, which are by far the most important features of a good cell phone for me.The camera feature is decent. I like that you can take a picture of yourself, because when the phone is closed, the outside monochrome display becomes a viewfinder (albeit a very grainy and black-and-white one). The phone claims to have a 4x zoom, but this is a bit misleading because 4x only works when you turn the camera resolution down. At the highest resolution (640 x 480), it only can do 2x zoom.As other reviewers have pointed out, the most annoying aspect of this phone is the little buttons on the outside. These buttons are shortcut keys for turning on driving mode (which lets you speak commands to the phone) and for taking pictures. Unfortunately, these buttons easily get accidentally pressed if you keep the phone in your pocket. Sometimes I've opened my phone and noticed that it has taken dozens of pictures of the inside of my pocket. Not only is it annoying to erase them all one-by-one, but I'm sure it cuts down on battery life. Worse, if the driving mode button is accidentally pushed, the phone goes into driving mode, even if you had put it into silent or manner mode. This is annoying if you're trying to keep your phone from making noise during a class or meeting. You can prevent this from happening by locking your phone before putting it in your pocket, but it's still an annoying feature that I hope LG will fix in new versions.That said, I do like the driving mode when I'm in the car, since I can dial by speaking and not have to take my eyes off the road. The voice recognition seems quite good. It usually understands me on the first try, and there's a training function in case it doesn't.Overall, I like this phone. It definitely doesn't deserve 5 stars because of the problems with the outside buttons, but it certainly gets a solid 4.

I recently got this phone as a free upgrade (after a rebate) and am very impressed.  For me it's greatest assets are it's voice command and speaker phone features.  Properly mounted, it works great in the car as a hands free communication device.  The fact that it can "read" all the names in it's phonebook, and dial the number at your request is amazing - no more scrolling around to find the number you want.  Using the camera feature is easy, and the picture quality is OK for a 3x5 photo.  FYI - you can purchase some nifty aftermarket software from Susteen called Datapilot that can get those photos off the vx6100 for free.  I've used the software and it works well, but make sure to purchase the computer cable from Susteen also - I had trouble using another manufacturer's cable with the datapilot program.  Reception has been great, as is sound quality.  The speakerphone volume is good, but not great.The only problem I've found with the phone are the side buttons, that can be accidentally pushed even when the phone is closed.  This can activate the "Driving" (speakerphone) mode and result in an earsplitting event if you answer a call without realizing what mode the phone is in.All in all, an amazing phone for the price.

After a great deal of research my husband and I decided on this phone and we are very glad we did.  It's been great.  The camera works well (although the zoom feature isn't really a zoom) and the flash is a nice touch.  We both LOVE the hands free feature.  Very very cool and handy.  It has a lot of really great features that are easy to use.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I've had occassional problems with it getting a signal in certain areas. For example I've  been in a store with another person (same carrier but different phones) who was able to make calls without a problem when my phone would barely get a signal and 'connect'.  And there have been a 'few' (literally, just a few) mysteriously dropped calls.  Not sure if it was the phone or the area...  And FYI: it seems harder to find accessories for this phone- although they are available online and through the carrier.  All in all, it's a great phone and we are very happy with it!  Highly recommended!

I have always prefered LG phones to other brands in terms of style, construction and features, so the vx6100 does not disappoint. I almost went with the vx7000, but it lacks a speakerphone, a camera lens cover, and is heavier and boxier than the vx6100.I don't use all the fancy web features like "get it now", email, etc - although I do think the ability to send pictures to other cell phones or email is pretty cool. Too bad it costs money to do so.The vx6100 is basically a upgraded version of my old vx4400 (which I really liked, but lost and had to replace). It has a larger display screen, more colors and graphics, more ringtones, more features and options, a speakerphone, plus a camera (a nice novelty feature, as the quality is not that good). It also seems to have better reception that my old lg.A couple of drawbacks from the older model include:- I don't like the "plug-in" charger, I prefer a cradle charger- I don't like that you have to say "contacts" before using voice dial (it's just an extra step which takes longer to place the call - the whole point of voice dial is speed & convenience)However, one super-cool feature of the voice dial is that you don't have to pre-record the names anymore. The phone automatically knows who to call because it "reads" the name from your contacts. However, you will have to learn to spell phonetically! (or be prepared for some humorous interpretations)Sound quality and speakphone are both very good.Overall, I do recommend this phone!

I am using this phone (LG VX6100) about two weeks and I really like it. This is my first camera phone, so I cannot compare with other camera phones from different companies. However, I have used several Nokia phones and one Samsung phone, which were all bar type. This is my first folding type.Good: The LCD screen is very bright and clear; easy to read in most cases. Navigation menus are good and very intuitive. Its design is very nice and attractive. Good reception.Bad: A bit heavier than bar types.In brief, it is a very nice phone, especially with Amazon rebate. I strongly recommend this phone if you want to have a basic phone with a camera.

This is the best value among Verizon Wireless' current offerings that:- is a tri-mode phone,- and that has an external LCD screen.One reason this phone is a better choice than some of its competitors is BitPim.  Knowledgeable users may purchase an USB data cable and use the freeware program BitPim ([...]) to transfer contact information, pictures, wallpaper and ringtones (both MIDI and MP3) between the VX6100 and one's personal computer, without the need to purchase or subscribe to various Verizon Wireless services.  Of course, one should have the expertise and tools to shrink both images and music files before attempting to use BitPim.

The speaker phone is very hard to understand and the battery gets very hot, very fast so your cheek feels like its on fire! The side buttons are also quite an inconvenience.  Pictures randomly get taken and the phone puts itself in driving mode when these buttons are accidentally pushed.I DO NOT reccomend this phone

The Bell did not ring.  Had to take a trip to Verizon Tech center just to be sure - they said it was defective. I had to return it.

I don't have this phone, but here's my story. About two years ago, on Mother's day, there was a Sprint sale- buy one get one free. My dad, sister and I thought that it would be great if we get a cell for us and one for our mom. (We had a bad experience before-with a different company, someone stole it.) Well anyway, Mothers day past, and mom got a new cell, and my dad, sister and I shared the 2nd one. Now, I am tired of it because I can't really make a call-only on free weekends-because it's a lot of money, my parents say. So I thought it would be great to get a cell for Christmas coming up. I gathered everything that I thought would be nice to have, and I got my 1st, 2nd, and 3rd choices. Today, I was scanning amazon, and searched for cell phones. I saw this one, and all the features caught my eye. I printed it out and showed my dad. I decided to read customers reviews, to see if I didn't know anything that I should have. I'm glad I did. Everybody said that it was horrible that:-ringtones were either too loud or too soft-battery dies out quickly-extra money for certain things that you should get for free-that the phone has a few tricks up their sleeves....I don't want to sound mean, but there is stuff you should need to know. Be cautionous!

I set out to find a phone like my trusty v60, which unfortunately passed away.The VX6100 comes close, but does not quite meet the excellence that was the V60.PROS:- The internal color screen is not too hard to read in sunlight. It's not as good as LCD, but it's probably the best color screen I've seen as far as readability. It's large, without being so large as to drain the battery.- Sound quality is a 4 out of 5 - good but not great.- Reception actually beats my old v60- External LCD is extremely easy to see even in sunlight- Features galore, if you're in to that kind of stuff.- Small size, unlike most new VZW phones which are going backwards towards brick size.- I spoke to the Verizon Techs about this phone before I bought it, it's one of their better phones in terms of having to come in for service.CONS:- The external buttons can be pressed way too easily. I'm afraid my phone will get kicked out of vibrate and in to regular mode by accident. I also have the black pictures described in earlier reviews due to the camera button being pushed too easily. Plus, my fingers can't seem to rest without pressing a side button unless I'm extra careful about it.- I'd prefer there be a quick key for full silent mode (not just vibrate).In all, a very good phone, falling short of being a great phone by what in my opinion are very poor ergonomics.

i like the item for the most part except it tends to short out or  never have signal or stuff liek that its life it sucks!

I've had this phone for about 4 months and must say it's a nifty little thing with bunches of features.  I love it.  And the service is GREAT!  Recommended.

I recently switched from Cellular One to Verizon and I could not be happier with the service or the LG VX6100 phone.  The inside screen is bright with vivid colors-one of the biggest screens I've seen on a newer phone, and I've looked at many before deciding on this model.  The smaller outside screen is monochrome and lights up and is very easy to read.  The keypad is backlit with a vibrant blue, red, and green and can be adjusted in the Settings option to stay on a very short time or for a longer time.  I almost went with the Samsung A670 because I liked the color and styling of the phone, but the screen is smaller and I have read some mixed reviews, and..no speakerphone, smaller screen, not trimode, too small keypad).  Reception with Verizon's America's Choice service is fantastic!  I can get a crystal clear signal in my second floor apartment which I could not with my old Motorola phone.  So far I have not dropped one call and had NO line static/distortion when traveling and using this phone or calling from home.  The call quality is simply amazing with this phone and Verizon...you will notice the difference if you are unhappy with your current provider.  Camera, speaker phone, and navigation buttons and menus are very user-friendly.  I am very happy with this phone and highly recommend it to anyone considering an LG phone.

Seems like most people like this handset, so maybe I'm just dumb, but I find this the most infuriating phone I've ever owned.I switched to Verizon from AT&T; Wireless (just before the Cingular cutover) because I was getting basically zero reception at my new house. Verizon has generally better coverage in Seattle, and when I brought home a Verizon handset from work to test it, I got a pretty good signal. I guess that phone wasn't the LG6100, because this phone rarely gets more than one bar within the house and calls drop constantly. My wife's much cheaper T-Mobile service, on a free Nokia brick, is far superior, but still not good enough that we can drop our land line.Battery life on the 6100 is feeble. I use my phone quite rarely, maybe 10 minutes of talk time a week, and I still have to charge this pig about every four days. If I make any calls or use the camera, it runs down a lot faster.The physical design has a couple of irritating flaws, too. There are keys on the right and left sides of the phone that I can't avoid pressing when I pick up the phone to make or answer a call, getting a string of distracting little beeps. I also have a hard time lining up the speaker with my ear. I find I have to position my fingers very carefully and hold the phone just so. I can barely walk and talk on this thing at the same time, let alone drive. Chewing gum is out of the question.(Did I mention Verizon is expensive? And that they require a two-year agreement? And that the dude on the cover of the instruction manual looks like he really needs a bran muffin?)The camera is okay.
