
I love my new phone. It has so many capabilities; keeps me connected to everything I need. The best part is the Google Maps and GPS! It's helped me out of a few directionally challenged moments already! Only problem is the Gmail doesn't push to the phone and I find it erases the gmail before I can read it. I'll have to look into that. Also I am nervous the sliding mechanism will wear out, but only time will tell. Read all the reviews, they are all gleaming!

I had this phone for one month and had to get rid of it.  Two weeks in it just completely died and the battery charger wouldn't charge it.  AT&T sent me a replacement phone in the mail.  On both phones the screen was a complete joke during daylight hours....I compared it to my friend's iPhone and my work Blackberry and had a good laugh.  You cannot see one thing unless you literally cup your hand over the screen to create shade.  If you make a call, the screen goes black to "save battery", so you cannot key in follow-up numbers or passwords to retrieve your voicemail.  It is also  bulky as hell and really uncomfortable to hold while texting.  Terrible camera, horrible speakerphone clarity.  I'm buying a personal Blackberry instead.  Do NOT waste your money on this thing.

I'm a huge cell phone fan and I tend to try out the latest and greatest.  So far, this phone is it.  I won't rehash all the features because you can read about those elsewhere.  The highlights for me were the excellent battery life and the fact that it has just about every feature you could want in a PDA phone.  The size isn't even that bad.  I had resisted getting a PDA phone because of the size, but I've found I can still get this into my pocket.  I'm glad I didn't give in to getting an iPhone because this has it beat.  The only thing I found annoying is that there is no mini-plug jack.  You can buy an inexpensive converter to plug in headphones, but it's weird they didn't include that.  Otherwise, I love it.  Makes me glad I have AT&T.

Everyone is talking about how this is an iPhone killer... and I couldn't agree more - for the business person.However, what no one is mentioning is that this is also the Blackberry killer.Yes, it is bigger than a Pearl, but you can't get a 3G BB... nor open and edit MS files!  This does about 80% of what I open my laptop for... and it will go to 90% when I buy a bluetooth keyboard.I use it for business apps, browsing, and even reading.  In fact, I posted a review for this product highlighting that I carry about 60 books with me in MS reader format... and Amazon killed my review.  I guess they didn't want people reading that they didn't have to buy a dedicated reader if they bought the right phone!It let's me play movies, read books, play games and, oh yeah, interface with my company's blackberry server for PIM and email push!The ultimate pocket accessory... and phone quality is great with a headset, outstanding with a corded headset but only pretty good with the on board microphone.UPDATE:  Okay, I have now been using the Tilt for about 5 months.  My review stays the same!Yes, this, like most systems running an MS OS, requires a little tweaking.  However, once that tweaking is done, you realize you are holding a mini computer rather than just another phone.3G and H network support... and can easily be tethered.BB Connect support - finally a 3G BBGPS that links to google maps, MS live maps, TeleNav and, in my case, iGuidance.You can connect a standard headset to the Tilt... but you have to buy a proprietary jack - which is the biggest Con I have.In fact, if we could just get MS to tweak WM6 a little better, we would be in business....

Anyone that writes a glowing review of the Tilt is either a technocrat or under the pay of HTC.  I have had this phone for 6 months and its been nothing but a PIA.  Once sent back for a replacement and 2nd time battery just died and waiting for a replacement to see if that will revive it.  I doubt it as it is know for the red light of death.

I've had MS Smartphones and Pocket PCs, and this one is the best.Pros:1. Huge number of features,2. Finally phone lock is done well. There is a dedicated Power/Lock button,3. Many hardware buttons (10 buttons + d-pad + jog-wheel). You can handle many functions with one hand. Buttons can be redefined.4. Good back-lit keyboard. It has some useful special keys (OK, Tab). All special characters (@?:;...) are easily accessible through Fn key.5. Very good GPS with quick lock. They have a method to speed up GPS lock. It works better than dedicated GPSes,6. Quick and reliable WiFi,7. Sturdy metal sliding mechanism,8. Micro SD memory card9. Standard mini USB data and charging,10. Easy PC sync,11. Fast processor and large memory,12. Finally, OK fully closes programs.Cons:1. Lack of profiles. Can be fixed with PhWeaver that offers unsurpassed functionality,2. ATT bloatware. It can be removed by resetting the phone. Check the web.3. Internet Explorer. Install Opera Mobile.4. Heavy (on the other hand it is a pro, because the phone is very solid).5. Original phone keypad not great. Replacements can be downloaded.Search the web for "10 tips on fixing common AT&T; Tilt problems"

Had original phone 3+ months and it went bad - would not charge. Sent it back under warranty and received a refurbished phone.  It lasted 1+ month and screen started locking up.  What could have been a great phone is really a piece of expensive junk.  AT & T offered to send another refurbished phone but I can't risk it going bad when I am out of town. Best AT & T would do was to sell me a new phone at their lowest price.  Have terminated my service (paid fee) with them and gone to Verizon.  Will do the same with the rest of my family plan when it expires. If you check the AT & T website, you cannot buy this phone new.  I did not see one available in one of the local AT & T stores today either.  Have they pitched in the towel on this one since it is so bad?

I bought this phone to replace my old 8125 (HTC Wizard) thinking that this phone has all the features to make it worth an upgrade.  What a joke that was.  My two year old phone with a much slower processor outperforms this phone in almost every way.  After further research it looks like HTC did not include the proper video drivers so the phone apparently runs off software acceleration instead of hardware.  As a result the touch screen is very lagged, video very choppy, quicker drain on battery life.  After contacting HTC support 5 times they finally got back to me and then told me to buy one of their upcoming phones and these issues will be solved.  I have always been a big fan of HTC phones and have recommended them to many people, and also as an IT manager I've always purchased these phones for employees.  At this point I would never buy an HTC phone again or recommend one.  Do your research if you still plan to purchase this phone!!

I have had my Tilt for 2 days now, and have experienced the "won't wake up" problem three times already.  The last time it happened, I tested to see if it could receive a call - and it could not. I pulled the battery and I'm up and going again. So far, I'm disappointed and thinking about going back to my 8125.I'm running this version:ROM: 1.57.502.2ROM Date: 8/25/2007Radio: 1.27.12.11Protocol: 22.45.88.07HUpdate:After some experimenting, it seems that the bug I was experiencing is caused by the new Windows Live Search.  I think there is a problem with the way it handles the device going to sleep.  Until this is fixed, Tilt users should either not use Windows Live Search, or at least make sure they Exit that application before the device goes to sleep.

The Tilt\Kaiser\Tytn II\8925, or whatever name you would like to use, is supposed to be the pinnacle of HTC's 8000 series of PDA phones. Featuring the Qualcomm MSM7200 chipset, it has the feature set to best all the competition:400mhz dual core CPU256mb ROM spaceFull keyboardHSDPA, EDGE, Wi-fi, GPS, and bluetooth enabled.3MP, auto focus cameraEtc....The Tilt also features ATI's Imageon processor. The Imageon line of processors is, from wikipedia:"The Imageon (previously ATI Imageon) is a line of media processor line developed by ATI providing graphics acceleration and other multimedia features for handheld devices such as mobile phones and Personal Digital Assistants (PDA)."Curiously, HTC has decided not to support the Imageon chip that is included in the Tilt's chipset by not providing drivers for it. This chip provides hardware acceleration for nearly all graphics related processing. Since the chip is un-supported, all video processing is software based, executed on the CPU. This EXTREMELY limits the graphics performance of the Tilt. And when I say limit, I am not talking about you won't be able to run PS2 games, I am talking you won't be able to use google maps smoothly bc the screen lags as the map moves around. I mean when you switch from portrait to landscape the screen will lag. I mean you cannot use the included 3 MP camera bc the screen cannot refresh fast enough to display what your camera lens is actually seeing.Every aspect is effected by HTC's neglect. I have owned the Tilt for almost 3 months now, and am appalled at HTC's response to the situation, and their unwillingness to support the hardware they included with the device. It is dumbfounding. I hope HTC comes to their senses, until they do, the Tilt gets a 1 star rating.

As a long time Palm user I had so many apps accumulated I had trouble making the switch to Windows knowing how much software I'd lose (and have to buck up to re-purchase!)Sure enough no developers want to just 'give' me a license because I decided to switch platforms.  It's been an expensive switch and a time consuming one trying to find apps that parallel or exceed the Palm ones.The software available is definitely more limited for Windows, but then again Palm developers have roughly 10 years on their Windows counterparts.  For instance I had GREAT apps for grocery shopping (e.g. Jshopper) but trying to find one for Windows is near impossible that will let you import your old lists as CSV values.Also, many very good developers who offer both Palm & Windows options offer only a scaled down Windows application.  For instance Calorieking.com has a diet diary/calorie counter that is a fantastic weight loss tool.  The Windows app is only a small fraction of the powerful tool available for Palm.All in all I am very pleased with this phone; all it's capabilities and add-ons available.  Handango has a great selection of apps that will tell you which ones are compatable with your Tilt.  Sbc has some good products that will mod your today screen with things like your "Top 5" with a photo that you can just press to dial your favorite contacts.The thing I miss most about my Palm is the already integrated features that I don't need to go searching for and purchase.  Chat-style threaded text messaging is a thing of the past on Windows mobile so look for purchasing a program such as Extreme Text if you want to keep track of your conversations by sender.

WHEN I SAW THIS PHONE FOR THE 1ST TIME,  I WAS WITH VERIZON AND HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH MY MOTOROLA PHONE. I SWITCHED  TO AT & T JUST FOR TILT  PHONE, WASTED SO MUCH TIME & MONEY.  MY 1ST TILT  PHONE WAS MISSING  THE CALLS, VOICE WAS BREAKING &  NOT CLEAR AT ALL. AMAZON SEND ME THE 2ND TILT  WHICH WAS EVEN  WORST THEN 1ST ONE CAN NOT PROGRAM ANY THING. FINALLY I CHANGE AGAIN WITH MOTOROLA Q SMART PHONE. WORKED  FOR FEW DAYS. AFTER FEW DAYS IT STARTS MISSING THE  CALLS AND I CAN NOT HEAR OTHER PARTY, WHEN I RECEIVE THE  CALLS. I CALLED AGAIN AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE ,  THEY ADVISE ME TO TAKE THE PHONE TO AT & T  WHERE THEY  FOUND THAT SPEAKER IS NOT WORKING. I MOVED TO AT & T  END JUNE/08 AND SINCE THEN I AM HAVING TROUBLE WITH THESE TWO PHONES  SUPPOSE TO BE THE  BEST  & MOST EXPENSIVE PHONES. HOW I WISH I WOULD HAVE STAYED WITH VERIZON. I SHOULD BE THANKFUL TO AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE THAT THEY ARE STILL HELPING ME  TO SOLVE THIS ISSUE.

If you want to use this phone for any multimedia then just turn yourself around and go buy an iPhone.  I was very excited for this phone and it still works well for me but I've had to mess with it so much to get it that way it feels like a second job.I've had to buy software to help manage the data connection to save battery life.  I've had to flash a different ROM on it just to get it to speed up and not be dog slow.  HTC could have really knocked one out of the park with this phone but they cheaped out.I am now patiently awaiting the 3G iPhone.

The phone itself gets high marks, however if you are thinking about the new bios upgrade, skip it.  It slows connectivity on the phone so much that it takes minutes to log into IM.  This used to take seconds.  It's the same with getting email.  Connectivity is extremely slow.  I have no idea why someone would engineer such long delays into a product, but they did here.

In theory, this phone would be great.  I was very excited about the touch screen and keypad for texting and emails.  However, the screen is hard to touch by hand.  But the worst part is that the phone I received is defective and the screen is black most of the time even when it is unlocked.  Pressing buttons and the screen wont turn it on, you have to slide it out then press buttons to get it to function.  It is not user friendly and they don't offer a warranty on the product because they know it is POS.  Don't be fooled by the supposed options it provides, since they are hard to use and some don't work!!!

Out of the box this is potentially powerful smartphone.  However, the software can be a little problematic at times.  If you are using this for your job AND you have an IT department that will support it, then this is a really GREAT phone.  If you don't have IT support, you will have to learn to troubleshoot problems yourself when they occur.There are a lot of positives about this device.  For example, there is a LOT of great software available for the phone.  When the software is added, and the phone is configured to your needs, the Tilt becomes an absolutely terrific device.There are some annoying issues with the Tilt.  First, the phone screen goes blank (dark) after a few seconds of talking on the phone.  If you need to access the buttons during a conversation (e.g., such as navigating through a phone menu) you have to keep hitting a hard-to-press tiny button on the side of the phone so you can see the buttons.  Second, every time the Tilt senses a new wireless connection (which happens all the time given the capability of this phone) it gives you a pop-up notification.  You can't turn this off.  There is a setting to turn it off, but it doesn't work.  Last, if you keep this plugged into the wall socket to recharge for a long period of time, you often have to reboot.  I doesn't come out of it's "recharge sleep" very well.To configure this device the way you want it you have to be a bit of a techno geek.  Plan to spend HOURS getting this phone to work the way you want it to.  I have spent countless hours doing so and consider it quite a waste of my time, but necessary for me to get it to work the way I wanted it.Bottom line, the Tilt is potentially a great phone with TONS of great features.  I do like it.  I just wish it would be a bit more consumer-friendly.  I still feel as if I have to go to the internet to get answers to issues I have with the phone...I sometimes wish I had a personal IT department for this device.  If you like fiddling with your phone and the software, this could be a fun device.  However, if you are busy and don't have time for that, make time.  You will need it.

I'm writing this review from my iPhone. The phone I turned my back on for this Turd. 2 days later I returned to my iPhone and I'll will never stray again. The Tilt claims touch screen, worthless. The Tilt tilts, worthless. The Tilt freezes and crashes all the time. Do yourself a favor and get an iPhone.

My husband and I each got one of these just over a week ago and we have been very pleased with it. Amongst our frieds, we are considered 'late adopters' when it comes to Smartphones.The main reason we picked this phone over the other PDA phones available:1. WiFi - we want to be able to use our phone without paying a lot even when we are roaming. If we have WiFi access, we could still use the internet (surfing, emails, IMs) and make PC-to-PC calls with this phone using Skype without paying voice and data roaming fees. Granted, we will need to find free WiFi access while travelling, but if free service is available, why not? In case of emergencies, we wouldn't have cared about the cost of roaming anyway.2. Microsoft Platform - I know a lot of people do not like the Windows Mobile software... many people do not like Microsoft products, period; however, I am a creature of habit and I like the familiar feel of MS products. I am sure it could be better, but it works for me and I will just wait for upgrades in the future.3. Ability to sync with Exchange - this is a feature my husband cares about. We were considering the iPhone, but was told that it does not sync with Exchange, which means he can't check work email.... not very useful to have a PDA phone that does not sync with all email systems no matter how slick it may look.4. GPS - It's a nice bonus. And you can use any GPS software you want - free ones like Google Maps and Windows Live Search or get the Tom Tom software. So you don't have to pay for the AT&T; service.We did lots of research before picking this phone and we have found that the main complaints people have are the speakphone and video driver issues. Luckily for us, the videio issue doesn't affect us: we don't plan on watching videos or playing sophisticated games on the phone. The location of the speakerphone is unfortunate, but we don't really use that feature anyway; and for handsfree in the car, we use Bluetooth headset and speaker (The Motorola T305 works quite well). We downloaded an application called Bluetooth Audio which would transfer the audio (GPS and music) to the speaker/headphone, so it works well in the car. This software has its bugs, but I am sure better ones will come out as the demand for such an application increases.There are lots of downloads available for Smartphones and mobile devices, so you can totally customize it. Until a couple of weeks ago, all I wanted was a phone that could make calls, no need for a camera, downloadable ringtones... But now that I have got everything on the Tytn, I don't know how I made it in the past without a Smartphone!!

okay....i recently got this phone a few months ago. before i got the tilt i had the phone that looked exactly the same...i believe it was the 8727 at&t phone. but i returned it because it froze on me. when i got this phone, i thought it was amazing. the camera worked good...for  a phone. when you slide the phone so you could type on the keypad it tilts up for you which could very helpful. the speakers on the phone are really loud so if your someone who doesnt answer your phone because you couldnt hear it ring....won't be that type of person with this phone. i love its amazing just try it out for urself

Overall, this phone is good, but sometimes very hard to enter the phone number ( either you have to touch the screen or filp the phone and use the pad)

I'm surprised Amazon reviews seems to be on average lower than CNET Reviews.  CNET Users are known to be sticklers when it comes to giving high reviews and as of today this had an 8.3 on CNET which is really good for CNET. But I'm probably more inline with the Amazon reviewers...Don't get me wrong, this is a definite step up for users of the previous version of this phone, the 8525, but other than the GPS and double internal memory (128MB instead of 64MB) all the other improvements are relatively minor compared to those two major improvements. If you are a power user looking for a phone that "does it all" this is basically the best choice on the market - it blows the iPhone which is more of a mainstream - multimedia oriented phone than a power user PDA phone.I won't go into the details on all the minor improvements - the gadget freaks that live for the latest device can rant and rave about all the bells and whistles on this device until the cows come home. It is quite a feature packed device, the closest thing I've seen so far to a device that "does it all."I was going to wait for an even better version to come out before upgrading from my 8525, although I really was attracted to having a built-in GPS, but it's too expensive and time consuming to keep upgrading PDA phones every 18 months. However I dropped and broke my 8525 and that made the decision for me.Luckily the phone can now be had for $199 refurbished with contract renewal with AT&T; and the phone is basically just like a new phone and comes in plain white box with 90-day warranty instead of 1-year. These things are solid-state, no internal moving parts like a hard drive, so if they're going to fail, they'll fail in the first 90 days in my experience. Plus credit card doubles warranty anyway. So no worries saving $100 buying refurb.If this phone didn't have a GPS, I would have repaired my 8525 with new screen for $99 or bought a refurbed 8525 for $125. The Tilt is definitely the better phone overall, but when you are a power user it costs not only the money but more importantly the several hours of loading all your applications, configuring them and all the settings, email accounts, etc. It's can be a BIG pain a very time consuming if you have a lot of apps and customizations on your phone.So overall I like it better than the 8525 due to the GPS, but there are several dissapointments:1) Probably the biggest drawback of this phone is they took the camera flash out. The 8525 had a great little flash that allowed close-up low-light indoor photos and you could use it as a flashlight. Not on the Tilt.2) Even though the camera is 3 megapixel instead of 2 megapixel, it doesn't take better pictures, even outdoors. In fact, the pictures sometimes look worse! I'm into digital photography also. If you understand how digital camera CCD's work, you will know more megapixels doesn't always mean better picture, usually worse (more noise), but from a average consumer marketing standpoint, everyone assumes more is better.2) The battery life on this phone is average at best. Not as good as 8525, and abysmal if you use the GPS a lot. That's I guess a drawback of having such a powerful phone. Be interested to see if higher capacity batteries are available.3) The tilt screen is a bunch of hype. With the screen tilted it is actually harder to use the keyboard then when it isn't tilted as there is less finger room at the top of the keyboard. The two soft keys are virtually unusable for all but the smallest hands if the screen is tilted, so I don't even tilt it. What a stupid gimick.4) The keyboard overall is not as nice as the one on the 8525. While I like the finish of the keys, they don't stick up as much or press down as much, hard to tell as the 8525 so the keyboard is not as comfortable to use in my opinion.5) The change to the buttons are a step backwards in my opinion for two reasons: a) they moved the e-mail and IE buttons down so that everything is crowded in one clump of buttons now making the buttons more difficult to press for the average size or larger finger/thumb, and b) the chrome finish is cheesy looking and just shows fingerprint smudges.6) You can't store e-mail on the storage card without removing the Messaging plug-in from the Today screen. There are a number of registry hacks to make Windows Mobile operate better and use memory more efficiently. One of the most popular are the three hacks that allow the phone to use the Storage Card to store e-mail messages, e-mail attachments (that's also a setting in Windows), and My Documents folders on your storage card. This works fine and dandy with the 8525, but with the Tilt, the phone boots differently so that it loads the Messaging Today plug in before it recognizes the SD card. What ends up happening is that if you do the e-mail hack to store email on the card, the phone will create a folder in main memory called Storage Card and call the SD card Storage Card2. LUCKILY, the phone has 128MB of internal memory instead of 64MB, so even users who store entire copies of 1000 or more Outlook e-mails on their phone, there's now enough memory to not worry about storing the email on the storage card instead of internal memory. So I just store the attachments on the storage card with no worries. So essentially this isn't really a drawback that you can't store email on the card due to the larger internal memory, but I though I should include this for power users who uses the registry hack previously so they know they can't do it on the Tilt without disabling the Messaging Today plug-in.With all the nit picking, I still would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for the most advanced, feature packed phone that does everything.HOWEVER, if you are coming from an 8525 or similar device and the GPS is no big deal to you and you are satisfied with your device, don't waste your time and money. Wait one more version to get something even better, more worthy of the cost and time to upgrade.

This is a great phone for business users who want to combine a calendar, phone, and Windows applications on one device without all the costs of the iPhone.Forget the data package.  Just get the standard phone service and use the wifi when you want to connect to the internet.GPS works great as well.

I was a little skeptical when AT&T; pushed this phone to me. I was looking to get a Blackberry at the time but was open to any type of PDA phone. They showed me this one and got a real good deal on it.Pros:The full size keyboard and tilt screen - I really like the full size keyboard. It is very tactile. It's very easy to type on because you feel each key when you type on it. The title screen also makes it nice when it's sitting on a table. You don't have to keep picking it up or looking over it to see the screen.Bright screen - It has  very bright screen. The brightest I've ever seen. I even use it as a flashlight as time to navigate around the room.Nice variety of software - I love that I can check multiple email accounts with the email software package that comes with it. It comes with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint. These can even read the .docx format which is very exciting. The Word documents show up very well. The 100% view is rather big. I have to back it down to 75% zoom and the text shows up wonderfully.Sturdiness - The casing seems very sturdy, solid. It doesn't seem like it's made of cheap plasticConsNo individual ring tones for text messages - My previous phone was the Motorola Krazr and I loved that I could attach a specific ring tone to each contact. I receive more text messages than phone calls and it really helps me to know who is sending me a text message so I know how important it is :). I hope they add that in future upgradesInternet Connectivity - For some reason the phone will not connect to the Internet through its Internet Browser or MediaNet after so long. I'll reboot it and it will connect fine. I don't receive any errors, I'll pull up the browser and just get a blank screen.Poor Video Performance - One reviewer mentioned that the driver didn't seem up-to-date and that the video performance seemed choppy. I decided to check this and yes, it was very choppy

Ive had this phone for almost one year...got it when it first came out in Oct 2007.Pros:-Nice bright display-Slide out keyboard, with nice sized buttons-Ability to display either portrait or landscape-Runs on Windows software, so its pretty intuitive for most people.  Also allows me to get my emails and sync contacts and other things with my Outlook at work.-Lots of neat options, such as Transcriber (you can write on the screen and it will turn your written words into text)Cons:-Very thick (almost 3/4 of an inch)-Very heavy-Not real good battery life-The internet speed (although this is supposed to be 3G) is horribly slow-People who call me have complained that the call quality is bad. They say they can hear background noises clearer than they can hear me.And my biggest complaint...the touch screen is not very responsive.  In other words, you really have to press hard to get them to respond.  It is especially bad when I use my finger.  The phone does come with a sylus which helps somewhat.All in all its a pretty good phone, but I wouldnt buy it again.  Id go with an iphone.  I bought an ipod touch a few months ago, and it is far superior in regards to look, weight, thickness, and screen responsiveness.

I've been a fan and avid user of smartphones since 2001. Having been accustomed to Palm's Treo line, I have to say that the Tilt has been a genuine let down. If you are migrating from the Treo platform using Windows Mobile, you should consider the move very carefully. Let's look at specifics: Ergonomically, the Tilt is awkward to use. The most frequently used button (the power button) is nearly completely hidden along the right edge of the phone. There is nothing in the way of geometry or texture to help you find it by feel and even less in the way of visual clues. The dark red symbol is tiny and there is no contrast. I've been using the phone for over six months, I know where the button is, and yet it is still successfully camouflaged. Once you do find the power button, you will need the sensitivity of a surgeon to operate it. The button has a miniscule throw and no tactile feedback to let you know that you have pressed it. To make matters worse, if you plan on operating the power switch one-handed, you will need to be very careful as the push-to-talk, scroll/selector, and program menu selector switches are all located directly opposite on the left side of the phone. This makes inadvertent inputs a snap with surprising results. Why make so much out of the power button? Well, you'll be needing it a great deal as most of the power settings require frequent use of this button in order to prevent accidentally leaving the unit on.Leaving the unit on is great for draining the battery. My Treo 750 used to operate for several days before requiring a charge. My Tilt, set up as close to the same power settings as the Treo, needs charging at least every day. If you want to be informed about incoming e-mail messages, your best bet is to leave it plugged into shore power as much as possible. Any attempt at invoking power-saving measures is a real pain when making calls. The screen goes dark requiring the manipulation of other controls to get the screen back to enter menu selections or to answer a second call.The slide out keyboard is a great idea, but is awkward to use, especially during calls. The two most important keys are placed close enough to the edge of the screen to make using them tricky. The membrane-based keys provide some tactile feedback, but it is highly variable over the range of the device. In comparison, the Treo's keys were well defined and provided excellent feedback for helping to enter the right data.The build of the Tilt is also an issue. Of the three people in our office who switched to the Tilt, all three have had to return their models to AT&T.; Unfortunately, when you do this, you get a refurbished unit which feels even sloppier than the out-of-the-box version. The input buttons on the face of the phone are loosely fitted on my second unit and the two halves of the phone are ill fitting. Overall, there is a sense that the phone is a toy and cheaply made.The video camera is actually pretty nice but still shots are all way over exposed. The phone has scant memory which is a shame when memory is so cheap. The utility for finding large files and deleting them flat out doesn't work on my phone and I have to resort to a link with my PC to remove the files and attachments that accumulate through normal use.E-mail via Windows Mobile and Outlook is terrific and works flawlessly, as does setting up multiple other messaging accounts and e-mail accounts. It's probably the thing the phone does best. The browser, however, works intermittently, requiring a reset about every fourth use. I can get to my selected homepage but no data displays. This is a pain since it takes a couple of minutes to regain its bearings after a soft reset.The stylus is about two centimeters too short compared with other PDA's I've used and feels cheap. Entering data via the touch screen is not too difficult, however, and the screen size is ample to allow easy viewing of most data and documents.The Treo was such an elegant design compared to the Tilt that I don't go too many days regretting the switch. The Treo was a great piece of industrial design that obviously respected ergonomics and utility. The Tilt, in contrast, is a collection of really terrific features that are executed poorly. I hope that HTC will spend more time on future iterations of the Tilt, or, better yet, start from scratch.

Wow, I'm just floored that AT&T; had the hutzpah to charge the customers $600 for this pathetic piece of junk. I was given this phone by my corporate IT, and believe me, I would've turned it in a long time ago had I not been forced to use it.  The video is nothing short of horrible as many other reviewers attest.  The AT&T; service in San Francisco (where I live) is herrendous.  There are several locations, all in heavily populated areas, where I know if I drive through it, my conversation will drop.  (Shame on you, AT&T; - for what you charge for your service, there's absolutely no excuse for dropping calls due to what appears to be lack of proper cell hand-off, or what-ever gremlins you couldn't work out of your hodgepodge of a network!!!)  But back to the Tilt.  Beside the hardware issues already well documented in many other reviews, the one thing I truly hate is the extremely poor quality of a human interface.  There are so many links and functions that have not been thought through that I can't list them all.  For instance, one thing that irks me is that when you're looking up a contact, and having found the name, want to click on it for detail (just like in MS Outlook), it doesnt show you any.  Actually, it assumes that you want to call this person, and when you click on the name, goes into phone mode and proceeds to dial their number.  Why they couldn't let me open the contact first, and then give me an option to dial one of its numbers - I don't know.  Of course, it then takes a bunch of screen taps and key strokes (accompanied by the snail-like delay between them) to get back into the contact mode, where now you are forced to go through several additional menu steps to get into the actual contact.Another fine "feature" makes it difficult to tell if you have a voice mail waiting, since the voicemail icon is hidden under a general "alert" icon, which can stand for emails, SMS and reminders.  Since I have emails coming in all the time, I have grown accustomed to that general alert symbol being almost always on, so unless I consciously remember to click on it to see what alerts I have an the layer below, I wouldn't know that I may have a voice mail waiting.The bluetooth connection can be described in three words:  "Snap, crackle pop!".  I am using a plantronics voyager that worked just fine with my older Blackberry, and I even tried my wife's Motorola - same problem.  Needless to say, this is definitely the last HTC phone I would ever own.  From now on I am sticking to well-recognized brands that have a good track record of putting out "fully baked" products and supporting their customers if any bugs are found.  As other reviewers wrote, HTC's whining about how it would cost too much to fix the Tilt problems after charging $600(!!!) for this abomination is to me nothing short of a slap in the face of every one of its customers.  I wouldn't be surprised if someone started a class-action lawsuit against HTC for gouging the customers and thoroughly misleading advertisement.  If I could give this thing a zero-star rating, I would.

Not sure if it is mentioned in other reviews, but this phone has the unique feature of a universal mini USB slot to charge and transfer data to the PC!!!  Maybe it is not unique, but I have not owned any other phone/pda/laptop/etc. that used a universal port for charging.  The other reviews will tell you what a great phone this is for other reasons, but this feature needs to be praised.  Every other cell phone manufacturer needs to take note and get on the "universal" bandwagon.How nice would this be?-You buy a bunch of $.99 mini usb cables.-You store them at your home, office, in your car, public restrooms, etc.-You now have the ability to charge all your portable devices using said cables from any laptop/pc with usb.  You can also plug the usb cables into a standard wall jack using the adapter that came with the pda(the adapter that comes with the standard iPOD works also).-Running low on batteries while you are traveling in Switzerland?  Run over to the local Starbucks and pop your device into Hilda's laptop.  Buy her a Frappuccino and you are golden!For the moment, we will have to continue buying overpriced, slightly different power chord adapters because the manufacturers love money and hate you.  All except for HTC and their wonderful Tilt Smartphone.  And now, back to making out with my new Tilt...

I have had very few complaints about this phone. Yes it's a little heavy, but it goes in my pocket so no big deal. I'm not tech-savvy and rarily use it for work.  I primarily use it for appointments, e-mail and internet use, games ( bubble breaker is addictive )and of course, cellphone. Like everyone else I agree the ptt button is a waste. ( i'm going to try to reconfigure it ) Battery life isn't the greatest so buy a spare for 12$. I've researched cellphones for about a month before I picked this one.( Loved and wanted a blackberry but was not a fan of a trackball and the keys looked too small. ) The camera needs to be still in order to take a really good picture. I do like office mobile and like the fact it has an optional gps. Also , I love the wifi. The speakerphone works fine.  Other reviewers had problems but not me and I use it daily. So much better than the razr! All in all, this phone is for me.

This product merits a 1-star due to the fact that Amazon censors well-cited reviews that point out the deep flaws of this 'iPhone killer'.It's nice it has a faster cpu now, but the fancy Qualcomm integration with ATI video hardware actually now PREVENTS the video acceleration from being used, unlike the predecessors, because either nobody can legally, or be capable to (Qualcomm), implement drivers, nor afford to (HTC).  It's like getting a nice, fast Nvidia video card and then running the computer in Safe Mode.The phone can actually take decent pictures, if you can get pass the sluggish, skippy, blurring display that reminisces of FIRST GEN digicams, as well as the resolution reducing glare from the non-removable lens cover.Heat is an issue where the device can almost burn your hand when 3G and WiFi are both on although it's nice the display doesn't distort because of it, and the battery doesn't explode.Windows Mobile, as an OS, isn't that great and still isn't that great on this hardware.  It multitasks TOO WELL so you can end up having sluggish response when running apps because something in the background starts chugging the CPU.  Then because its graphics APIs (such as DirectX Mobile) rely on hardware acceleration, and there is NONE on this phone, screen redraws are sandwich making time, almost.Think of this more as a PDA that has phone features, than as a phone with nice PIM features.  Compared to even Palm's extremely outdated OS, the software OS on this phone runs like a sloth and lacks any of the polish Apple SHIPS with its phone.It is nice this phone does allow you to flash new ROMs to get past some of the limited features that ship with it (although no video acceleration fixes), and that it is a WORLD TRAVELER so you can take this phone and use from Japan, to Europe, to everywhere that uses WCDMA and GSM, except for T-Mobile's/Emobile's 1700MHz 3G network.Unlike what Ace Wireless of Gardena will tell you, WCDMA 3G allows you to do voice and data simultaneously.

I tried ording this phone and signing up for two more years with ATT.  Although my last contract ran out over a year ago and my account is in good standing ATT refused to grive me a new contract.  Yet they said if I cane to their store I could get a new contract and phone at their price with no problem.What ever happened to appreciation for loyal customers?

There are so many great, lengthy reviews about this phone already, I'll keep this one short and simple.It's a great phone.  And if you have an 8125 or 8525, then it's time to upgrade.If you're still carying a PDA and a cell phone, then this is the phone for you.  All in one, with GPS, a decent music player, a good camera, and a great operating system (WM6).A quick tip: don't bother with the $10/mo TomTom service.  Download the free Microsoft Live Search or Google Maps applications which both work perfectly with this device's built-in GPS.

I've had my Tilt for about seven months now. So far, it's been a great phone, definitely fulfilling my needs (a good phone that can also function as a PDA and manage email). Email and calendar functions work great. I've had no problems with receiving/making phone calls other than the dialpad is not as easy as I would like; voice quality is quite good. The camera works fine; it would be nice to have a flash but I don't use it that much. It was relatively easy to find a variety of free software on the 'net (like LiveSearch and Viigo) that are very nice to use; there are also some great sites out there to help improve the Today screen and to remove the bloated software that AT&T; insists on putting on there (like all the "free" game demos).Pros:Very easy to set it up to retrieve email from home and work as well as my personal gmail account.Keyboard is very nice and far easier to use than other smart phonesPhone works very wellTethering the phone to my laptop works very well, I can connect my laptop to the internet from anywhere nowBluetooth works great with my hand-free system in my carCons:Dialpad is hard to use with my thick fingers, sometimes requiring the stylus to dial which is a painVideo/Music playback is not greatProprietary headphone jack is ridiculousBattery does not last very long and has to be charged nightly

I find this SP featurefull but it is slugish. See below for the pro and cons of this phone.Pros:1. It is feature full phone, means this has all features you will expect in a computer. For a computer geek it is perfect.2. It suports a large capacity micro SD card up to 32GB(I bought 4GB for this phone).3. Has inbuilt GPS so you can use various GPS s/w available like Garmin(i use this since it is fully loaded on SD), telenav, etc ...Stereo bluetooth.Cons:1. It is slugish at time and there have been few instances when I has to switch off this phone to come back to life.2. Camera on this phone is not good compared to other phone camera I have used in past. In room conditions picture and video quality is very poor. It is good outdoors in day light only.3. Heats up when using GPS and other features together.Not only this application are little sluggish on this, it take almost 2 sec to bring up contacts(i dont have more than 25 contacts) beffore dialiing a number.

This is one sweet deal. I have been looking at this phone along with the Touch and Blackberry devices and after 2 months of research I finally bought my Tilt. I'm an IT admin here in Seattle and love my techy stuff. Day one I had it setup to our exchange server which was great because I have my email, contacts, and shared calendar with me at all times. I also downloaded numerous applications to help tweak the phone and make it even better. Day two I backed up all my settings and unlocked the phone and tried out the Google Bata app. called Android. Of course, unlocking your phone will void the warranty but I couldn't resist. This phone has limitless possibilities and is practically a miniature laptop.

This phone is SLOW. It takes forever to change from portrait to landscape mode and it cant play any 3d accelerated games. (all the new cool ones)The manufacturer, HTC, knows that they shipped this device without the software needed to run it (NO VIDEO DRIVERS). Don't bother.

The Tilt is the best phone I have ever had.  Calls are clear and the data ability on the device is awesome.  I cannot believe that HTC replaced it with the Fuse.  My husband has the Fuse and it's a cool phone too, but I prefer the Tilt.  The rounded corners and tilt of the screen are much more what I prefer.  I love all the cool things I can do with it and the Windows operating system on it.  I have completely replaced my Palm Pilot and hope this phone lasts me the rest of my life!!!

I'm not the type who needs the latest hi-tech gadge and when I do go hi-tech, as a rule of thumb,  I usually wait for version 3.0 or better so that many of the initial kinks get worked out  -- I still won't use Vista.  When I bought this phone I didn't know how new it was, and neglected to ask -- I'm the idiot for not following my own rule of thumb.  It is slow, and the battery does not hold a charge well at all.  I have had the phone replaced and since replaced the battery on the new phone -- I've had it for less than a year.  I also hate the fact that AT&T doesn't service anything that they sell and the people who sell their products are incredibly ignorant about them.  The phone does have some very cool bells and whistles, but they don't mean much when the basic things you need to do on the phone don't work well.  If you do buy this phone don't bother ponying up the extra ducats for the Navigator system.  You'll find that you'll can get half way to where you want to go or will be still sitting in your driveway 20 minutes later, before GPS figures out where you are.  I'm very greatful for all of the comments from the more tech savvy sorts on this website who explained why I experience all the frustrations I have with this phone.  At least I know I haven't been imagining this stuff.

I pre-ordered this phone prior to it's initial availability. I have pretty extensive experience with other smart-phone and PDA devices such as the Palm, Treo, Nokia 6682, and iPhone.The feature set on this phone is amazing and offers unparalleled functionality and possibilities, unfortunately the implementation is so ill-conceived that this phone is nearly useless.What's wrong with this phone? Here are the lowlights:- Battery life. I am lucky to make it to 5:00 p.m. with any battery left. I charge it every night, and don't use WiFi or Bluetooth- No profiles. Most every phone I have had has had the ability to select and/or configure profiles of ringtones. For example, I may want to set the phone to only ring when someone in the "Family" group calls. This is only available as an added program with the Tilt- AT&T; bloatware. The extra software that AT&T; installs slows the phone down and adds little value. My phone locked up repeatedly until I figured out a way to remove the installed AT&T; customizations- The GUI. If there is a counter-intuitive choice for an interface convention, you can be sure that's the default behavior for the AT&T; Tilt. For example, the screen blanks out while I am on a call. When I make a call, the keypad disappears.- Built in IE. Slow and jittery.- The mini-usb port is weak and subject to breaking. I had to return my phone twice under warranty and my 3rd phone is already intermittent. These phones live in a leather case, and are not abused (I use a wired headset).- It's a big heavy phone.- Intellitext (or whatever they call it) when typing text messages is simply annoying - not helpful- Picture quality for a 3 Mega Pixel camera is very poor- Buttons are only partially customizable without add-in programsIs there anything that I like about these phones? A few things:- You can customize them fairly easily. More easily then the iPhone. I've had several "skins" on mine, and that's helped with usability a bit, but not enough.- This phone is pretty "hackable". For example, you can edit the registry to fix errors, or change some undesirable default behavior.- Jog wheel is occasionally handy- Exchange connectivity works pretty well (ActiveSync)I really, really wanted to like this phone. But this phone has become like an annoying coworker that I have to put up with. I need it to get my job done, but most of the time the best I can say about it is that it didn't prevent me from getting something done, as opposed to actually improving the way I accomplish something.

Don't buy it, it certainly doesn't live up to it's hype, Buggy, buggy, buggy!It's pathetic!

I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  In an attempt to compete with the release of the iPhone, HTC (the maker of this phone) rushed this thing out the door without including proper hardware drivers.  The result is poor touchscreen performance, poor refresh rates and video playback, sluggish UI, and excessive battery drainage.  HTC has mentioned that while they advertised the hardware as part of their selling point, it is up to the consumer to discover whether or not the stated hardware will actually be used.  It has no plans to include drivers in the future, but will do so in new models to come out that it will be happy to sell you.  Buyer beware!  This phone literally performs worse than its predecessor the 8525.  [...]

I have owned several HTC phones prior to this model and they have been work horses.  8125 was one of the best.However my experience with the 8925 is that it is a cheap POS.  It does not work nearly as well as the 8125.  It has problems keeping Bluetooth conenctions and charging and syncing are problematic.The straw that broke my back is that the USB port on my stopped working and upon examination the connection wafer cracked because it is a cheap POS.  I did not abuse my phone anymore than I abused the others that lasted years.I sent the phone to HTC and they are claiming that the USB port breaking is user caused damage.  More over that port is attached to the mother board and they want to charge me $[...] dollars to fix it.For this reason I would not reccomend any HTC products to anyone ever again, and the 8925 is without a doubt a huge POS.UPDATE:  HTC refuses to fix the USB port claiming it is not under warranty, eventhough the mother board is.  The USB is permanently attached to the mother board so to fix it they want [...] bucks to replace the motherboard.  They also will not provide the full warranty in writting and nothing came with the phone stating what the warranty is or is not.  I stand by my review that HTC phones, in my opinion, should now be avoided at all cost due to flat out lack of serivce and poor quality.

This is the best smart phone I have ever had. I have had a few too...I am nervous to upgrade to a new one after having this one for almost three years now...but I know that day is coming...

a lot of the positive reviews pretty much already talked about why i like this phone so much....with one exception.  the battery lid could have been desinged better.  a few people are complaining about the phone not responding when you try to "wake" it up and you have to re-seat the battery to reboot the phone - well, i've had the same thing happen to my phone, and it turned out that the battery lid just was not placed snugly enough (although it looked like it was).  so the trick is to push firmly on the lid from top to bottom when placing it back on the phone.

i had the phone for a week before i took it back and traded it for my old LG flip phone. i like the gadgets of the tilt but im in my car alot and i just couldnt get the hang of using it n the car. besides my fingers are sausage like not huge but definately bigger than my girlfriends. and i just couldnot dial to save my life on the touch screen.

This has been a good replacement for both my cell phone and my pda. While the memory on the phone itself is rather limited, the availability of micro SD cards more than compensates. My only complaint is that it seems that the only way to get hands free use (i.e. while driving), or listen to music with earphones, is to use Blue Tooth.

The AT&T; 8525 "Tilt" phone itself is nice hardware.  But the Windows Mobile software is terrible compared to the Palm OS software.  Basic functions like looking at or making a calendar appointment require six to eight steps compared to Palm's one or two.  Sure it looks nice and easy in the store but if you actually spend some time with it (and know how easy the Palm devices work) you'll quickly feel like your hands are tied behind your back and your productivity is severely slowed down.Even for syncing MS Office applications I'd rather have a Palm with "Documents to Go" than Windows Mobile!The slide and keyboard feature are "cool" but I'm finding I virtually *never* use them.  The only time I use the keyboard is when text messaging (something I don't do often).While I like carrying only a single device (instead of both a PDA and a phone), I'm really regretting not buying a Palm OS based phone/PDA.Without writing a short novel, my short summary would be: very nice hardware (5 stars), very poor software (-1 stars), overall usability 2 stars.About the only thing this phone is good for is impressing your friends and co-workers.

I'm very impressed with this device. The sound, pictures, internet, video camera, and the capabilities of this phone are real nice. I was kinda on the ropes about purchasing this phone but its kinda the "best bang for your buck." Its is a durable phone but I have dropped it twice and while the phone still operates the same, the screen doesn't hold a firm "tilt" as it did previously. But that's not a big problem because when you have it in the tilt position your index fingers will probably be behind the screen to support it anyway. Overall...I would refer this phone to anyone..College students, business people....its a keeper.

The phone is acceptable as a PDA and phone.  The issue I continue to have with this device is the Navigation softward continues to be problematic and I can only recommend that you donot subscribe to this service with this phone.  I have an issue at least once per month.  The telenav somehow becomes inactive when using during a trip.  The internet data connection gets lost during a trip and it will not connect.  So, I lose internet and navigation.  This only seems to occur when I am travelling - when I use Telenav on trips that move from one ATT region to another.ATT has replaced my SIM, conducted master resets, and other machinations.  ATT reps continue to say they will do something - like discuss a replacement phone - but they donot call our company account manager.  It should be noted that this phone is provided by my employer.  I have had monthly phone calls to ATT and Telenav, with no long-term (more than a month) solution. When I finally get back home for a day or so, the operations/settings resume to normal with the email/data function.ATT blames Telenav and HTC.  Telenav blames ATT.  There are 7-8 individuals with this phone in my company.  Most are happy, but I don't believe they subscripe to the Telenav.  One of our salesman had this phone and finally got fed up with his problems with it - not related to Telenav - and got a Motorola Q as a replacement.I am trying to get away from this product.  What is very disappointing to me is that I changed to ATT from another subscriber specifically for the Telenav service.  My long-time provider did not provide phone navigation.

I made a great purchase at a great price...The phone is great and works better than I expected..Thank you Amazon!!!!!

10 months later, my tilt is slow, bogging down, delaying, freezing. this experience is common with my htc phones from att. I had an 8525. it did the same thing. unfortunately i had to do a warranty claim which gave me 3 of the worst quality refurbished 8525. I finally talked to a high up supervisor at the att customer care center. They sent me a brand new tilt. unfortunately my warranty did not get updated. So just after my warranty for my tilt goes up, my phone starts acting up again!!! blah. this phone has some of the best features on the market, don't get me wrong but it just doesn't last. I do electrical contracting and need a phone with data voice and gps plus a high quality camera for my line of work and this phone put up with the violent abuse of dust, dropping, scratching and everything else you can find on a jobsite but it did not last the test of time. i am not satisfied with htc's products and i will not buy another one of their products again.

This is a decent phone for the right person.  I owned one for about 6 months and that was all I could stand.  I sold it and bought a BB Bold (best phone for me).The Tilt is somewhat slow, bulky and cumbersome.  On the plus side, it does do dang near everything and there is a lot of Windows software out there.I gave up on it because of the slowness and touch screen.  Whipping out the pen every time you need to do something is a pain in the azz.  If you don't have tiny lady fingers, pass on this one.

On a geekiness scale of 0-10, I am a 5 (ie, can handle some amount of technological complications, but get lost if it gets too complicated). If you are like me, please read on. As a matter of reference, I am writing this after spending a total of around 15 hours of trying to figure this out.I bought this phone after seeing the enthusiastic reviews listed on top... big mistake.  Yes, this phone offers a lot of 'stuff' that you may need, and is technologically more loaded than an iPhone.HOWEVER, it is clunky, and I think you need a degree in computer sciences before you can use all it has to offer.1. It took me a few weeks to get it to synchronize with my computer. For some reason, the software did not load properly for the first 2 times, and I kept struggling to figure out why I could not see anything on my desktop with regards to my outlook items. Finally, I had to reinstall it, and then it now synchs ok.  What I right did the 3rd time about that I had messed up the first 2 times, I have no idea!2. Wi-Fi connectivity. I have a wireless network @ home, but haven't been able to connect the tilt phone to it. I have gone to the setting page, played around with all the settings, and finally gave up.3. I downloaded Google Maps onto this phone, and found that it loads so slowly, that it is virtually useless. Especially if you are driving and are looking for someplace.4. GPS doesnt connect to the satellites with even a minimum obstruction - if you are a car, the signal doesnt pick up. So, you have to stop, hold the phone out in your hand before it picks up. You may just as well buy a separate GPS unit.5. I have used the camera a couple of times and the pictures are terrible (unless I am doing something really wrong with the camera feature), the camera feature is useless.6. The phone feels heavy and clunky. The keyboard isnt exactly friendly to use... and I dont even have terribly big hands/finger. I have friends who have blackberry phones and they tell me it is easier than this.7. As with all things Windows, none of the features are intuitive to set up. You have to go to program->settings and then you get lost in the various tabs/options there are. Definitely not made in a manner that allows you to buy it, and start using it right away without a glitch.Overall, even though this phone is supposed to be capable of a great many things, I am going to use this only as a 'simple' phone, which I guess I could do with a phone that costs 10$.If you are planning on buying this, do try to find someone who has it, try it before you put the money down and get locked into a contract.

I tried this phone for about ten days before returning it. While it's loaded with features, figuring them out is a problem. It's not very intuitive. An additional problem is that while it comes with a short users guide that you can sit down and look through, it provides only minimal information. The more detailed instructions are on the CD, which contains a 160 page PDF file. Speaking for myself, I found that extremely inconvenient.It comes with a hideaway sylus. You'll need it when navigating some of the tinier options on the touchscreen.Battery life is downright pathetic.Anyway, I ended up switching back to Verizon and getting a Voyager. For the money, it's still an equally loaded phone but much easier to navigate.

I had excited for months about the Tilt and it's great feature set as well as the promise of a wonderfully performing PDA and Phone combo.  I finally saved up enough cash and bought one.  I've had it for 30 days now.My first impression after opening the box and giving it my initial charge was that it was amazing.  I got some of my favorite applications installed and started using the phone.  I soon started becoming annoyed by it's slow interface on just about all applications.  Scrolling became painful and screen redraws were extremely slow.  The touch screen didn't always detect the stylus or my finger, the music player skips from time to time and the camera is horribly unusable due to the extremely slow viewfinder refresh rate.  You really can't even see what you are taking a picture of and when you finally do think you got the shot the delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually taken guarantees you missed it.  I've tried to watch short video clips but again, the skipping and tearing makes this an unpleasant experience.I started believing that there must be something wrong with the phone, maybe a configuration problem or some other mistake on my part.  I started reading reviews and forums and quickly learned that it wasn't me.  It seems that many people have had similar or worse problems than I have.If you want a phone that gives both good performance and a great feature set then I wouldn't buy the Tilt.  The features are there, but the performance is severely lacking.

AT&T's EDGE and 3G services in New York City are reliable for data, but the voice service is still (May, 2009) very spotty in places you would expect it to work (Midtown).  I cannot use my BB (or an iPhone) in my apartment or inside most office buildings I frequent.

I was really looking forward to this phone and all of its potential.  I was replacing a verizon LG 9800 that I had purchased from Amazon 2 years ago.  I was happy with Verizon, but really liked the features of the Tilt.I received the phone within 2 days of ordering.  Placed on charger and initalized phone after full charge.  After playing with for couple minutes, put phone back on charger.  Came back to phone and it had shut down and would not turn back on.  The rest of this review is on the lack of service received.  I cannot comment on the phone, other than being charged and then breaking, it was never used.Well I figured I was just unlucky and had received a defective unit or battery.  Called ATT service, after a few diagnostic checks they said I could return phone to any any authorized ATT dealer for replacement.  Took phone to local ATT store and was promptly told, "you purchased this phone from Amazon, you must return it to them".  Huh???  It says ATT on the front of the phone?  Its an ATT phone!!! So I called ATT service and they explained the previous rep had made a mistake and I had to return phone to Amazon.  I said fine, I'll return the phone, please cancel the service.  Response: sorry sir you must contact Amazon to cancel your service.  LoL, should have seen that one coming.Is Amazon an authorized ATT dealer or a rogue retailer selling unauthorized ATT phones? I had heard that ATT service was not that good, but I really wanted this phone. It wasn't a big deal receiving a defective phone if the service replaced promptly.  That's what service is there for, the unexpected. The fact that I purchased the phone from Amazon should not mean I cannot go to an authorized ATT store for service, but apparently to ATT it does.  What if I am traveling on business and the phone breaks? Instead of being able to go to a ATT store, I'm stuck.  That's not how it works with Verizon.  I'm returning the phone and canceling the service. Not blaming Amazon or the phone, but the phone service provider has to stand behind a product it endorses regardless of where I purchase.  That's "SERVICE".

when I got this phone a year ago I loved it. I loved the options, the versatility.The more I got to know the phone, the more I hate it.I love HTC. I think their phones are brilliant - especially for a geek who loves to tinker. I'm going to be switching my TILT out for a Fuze in a week.Here is my list of pros and cons for the HTC Kaiser (aka TILT)Pros:1. Keyboard - I love it and I will never use anything else. I had a RAZR and a Samsung Propel and they don't hold a candle to the power of the slide out QWERTY keyboard on a Kaiser.2. Bright colors - the colors are simply beautiful on this phone. Enough said.3. The option of using buttons OR the touch screen. Sometimes I use the buttons, sometimes I use the screen, but I love the option of using either one. I usually opt for the buttons because the touch screen is unreliable and takes too much precision to get it "just right"4. The Tilt screen. It's so handy. I'm definitely going to miss that.That about does it for the Pros, unfortunately, the cons outweigh the pros.1. Lag: There's a dreadful lag on the touch screen, and when opening applications, and when closing applications, and when switching from portrait to landscape

I bought 8820 because of its GPS feature. However, this feature isn't free, it charges $9.99/month. The ads is misleading. Be aware!Also, I heard the wi-fi feature won't be supported by the least expensive "unlimited data" option. I don't know if this is true or not. Since I am using Enterprise package, it is probably ok. Didn't get a chance to test it out yet. You need do your research before purchase.

My phone does everything except make toast.  I think it might be able to do that too with the right software.It's all the bells and whistles, even gets Blackberry server stuff.Plus it has touch screen. ya gotta love touch screen. My thumbs don't hurt anymore.It is a little heavy and thicker but better to carry a little tiny tilt to the airport than a laptop.  This is a serious phone. You want toys get that poke in the EYE thingy.So far my phone gets all the good business stuff.

This is a great phone with a lot of flexibility both in download applications and Data Connection. However one major problem I have found has nothing to do with the Phone but with Insurance options. AT&T's insurance plan ($4.99/month) does not cover this phone and it may be difficult to find an insurer who will. If you have Renters or Home Owners Insurance, be sure that this device will be covered by it, or you may have quite a search to find some insurance to cover the replacement costs if its not covered by the warranty.

I have purchased a Tilt smart phone from AT&T.;The product almost works as intended, but the video is super laggy when switching from Portrait to Landscape and then back to Portrait.When try to use the camera the screen is really choppy making it close to impossible to get a nice shot.  When you finally capturer a good picture with the camera, it looks pretty good.The GPS makes this device very handy, just watch that battery meter you'll only get a couple of hours of use.There is no head phone jack so you can plug normal headphones in with out buying a special cord to do so.The video play back on the devices is also real choppy.  The company has stated that I did not buy a multimedia device and that if I need those features then I should buy a different product that they will come out with in the future for that proposes.  It's my understanding that video hardware acceleration is built in to the Chip, but HTC chooses not to utilize it or help to develop a driver that would help the speed of the device that I just purchased for 500+ dollars.I would give this phone a 4 to 5 star review if the video performance was better.  It makes it very difficult to use this phone when drawing new screens take 5 to 6 seconds to complete.AT&T;, please work with HTC to do something about the current Tilt users who are expiring problems with their devices.Everyone stay away from this product until the video has been fixed.

This phone was excellent. I loved it! After 5 weeks of use, I pulled the phone out of my pocket to put it on the counter and the screen was cracked. I called AT&T and they won't do anything for me. Be warned, this phone does not have equipment insurance available for it! If you spend all that money for this phone, and it breaks, you get nothing! So buy it, have fun with it, and never ever, ever, ever let anyone else use it cuz if it breaks that's it, it's all over.

AT&T; Tilt Smartphone (AT&T;)Basically it is HTC TYTN II phone model in AT&T; version called AT&T; Tilt Smartphone. There is a difference in hardware and price between these two phone models. Firstly Tilt is locked for AT&T; service and lacks front camera what means that this smartphone will not work as videophone - so apparently AT&T; is not prepared to provide such a service. There is substantial discount in price but whoever gets into this deal will  return this discount to AT&T; many times during 2-year service contract in monthly service fees. Which by the way will start at $80 plus a month to many times more depending on plan selection. In that sense while TYTN II as hardware is a revolutionary product, far exceeding any other smartphone model including Iphone in its advanced technology, when it comes to provided service not much can be expected except its high cost. Basically it will be valuable piece of equipment if the service is paid by employer for travelling, busy professionals which need constant access to internet. It is quite bad that this promising and so advanced technology will be undercut by unfortunate marketing decisions of AT&T; regarding provided costly service with so many strings attached. There is a huge market for this type technology but not at any cost. I would hope that Sprint, Verizon or T-mobile will take a second look at this smartphone model and implement their own marketing strategy not following quite bad example of AT&T; implementation. It does not seem to be difficult to do because they would meet huge market demand if they could offer variety of service plans starting with basic, competitive plan that could replace functionality of stationary, broadband access to internet which wouldn't cost more than traditional broadband modem access, assuming that provided customer service would be of that quality as t-mobile provides. Above it additional and optional phone plans would provide necessary revenues covering cost of implementation of this advanced technology, including videophone service. Otherwise as it stands now average user will have to wait many years before this communication technology becomes widely popular like currently cellular phones are. Technology is there, in addition common sense marketing is desparately needed.

This is my third HTC phone. All of the three phones had some manufacturing defects and had to be sent to HTC service center for repair. But Kaiser being most expensive out of the three phones looks like the low quality phone. First, the painting of HTC logo in the upper right corner (I own HTC branded phone, not AT&T; version) peeled of within two weeks. Considering that I always keep the phone in the pouch, this is just sucks. And now after about 2 months the Windows flag on one of the keys is gone also.Now about the bluetooth problems. Before Kaiser I had TyTN. And with Kaiser usable bluetooth range is about 3 meters. With TyTN using the same bluetooth headset it was about 8 meters.And of course, if I'd have known the video drivers are not included, there is no way I would by this phone.

I was lucky enough to hear that this phone had been released just days after I had bought the 8525 to replace a previous broken phone. There seemed to be some confusion with the AT&T; sales people, since currently with rebates it sells for less than the 8525 and some internal memo seems to have them telling customers that a different update to the 8525 is still coming. Make no mistake, this is the upgrade for the 8525 and it's a beauty! Since there's pretty good specs and basic data on what the phone includes on the Amazon product page, I'll just run down some improvements over the 8525:1. New sleek black casing. It's not as slippery so less likely to be dropped!2. When keyboard is out, you can tilt the screen up. This makes it particularly nice for watching videos on a plane or using as an alarm clock, etc.3. GPS built in. You can pay for the AT&T; Telenav...or just load on your own navigation software like TomTom. More on this later...4. Double the memory! One of my biggest issues with windows mobile phones was they had so much less usable memory on the device. I do tend to load a lot of applications and many I really prefer to run on the device, not on an external card. So yeah for this!5. 3 MP camera (up from 2) with autofocus. No light to use as a flash though (not that it was all that great anyway!)6. Dual processor and graphics accelerator for improved performance7. Windows Mobile 6Okay, so those are the improvements in a nutshell. Lets look at this sucker in more detail.First, the package from AT&T; is pretty bare bones. You get the phone, an extra stylus, screen protector, AC charger, USB sync cable, and the usual software CD with ActiveSync and user's manual. That's basically it! There's no case, no headphones, not even a headphone adapter. This device does support stereo bluetooth headphones, so a lot of people will probably get those instead, but to not even include a basic slip case? Pretty cheap for a device in this price range.The device itself is really pleasing to look at. The front is actually considerably darker to the eye than the photos on this page, more like a dark grey than silver, which I think is quite nice looking (see the photo I uploaded). The back does show fingerprints a bit, but it has a nice feel to it and is easy to gripe. The back however is rather challenging to get off. There's no release as on the previous model, you just have to use brute force. The speaker is on the back and can give pretty decent volume. Also on the back is the connector for an external GPS antennae (generally not needed unless you are in something like an RV).The keyboard is a full QWERTY keyboard, and fairly nice and tactile. Also has a nice light-up feature which can automatically detect light (or you can tweak to always activate). The number keys are colored grey which makes them easier to find and the blue switch key is completely blue rather than just having a blue dot. However, the keyboard slides out the opposite direction of the 8525 so if you used that phone, you may find yourself trying to slide this the wrong way all the time! This does also put the buttons and stylus to the left...not good for most of us that are right-handed. I also wish there was a way to lock caps and/or numbers on. You have to hold down their respective shift keys which really slows me down sometimes. Also, when fully tilted up, the soft keys at the top of the keyboard are very hard to press as they are somewhat under the screen.Now on to the buttons. There don't seem to be as many buttons on this model and they aren't as easy to customize in general. You have a dedicated Push-to-Talk button that won't let you remap it, frustrating if you never use this service. There is no longer a Comm Manager button either, which I really liked, to pull up my setting for bluetooth, wifi, etc. and turn them on and off. The internet and email buttons are now down at the bottom with all the other buttons. I expect some people will like this, I personally liked them being separate as I now often have to look to make sure I'm pushing the right button. It's not the greatest layout if you like to play games on your device. I do love the real scroll wheel (not a jog dial). Once you have a device with just jog, you'll know how nice true scroll is! The power button is really flush with the device and unlikely you will accidentally turn the device on while in a pocket or purse. Unfortunately this does mean it is not exactly easy to find that power button when it's dark out! Luckily sliding out the keyboard will also turn it on. By default the sliding makes a little chiming sound, but you can turn that off.Built-in GPS is pretty cool to have. It does take awhile to fix the satellites, there is a utility to help with that and others you can download for free. Once you have a signal, you can use it with TeleNav, something like TomTom or with various online free service like Microsoft Live or Google Maps. Lots of cool options to make use of this. However, if you want to use this to replace the navigation in your car, there's one big issue with this device, and that's the screen. It doesn't use a transreflective screen which makes it very difficult to see in bright light. This is generally not a huge problem for typical use, but if you want to use this in your car to do navigation, it may be too difficult to see from any distance if light is hitting it. You can turn up the brightness all the way but on a sunny day, you may still have problems. Make sure your navigation has spoken text directions or you may end up lost!The new camera does have the neat autofocus which you can lock on your subject before shooting the photo. It's like most phone cameras in that it is rather slow and can't handle a moving subject. For relatively stationery ones, it's actually fairly decent. Won't beat your digicam, but it's usable in a pinch.Now on to the operating system and software, this phone is using the new Windows Mobile 6. Not a huge different here from 5, biggest changes are in the messaging which handles Exchange servers a lot better, HTML emails, etc. Many people in the past used 3rd party products for email, WM6 actually does a pretty decent job with them now. It also has the new Windows Live service which lets you do instant messaging, maps, location searches, traffic, weather, news, etc. I've only just started playing with some of these features, but it looks really good. Just type in a location, search for something like a nearby restaurant and you can pull up not only the address and phone...but get directions and a map there as well! And yes, GPS is integrated. It's pretty cool. Other various MS functions like hotmail and IM are part of Windows Live as well. Pocket IE is still pretty crappy. I prefer Opera Mobile, but the free Opera Mini works pretty well for a lot of people as well.Now for the big negative...AT&T; bloatware. Apparently with all this free memory, they saw no reason to leave it for the user, instead filling it with all these extra paid-for AT&T; services and horrible game demos (time out in something like 1 minute!) Luckily there are a couple ways around this. You can soft reset the device when it starts loading all these extra apps on and skip over it that way. Or if you are a really savvy techie type like me, you can flash the device with the original HTC ROM which is much nicer than the plain AT&T; one. You do need to really spend some time learning how to do this and of course it invalidates the warranty. But you'll have a really slick device afterwards and a lot more free memory. It has a nice black theme that matches the color of the device and a really nice Today screen plugin. The dialer is much improved and easier to use as well. Google the xda-developers site for more info (again, not for the technically challenged!)I'm the type of user that plays around with a new device for weeks trying to find just the right combinations of addon programs and utilities to get it working just the way I like it. I've found all kinds of neat programs such as one that lets you configure all the buttons (adding commands for things like double-press or long-press) and another that lets you create custom profiles like a regular cell phone, but controlling things like bluetooth/Wifi being on and changing volumes, etc. Set your profiles to switch at certain times of the day or for certain types of appointments, there's so much you can control if you want to. I was hoping with the faster processor it would load up my Today screen a bit faster with everything I have on there, but it still takes awhile on the first load to render everything. Be careful though as all software does not support WM6 yet. I found that clock/alarm programs in particular did not play well with it.There's so much you can do with a Windows Mobile phone, I can't begin to list it all here. You can do streaming video (watch YouTube), use Skype or other VOIP services, even listen to your entire music collection from home using media sharing. Instant messaging, you can even use remote desktop! I even found a website that lets me stream my XM radio channels. Pretty amazing stuff.You'll definitely want to drop by the xda-developers Kaiser forums (google it) and check out some of the applications available there. Top of the list is the Kaiser Tweak which you install and run in order to adjust a lot of the somewhat annoying default settings on the Tilt. Top of the list is the often-mentioned issue with the screen turning off during a call. Run this app and you will never have that problem again. Various performance-related tweaks are available as well.Overall, this is a nice step up from the 8525 and with all the rebates currently available, a real bargain at that. I would highly recommend this to anyone that want to have a phone for doing web/email and maybe a bit more.EDIT: While I'm not able to change my initial star rating, hopefully these additional comments will get posted about the device. While I don't regret my purchase in the least, having used it now for sometime I don't have quite so glowing an opinion of it. If you read through my comments with this review as well as all the latest reviews posted, you'll see some of these talked about (problems with the speakerphone and BT, video driver issues, poor support from HTC.) I don't regret buying it at all, and find it still a great convergence device. But there are definitely some serious caveats that would make me hesitate to recommend it to new buyers.

(NOTE:  I'm coming to the end of my contract, and I see the Tilt is no longer available.  I plan on using my Tilt after my contract for its WiFi capabilities.  I was told at the AT&T; store that without the SIMS card, I couldn't use it; however, that is not the case.  There may be other ways to do this, but here's what I did: 1)  After taking out the SIMS card, I rebooted.  Once rebooting is over, I pressed the "red" telephone handset button on the bottom right, to get out of the warning screen; 2) I went into the wireless manager where the Bluetooth, WiFi, Airplane, and other settings are, and activated the WiFi; 3)  Next, at the bottom, I hit the "settings" button and clicked on the WiFi link; 4) At the top where the SSID: is, I typed in my Wireless LANS' name;  5)  At this point if you've ever used your Tilt with your WiFi LAN, it may immediately connect, if not, go to the "Configure Wireless Networks" page, you will see your network there.  Accent that network from others shown by touching your wand to it; 6)  Press "next" at the bottom left of the page; 7 ) Put in what type of authenication you use from the drop down list, and how incripted (my WiFi is Netgear "N," and It has WPA=PSK authenification and TKIP encryption if that helps anyone), and re-enter the Network Key," (there will be asterisks there, but usually they are different from your true key for security reasons.)  8)  Hit "Next" at the bottom and "Finished" at the bottom of the next page, and your Tilt will try to connect to the WiFi.  IF it takes a long time, and you are at home, move closer to the wireless modem.  Once it is connected, it is easier even from the dark recesses of your home.One other thing I learned from having the Tilt, and this is just good common sense:  every so often, clean-up the memory by restoring your computer to a certain stage.  I have two restore points on my Tilt:  1) One if the back to basics restore, and 2) Is a restore with all the bells and whistles, but before I began downloading a lot of programs.  Over time these programs begin to hog memory, slowing down the Tilt.)(NOTE:  It has been almost two months since I posted this review and I wanted to add a couple of comments.  First, I like this phone even better than I did two months ago.  The "3G" connection you get with AT&T;/Cingular is faster (for data) and clearer (for voice) than land lines sometimes.  I have purchased as an auxiliary charger/auto adapter one from Orion Products (http://www.amazon.com/Tilt-Retractable-Synch-Charge-Travel/dp/B000X9PLHK/ref=cm_cr-mr-title) that is less expensive and great for traveling.  Speaking of Orion Products, they have this aircraft aluminum case that I use, just in case I might drop this bugger, and it is really nice.  The case comes in black or silver.  With the case on and closed, you can still select programs, turn on and off Bluetooth, etc., very easily.  Whether you get an additional case, as I've done, or not, I'd suggest you play around with the Navigation controller at the bottom because it will save you several steps in going from one program to another.  The Mobile 6 software, and how it is configured, is really great.  When you select your contracts, you get to choose how you want to connect to them (call, text, E-mail, E-mail2, etc.), and it shows your most recent call.  Voice commands can be assigned to a contract, a program (like Excel), practically anything.  I have yet to have a voice command I assigned not immediately go to the right person or program.  Speaking of Excel, when I say, "Excel," it goes to Excel and shows me all the Excel files I have on the main memory AND the memory card, which didn't happen with my previous PDA/Smartphone. Oh, and the claim about being able to pair up to 6 Bluetooth devices.  Yes, you can.  I have mine paired to my house cordless phone system (in addition to my car's audio system), which makes life easier around the house because my Tilt is channeled through the six extensions I have at home, and I don't have to carry both when I'm working out in the yard (also, I can conference call, etc.  If you're interested in this feature, be sure to read my review of my AT&T; Cordless phone. Bottom line:  would I have purchased this phone again?  YES!)Before I begin, let me say that I agree with everything Ms. Sminkey says in her review of the AT&T; Tilt Smartphone, and she's done a lot more with it that I have, at this point, but I have three bits of advice that anyone who buys this phone needs to know:1)  If one of the main reasons you use a "smartphone" for is to make your life easier by keeping your contact information there in the palm of your hands, then you need to know that to synchronize your data between Outlook (I use Outlook 2007) and your AT&T; Tilt) you need to do the following.  Once you have installed ActveSync:  a)  Launch Active Sync, Go to the "Tools," select "Security" and uncheck the box. or b)  You can also select "Options" and then select "Security" and uncheck the box.  I have posted two images under "customer images" that can be viewed at the top of this product's web page that show how to do this.  When I installed ActiveSync, it had this box checked and none of my Outlook contact's information was uploaded.  This is a problem the AT&T; tech support people did not know about (BTW, I first had this problem with a Treo 750 that I bought a day earlier.  The AT&T; folks referred me to Palm's folks, who said they couldn't help me with AT&T;'s version of the Treo... which is about normal in this world.)2)  I bought my AT&T; Tilt at an AT&T; Store in Alabama.  The price they have here is much cheaper than what I paid, but they had problems with getting me a case.  So, I kept the case I had with the Treo 750 (UPC is 8-8806-380-607-0), which according to AT&T;'s website is actually the case they recommend for it, but let me tell you, it could be better because it needs a hole to push the phone "up" and out so you can easily answer a call.  There is a Palm case sold on Amazon that "looks" like it would do.  It isPalm One Treo 700 / 650 Pouch Leather Case.  Other cases that are similar in design have poorer reviews and their snap or magnet clasp scratch the phone after a few months of use.  I will probably have my friend down at the leather shop cut a hole in mine and stitch around the hole, but most folks probably don't know someone who can do this.3)  Setting-up the Bluetooth for the phone for my car's stereo link was very easy, but turning it on was a little different for this pocket version of Windows, since there weren't "on" and "off" buttons for Bluetooth on the main (today) screen.  Using "Start," then selecting "Bluetooth Manager," then selecting "on" is the easiest, but you can also use "Start," select "Settings," then the "Connections" tab at the bottom, and select "Wireless Connections," and tapping the Bluetooth screen (it is also a good idea to occasionally look at "Wireless Connections" just to make sure you don't have any connection on that you don't want on, and thereby preventing a premature low battery condition.While the [...] review goes into the features, here's a listing from the AT&T; site that gives you more of a checklist of features:Talk and send data simultaneously and combine up to six Bluetooth wireless pairings at once.The AT&T; Tilt(TM) is loaded with features including a 3 MP camera, music player,Telenav GPS Navigator(TM) support, and integrated Wi-Fi.Get the latest Windows Mobile 6 Professional device with a next generation processor for 3G fast wireless broadband connectivity and speed.Included Features* All-in-one device for simultaneous voice, data, and email* Large tilting touch screen, slideout keyboard and Wi-Fi* 3G fast wireless broadband connectivity and speed* Microsoft Windows Mobile 6 Professional with Vista compatibility* Go global with tri-band UMTS/HSDPA & quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE* Stereo Bluetooth 2.0 - Use voice, data, and accessories simmultaneously* Next generation processor for 3G fast wireless broadband connectivity* Music player, AT&T; Mobile Music, and Cellular Video capabilities* Instant Messaging - Yahoo!, AOL, & Windows Live(TM) Messenger* Sliding QWERTY keyboard with trackwheel for easy navigation* Microsoft Office Mobile - Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook* 3 MP camera with 10x digital zoom and autofocus* Multiple messaging capabilities - Text, picture and video messaging* microSD expansion supports up to 32 GB potential expandable memory* Integrated Wi-Fi (802.11 b.g) capabilities* Tethers to your laptop as a high-speed modem* Push to Talk capable for instant communication* Built-in GPS for use with Telenav GPS Navigator(TM)* Voice command and voice dialingOverall, this is a great phone, and quite frankly, an even better computer.  I have installed a 2 GB mini-SD card.  It doesn't have an earphone jack or stereo speakers but with the ability to have up to 6 Bluetooth pairings, you probably don't need them.FINAL NOTE:  I will be coming-up on my two years with the Tilt, and in some ways I miss it.  Since it has Wi-Fi, I will be using  it as another wireless computer on my LAN after I get another phone.  I did buy the attachment to plug into the USB for ear buds, so it may become like an Internet radio, or a way to receive E-mail at the sofa.  Next phone may be either the FUZE, EPIX or Blackjack. One thing I learned though, it is less expensive to buy through Amazon.com than my AT&T; store.

I have gone through 3 of these in the last year.  After about 3-4 months, for each replacement phone, the screen fades to white.  Once this happens, the hot keys stop working and you can not answer any calls.  Sometimes the touch screen still works, but if you  can not see what your touching what's the point.I love the internet and PDA functions, but the cell phone side is horrible.  It's hard to hear and the sound is distorted.

After owning for best part of a year, here's my updated review: Bottom line is I would not buy it again and I'm looking for a better alternative.Audio quality isn't great.Speakerphone quality is poor and as a result I never use it.Display is impossible to see in daylight.Often answers or cancells calls by itself without you knowing!! This may be due to vibration, or (as an engineer) I suspect poor electronic design. In addition, the many keys all over the body often result in inadvertant keypress when picking the phone up.Totally impossible and very unsafe to use when driving, you can't dial numbers without looking carfeully at the display and keyboard. There is a voice dial mode but it frequently doesn't understand the name I speak. Also voice dialling isn't accessible without going through the Start menu so useless when driving unless you reassign it to a front-panel function key (I sacrificed the web browser key for the audio-recognizer).From time to time, as is characteristic of Windows, it just freezes for a few seconds, very frustrating when wanting to make a call.Battery life is a little unpredictable. It usually lasts a day, but can go from having a close to full battery indication to being a battery-dead phone in a very short time.Locks up from time to time and requires battery removal to fix.Software features are not well designed. For instance, the QuickGPS utility automatically update it's GPS data for quicker GPS response, but it can wake you up at 4AM with bleeps when it fails to download data for any reason! In general, it's hard to navigate to features or to find e.g. where to alter settings or delete or stop checking email accounts.As a PDA:Much better than as a phone. I personally find I'm quicker with the stylus than the keyboard.Display is frustatingly slow at repainting itself after switching between portare and landscape (keyboard mode).GPS is great, it has no problem picking up 5-8 satellites even when downstairs in my house. Zoomed in on Google Maps I can move around within the house and see my position move on the phone. Having traffic conditions displayed is great, but my car's built in GPS is much much easier to use and the phone would be a very poor substitute as a naviation system. Like making calls, using this as a GPS navaigation system for driving is dangerous at best, and close to useless unless you have a tech-savy passenger operating it and looking at it for you!Stylus: Sometimes, likely because Windows has "gone away" for a few seconds, you find yourself repeatedly tapping or holding the stylus wondering why it isn't responding.There's a lot that's impressive about this device, but in the end I greatly miss having a phone where the phone usability and audio quality isn't so sacrificed.AT&T; supplied the unlock code without any issue (it took a few days to obatin it). You have to have a 3rd party SIM to insert to start the unlock process for this phone.

I got this device in replacement of my HTC TyTN, and was glad to finally have something that fits all my needs. However, I later became really disappointed by a number of issues it had in spite of great advertised features.The major problem with this HTC communicator is its sluggish performance. It is very annoying to work with it, since it constantly freezes up for a few seconds. Touchscreen often takes a while to respond, and sometimes it does not respond at all. All these issues came from the fact that HTC never wrote a driver for graphical co-processor, thus making the CPU handle the graphics, which slows everything down. An updated ROM was released later and although performance increased a tiny bit, the main problem was never addressed. Also, after updating the ROM a strange glitch came up -- the screen will just randomly light up in standby mode, thus draining the battery.The internal GPS is a handy tool. I never used pre-installed assisted navigation from Telenav, but installed Garmin Mobile XT instead. The unassisted GPS worked well in different parts of the world, although the receiver is a bit weak -- sometimes it would take up to 5 minutes to find satellites (especially during cloudy weather).The battery live is short, the device will only last 2 days without being charged. It dramatically decreases if you are actively using it, especially with GPS or Wi-Fi on. The best bet is to leave it plugged in whenever possible, overnight charge is a must.The headphones really lack a sound regulation slider (8525 had it), but have a nice 3.5 mm adapter, so it's easy to connect it to car stereo system. Micro SD port is covered with rubber plug, thus preventing the dust from getting in. I really liked that the SIM card slot is so much easier to access (you don't even have to remove the battery for that), which is very useful if you travel and need to change SIM cards a lot.The bottom line -- this device could be a great one, but hardware issues significantly decrease its rating.

first off, the rating is 1-star only because i can't leave it at 0. i got this phone over the iphone because of the lack of MMS and QWERTY keypad on the iphone. boy, that was a HUGE mistake. when i initially bought the phone, i had it for only a week and a half when major bugs started showing up. the keypad text only shows up half of the time and it was taking literally 10 minutes to open programs. no joke. then, it started freezing so badly that the only way to shut it off was to remove the battery. during this time frame, i had not downloaded anything that could have disrupted the phone in any way. needless to say, i returned this phone and got a replacement.the replacement phone was great...for a month and a half. that's when all the issues from the first phone started happening again. with this phone, i refrained from downloading anything, period. all i can say is that this phone sucks big-time.

We went through the wringer trying to get this phone, with the forward looking desire to link to our office outlook system, but we hate the phones!!! Both myself and business partner decided to "upgrade" (replacing his broken phone), and both of us have come to hate the way they work.Yes we can carry our whole office database with us, but you can't select anything with your finger, so you have to take the stlyus out, and as everyone mentions its slides out the "bottom" or to the "left" which is TOTALLY wrong for a right handed person. Then, and hopefully we just need to figure it out, but the handy wheel on the side doesn't take you to your call history, but a short list of 411? The call history should also be abbreviated, if I called the same person 9 times, shouldn't that be 1 entry, with a 9 in it?I also have not been able to figure out how to add a number to the address book? Menu> add new, would be my guess, but that's not it, and I haven't figured it out yet. (As an advanced IT guy, I should be able to figure out even something not apparent in a couple of minutes, but not so).I have to say that this unit has been a complete disappointment.As an AVID apple hater, I have to say that they really did get the iphone right. It was easy to use, insanely intuitive and pretty much a pick up and go device, which the tilt is most assuredly not. However with an entirely PC office, it really wasn't an option for us.I will also echo another users comments in that the keyboard has been pretty much useless for me. I have found that the on-screen keyboard and the stylus to be faster to use. The keyboard makes a good impression in the store, but I find I am constantly hitting the wrong keys, or double pressing them by accident on a bumpy road -as a passenger only.And lastly I will mention that the basic phone features are really lacking. The contacts "button" constantly shifts around depending on which screen you are on and the close/ok/dismiss/cancel/go back options are about as unclear as you can get. The keypad is CONSTANTLY disappearing, and the screen turns off once your call is connected, which is TOTAL pain in the A** when you need to dial an extension!!! Hello, this is like every other call that you make these days.All I can hope for is that I can get some third party software to make it better, otherwise we're probably gonna dump them. The internet and other features are nice, but it needs to be a phone first.The worst part is we read all the reviews, and no one mentioned any of this.Good luck to all of you....SEPP!

I'm writing this using the Tilt as my bluetooth modem with my Dell laptop...works great!...and it works just as well as my AT&T; (HTC) 8525 (still have that phone with my other phone number). At first I thought the Internet Sharing option wasn't on the Tilt, but it is. I just had to find it in the Windows folder (File Explorer, My Device, Windows, Internet Sharing-IntShrUI)...I made a shortcut for it and placed it with the APPButtons for easy access.Once you pair your phone with your bluetooh enabled laptop, with the phone you'll just select Internet Sharing... Bluetooth... connect... Then,with your laptop(Vista)...Go to Start, Connect to....set up a connection or network...connect to a Bluetooth personal area network (PAN)...click Next...select your phone...click Connect...and you're surfin' the Net.Overall, I love this phone, mainly because it is so similar to the 8525, which I still use, and that it works so well as a bluetooth modem (which was the main reason I got both phones). I pick up AOL and Verizon email, in addition to using it with AT&T; Navigator (TeleNav)and the 3MP camera is nice!I haven't had any issues of freezing with either phone as some users have had, nor any of the negative issues. One thing I did find that another user commented that she could not do...I found it possible: to keep the CAPS lock on be pressing CapShift+Fn...then start typing...it stays on until I press CapShift again.I'll admit it is a little strange having the keyboard move from the opposite direction from the 8525 but there is an option to keep the screen landscape and change from left hand user to right hand user, so that's nice (Settings, System, Screen). If you're accustomed to the 8525, change the landscape to LEFT-HANDED so the buttons are on the right.That's about it.BJ

I have owned this for almost a year now, bought direct from an AT&T; store.  I was looking for an all-in-one device that I could do work on (e-mail, documents, web) and also use as a phone and mp3 player, instead of carrying around 3 devices.Functionally, it does everything as advertised.  But, as you use it more and more, there are some very annoying things.  The display is very slow to refresh for example.  And, sometimes data connections just stop without any warning and you have to soft boot.  And, the most annoying, is the backlight won't stay on more than 30 seconds, no matter what the settings are!I have kept up with the official firmware versions, and it is clear that HTC and/or AT&T; are not committed to making things work.  I am waiting for the warranty to expire so that I can go install home-brew firmware.

___Beginning Remarks___I'll present this review in a simple manner, and list the pros and cons and observations in no particular order.__Review__The User Interface is very complex, and will take time to learn. Quite the converse if any individual is used to an apple product.This really isn't terrible, but you'll find yourself becoming aggravated for the first few hours of operation.Keyboard works well with texting. The keys are pretty crisp, and work well.There are a whole lot of buttons. You'll find yourself overwhelmed with the amount of buttons, i really appreciate the texting button which makes replying a snap.The Tilt is a bit sluggish at times. And the startup of the phone is painfully long, you'll find yourself turning on the phone in your pocket just to avoid looking at the loading screens.Battery life isn't all that great. It lasted me quite a bit, but it's really nothing special. This is a powerful machine and a shorter battery life can be expected.Syncing Music is simple, drag and drop is a god sent. I'd recommend buying a 2g miniSD if you plan on putting lots of music or movies.Touch screen really relies on the stylus,although one could use the scroll wheel, and fingers to text without using the stylus.__3 Cons and Pros__My 3 Main Cons,Battery Life (to short)Startup Time (much to long)User Interface (to confusing)My 3 Main Pros,Expandable MemoryPlenty Of FunctionsTexting is Superb__Conclusion__Overall if you can look past the main concerns, you'll enjoy this phone. The Tilt really takes some time getting used to, it's very complicated and not recommended for anyone challenged with technology.  I'd recommend it over the iPhone3G. Be a pariah, go buy this over the iPhone :]

I'll keep it brief and letyou know that I didn't heed the warnings.  I 'upgraded' from the 8525 to the tilt and what a huge disappointment despite the tilt screen.  I was excited about the integrated gps and the additional memory but the sluggishness and propensity to lock up ruined all the fun.  I am now back to using my 8525 and it is faster, the keyboard is better.  Skip this one and try the fuze or find a deal on an 8525.

Disappointing graphics and rendering.  I moved up(?) from the 8525 and have been less than thrilled with the video performance.  I don't use if for games or watching videos, you notice the lag with changing from portrait to landscape or when suing the camera.Otherwise acceptable but for now would not recommend buying this until/unless the graphics drivers are released or fixed.

This is a nice evolutionary improvement in smartphones.  This is my first AT&T phone, I have used mainly Verizon to date with a sampling of Nextel/Sprint.  The keyboard is fairly easy to use, I can type faster on this phone than any other I have had previously.  The phone dialer is not as good as the Samsung i760, mainly due to the i760 having a dedicated number pad.  I have also had the Treo 700wx.  I rate the Tilt better than either of those previous phones.  Two problems/annoyances:  the phone dialer will be sluggish at times when dialing by number of name and the data sync for email (I use a corporate Exchange 2003 server) will just not work at times requiring a reboot.  Otherwise the sound quality is good, works with stereo Bluetooth, mapping software is excellent and is otherwise powerful enough to run the software on the device quickly.

this was my first attempt at an att phone.  it had lots of neat options and the web worked well. Sadly as far as the "phone" funtions.. it doesnt work great. the sound was "windy" and it is very difficult to dial on the touch screen and a pain in the neck to open, turn and try to hit the right keys on the querty keyboard.  I also found it difficult to look at the screen for extended periods of time and a friend who is a "techy" had said the same thing... I am going to the blackberry world instead.  understand if you want only PDA functions its pretty cool. but you should get a separate cell phone for your calls. The man at the Att Store said its the biggest complaint about the phone.

The hardware on this device is excellent, as is the ATT service.  Unfortunately HTC chose to Not implement proper video drivers.  The video is slow and is significantly outperformed by 3+ year old devices.  When this issue was called to the attention of HTC (The device manufacturer) we were informed that they would not address the issue and re-iterated that the device delivered a "Rich Multimedia Experience".  Odd how they redefined Rich Multimedia to exclude video playback and good screen re-draw performance.  I'm a long-time HTC fan, but this experience is going to mean that my next phone purchase is NOT a HTC manufactured device.

i bought this phone in January and i was very excited about it.Pros-you can add your own wma. ringtoneskeyboard great for texting3.0 M pixel cameraonline is fast with wifi or servicebig touch screengreat for office userstilting screen great for watching videos.Cons-phone feater not to good.if buying this phone i reconmend u dounload the HTC home plugin. its GREAT. you can find it and other programs at [...]

This is the best phone I have ever owned! Extremly efficient in all aspects. Very user friendly with no problems or worries. I use this for everything it was made for. I own pretty much all the extras on the phone plan and accessories. Also, an 8GB sd card, stereo bluetooth headset, internet tethering for my laptop ALL which work excellent with my Tilt Phone. In my opinion the tilt Looks perfect, Feels Perfect, Performs Perfect, it is Perfect! 10.0 out of 10.0

I purchased the Tilt because of it's feature, specs, and capabilities. Everything on this phone is slow, non-user friendly, and often useless. To sum this "pocket pc"; GPS sub-par, menus and features confusing, wi-fi annoying, 3G speed more like dial up speed. The worst of it all is the phone kept crashing or freezing or stalling. Save your cash, if you need a new phone and have At&t I recommend the iPhone 3G you will not be dissappointed with the iPhone.

This is my second Windows Mobile device. I had a Blackjack prior to this and it was a nice phone as well. I had to get the telecom guy at my office to replace it because the screen was filling up with pocket lint so I got to replace it with a TILT.The phone is great. Everything runs very quickly. The full slide out keyboard is great because the Blackjack had very small keys. It has a huge display which turns 90 degrees when you slide out the keyboard.Out of the box the phone does almost everything already. It has GPS, full Office Mobile, media player etc. I use GPS with Google maps because I don't see the need to pay 10 dollars a month for the TelNav service. The phone has WiFi as well but I have not used it too much. The city I live in completely covered in 3 coverage so I never have the need to use Wifi but its a nice option to have when I travel.I did a few modifications to it and It is even better now. I added a DivX player to it. I turned off the Push to talk (PTT) button and replaced it with a voice dial button.Some people complain about battery life because it is a 3G phone. What you need to realize is any of the ATT 3G phones will eat up battery life. However if you search the net there is a little application you can use to allow you to turn off 3G and only use Edge which saves you tons of battery life and it won't effect you getting your direct push email through Outlook Mobile.Cons of the phone. There are not too many. I am not listing the pros becuase others have already done this and most people just want to know what is not so great about the phone.I miss having a true number pad. When you hit the call button the screen changes to a dial pad and you can dial that way. I know it is just a matter of time before I am completely comfortable with it.It is also a bit heavier than I expected. I went from a Razr to a Blackjack to a TILT and it is a big difference. Now it is not like holding a brick to your ear but you will notice the difference the first few times you use it.It didn't come with a case. This was a little annoying. ATT claims the phone is $599. For $600 bucks they should throw in a case that fits this phone perfectly rather than having to find one that does fit.Numbers while typing. With my Blackjack I could just hold down the number 4 and it would insert that into a message. With the TILT you have to make use of the fucntion button.Games - The phone has a bunch of demos of games installed but very few full ones. I think they should have at least put a couple full games on it. But this is not really a gaming phone.TouchFlo screen - I don't think it is really a con but the screen is hit or miss when using your fingers rather than the stylus. Sometimes it works great. Sometimes it doesn't. I almost always use the stylus but it is nice to not have to whip it out all the time.

After two years of use, the phone has started to power off by itself while talking. I have replaced the battery with a new one, thinking it could be a battery issue, but that did not solve the problem. The device has never been dropped or abused. It is almost as if a timer went off in the hardware to not work after two years of use. As other users observed, the phone's graphics drivers are buggy at best.

This is my first window's mobile phone and I'm hooked! I've had it for about one month. I love how the screen tilts. This phone is probably considered older model now but it is simple and easy to use, especially for first time users like me!

I've lived through all the bugs of each Windows Mobile version but the ones on this phone are more insidious than ever, particularly if you're a power user. I've had the phone replaced and the same problems are still there. Here's a few of them:- for no reason, the phone will shut off a connection option, such as bluetooth or PC tethering. Really annoying when you're driving and talking on you hands free and it just goes dead.- when you make a call, the power goes off on the phone - while some at the AT&T; store claim this as a power saving "feature" it's really annoying for those who want to retrieve voicemail or do any kind of keying after the call has been made- voicemail & text mail notifications are flaky - many times you get a vmail and never get a notification.- dropped calls - really bad. The phone often rings once and then simply stops. I've had other Windows Mobile phones on the At&T; network and never had the phone. Happens quite a bit.- underpowered - for anyone who is really using this phone as a business tool, it is really slow. Switching between calendar, contacts, tasks, etc is really painful. And, don't ever reboot the thing - it takes a good 10 to 15 minutes before it resumes it's usual response time. Prior to that, it simply locks up.- syncronization problems - some calendar items from Outlook won't syncronize with the phone, no idea why. Other times they go in for a while and then disapear. Really wierd and doesn't seem to be specific to any kind of calendar item that i can figure out.Very disapointing phone for what is supposed to be the latest and most powerful Windows Mobile. I paid full price for this but it is so, so bad that i'm seriously considering cutting my loss and getting something else.Caveat Emptor,Greg

I have bought this phone for myself and for my wife and using it already for almost 3 month.Well, since then I went tfrom liking it to completely disliking it and back to like it quite a lot.First of all I completely don't understand people, who give bad reviews only because it is too complex for them. May be the description for such devices should say something like pocket pc (phone adition). some people don't understand, it is really not the phone, it is the pocket pc with phone functionality. There are a lot of other devices on the market, which a purily phones, like LG devices or smartphones, like Motorola global or Samsung blackjack ii. Those phones much easyer to use, boot up right away and all other features, which some other reviewers miss so much and confuse other people with bad reviews.I will not repeat all pluses and minuses which other reviewers already described. I just would like to point one, very important thing. Since it is pocket pc, 2 things need to be done right away: Upgrade and Configure.Very important, install the custom roms, which other Kaiser users developped on XDA forums. It is like having a new phone all together. Those custom-built roms are so much better, more stable, cleanner, have all those missing features, which people keep asking from HTC and ATT and definitely not receiving. I know, from beginning it sounds a little scary, however believe me, it is not that bad, just do some reading and everything will be good. During my research of this phone and different possibilities I have collected some links to useful pages, if Amazon does not mind, would like to share with other people, may be will be useful for someone.AT&T; Tilt Site [...]XDADeveloperWiki - Kaiser FAQ [...]FAQ, Wiki, Stickies & Tutorials - Suggestions Welcome! [06-12-2008] - xda-developers [...]XDADeveloperWiki - HTC_Kaiser [...]

PHONE: This is my first PDA phone, although I've had several PDAs over the past 7 years without phone capabilities. Another review spoke about the difficulty of using this as a phone without the stylus, and I have to agree.  This is not a phone you'd want to use while driving.  It really needs larger on-screen buttons, more sensitivity to touch like the iPhone, and the screen needs to light up when touched. As it is, it blacks out seconds into a call and you have to press the green phone button to get the screen back on.I'm going to try the Microsoft Voice Command software to make the phone more usable on the road. The voice tags you can assign to each contact work great to initiate calls, but once you're in a call (like voice mail), it is challenging to use the on-screen keypad.INTERNET CONNECTIVITY: The high speed internet is as fast as a home DSL line, and it's great getting real-time Exchange email with all calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts synchronized! This phone will automatically back down to the slow EDGE data network in remote areas, but that seems worse than dial-up speeds (a good reason to avoid the iPhone until it can use the 3G networks).This device can also be used as a cellular modem with a laptop computer connected by a USB cable or bluetooth connection.  This is especially helpful if you have any "real" internet surfing to do, as it is very difficult to navigate most regular web sites using the 320x240 resolution screen.BLUETOOTH: Initially, the bluetooth connectivity with my Motorola headset and JVC stereo in my vehicle were abismal, however I upgraded the firmware (to Mobile 6 Professional (CE OS 5.2.1622) from the HTC web site which was billed to fix a number of bluetooth issues, and it did.  You'll definitely want to get that firmware upgrade installed.BATTERY: I am an IT professional, but I don't turn on this PDA more than maybe 6-8 times a day, and I'm a relatively light telephone user. Because I want this to pair with my car and headset automatically, I keep Bluetooth on all the time.  With that level of use, the battery fades to about 57% in a single day, so plan on charging this thing every night if you expect similar use.  The good news, is all the Motorola mini-USB connection cables and wall or auto chargers I owned from an earlier RAZR charge this device without a problem.  Gotta love standardization.The battery is removable, so it is possible to carry a spare and replace it should it ever start to lose it's ability to hold a charge.  Again, something I like versus the built-in cell on the iPhone.KEYBOARD: As a former programmer, I'm a fast touch-typist, and I chose the AT&T; tilt because the keys are far easier to type on - you can almost touch type - as opposed to the Blackjack or Blackberry units where a fingertip can easily cover two keys.  Still, you won't win any speed typing contests with this. Now that I've had the phone for several weeks, I find I still use the handwriting recognition built in to Windows Mobile 6 and it decodes my writing with amazing accuracy. If in doubt, go to an ATT store and try before you buy.AUDIO: Microsoft Windows Media Player works great, plays very good quality through my vehicle bluetooth stereo connection, but the device DOES NOT have a 1/8" jack for old fashioned headphones. You'll either need stereo bluetooth headphones with A2DP or some kind of USB to 1/8" adapter which I've seen advertized but haven't tried.SOFTWARE: Unlike iPhones which have a very limited application set (at least right now), the Windows Mobile PDAs have a rich selection of virtually any kind of application imaginable. The device comes standard with Word, Excel, and many other applications and games.  Some of the more interesting games and utilities are trial versions, however.MEMORY UGPRADE: This phone supports MicroSD memory up to 8GB, available from SanDisk and others.

This phone is cumbersome and tedious, the touch screen has a way of being too sensitive at times and I drop a lot of calls this way. At other times some interfaces become a total burden such as setting the alarm clock when tired and trying to hit the snooze button. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this.

I bought this phone on April 1, 2008 and on May 20, 2008 it just stopped working. I can't turn it on, it won't charge. Now when I plug it in a "red" light comes on. No where in the book does it talk about a red light. AT&T;  and HTC had no clue about the red light and just told me to BUY another Tilt phone. Are they crazy!!BUYER BEWARE!!!!!

First I have to emphasize: CONFIRM YOUR FEATURES/PLANS WITH ATT IMMEDIATLEY - they did not have the data messaging plans on my account and I've been hitting the Internet etc hard for the last week. I called customer service and they fixed the account and said that they would remove the charges when my bill comes out.As far as the phone, read Mary Jo Sminkey's review. I'll add that about a week in I had a problem where the OS froze (expected this with windows). I had to shutdown the phone after which it would not reboot. I had to remove the battery and replace it. Only then would it boot.After a week I've probably spent only a few hours doing research on the various apps/hacks to install. I've only added google maps and vtap so far (which is great). I plan on spending many more hours setting this up perfect. There's a ton out there for the phone.One more note, After you launch google maps, make sure to select "use GPS" from the menu - otherwise you'll get a best guess radius of your location from the cell phone towers. This threw me off the first day.

Everything on this phone is slower than it should be due to the fact that HTC chose not to include hardware graphics acceleration (something that is present on ALL other smartphones). As a result the graphics take longer to render on every single program you run, from email to web browser. It doesn't matter, it will run slower than it should due to the graphics problem.From what I understand this is something HTC can fix by releasing drivers for the 3D graphics chip on the units processor. However they seem to be ignoring the customers who purchased their product.Overall I am happy with look and feel of the phone. I would like stereo speakers and better bluetooth quality, but some of the tweaks I used helped the bluetooth.The phone runs a little better after you spend 20-30 hours on the internet researching it and tweaking it, but there is really no excuse for not having the 3D drivers.The GPS works good, however the GPS software (I've tried four different programs) has trouble rendering the screen and is choppy and sluggish due to the missing drivers.The camera is all but unusable due to the missing drivers, it has alot of trouble rendering the target and takes along time to process the picture due to having to do everything through software and having no hardware graphical support. The video it records is horrible and the audio doesn't sync due to the driver problem.An advertised feature, HSDPA,is disabled by default by AT&T.; You have to either have it show hidden files and dig deep in the windows file to find the program that turns it on and off that should be available in the settings area. Or you can search the net and find a utility someone wrote that enables it along with fixing other issues on the phone.Once the HSDPA is enabled, the speed is really fast if you are in a 3G area that supports it.So, at this point I would say avoid this phone until the company does the right thing and shows it cares about it's customers.

I purchased the AT&T; Tilt as a replacement for my Cingular 8125. Two generations later, HTC has managed to get a few of the design details nailed down.The GOOD:-The Tilt is an incredibly powerful device. A solid processor and a fair amount of internal storage are more than sufficient, and will feel downright speedy if you're upgrading from a cheaper handset. It's got pretty much every connectivity option you would want: 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, not to mention a built-in GPS radio. These combine to give you the power to do nearly anything you want to with your Tilt.-From a design standpoint, the keyboard still sports only 4 rows of keys, but the numbers have been rearranged. Rather than lining the top row, the numbers are arranged in a number-pad arrangement similar to what you'll find on your computer keyboard (the silver keys, if you look at the picture of the device). This makes it much easier to dial the phone 1-handed. Second, a scroll wheel has been added to the left side of the phone, making it much easierr to flip through menus and text/email messages. Third, and most obvious, the screen now tilts up at an angle. This does make it easier to type, or to watch video with the phone sitting on a table, however the two soft buttons are somewhat obstructed when the screen is tilted up. Not a big deal compared to the novelty of having a screen that tilts.The BAD:-Mediocre battery life. This is particularly true if you use 3G for data. You'll be lucky to make it through a day and still have a reasonable charge left. If you don't use data, switch off 3G entirely. If you do use data, download and install Bandswitch to terminate idle data connections to conserve battery life. This might get you two or three days of battery life. If you need more than that, you shouldn't be using a smartphone.-AT&T; Bloatware. I don't know why cell phone companies insist on bogging down powerful devices with useless apps. (Okay, I guess I do know why, but I would at least like to be given the option to add/remove the programs as I need them.) You can get around the bloatware by soft-resetting the device right after you set it up, before the AT&T; customization software kicks in.-Windows Mobile interface is garbage, and so is the HTC Homeplug. Try out SPB Mobile Shell. You'll never want to use another interface again.-Preconfigured to use MediaNet to access the internet. It's not exactly easy to figure out how to disable the Tilt from going out onto the internet either, and this could mean some surprise pay-per-use data charges ($0.01/kb if you don't subscribe to a data plan - that's about $40 to download a regular length MP3 file).The UGLY:-Reception bugs. If you spend an extended period of time in an area with no reception, such as a building with thick walls, your phone will not reconnect to the network even after it gets reception back. This annoyed me because I spend a few hours a day in a building with no reception, and even hours after I had left that building, my phone would show "No Signal". You have to manually switch off the phone radio and turn it back on to get a signal. Do a Google search for 'AT&T; Tilt no signal' and you will find a thread on the AT&T; Wireless forums about this issue. AT&T;'s solution is just to reset the phone every time. I feel that's an inappropriate solution to a widespread problem on a $500 handset.-Handset quality. Though the phone seems rugged and well-built (it probably could survive a reasonable drop), I've had to have mine replaced three times in 8 months. First time was for the signal problems, as I mentioned above. Second time was because my microphone kept cutting out during calls and the person on the other end would miss entire sentences, even though we were both in areas with full signal strength. The third time was because the warranty replacement they gave me lasted only two days before refusing to charge or power on at all. If you have to get the phone replaced 2 or 3 times, AT&T; does have the ability to switch you to a different model. My phone broke several days ago and had the option of moving to the Samsung Epix, Blackberry Bold, or HTC Fuze. Not wanting to be stuck with a Tilt when my warranty runs out in a few months, I'm moving on to the Fuze.ROUNDUP: The Tilt is an incredibly powerful device that comes with an impressive feature set. However, the device is plagued with problems that can make it intolerable for some users. I wouldn't want to be stuck with one after the warranty expires.

I got this one to replace a T-Mobile MDA (also an HTC device). This one is both slimmer and (in my experience) more reliable, although perhaps part of that is that AT&T;'s service has much better coverage in my area than T-Mobile does. I may be biased by the fact that my MDA would drop calls if you talked on it for five minutes or so (heat buildup, maybe) but anyway Windows Mobile 6 has a few nice ease of use improvements such as the icon to easily shut down or switch ro running programs from the Today screen. The keyboard is a huge improvement over the previous versions also.I've also found the GPS to be useful, in combination with the latest Google Maps app.

This thing is essentially more of a computer than a phone.  It comes with windows mobile and really is a lot like a windows interface.  There's something similar to windows explorer to get around to your files, you've basically got microsoft word, power point and excel available to you and you basically just open and close windows when using the phone.This is not a phone you will be using your fingers with a lot.  Most of the touch-activated objects on the screen are really small.  So the stylus comes in handy often.  It is a little hard to get to and in my opinion, is not stored in a very good corner of the phone for a right-handed person.  There are ways to do a lot of things with the buttons, but often times you will run into a dead end and have to take the stylus out.It takes quite a while to get used to navigating around the phone and after 4 days, I'm still having a hard time and I consider myself fairly technically inclined.  This is my first experience with a full QWERTY keypad and personally, I don't like it.  I much prefer being able to use one hand with predictive texting.  I'd recommend anyone thinking about getting a full keyboard phone to try texting with it a few times first.There are a wide range of features, which can be kind of hard to get to sometimes.  It's not a very intuitive phone and definitely more of a work device than a fun device.  If you are a technically inclined business person looking for a powerful work tool, this is it.  If you're looking for something cool to impress your friends with, this isn't it.Pros:Great picture qualityLots of featuresVery customizableCons:Camera take a LONG TIME to take a pictureIt's big and heavyMany tasks which are quick and easy on most other phones require many stepsGet used to using the stylus A LOT

I have had two cell phones, but was not happy with either of them. So, for weeks I researched cell phones. I read reviews and even downloaded manuals to see what the various phones would do and not do. I finally decided to try the ATT Tilt.Battery life: Several reviewers complained about short battery life. So, this was my first test. On day one I turned up the brightness and set the backlight to stay on longer. Then I played with it by going to every program and application. I also went to all the settings and played around getting them how I wanted. I also placed a few brief calls. Then I spent a while online using WiFi. I even took a few pictures. I put this phone through its paces for 6 hours and had 17 percent battery life left. The next day I completely drained the battery and recharged it to condition the new battery. Then I put it to work again for another 3 hours or more. I had 40 percent battery life on the second day after a full charge. Of course, if I had been on phone calls most of the time, I am sure that the battery would have only lasted 3 or 4 hours. Therefore, because of my experiences thus far I would rate the battery life as fair when compared to some other smart phones. For power users they do make an extended life battery available online.Camera: Many reviewers also said the 3mg camera does not take very good pictures. This is true. Even though there are some settings to help improve the picture quality, I found that it really did not help much. So, I rate the camera as average to poor.Performance: Again some reviews I read complained about screen refresh rate or lag. I found this does happen sometimes. The lag time can be from 1 to 4 seconds. However, there are ways you can minimize this. As with any computer, the more programs you have running the more memory they use and the slower the response time. Try launching a few programs then tap on the memory icon. There you will see how much storage you have on the main unit and SDcard. You will also see how much memory the programs are using. To help with response time touch the Quick Menu at the top right of the screen and close all open programs that you are not using. Plus, wait a couple of seconds for a program to fully load before you try to navigate within the program. Also, files such as MP3s, photos and documents should be moved to the SDcard to free up space on the device itself.Keyboard: I love the slide out QWERTY keyboard. It is much easier and faster to use than the tiny keys on most other smart phones. Of course, having a large keyboard means you have to use both hands which most users do anyway. I give this feature a very high mark for convenience and usability.Microsoft Mobile: Personally I love this system because it is like my home computer, complete with a Start Menu. I find it familiar and easy to use.Sound quality: Addressing some reviewers concerns about low sound when playing MP3s, this is what I found. There are 2 sound settings. One is for the ring tones and the other for the device itself. Tap the Speaker Icon on the top right and you will see these settings. I turned both of them up all the way and launched the music player. The sound was loud and clear. I set a Blackjack II next to it and found that the Tilt was actually slightly louder.Size: I almost did not get the Tilt because of the weight. Plus, it is a little thicker that most other phones. While in the ATT store I picked up a Blackjack II then a Blackberry then held the Tilt in the other had. The weight of the Tilt was a little more that either of the other two, but not enough to matter to me. Although, this might be an issue for some that want a smaller or lighter cell phone.Voice quality: While on a call I found the sound quality clear and loud. There is a scroll wheel on the upper left side that will adjust volume while on a call which comes in handy. I also handed the Tilt to someone and called it to see how it was from both ends of receiving and placing a call. The quality was better than my cordless landline phone. I rate the call quality as excellent.Helpful hint: When on a call the screen turns off in about 10 seconds. However, you can still use the Talk key to mute the call or End key to disconnect the call. If you want the screen back on, simply press the Power button on the upper right side of the phone. Or, you can use the Scroll wheel, but this will also adjust the volume at the same time. Also, when the screen is off in idle mode none of the keys will turn the screen back on except one. To turn the screen back on from idle either press the Power button or slide out the keyboard.Word and Excel: You can create and edit in these programs without Documents To Go. Then you can either import or export them to your computer or email them. This is a great feature.WiFi: I do not text or get online that much with a cell phone. But, when I do get online then this is the only way to go. Plus, I can save twenty or thirty dollars a month by not getting the data plan. I simply get online at home or in hotspots. I also disabled the Media Net so that I do not accidentally get on line and get charged a fortune for it.Today Screen: The home screen desktop is called the Today Screen on the Tilt. I did not like the looks of this desktop at all. For one thing there is a lot of wasted real estate that could be used. The European version of the Tilt is different. I found a free plug-in that is the same as the other version and installed it. There was no editing the register, you just click on the file then reset and that is it. Now, the Today Screen is fully occupied with great looking icons and shortcuts that you can customize.Navigation: There are a few choices when it comes to navigating. You can use the scroll wheel, the touch screen or the navigation buttons on the front bottom of the phone. I also found that I can use my finger on the touch screen 90 percent of the time and with very good accuracy. I seldom use the stylus.There are a few other features you can discover for yourself. I just strongly suggest that you read the manual and experiment with the different setting to see what all it will do. I have not seen a cell phone yet that was perfect, and the Tilt is no exception. However, if you are aware of the quarks from the start then you simply learn how to work around them. Therefore, if you want a cell phone that does it all then this is a device to consider.UPDATE: I only had my Tilt for a few days and it kept locking up when in standby. It would not turn back on by pushing reset or the power button. I could only get it working again by taking out the battery then replacing it. The phone would lock up about every 2 or 3 days. So, I took it back and got a brand new one and it did the same thing. I returned it for a refund because I have no use for a cell phone I can not depend on. Therefore, I can only say that my 5 star rating was for everything I listed above, and I stand by it. However, I have to give it 1 star for reliability.

I spent a tremendous amount of time shopping for a "smart phone" - looking at reviews on amazon.com, cnet, consumer reports, etc...I had previously used a Blackberry 8600 series, which I loved, but was excited at the prospect of using the office mobile products, having the touch screen and the camera.  I am not a genius, but I consider myself fairly tech savy.Despite all of the research and trying out different phones in stores, I now find myself exactly where I did not want to be - tied into a two year contract and an expensive phone that is of very limited use.Some of my problems with this phone, off the top of my head:1. It moves really slow.  I suspect that this is because it is bogged down with so much software (which i remember professional reviews mentioning too, but I ignored).2. Everything seems to take at least four "clicks" on four different screens.  For instance, if I want to get my email, even though I have it set to remember my passwords and log on every few minutes to check for updates and download all messages and attachments, I have to often first log on, wait for it to log in, wait for it to get headers, and then either tell it to get full message or sometimes it will get all the messages on its own. If one is reading an email it does not download internet pictures on its own.  In order to get internet pictures you have to click on the button that says internet pics were not downloaded and then click on the next link that comes up that asks if you want to download the pictures now.No, I just clicked on the first link for the heck of it, because I have nothing better to do than to validate the shortcomings of this electronic gizmo.3. It is very hard to get a signal - the phone is so-so but for the internet (including getting email) 1/2 the time it is stalled out and I have to shut the thing off before I can start it again.On the plus side, this phone got me so fed up with windows-based products that I bought a MacBook Pro last week.  It is GREAT! Now I am just saving my pennies for when the new iPhone comes out.

I bought this phone as I decided I finally needed a combo unit so that I could stop carrying both a phone and a palm. I didn't want a blackberry because the programs I need (epocrates - medication, lab tests and diagnosis lists) doesn't work on blackberry. Pretty much the program only works on Palm and MS mobile platforms.  I was initially nervous because of the mixed reviews, but I can say that so far I am exceedingly happy with the Tilt!For a palm user, the set up is different enough that you can become frustrated trying to do things because it doesn't seem very intuitive. However, once I decided to actually read the instructions VIOLA! Everything worked perfectly and easily. SO! Absolutely read the instructions before using it - it may seem intuitive initially, but you will be frustrated by little differences that you can't figure out otherwise. All of my initial difficulties were user error, so if you're having issues I'm going to bet you still haven't read the instructions :o)Like other commentary, I have found that the battery seems to increase in life as the days go by. The first day or two I had to charge it overnight, then after that It would last with a full day of use (both as a phone, browser use, and checking emails) and through the night and into the next day as well. (I've had the phone a week and it still seems to be increasing in battery life...)My only complaints about the unit are:1. The display page keeps flipping to horizontal w/o my telling it to do so. I'm thinking it likely that I'm bumping it somehow with my case since it's a touch screen.(I have the AT&T; Tilt Designio Leather Case, Horizontal Flip Cover which I also ordered off Amazon and I really like...) There is an icon on the "today" screen which you can touch to flip it between horizontal and vertical, so I'm pretty sure it's getting bumped somehow. I'd like to remove the icon so the unit stays vertical except when opening to reveal the keyboard, but I haven't figured out how to do that.My palm had the safari browser and I will say I liked that better than the one with this unit. With safari I could see an entire webpage in miniature. With this one, you only see a section of the page and have to scroll across and down both to find what you seek. Other than those issues I absolutely love the phone so far!A few tips on things I found helpful: (esp. for google, gmail, and epocrates users)1. Absolutely get the unlimited data plan! It's great that I can access the web anywhere and not worry about finding a wifi hot spot! You don't really even need wifi with the unlimited data plan.2. If you use gmail, don't bother with the program the unit has for checking email. The google/gmail "mobile version" of gmail is far easier to use and it automatically senses you're on a handheld mobile unit and delivers delivers that very easy to use format to your tilt.3. If you use google calendar you will likely need to synch google to outlook, then outlook to the tilt - I haven't seen anything that will do a direct synch between the two. As far as programs to synch google calendar to outlook, I use companionlink's conduit and it works nice and smooth. If you set it up to synch on a schedule each day, then it's no big deal to synch with the tilt and keep everything relatively updated with all relevant info.4. If you use epocrates, the program for the MS mobile platform is great and it automatically updates its-self wirelessly through the phone data link each day - nice and smooth with ever current information at your fingertips. It's also great because you can access the web & email within the hospital setting as needed. (Now that many facilities are limiting access to their intranet only)5. If you get the divisio leather case the clear part goes over the keyboard and the tilt screen slides OVER the plastic. I initially was trying to squeeze the whole thing under the plastic and couldn't figure out why it wasn't working.So, my take home message would be:Great phone with great web access and usability. Get the unlimited data plan with it and also read all instructions to prevent frustration with initial usage.

I was between the iPhone and the tilt.  I'm so glad I went with the Tilt.iPhone Pros:Web Browser - The safari browser on the iPhone is nice.  You can get Opera for the Tilt and get browsing very similar to the iPhone, but it's not quite as nice, although it will download faster than the iPhone if you're in a 3G area.  Not a big deal for me since I don't surf much on my phone, but I use my phone as a modem for my laptop - see laptop tethering below.Real headphone jack - There's an adaptor for the tilt, but it's not included.  I don't use my phone as my music player anyway.  i have an ipod.  8GB isn't enough for me.Tilt Pros:Built in GPS, great for Google maps and Microsoft Live search.  Actually shows you where you are and you can search for things near you.  I travel a lot and the GPS takes a minute or two to find you when you move large distances.  Once it's aquired you once in a town, it's usually like 5-10 seconds.  I'm not a big fan of telenav and wouldn't want to use my phone as my primary GPS for driving around.  There's a program you can buy that will secretly text you the GPS coordinates of your phone if someone steals it.3rd Party apps - tons and tons, including apps that make your tilt look and act like an iPhone.  Many apps are free.3MP camera - is actually quite good for a camera phone.  I've emailed pics to people and they were amazed it came from my phone.3G - awesome.  This phone is fast on the 3G network. Downloading files/attachments is a snap.Laptop tethering - the unlimited data plan is a must if you travel.  Many people don't know you can use your phone as a modem for your laptop.  Can't with iPhone.  I don't pay $10-15 a day anymore for internet at hotels.  If I'm in a 3G area, I average about 700-900kbps speed, very fast.  Just USB to your laptop and turn on Internet Sharing.  Airports, hotels, in back of cab, city park.  And your phone charges from the laptop the entire time.Real Keyboard - I tried the iphone keyboard.  I have big hands and big fingers.  Didn't work that well for me, even with the 'smart type' or whatever the iphone has that autocorrects.  You can't really autocorrect web addresses or usernames/passwords.  Having a real keyboard is nice.Replace the battery - can't do that on iPhone.  Well, I guess you can send it to apple.Upgrade Storage - go greater than 8GB.  Takes MicroSD cards.  I believe up to 32GB support.

Great deal offered from Amazon on the Tilt. It is heavier than other PDAs and this factor I like; since I drow PDAs and phones alot.  I've only drop this one once since I have owned it and it is working fine.The fact that it gives you the option of the styles vs keyboard is a feature I love.

I bought this phone in March 2008 like many other reviewers who wanted a PDA and phone combination. While it looks great and does have a slide out keyboard, this phone has serious issues. I agree with many here, it is slow as Hell. If you needed help or have an emergency, your are out of luck. It takes forever to boot up. Of course, leaving it on drains the battery big time. I had my phone synced to my computer and bought a few apps for it and this slowed it down even further. It got so bad, I had to completely reset the device, wiping out all my info. I stopped syncing it and had to ditch some apps I really liked because the Tilt had issues with them. The Internet looks horrible on this phone, it is slow even with a 3G connection and I don't bother with the Wi-Fi. I won't play music on it. Call quality is also not great. I use a Jabra bluetooth which makes calls sound much better and clearer than the phone itself. The lag time for opening anything is far too long. It takes what seems like an eternity for the Windows Mobile system to open apps up. I had used Motorolas, (hated those), Nokia (loved them) and this was the first HTC phone I have tried. It will be my last. I have an iPod Touch which I love and now want an iPhone. The Touch is easier to use than this. The Tilt is too overpiced for how it (does not) perform. While it has a lot of features, getting to them and using them wastes time that you are supposed to be saving. If I had known then what I know now, I would have never have bought this phone. It only gets 2 stars because of the screen keyboard and Office Mobile apps included. I was extremely disappointed in how this phone operates. If you are thinking of purchasing this phone, DON'T Bother, there are better phones out there.I am going to revise my review to note a few things about how this phone works. After having tried a new Nokia N96 and its annoying menus and buttons, I actually found myself missing some features of the Tilt. The Tilt will allow you to directly access features by both screen touch and stylus. Connections to the Internet may be slow, but it will use the best option available without bugging you. The Internet does not look as good as it does on an iPod Touch or an iPhone. The buttons on the face do light up and are easy to see quickly and the keyboard is helpful. Navigation is better than I orginally thought.  It is not enough to change my rating or suggest purchasing it unless you really want a PDA more than a phone. The Tilt does have strong PDA features, but it does run under the Windows Mobile interface. Apple has it beat with the Touch and the iPhone.

Final Update (January 31, 2009):  After several months of locking up, resetting, losing my entire contacts list on multiple occassions, etc., I am losing my sanity.  Occassionally, the phone will turn off all sound.  I was in the middle of a call while driving and suddenly it went silent.  The other person could hear me, but I could not hear the other person.  I thought it dropped, despite having a strong signal, so I ended the call.  I immediately called back and could still not hear the other person.  I reset the phone and it still did not work.  I thought the bluetooth went dead, so I pulled over and tried a call with the phone, but it was still silent.  I checked the sound settings to discover they were disabled.  I re-enabled the sound settings, and it began to work again.  However, this scenario has begun to repeat itself multiple times per week.The best advice is to avoid this phone.  I am considering paying the price to switch phones.  I momentarily thought about reselling my Tilt on eBay, but it would not produce a happy customer on the other end.Here is another update.  The operating system on the phone has become corrupt.  Everything quit working.  I have had to do a hard reset and lost the contact numbers that I entered.  I also lost all of my favorites I saved on Internet Explorer.  I would recommend avoiding a Windows-based smartphone.  Users I have talked to with the Palm, I-phone, and Blackberry have not had as much trouble with their phones as those with Windows-based smartphones.  I am considering buying an aftermarket Blackberry or Palm phone to replace my Tilt.This is an update to my previous review.  My initial experience with this phone was extremely negative.  There were multiple updates to mobile Windows that locked up the phone.  I had to do a hard reset to the phone several times before the updates were successful.  On my initial sync with Outlook, it deleted all my contacts rather than downloading them to the phone.I continue to have problems but have discovered that other smartphones have simlar problems.  Since I need to have a smartphone with email and Internet access, I decided to keep the phone.  My colleagues that use Blackberries, I-phones, and Palms all have trouble with the phones locking up and need to be reset.In normal usage, I usually have to soft reset the phone at least twice a day.  The phone application has crashed multiple times while driving on the California freeways, so I had to pull over to reset.  In my business, it is very painful when the phone quits working.  The bluetooth also crashes often where I have to reset.The main reason I chose this phone is the keyboard.  It is extremely easy to use the keyboard.  The keys are large enough so you do not hit the wrong keys.  However, the touch screen buttons are always too small to use your fingers.  I chose a phone with a touch screen so I could touch the on-screen buttons with my fingers.  I have discovered there is a fix for this, but I have not yet installed it.  The fix is using the HTC software rather than the ATT software.  For some reason, AT&T; decided to shrink the on-screen buttons.

I just got this about two weeks, is pretty good actually.The only complaint is the battery little bit suck!!! Really-really take long to charge it, about 3 hours and last maybe one hour if you use it a lot like I do use intenet or game for my daughter.If the battery last longer, I could give 5 star. Sorry!But the phone is good.

Overall the phone is great!!! Amazon.com is amazing for making this phone afordable. I was in the market looking for a phone with touch screen and keyboard capabilty. I found it in the At&t Tilt available only to At&t subscribers. This is a amazing phone and I thank amazon.com daily for there remarkable prices. I am now able to get email in and out of work, search the web, take brilliant pictures using the 3X mega pixel camera. Awww man I can go on for hours telling you what this phone is capable of doing. In my future purchases I would highly recommend using amazon.com. The At&t Tilt is a thing of natural beauty!!!

The title says it all. My old Cingular 8125 runs faster than this.If you like gaming with your PDA, good luck in finding a game that runs smooth.You also get random freezes with Windows Mobile 6. I have tried flashing different ROMs and I got the same problem.Not sure if HTC will release some decent video drivers soon.

Purchasing this product was the worst cell phone decision I have ever made.  First warning should have been, that AT&T doesn't offer insurance on their own product, therefore proving they don't believe in their phone.  I owned the phone less than 2 weeks, when I accidentally knocked it off a table approxamately 12 inches off the floor.  The touch screen cracked and not even the warranty covers the cracked screen, since they consider this abuse.

I've tweaked mine and added 3rd party programs, but you can't get around the fact that it's pretty darn hard to make a simple phone call without the stylus, and it's especially frustrating to use the keypad for call options (e.g. voice mail) once your call is connected.  This just plain sucks.Basic phone call operations turn into a two handed procedure, pretty dangerous when you're on the road.After 5 months with this phone, I'm really missing a phone that has a keypad.  I've gone back to my Nokia 73 and will continue shopping for a better Windows Mobile device...

The hardware aspect of the Tilt is outstanding.  The bloatware that ATT puts on it needs a diet.  After trying several versions of Windows Mobile 6 that are on the Tilt (HTC TytnII/Kaiser) which have been "cooked" (customized) by individuals, and settling on one, I enjoy using this device for everything.  If you purchase one, google "XDA Developers" and see what people are doing with theirs.  Your imagination is the only thing holding you back from making it an extention of you.

I had the 8525 before, and have kept it as a 2nd phone.  It was perfect except it was short on RAM for my large phone database linked to Act!.  The 8925 more than makes up for it with double the ram.  But several differences are worth pointing out:- In making it a slicker looking phone the 8925 lost all the wonderful side buttons on the 8525, and some of those retained are so flat against the side that they are hard to press - the phone start/stop buttons are smaller and much harder to read and locate.  I keep missing calls because I can't find them.  The wonderful buttons at the top of the 8525 are removed, probably because when you pulled the phone out of your pocketone would frequently find you'd been on the internet draining your battey. The upside was that they were very easy to find with your fingers without having to look. The AT&T; forums are always quite helpful and I had found a hacker code there to deactivate the Push To Talk button on the 8525 and reprogram it to another function. Hopefully someone will do something similar for the 8925. Reprograming the Push to Talk button on the 8525 gave me the critical buttons I wanted:  email / Internet / camera / voice speed dial/ and data connection.  On the 8925 I'm 2 buttons short- I have been keeping the 8525 and 8925 side to side  to test the antennas, as I am in a marginal coverage area. They are close but the 8525 wins in my view.- The keyboard on the 8925 is perhaps easier to use, but I liked the feel of typing on the 8525 better.- The 8525's deafening start up AT&T; flash screen is now at an acceptable level.- the 8525 batteries don't work on the 8925. The charger stand does, but you can't charge the spare battery on the old stand, so count on another $100-150 more in accessory costs.- the CNET interview talked about a tinny speaker.  Tip: the speaker is on the back. turn it over and the sound is much better.  It gets tinny at top volume but it also is louder than the 8525.  Put on the earphones or use bluetooth to run it through your car speakers and the sound quality is just great. (buy a mini-usb to traditional MP3 player converter on the internet).- it has a plug on the back to attach an external GPS.  The 8925  has an internal GPS but it only works with the $10/month AT&T; system  - a bit of a bummer for those who don't like to carry around multiple gadgets.Last, I recommend buying a mini-USB plug headset with the phone.  I could not find them at local stores and had to order it on the internet.Despite it's plusses and minusses, the additional RAM is worth it.  I just love this phone!

when i was researching this item it looked great like an i phone plus... after h aving it a few days i have had numerous problems with it. foremost it doesnt stay in service for more than ten minuetes at a time. the screen is sluggish and sometimes doesnt respond at all. it does have really cool features with its wifi and the micro sd card thing is great for info, if you can get it to sync to your computer. now i have to drive to the store and ask y i cant make a phone call or text my friends on my brand new state of the art smart phone.

As many other reviewers have said, the phone lacks proper video drivers to use the chipset resulting in very poor screen and video rendering.Also, this phone has very poor speaker phone and bluetooth performance. I know I cannot use the speakerphone on my tytnii even though the phone is advertised as having such; do not know if this is a hardware problem or software problem; but  even for users who have returned there phone for replacement under warranty, the speaker problem remains (one user returned his phone 3 times in attempt to resolve the speaker problem; and each time the problem remained).Also, it should be noted that the video rendering problem is for any HTC phones that use the msm7xxx qualcomm processor; thus include the touch as well as other htc phones...do your research first; in general, be wary of any htc based phone based on msm7xxxxxx qualcomm processor as so far htc has indicated that no fix will be coming for "any existing" devices.  (many are rebranded: ie: htc tytnii is also called the atandt tilt, the htc touch is also known as the sprint touch)

I like the device. I came back to a Windows Mobile device after owning the iPhone for about 6 months. I found that I missed some of the applications that can be installed. I must say, I do miss my iPhone. Perhaps after their 3G version comes out next month, then maybe that will be the version that allows you to install apps. In that case, I will switch back in a heartbeat. Don't get me wrong, the AT&T Tilt is a good device. However, it is very sluggish in comparison to the iPhone. Also, the iPhone's browser is King! So I guess the Tilt will have to hold me over for a few more months.

The AT&T; stinks as a cell phone. Calls are easily put on hold in error or lost with no input from the owner causing the problem. The virtual keyboard feature blanks out after seconds no matter how many times youAT&T; Tilt Smartphone (AT&T;)try to change the settings.  The cell phone stinks for phone calls, gets an "F", but the Medianet connection is fast and very good, and the pda aspect is good and has a reminder alarm. It is a good portable internet access device/PDA, but the cell phone needs improvement. It was priced higher pre Xmas and I want a refund on the difference. AT &T; is a lousy service provider and I would not recommend it.

This barrage of negative reviews is brought to you by the lynch mob at xda developers. To qoute the first post - "Lets help our campaign by writing a bad review of HTC Kaiser here (Amazon)" - and another - "Good idea to get everyone to post bad reviews"

I LOVE this phone!  It is so much better than the iPhone!  First of all, I can replace the battery with a fully charged battery whenever it gets low.  (And I use my phone quite a bit!)  I also love that I can link it to my satelite dish at home to watch HBO, Disney channel, along with all of the standard channels.  Of course, that's one of the reasons I go through so much battery power!  The full Office Suite also comes in handy.  My laptop fried and all I had to work with was this phone.  I was able to write, save and print out recipies, take pictures, surf the net, bid and pay on ebay, etc.  I don't have to settle for a limited internet experience.  I could do the regular text thing, but why when I can do my regular e-mail thing?  I also really like that I can expand my memory with a memory chip.  I save everything to the chip and then transfer the chip.  It makes back-ups a breeze!  And while others are having their cars broken into for their GPS units, my phone uses Google Maps and its internal GPS and it is always on me.  No need to worry for my car!  What a great device!  As far as the bloatware installed by AT&T, there are people who can take care of that for you.  I found a person on ebay who "pimped" my phone for a very reasonable fee and now everyone who sees it wants one!

This phone is the absolute worst phone I have ever owned! I have had it for 5 months and the only thing that does work is the touch screen and it is sketchy. Do not buy this phone!

It is a piece of crap.  Today it stopped reading my SIM card.  It would read it for a short time then stop and finally it quit all together.  Couldnt receive or send calls or txts.

I have a friend who bought a similar product from HTC and didn't like it as well as his Blackberry.  I was worried about my purchase, until I received it.  I am a tech-junkie and it has more than enough things to keep me busy.  I have custom ringtones for all of my friends.  I use it to stream audio.  I have also used it to connect with a Slingbox to watch television.  I have started to play with the GPS and I am enjoying that.  I have downloaded a book reading software (Yanceyware) and I have been using it extensively.  I just see so many things that I can do with only one device, instead of having an Ipaq, a cellular phone, and a GPS.  I have them all rolled into one device

Before making this review I wanted to be sure of everything on the HTC kaiser(tilt).I was in the market of looking for the ultimate smartphone and i found it with this phone.This phone has it all and I'm so happy with my purchase. i got it on Amazon for free after a 50 dollar mail in rebate. Its actually more of a pocket computer with everything it is able to do.This is more than a phone and can do so much and i'm serious when i say that.With the phone is pretty decent and does a good job.This has windows Mobile 6.1 OS so you can sync it with your computer.I also downloaded a phone dialer that i can use my fingers to punch up the number or from your conatc list. With the sync software you can also do your calendar and have alarms go off for important dates.This also has built in GPS which is nice when your traveling out of town.AT&T; has telenav (which they charge a fee). But there plenty of free GPS programs you can use as long as you have a data plan.I use google maps and am pleased to say that I am happy with that. It'll lock into your postion and lead you to wherever you need to go.The internet on this is where it really shines and its fast.It has internet explorer on the phone but I highly reccomend downloading mini opera. its a much better browser to use, and you'll appreciate surfing the web with it. Its actually a browser designed for cell phones.A great download that compliments the kaiser (tilt) phone "Live search" off the  msn  website.This will let you search, check weather,dining places,gas prices,GPS, directions,maps and so much more all on one webpage.I actually  surf the web when I'm out of town for restaraunt phone numbers for carryout. Also if i need directions I don't need to ask someone just punch it in the web on google maps or live search and it'll get me there.If you have a data plan as well you can tether it with a laptop and use it as a modem. i have never done this but I know it can be achieved. This also has instant messenger which looks nice but i have never used it on the phone.You'll really appreciate the rich features for text messaging. you can punch it in with the stylus.I actually prefer to slide out the phone and use the  keyboard.Its a full keyboard and the keys our decnt sized even for my big fingers,lol.You can also attach pictures,or audio in your text message as well.It has built in WIFI so if you don't have a data plan you can tap into wireless internet at a business or other public places.The great thing that I like about this  smartphone is the 3 megapixel camera. It takes real good pictures for a camera phone, and its great for the quick capture moments.I had a motorola razor before with a 1.3 mgapxel rating and it was OK- but have a better camera means a difference between a good & bad picture.Its loaded with a lot of features with the camera as well. You can use the automatic settings or set it up yourself manually. It has a video camera as well, which is decent.Its not really made for any type of fast action material but for that quick capture moments its a nice thing to have.You can play your MP3 files through this as well- and with a big storage card you can hold quite a few songs.I use a scandisk 8gb card and it holds a whole lot of songs.With freeware on the web, i am able to convert  you tubes to play on my kaiser(tilt). The external speaker sounds decent but I reccomend a paid of headphones.I hear you can do bluetooth headphones but i don't own a pair. By the way this is bluetooth friendly and is pretty advanced in that dept.I mean if that isn't enough the internet is full of freeware programs that you can put into for free. Some of my favorites our  tippy,HTC customizer,HTC tweak software & trapster mobile.Theres also an abundance of  shareware that is endless if you need that certain software for work or fun.I have heard complaints about battery life and true enough  it can run low at the end of day.The GPS & internet will really draw out some battery life & i hear the bluetooth can do it as well. You have to look at it this way, to have a  powerful smartphone of this caliber its a sacrfice. There our things you can do though, of course charge any chance you can.If you go online they have free tweak software(donations accepted), that will help the performance of your kaiser & the battery life. I installed this I can see the difference.Charging my battery is not a big deal because if gets that low- i have an home adapter & car charger. And it charges pretty quick anyways, so its really not an issue. You can change some of your setting as well like your backlight & turning off unneeded stuff like wifi & bluetooth.The downsides I see to this phone if I had to say any negatives,is syncing with  the software. i have had some issues sometimes getting it to sync.Its heavy than a lot of phones but if you were using a blackberry its about the same.Well it was pick  between  this & a blackberry pearl 8120.This smartphone does it all and its fun to use. I feel i made a good choice and i'm very happy with the kaiser phone.HTC has made a great smartphone,and i truly believe it is "the holy grail of smartphones"AT&T; Tilt Smartphone (AT&T;)

After reading the reviews (good and bad) I decided to take the plunge and get the Tilt. I sure am glad I did!  The phone is awesome! Sound quality is great. Picture quality (for a phone) is awesome. Plenty of programs to keep me busy. The only down side to it is the size. But I have hardly even noticed it in my pocket.  And if you want to use any of the really special programs (games, internet, etc.) you have to pay out the nose for it.

This device is jam-packed with useful and innovative programs and anything you would need on a phone. But what is the point of having these tools if you hate to use them?I got the Tilt as a Christmas present, and I was thrilled. I had heard about all that things it can do, and about it's touch screen and keyboard. I thought this would beat the iPhone hands down. But of course, after the month of which you have to return it, I hit the problems. The phone part of the device is HORRIBLE. If you were ever in trouble and needed to make an emergency call and FAST, you're done for. If you choose to use the touch screen to dial, then you must take out the stylus. It sounds like a stupid complaint, but when this is mandatory for EVERY call made, it begins to itch. Once you have your stylus out, you must press each button, which are surprisingly small for the size of the screen. There is a MAJOR delay for the phone to process the key you pressed, in which time you have no idea whether or not you pressed it, and go ahead and press it again. Pop. both numbers come up, and you must delete one of them, and repeat until you have your number. The delay goes for the keyboard method as well. Very, very disappointing.The infamous delay happens with anything you do to the phone. And I mean anything. The interface is painfully slow, not smooth and perfect like the iPhone. If you decide to use your finger for the touch screen, you need to use your nail, because it responds only to a hard surface, and because you wont be able to press the tiny little buttons. The phone itself is chunky and heavy and unattractive. The iPhone just had a price drop, and the extra money for the plan is worth it. Do not buy this phone.

I don't own this yet but I am ordering tomorrow (Amazons price is unbelievable!).I have a question, and if no one answers it I will update this when I find out for my self.I play to get this along with an HP H470wbt (Bluetooth mobile printer). I am hoping that I can Bluetooth Pocket Excel and Word files directly to the printer as well as email. Has any one had any luck printing via Bluetooth to any HP Bluetooth printer?Any places you recommend for additional software, any tips/tricks or must haves for this smart phone? Any and all info will be appreciated.Thanks-Cameron

very cool looking and top of the line for its time. kinda not user friendly. I got it hacked and got a better interface for smoother usage. good picture quality.

I researched my new phone obsessively. I just couldn t decide between the TMobile Dash  the TMobile Wing and the Blackberry Curve. I tested them endlessly in the store, trying 2 at a time out simultaneously to compare speed and visuals while surfing the web. I made a list comparing each one with pros and cons. I checked out reviews on amazon  cdnet  pcmag  etc. My friends were starting to worry. But with each product there was something missing - one only had a 1 MP camera, another had no touch screen, another had too limited a keyboard. What features would I have to do without?I expanded my search to non-tmobile products. LG Voyager, others. Then I ran across the AT&T; Tilt. After viewing the specs on the Tilt I decided to check one out in the store. After using one my decision was suddenly a no-brainer. With the Tilt I didn t have to compromise because it had all the strengths of the other three I had been considering in one phone  plus features none of the others had . The 3G made internet surfing SO much faster than the others.  The keyboard. WiFi. Bluetooth. Touchscreen. GPS. The best dedicated keys. Scrollbar. Windows Mobile 6. 3 megapixel camera. Tiltable.  Technology is changing so quickly things become outdated before you know it. I knew I'd be "stuck" in a 2 yr contract so I wanted to pick something I felt had the best hardware to stave off obsolescence. And with the tilt I found it. It is easy to use  it has helped me in multiple aspects of my job already after one day.The minor negatives are subpar speaker sound- it's more geeky than the sexier iPhone -it attracts attention and envy  (not good if you don't like these things) and the battery drains quickly. Buy a car charger-  extra battery or extended battery

I had my Tilt for almost a month. The biggest compliant I have is the constant audio "skipping"AT&T; Tilt Smartphone (AT&T;)while playing MP3 music. There is manufacturer design flaw with the Tilt. I read AT&T; forum and other Tilt owners experiencing the same problem. If playing back music is IMPORTANT don't buy this phone. Buy the Apple ITouch for music playback.Camera is OK, GPS is good, Mobile 6 is good.Audiophile,steve

*  Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?* Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.

Preface:When I went out looking for a phone I was looking for the following main features:1. Touch Screen2. 3G3. GPS4. Wifi5. Bluetooth6. Slide out keyboard7. Media Player8. MicroSD Storage CardThe AT&T; Tilt has all of those featuresPros:HACKS: There are tons of hacks and free add-ons that you can get to customize this phone. The biggest hack most people make is what is called a cooked ROM, which wipes out all of the bloatware loaded by AT&T.;  It is a fresh install different apps and tools.  There are a ton of cooked ROMs out there, but most will give you and updated media player, updated camera and photo softwareIf you like to hack around and customize a phone, then this is a great phone to do it with.WEB BROWSING: is pretty fast, but you will probably find yourself downloading some additional browsers like Opera because a good of non mobile web pages will try your patients, especially if it contains framesSTREAMING:  Natively you cannot watch youtube videos, but with a little tinkering you can pretty easily.  Some pretty cool things you can do is the following1. Use Firefox + Video helper to pull down flash videos from the web2. Use MIRO to pull down tons of videos and then transfer them to your storage card and play them3. If you have XM radio you can find some helper apps out on the internet that will allow you to listen to them through the browser4. You can use a slingbox on at your house hooked up to cable TV or satellite and watch it on your device using their player (Cost for the mobile player is about $30)5. My favorite option to do a work is to use ORB Networks "MyCast" running on my computer at home; with that I can watch TV, listen to my entire music collection, watch recorded video, look a all my pictures.SLIDE OUT KEYBOARD: To be honest this was a major selling point for me when I purchased this a little over a year ago, but I rarely use it, 95% of the time I find myself using the stylus and the touch screen keyboard.  If you are sitting at the airport or ridding in the car with idle time and you are composing a long message, then the keyboard is the way to go; however if you are like most people in the PDA market you are doing a myriad of other things and you don't always have two hands free.  For short messages it is usually easier to whip out the stylus and punch in a few lines and be done with it.GPS: This is real life saver when combined with google maps and live search.  Yes, this is not going to work as well as a TOM TOM or a GARMIN, but it works better than no GPS at all.  I find that it comes in most hand when you are out walking around somewhere and need to get quick map to find some place.  This feature was a life saver when we took a trip to Madrid Spain this past year.  My recommendation would be turn on Google Maps, use the option for find my location, tell it use GPS and then shut down the GPS to preserve battery lifeWIFI:  This was also another major consideration when it came down to which phone I was going to buy.SPEAKER PHONE: The speaker phone is nice and loud, although if you are in the car most callers will complain about the sound quality of your voice.CONS:CAMERA: Takes very very bad photos at night and it is too slow to be practical, you are better off to use the video function to capture something.  And with it being a touch screen, you will find yourself hitting the wrong spot on the screen, and missing the shot you were after.  There is a real button for the camera, but there is also a boot up delay which will cause you to miss most shots that you are after.  The camera works pretty well if you have excellent lighting, the subject of your photo is stationary, and you can plan your shot.  So taking photos at party, will yield something better than nothing, but where I find the camera function most useful is when I need to document something.  I find myself using the camera in stores to take a photo of something that I want to research later.PHONE:  The major down side of this phone is that it is very hard to use as a phone with one hand because it is a touch screen.  There is no keyboard so to speak, you have virtual number pad to dial with.  So if you aren't looking at the screen, then you don't have that tactile sense of the buttons to allow you dial the phone without looking at.BATTERY LIFE: It can be an issue, if you don't watch what you are doing.  You can easily drain the battery without even trying it.  One major recommended option is to go XDA developers and read up about how to turn off 3G when you don't need.  It drains the battery at an accelerated rate.  Biggest drains seem to be when you run GPS and when you run it in WIFI mode.  If you are going to use GPS while you are out, you better have it plugged in to your car.  Just walking around downtown somewhere for a few minutes will wreck havoc on your battery life.BLUETOOTH:  To this is a little more complicated than need be.  This option needs to be more plug and play.  What is really disappointing is the fact that most of the wireless stereo connection have tried to make have to be made manually.  So don't pickup this device with the idea that you are going to  go from your office, hop in your car and listen to your favorite jams through your Bluetooth enable car stereo.  Even if your device is already paired, you have to go in deselect the option to use "Wireless Stereo" save your selection, then go back in, select the "Wireless Stereo" check box and save your selection.  It is a pain because you have to go 10 pen taps to set this up whereas it should be automatic.  The Bluetooth headset as a hands free device works just fine, too bad this doesn't.  This is a huge disappointment for me.Recommended Addons:Some sort of cooked ROM or at the very least got to HTC site and download their Windows Mobile 6.1 software for FreeTCMP MEDIA PLAYER:  If you really want to expand the multi media capability of you device, then this a must.  With this you can watch a great deal more types of video. The standard windows media player is pretty limited in what it can play, and a huge disadvantage of the windows media player it that it doesn't play flv videos.  FLV files are pretty much the standard format used by youtube.  TCMP will plays those and I believe any of the files media player playsREGISTRY EDITOR: There are several to select from.GOOGLE MAPSWINDOWS LIVE SEARCHOVERALL:This device is great to use as time killer, it has tons of features, it has tons of customizations, but it is terrible as a phone, for the way a busy professional might need it.  Not being able to use easily with one hand is the biggest problem for me, luckily for me I don't have to talk a whole lot on the phone, I mainly use it as an extension for my laptop when I am not near it.If you are in the market for the IPHONE, then this might be an option for you, although it is not as flashy or expensive, but if you need it as a phone I would keep looking.REVIEWER BACKGROUND:Male 35 years oldEducation: Master Degree, 10 + years in the computer industry, 20 + years working with PCsLocation: Houston Texas

I have had this phone for a couple of months now, and I have to admit that I am very impressed with it.  It does everything I need, and is very convenient.  It usually replaces my laptop for day to day activities.  If it had an X-Jack and a better processor, then it would completely replace it.  Don't get me wrong, this device has plenty of processing power for being a PDA.  The only time I have an issue is when trying to view full clips of Youtube, instead of the mobile versions, which take less processor to decode.  It is simply that close to being a laptop replacement.  Yes, it runs Windows, so it has some quirks like needing to be reset, but that takes all of 30 seconds to accomplish and fixes just about anything.  Mine came with 5.0, but I upgraded to 6.1 the first thing, and that has made quite a difference.  I think the problems that most people experience are due to Windows Mobile (again, it is Windows), or factors like Pocket IE not supporting full javascript or frame specifications, and not problems with the phone itself.  This can usually be circumvented by using Opera Mobile or other browsers.  Even then, there are some limitations to what it can do on the web, but when I remind myself that it is a phone and not a full computer, the shortcomings are dwarfed by convenience.  The tilt keyboard takes some getting used to, but it does make life easier, or there is the on screen keyboard that will pop up if you prefer.The hardware GPS coupled with the power of Windows and Outlook (or better yet, Exchange) makes for an outstanding navigation tool.  Since it is a hardware item, and not antenna assisted, you can use Google Maps or download Windows Live and use the GPS for free.  Plenty of on-board memory to customize this to be anything you want it to be, and a memory expansion slot to boot.The data plan may be something that most people say is a waste of money, but I use the data features every single day, and so the price of the plan is cheap.  Additionally, factor in the savings of getting a $600+ phone for free with the rebate, and what more could one ask for?The network data speeds are very decent.  When I checked my Edge speed, it was good at over 400k.  When my neighborhood got upgraded to HSDPA, my download speed shot up to over 1mb.The only weak spot I have noticed is in the camera.  It has impressive specs for a US PDA, but they are not the whole story.  The camera does not have a flash, and the zoom is digital.  Any pictures I have taken come out with blur or white balance problems unless the shot is very well lit.  That being said, it is still a very nice camera to have on hand for moments you need a shot but don't have your standard camera available.  The camera is the reason why I give the product only 4 stars.I was planning to pay AT&T;'s plan price of a couple hundred dollars for this, and it would have been completely worth it at that.  With the discount and the rebate, it's a no-brainer.

Astronomical price.  I recommend waiting until the price comes down.  Double the price of a Blackberry Curve from AT and T with many of the same features.

I purchased this unit a couple of days ago, then upgraded to Windows Mobile 6.1.  An easy upgrade (even works on 64-bit Vista), WM6.1 is fairly straightforward to use, and stable overall.  (I have had an applet crash, however.)It's a speedy performer out of the box, though sometimes screen refreshes were a little slow.It turns out there's a brouhaha over a lack of tightly integrated video drivers for this device, which is capable of running MUCH faster.Along with the crashing applet (an HTC background running utility; HTC is the company that actually makes the Tilt), I really hope they come along with a better video driver.  This unit is good, and is a good Smartphone PDA, but it could do better.The keyboard is awesome.The touch screen is as sensitive as my previous PDA (iPaq 2755).Boots fast.Has a crisp, bright screen.And whose processor is NOT Intel ARM-based.  This needn't worry you unless you're into using hacking, overclocking, or other gray-area utilities.  Those apps may not work entirely on the Tilt's CPU.The other apps I've used, from backup to office suite to games to shell add-ons DO work nicely indeed. So don't think this device can't run.  It does and nicely overall too.Battery life is so-so - 1300maH is not much.  Larger batteries are available, but they will make this thing HUGE.All in all, it's a good performer, and Windows Mobile 6.1 is a treat.  But the omissions on the part of the manufacturer (the aforementioned video drivers) is most confounding.  HTC is known for doing better.  But that gripe aside, it really is a top ranking mobile unit.

After Replacing my 8525 several times, AT&T finally replaced it with a Tilt.  The potential of the phone is fabulous, but the undependability is just too much.  Sporadic resets and loss of data, software glitches, hardware failure along with its all too unique accessories, which even AT&T stores don't carry, overwhelmed its potential.  I would not recommend these phones.

This phone's motto should be, "Promise them everything, give them nothing!"First, I got the phone for several reasons:1) CELL PHONE. Okay, it's a good cell phone. It's loud and can be switched to vibrate.2) SPEAKERPHONE. And the speakerphone is fine. No complaints, but it sucks batteries dry.3) WI-FI. Forget it! This thing doesn't work. It's supposed to work without AT&T;'s MediaNET service, but some AT&T; tech people say the Wi-Fi won't work without the monthly MediaNET service. This is untrue according to the manufacturer. With or without the MediaNET, Wi-Fi just doesn't work with this phone. I can get maybe one or two screens, then it craps out. Same with my sister's phone. I've had two phones myself. I don't know of any phone that works.4) CAMERA. As a photographer, I wanted a backup. Alas, this is one of the worst in-phone cameras I've ever seen. Even in bright sunlight, pictures are muddy and indistinct. Unbelievably bad. My wife's Nokia is far, far better.5) MULTI-MEDIA. A total waste. Volume is terrible and picture quality of movies is only so-so. No standard headphone jack.6) E-BOOK. Not bad, not great. Eats up a lot of resources and takes forever to come up if you have a sizable library. Has to be shut down before using other resource hungry aps.This is the kind of phone you can't wait to break or lose so you can buy another. It has so many problems one could write a small book. I got it primarily for Wi-Fi and it's been a miserable failure. I even upgraded it to the latest Windows.The screen does switch from portrait to landscape, and the keyboard is fairly decent, though no "$" sign is provided, so you have to go to the characters key and then select the dollar sign from a bunch of other symbols. How can ATT do this when it's primarily a business phone?In short, avoid. I'm so mad at AT&T; over this that I'm probably going to switch companies. Oh, and if you use MediaNET, it's slow, like using a 9600 baud telephone modem.

Took me a few weeks to finally get this phone (the first one Amazon decided to send via USPS w/o signature conf and it got lost in the mail...go figure). Been using it for about a month now and so far I really like it. I've been using the Treo line of phones for the last 5 years so this is definitely a bit of a change. I'm missing the ability to use the keyboard with one hand though. Since it's landscape you will most likely need to use both hands when typing. Scroll wheel is a nice added feature and this is definitely one of the fastest smartphones I've used. A vast improvement over the Treo700w. Kinda missing the Infrared but with bluetooth who really needs that? WiFi works seamlessly. The camera is a bit shaky but pictures are decent - could use a flash maybe. The camera interface is nice too. I was also able to install the nice HTC Home screen that gives you a large clock, weather, ringer profiles, etc. so I would recommend that. If you're lucky enough to live in AT&T;'s 3G market, you'll easily experience 2-3 times faster speeds than with Verizon's EVDO. Last but not least, I called AT&T; customer service a few days after I opened the account and got an unlock code that succesfully unlocked my phone for use on any GSM network.Word of caution if you're opening a new AT&T; account with Amazon: Even though the phone is not available without a Data plan at Amazon (or AT&T; for that matter), my AT&T; account was not set up with the Data plan although I ordered it and my order confirmation clearly shows it. Unfortunately, I forgot to log into my AT&T; account immediately to verify that it had been set up correctly so for the first day of use I ended up racking up $100 in data usage charges. Morale: Verify your plan features with AT&T; before you use the phone.

HTC is a global leader in micro pc's and micro pc/cell phones.I was happy to learn they'd be making the AT&T; tilt.Running windows mobile 6, this phone is packed with features and power.The ONLY con is that it is still shipping with its old ROM version 1.5... Updating to version 1.6 on HTC's website will improves performance and battery life and make the unit much faster.The At&t; tilt is basicallly a micro notebook, that happens to be a cell phone too.USB connectivity, Bluetooth, WiFi, and cell phone access give you more ways to connect to the net.  The unit is fast on 3G cell phone networks for internet media, even faster on a wireless network.The design is genious, the keyboard is ample.It comes with 128MB memory upgradable to 32GB micro SD... twice as much storage capacity as the iphone.In case you're wondering, 32GB microSD cards are not sold yet in the U.S., though they were made by Toshiba in 2007, they (and the 16GB versions) should be out later in 08 or 09.  Until then, Amazon sells the 8GB microsd cards which should suffice until the larger cards come out.This phone is the ultimeate for ultra high end phones.  Great for students, business professionals and healthcare professionals.I can't say enough about this device... if you can afford it, it is worth it.Geek tested and approved.

It's the phone I was waiting for. It has everything you could imagine with room for expansion and when new applications come out this phone will be able to run them. The GPS works well with google maps. The wi-fi is awesome and the service is stellar as well. I would recommend this phone to anyone who needs an e mail device as well as data access while on the road. I give props to HTC for making this great device.

This review is going to be short and sweet.  I had a TMobile Wing for nearly 5 months before the touch screen died and TMobile refused to honor the warranty, despite having been a devoted customer for the past 5 years holding 3 wireless accounts.  I got the Wing because I had outgrown the Sidekick series having begun with the CSK.  The Wing was great for about a day, it lacked CPU and RAM--pretty much everything that defines a computing device.After the TMobile fiasco, I jumped to AT&T; with the Tilt and it's what I should have done years ago.  With available program memory hovering around 70MB and RAM around 55MB, it has none of the frustrating issues I had with the Wing which I loved one day, and the next wanted to destroy it out of sheer frustration.  I don't have to constantly reboot it to get more memory or run the memory recovery apps every time I want to open a new program.  I also don't have to worry about my phone locking up when an incoming call comes in.  Even better, when I open up a webpage with more than 6MB worth of pictures on it--IE,doesn't just die due to lack of memory.Out of the box the Tilt performs.  I had to modify the cache on the Wing to squeeze out more performance and up the speed from 200MHZ to 247MHZ to make it a bit more usable.The only thing that bothers me about the Tilt is the phone goes into display lock when I'm on the phone.  It usually activates about the time I need to access the keypad for the touchtones, i.e. accessing voicemail---so I have to unlock it quickly before the phone hangs up due to lack of activity.  I realize the phone locks so your cheek isn't pressing up against it while talking on the phone---something I also hated about the Wing.Moving from the Wing was easy.  I did a full backup with SPB Backup, then inserted that same memory card into the Tilt and restored it.The Tilt is by far a better phone and laptop replacement device.  It rocks with my bluetooth folding keyboard.  The camera quality in good lighting rivals my Nikon DSLR (love the autofocus feature on the Tilt), the GPS allows more functionality, the 400MHz CPU and huge amount of RAM makes this actually a useful tool, and finally the 3G network gives me nearly the same speed as my DSL in my office.  When I tether the Tilt to my laptop, it's easy to open up multiple browser tabs, or view graphic intensive sites without wishing I was on DSL!I love the Tilt and AT&T;!

I'll be quick.  Good idea here, poor engineering.  When it works it's wonderful, but it hits snags way too often.  I upgraded software as per customer service, it didn't help much.GPS is great when it works, but too often fails.Bluetooth stereo is great when it works, but too often it fails and devices have to be reset/repaired.I have to reboot an average of 4 times per week.One solid plus, the cell signal has been outstanding for me.  I can get a connection and complete a call when my friends can't.If the next iPhone has GPS I will probably eBay my Tilt.

Okay got the phone, actually ordered it on Walmart which had it for $99 after mail in rebates.  Anyway I've been playing around with it for about a week or so...feeling like a kid in a candy store every time I figure something out.  Will admitt there are 10 steps when there could be 5 but still once you get the hang of it those steps seem to disappear. The camera is decent, slow at first and I haven't really figured out when its actually taking a picture leading to all the blurry snapshots I know have. It locked up on me last night which was the first night I've actually kept it on all night. Not a good thing since I use my phone as my alarm and it didn't go off this morning.  Also the flashing blue and yellow light all night reminded me of a lighthouse beacon in the dark, again not another good thing since I prefer to sleep in the dark...can that be turned down?Here are the rest of my questions...thanks in advance1. Can you start a text message while on a call? I've gotten a few but can't figure out how to send one(not reply).2. How do you copy a file to another folder, in particular MP3's. I like certain things to play for different things such as missed calls, texts, incoming emails. The sounds they have are not what I have in mind but I can't seem to copy a file over.3. Is there anyway you can prevent the phone from going black while on a call?4. I went to manual mode for email downloading and yet it still does them on its own how do I prevent that from happening again?Kat

I purchased this phone when it was first introduced to the market, about 3 months ago or so, and thus far, I've enjoyed the experience, and am thoroughly pleased with what I've gotten. I go into more detail below in list form, but for a brief summation, I'll just say that this is an excellent communication phone, with great quality voice calls, excellent download and browsing speeds, and good email and messaging capabilities. GPS is very well integrated, and the Windows Mobile platform is incredibly convenient. The keyboard and screen are also very user-friendly. Doesn't really have an impressive media arsenal, so if you're looking for an entertainment phone, with a focus on music and video, look into an Apple iPhone. Otherwise, great for organization, picture and file sharing, and staying in touch, world-wide or locally. I very much recommend this phone.The PROs:The Windows Mobile 6 platform. Syncs very well with my PC, is easy to set up, and user-friendly, once you get the logistics of the programs down. The extra memory allows programs to run very quickly and easily, and the Today screen and displays are convenient, and functional. (You can also add memory through a MicroSD card, located at the bottom of the phone. Mine's a 4G and works more than adequately.) The contact list and calendar both work off the Outlook base, which I've found convenient and very concise, not to mention very flexible in terms of personal preferences. The best part is the Windows Mobile, which allows you to edit, and transfer documents in Excel, Word, and Powerpoint from your PC to your phone very easily, just by dragging and dropping while hooked up to your desktop or laptop, as you would with any external drive. For the student on the go who ends up studying while at work, or editing a paper due the next day, I've found this beyond helpful, and really, really convenient.The keyboard is roomy, with larger keys that are raised slightly, don't stick or slip, and set-up with function keys that are simple and easy to get used to. Very nice for texting, emailing, document editing, etc., especially with the back-lighting. One thing that I am rather pleased with is the array of keys, keyboard and front, and their usefulness when it comes to short-cuts. The fixed mail and Internet Explorer keys especially are useful, and I am a fan of having them at the same level as the phone and scroll keys. Once I got the arrangment and functions down, I rarely, if ever, used the stylus.The touchscreen feature is really enjoyable, and works very well without major problems, since the screen functions off light pressure instead of heat sensitivity. The screen itself is beautiful, with bright colors and large size, perfect for web browsing and picture-viewing. The tilting aspect is not, of course, a necessary sort of addition to the AT&T; line, but it's amazing how much more comfortable and secure that position makes you feel while holding it, especially since the back of the phone has an incorporated rubber-like material, which makes it really easy to grip. (I've also heard a few complaints about the size, that the phone is "bulky", but really, I havn't gotten that impression. It's no Blackberry Pearl, but it's not exactly going to rip your pocket, either.)One word: Fast. Especially over the 3G network. Downloads are quick, web-browsing is enjoyable, and calls are fantastic. The clarity over the phone on both ends of the call is always exceptionally clear and loud. Even in remote areas, where the 3G isn't available, this phone picks up EDGE and GPRS very easily, and rolls up or back to the next strongest network automatically. The tethering available for laptop modems is also an extremely convenient aspect, very easy to use, though definitely doesn't replace a high-speed connection by any means. The GPS intergration is also a fantastic option, and works quickly and very accuratly once the satellites are found. I've downloaded Google maps, and it works very well with the phone. There is also TeleNav available for the phone through AT&T; for an extra fee, and there are other programs like TomTom, but with Google and Yahoo Y.20, you've really no need, unless you want vocal instructions to go with the directions.The CONs:This is not a media phone. I repeat, this is not a media phone. You can load it up with music and videos, and it will play nicely through Windows Media, but it's not anything worth crooning about. The speakers are clear, for the most part, though not very loud, and there isn't a headphone jack on the phone. Bluetooth stereo works pretty well in this case, but I have an iPod for my music, so I wasn't too put out by the handicapped music capabilities. The camera is pretty good, 3MP, and takes quality photos, but there is a shutter delay, so action shots are pretty much ruled out. (I got rid of the shutter delay somewhat by downgrading to a high-resolution 2MP setting.) The video quality is also a bit grainy, no matter how fast the streaming speed, which is a bit disappointing, seeing as how that's a major factor for my catching up with shows and newscasts that I miss while working.Windows Mobile 6 is a bit buggy at times. The Internet Explorer will sometimes start up and not load a page, though resetting the page history and temporary files fixes that, or restarting the phone, as well. There's a delay when switching to landscape mode when opening the keyboard, and programs sometimes delay or freeze without apparent reason, though this is pretty rare. I ended up setting mine to permanent landscape mode to get rid of the delay, since I end up using the keyboard and keys more than anything else. I actually prefer the two-handed setting, really. Windows also has a really annoying sort of organizing system when it comes to placing downloaded files in convenient places. (For example, defaulting a downloaded game to the "Programs" folder instead of the "Games and Apps" folder was just kind of ridiculous.)The IM feature is very slow, and there is always a delay when connecting and sending with the server. I just ended up not using the feature, which wasn't a huge loss. There is also no push email inherent on the phone, and though AT&T; does offer a push set-up, I coudn't get it to work properly on the phone, so I ended up uninstalling the feature. The send/recieve function works more than adequately, though, and with as many email accounts as you need, so unless you're a Blackberry user and used to their integrated push system, I highly doubt that you'll see that as a huge con. The fact that the phone's screen turns off during calls (which isn't a setting that you can change), and then by default prompts for a security password (unless you turn that feature off), is a somewhat annoying, but not a huge problem.Otherwise?  Fantastic phone.  I've yet to find a perfect phone, but this one suits my lifestyle (on-the-go, never at home) perfectly. Like I said, I recommend it highly.

Let me say before getting started here, that if you really want to use and enjoy this phone to its full potential, you need to have a fully unlimited plan (minutes, txting, and data).  Even if you don't think you use your phone that much, you will want to when you get the tilt!I'll cover just three points to keep this review reader-friendly:1. Use it as a modem for your laptop!This has easily been the Tilts most beneficial feature for me.  I don't have to wander the streets looking for a hot spot.  I can plug in anywhere, go online AND TALK TO MY CLIENT ON THE PHONE AT THE SAME TIME!  Even my IT guy's phone couldn't do that.2. GPSI use google gps/maps and can very easily get directions from where it locates me via satellite to my desired location. Great feature when I'm lost or on the freeway.The reverse on this would also prove useful though I have not had occasion to use it.  If your car breaks down or you are lost you can call someone to pick you up and have directions to find you easily at hand.  Your enter their location as the start point and your gps located location as the the end point and Voila!3. But is it still a phone?Finally, as a phone and for everyday use it is pretty friendly.  It can be a slight hassle getting used to everything, but it's worth a slightly longer learning curve.  I can make calls one handed, and text.In conclusion,Whiners will always whine, but perfection doesn't exist and if you're going to rate things like it does, everything will suck.If you're not a whiner, this phone is for you.

After reading some of these reviews, I was asking myself if these people have the same phone I do.  I dumped my 8125 (pathetic at best) for the Tilt, and boy was I surprised...in all the wrong ways.  First of all, no case, no headphones (and no headphone JACK!)despite the fact that headphones are listed ON THE BOX as an included accessory; when quizzed on this the AT&T-owned store sales rep replied "they changed their mind, I guess".  On to the phone.  First of all it is about twice the weight of the 8125, and finished in a slippery gloss black sheen that makes it all but impossible to get it out of the separately purchased holster without dropping it (took 2 months to find one that fit the odd size of this phone); the power button and the "push to talk" button (more on this annoying feature later) all but guarantee when your slipping and sliding to get it out of the holster you'll hit one of them and mess something up or hang up on your caller.  The phone comes preloaded with TONS of absolutely useless software (I guess they REALLY wanted it to feel like a Windows-based PC!); the button array on the front was laid out poorly, the buttons almost too small for fingers to use, and then there is the lovely "push-to-talk" button...it does nothing but annoy you and ask you over and over and over again if you want to buy the push-to-talk service - it's as if they put the button in the most usable space to ensure you accidentally hit it a hundred times a day (and I do)just so you get annoyed and buy the service.  By the way, unless you download a third-party skin for your "desktop", the "included" voice activated dialing feature is all but inaccessible thorugh a series of four or five menus - all but guaranteeing that by the time you figured how to "voice dial", you've gone off the road and hit a tree, thus effectively negating the feature in the first place.  Now lets talk about performance!  All the blazing fast high-speed internet acccess that this phone and the 3G network are supposed to deliver to you...what a CROCK!  My Timex Sinclair 64 was faster than this piece of sh**; average load time for a webpage was 45-90 seconds...if it would connect in the first place. (I live in a major metropolitan city by the way, not some third-world country or isolated hillbilly township) Now add in the CONSTANT crashes, web page freeze ups, dropped calls, poor sound quality, a touchscreen that's about 75% accurate, and a keyboard that only lights up sometimes, and you have a real chunk of a phone.  Last month, my precious Tilt finally slipped out of my hands (for the millionth time), landed on the concrete and shattered the screen, effectively killing the phone.  AT&T politely told me there was nothing they could do for me since it was only 5 months old and I didn't take out the insurance plan.  Fortunately I still had my old 8125 lying around (my 5 year-old uses it to play Bubble Breaker)and I got it reactivated until I'm eligible for a new phone again.  In short - save your time, money and frustrations...the Tilt in my opinion is sadly lacking, poorly developed, and does not live up to any of the hype it promises.  If you need business apps and corporate email, get the Blackberry, if you want a blazing fast entertainment piece with music, internet etc, get the iPhone...HTC tried to combine both and ended up with neither.

I purchased the AT&T; Tilt a few months ago. It is incredibly unreliable. I paid $350 for it with a 2 year contract. Within two weeks of purchase all of the hard keys on the device stopped working. I took it back and got a replacement. Two months later the same thing happened. The main reason I got this phone was for the keyboard. None of the keys worked at all. I had to do everything through the touch screen on the device and if you know Windows Mobile you know it isn't exactly the most user (and touch) friendly. It was past the 30 day mark so I couldn't get the phone replaced or returned. How can they justify charging $350, or, in this case, $500, for a phone that only works two months? It's ridiculous.It has a lot of features but as I said it's very unreliable. Not just as far as the hard keys are concerned, the device itself is pretty glitchy and runs rather slowly. I'm assuming a lot of the positive reviews of this device are from people who only had the phone a short period of time, as I enjoyed it when I first got it. It didn't take long for it to become a burden.Luckily for me the phone got stolen a few weeks after the keys stopped working the second time. No, I didn't have insurance, but it took the hassle of this piece of crap off my hands and gave me an excuse to buy an iPhone 3G. I'm certainly no Apple fanboy, that's why I bought this in the first place, but there is truly no comparison. Don't be stupid and go with this phone just because you don't like Apple. It is NOT an iPhone and is certainly NOT an iPhone killer. I'm not telling the Apple haters to go buy an iPhone, but don't expect this to be near as powerful (and you must admit, the iPhone is very powerful).Not recommended at all. I don't see how they can sell this thing with a straight face.

My husband bought this phone (black)unlocked for my birthday in June.  I bought it unlocked because we live overseas right now and I already had an overseas sim card.  It worked great for about 2 months and now I loose my signal in places I had reception before.  This is not good.  As a mother and wife, I depend on my phone a lot.  As of now I would say don't waste your time on this phone.  I have tried soft resetting it. I've tried changing the mode from phone to plane and back to phone and nothing has worked for more then a few minutes. I am very disappointed.  I feel like I wasted my time and money. :(

My son got this phone from AT&T. He loved it...until the touch screen shattered when it was in his pocket and he was helping his Dad put a boat cover on our boat. He was devastated. He called HTC and they told him it would cost $198 to get a new one! HELLO. This phone was TWO weeks old. I had two Treos and dropped them on numerous occasions and they never broke. This phone seems to be geared to kids because it's too complicated for most adults to use (and it's ideal for texting...which they do). The manufacturer needs to make this phone tougher. I was watching my son and he was doing nothing extraordinary when it shattered. It's ridiculous. Beware if you want to buy this product. It's made too fragile and they don't back their product.

(I am actually writing this review on my laptop using my Tilt connection.)Note: If you're looking for a phone, this is not your device. If you're looking for a PDA, GPS unit, web browser, e-mail client with a phone built-in, this is a good choice.This device is very feature complete. I do identify two downsides:- The UI is a bit slow at times (hoping for improvement with the upcoming Windows Mobile 6.1 update).- I really miss a "regular" phone keypad more than I thought. The touch screen phone interface works well, but sometimes, you quickly want to enter just a bit of text (SMS, contact info, etc.) and on the Tilt, you have to either slide out the keyboard (making it a two-handed device) or pull out the styles (again, needs 2 hands).Overall, I think this phone's design is very good. I've had it for about 1 year now, and everything on it has held up, even though the keys below the screen feel a bit flimsy.The camera works OK, but could have better white balance correction.

I was extremely dissappointed. After about two weeks the phone locked up on me and everytime I opened it to do anything it would freeze up on me. Note impressed. But overall I did love everything else about the phone. ONLY if it worked right.

My ATT TILT was a great phone... for 8 months... then it shut itself off DEAD on a fully charged battery and never turned back on.  ATT wants to send me a REFURBISHED unit they say is a "SHELL" that comes with no battery or the back cover of the unit!!!???  I could've bough a refurbished unit for third of the price of a new one at the first place.  Why buy a $550+tax phone from ATT and get stuck with a 2-yr contract if the phone doesn't last even a year and they'll be sending you cheaper refurbished ones soon after your NEW purchase?  Refurbished means the phone has already proven to be a lemon once!  Sell me a lemon once, shame on you... sell me the same lemon twice, shame on me!  Before dropping a load of cash on a new ATT TILT, ask yourself if you'll be ok warranty exchanging it with somebody else's USED lemon in less than a year.

This is in all honesty supposed to be a great phone. I've gone through a couple of Cingular 8125s over the last 2-3 years, and was anxiously awaiting the next best thing to come out. And i was particularly waiting for something that had GPS built in, which is one reason i skipped the 8525.But this phone in all honest SHOULD be a great phone, it has a lot of available ROM to install lots and lots of programs and utilities. As usual, w/ HTC handsets running windows mobile, you can get a boat load of custom applications if you're a tech savy person, and are comfortable w/ modding your phone. I personally love being able to pick and choose the applications that come w/ the phone, as the standard AT&T; "bloatware" and today screen dont really interest me.Speaker quality is actually pretty good, considering it has a single speaker compared to the dual speakers of my 8125. The placement is kind of bad though, being on the backside, if you lake the phone down then well...the sound coming out (if playing music) gets completely muffled.As far as the speed of the phone, it seems to handle multiple programs pretty well, but i've had some issues as far as the screen lagging when switching from portrait to landscape modes (will discuss this a bit more later). Otherwise the internet seems to work great, 3G and HSPDA are a hell of a lot better than the standard EDGE i used on the 8125, or what people w/ the iphone have to deal with.One of the main reasons i got this phone was i wanted it to be my portable computer, something that would be able to play music, movies, tv shows and keep me connected while i'm on the go. As it does music and connectivity just fine, there is a huge issue as far as video playback. In all honesty, the video playback on this phone is beyond horrible, its unwatchable. I've had better playback experiences on my 8125 which is amazing considering this is HAILED as the best and most multimedia powerful phone HTC has ever produced. The lack of video support offered by HTC is something that borderline makes me want to vow never to buy another HTC handset again. The thing is, they know that there's video playback issues and this stems from them not incorporating the proper video drivers to work w/ their chip inside the phone. They released a statement saying that updating the drivers is something that would cost a great deal of money (as if they're giving their handsets for free, and we're not paying them a tons of money for them), and there isn't going to be a fix with these current phones. If you want to get a fix, wait for the next generation of devices from them. I'm not sure about anyone else, but a company that says, "we gave you a product that doesn't fully function, we're not going to update it and fix it...but if you want a fix in the future, buy our newer version." is very undeserving of my future business.If all your doing is using the basic features of the phone, this might be  one of the greatest phones you've ever purchased. But then again, if you're just using basic features save your money and get a BlackJackII, Motorola Q Global, or a Palm 750 or Blackberry Pearl...you'll save a lot of money, and wont be left in the cold by any of those companies.

This has got to be one of the greatest "toys" I have ever gotten!!  I can't put this phone down!!  I looked at it in an ATT store but didn't really want to pay $400.00 each for 2 phones so I put it back and forgot about it - then I got an email from Amazon (see? Advertizing DOES pay!!  LOL!!) about new cell phones and found it again at less than half the store price - couldn't resist.  I got two, and we have not stopped playing with them for three days!!  Easy to operate, crammed so full of features I will NEVER use them all, synced to my laptop intuitively, adding or removing music is amazingly easy - just hook up, click, and drag to the phone.....I did see some questions on adding music as ringtones? I opened the phone itsself on my laptop (Drive E for me), went to My Documents, opened My Ringtones, and drug the music straight to there, have not figured out how to get it from Media Player to My Documents in the phone itsself, had to use the laptop.I will MAYBE agree that there might be TOO MUCH stuff included in the phone program/game/accessory-wise, but if you stop and think about it, AT&T; wants as much to offer as wide a scope of the population as possible, so who's to say what may be useless to me might not be vital to someone else?  And again, when I opened the phone on my laptop it was certainly easy enough to delete the items I don't need......I LOVE the transcriber as well!!  Write on the screen with the stylus, it converts it to text, you send it as a msg., save it as a note or word doc, I just LOVE that! For quick notes it's just the best!!  It seems to decypher my "chicken scratch" writing very well, amazingly enough.I do want to back up another comment I read before I bought and am glad I did...... when I contacted AT&T; to set up the service and transfer my phone numbers, they DID NOT have my data plans ordered even though it was clearly written on my Amazon receipt.  You DO want to make sure you ask them if it's on your plan, otherwise you will get a mountain of data use charges.  But the plan really is your responsibility anyway, you should review it when you set it up regardless.  I have been on the phone with AT&T; several times since I got these phones and they have been hands-down the most helpful customer service I have ever had to deal with.  Reviewed my prior usage with my old company (turns out they had just bought it so they had access to my records) and recommended the best plans for me, even told me the data plan I wanted was too expensive for what I was going to be doing and saved me about $30.00 a month!Look - we don't run a business and probably won't have massive data sheets or reports passing through these phones.  But to get a PDA/message center/MP3 player/internet surfing/video playing/GPS cell phone with good sound and great reception here in the mountains, for this money it can't be beat.  In fact, the $400.00 store price is a steal for all I got, but I'm really glad I found it here for much less!!  LOL!!

Great product. Arrived in a timely manner. Instructions included, yet I went to AT&T store for set. Looked for owner's manual until it was determined that information is online with AT&T website. Awesome value.

I've had the phone for a week, after buying it over the phone direct from ATT.  It was quick to set up and get going.It synchs with both XP and Vista (though they use different synch packages).It has a standard mini-usb port for charging and data transfer, so I can use existing cables.Got the bluetooth going today after getting my Cardo S2 BT Stereo Headphones, not entirely seamless, the pairing worked first time but the audio wouldn't transfer.  Had to delete the profile, turn everything off, reset the phone and do the pairing again.The sound is crystal clear and the music gets paused when a call comes in, and then starts again when the call ends.I spend several hours last weekend listening to streamed XM radio over wi-fi network within the house and the signal did not drop once.Still working on the voice-dial!Windows Mobile 6 professional is pretty slick, and apart from an occasional slowness works well.The GPS is great and works with both Windows Live and Google Maps, so don't pay for the TeleNav, unless you want all the bells and whistles.All in all a spectacular phone, highly recommended.

I won't rehash the features and details of the phone as several reviews have done that already.What I will say is that this phone does everything ... but it doesn't do them all well.  In particular, it is a terrible phone. Reception is poor in most areas where my previous (and old) Motorola phone was great (poor antenna?), microphone is terrible (a lot of complaints from people I call), the speaker is OK at best (muddy and on the back of the Tilt so you need to prop it up to hear).  What kills me is that alarms for messages, incoming email, etc. keep the phone on constantly and the battery will die in 8-10 hours if I don't fix the alarms.  Like if I leave it my jacket pocket or in the car while I'm off doing other things.  I can't count the number of times I've picked up the phone and it is dead or near dying because the battery drained while the phone stayed active (and yes, I've set the power options). Furthermore, the keypad for the phone is worthless out of the box - get an aftermarket program that enlarges the pad so it's usable.  Even then, you'll find that it's almost impossible to use with one hand (like while driving). Yes, I've programed it for voice recognition but that's 50/50 accurate at best.  And, the PPT button on the top right - of what use is it?  You can't reprogram it and I have no use for PPT - minor nit but annoying all the same.  Personally, I would recommend looking elsewhere if you want to use the tilt as a cell phone, instead of a toy, GPS, camera, PDA, etc.  I can't wait to get rid of this thing and get a real phone.

I recently upgraded to this phone after a long search of all the different options open to AT&T; customers.Ultimately, this phone stood out for a few reasons:1) The unique design. This phone definitely stands out among the many RZR look-alikes, but that's only one good point. Specifically, the inclusion of both a touchscreen and a full QWERTY keyboard are huge benefits. If you're like me, you generally prefer a quick text to voice calling. The keyboard here is very nicely done, though it does take a little getting used to. The only problems here that you might run into are that the two option buttons on the keyboard (at the top) can be difficult to press if you have the screen fully tilted. If you leave it parallel to the keyboard part, it's not an issue. Texting is fast and easy to do.2) The software. The Windows Mobile setup works really well. I was able to sync my Gmail account to this thing VERY easily, and the ability to edit Word documents on the fly is highly useful to students and businessmen alike. The organizer is highly functional, with many options for alarms and entering contact information. The Media Player is functional (though I probably wouldn't use this as a replacement for an MP3 player).3) The features. This was BY FAR the most important part of the phone. Specifically, the inclusion of built-in WiFi is the best thing about this phone. Rather than being tied to a data plan (like with the iPhone), the Tilt only needs a WiFi hotspot to get on the internet. Since those hotspots are practically everywhere nowadays, lack of access is hardly ever an issue. Even if you don't have access, the 3G network means that you can always get access to the internet so long as you're receiving a cellular signal (although their network DOES charge you, I believe by the amount of kB you download). While I don't utilize it (in order to save money), the built-in GPS is a welcome bonus feature to those that travel often.The downsides of this phone? Most notably, it's somewhat heavy compared to other phones, but it's really not a major issue. The built-in memory of this phone is pretty low, so if you want to put your own music on here, you'd best invest in a MicroSD card. Another downside of this phone is likely the fact that the camera lacks a flash, making the usefulness of the camera limited in low light. Finally, the one irritation that gets to me is the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack. You need to buy an adapter in order to use a regular set of headphones with this phone, which is a bit irritating.Overall? An excellent piece of technology that I've successfully used as a substitute for hauling my laptop around campus. I can get the internet, my music, my mail, and my documents managed all in a package that fits in my front pocket. I don't have any regrets about picking this up.

Blackberry 8820! Is it just another PDA phone? With internal GPS, wireless g, expandable memory (micro SD), awesome screen resolution for movies, great audio, and much much more... thankfully "NO" it's not just another PDA phone. Easy computer sync, push email, and web services such as Yahoo Go and Live Search makes this a powerful tool for modern living.Money Saving Hint: Don't subscribe to GPS service if you can live without turn by turn voice directions. Tools such as Yahoo Go and Live search can access GPS co-ordinates and map out directions. Google maps can use cell tower triangulation to pinpoint current position within 3 meters, even indoors :-)

I must admit that I hated this fone during the first few days. It was very user-unfriendly. Opening browser involved 3 steps. E-mail syncing was a mess. And the screen shutting down while on call was just plain annoying. But all that was until I stumbled upon few HTC Kaiser tips/tricks forums across the net.Then I did 3 things to my fone and my impression of it has changed from 1 star to 4 stars :)- First I uninstalled all the crapware that was loaded by AT&T; (Setting > System tab > Clear Storage... this will reboot your device, once the device comes ON, it will start installing the crapware that you want to get rid of... so use your stylus and poke the little hole at the bottom... the system will reboot again... and you have a CLEAN phone now) make sure you backed up your phone book before doing this step though- Second I installed the "HTCHome" plugin... this made my home screen much easier to navigate and much much prettier to look at- Third I installed the "Kaiser Tweak" plugin... this will let you enable/disable all the settings in one simple step... you can disable the screen shut-off when making a call :)And of course, you can install Opera mini anytime to get that iPhonesque surfing capabilityThe only reason I am not giving this phone 5 stars is because this fone does have a tendency to drop calls for no apparent reason. I used Blackberry 8700c before this (also on AT&T;) and it never dropped calls. So I know that poor signal can not be the reason.But apart from a few dropped calls every now and then - I am loving my new kaiser. It is a very powerful device and I like it. I'm looking forward to install many new hacks/tricks in future.

First, the touch screen is so difficult to see that you cannot see it outdoors. Ever. At all. Second, the fact that the phone is essentially a mini-computer is both its advantage and its downfall. Yes, it syncs with my Outlook calendar and helps me get to my appointments (that's why I got it), but it also takes several minutes to "boot up" when it turns on. When others are flipping their phones on and making a call in seconds, I am still waiting...and waiting...and waiting. Turning it off is more complicated than just holding a button, too. I've got to be able to see that "are you sure?" button on the screen and tap it just right. Oh, and don't get me started on the number keypad. Dialing the phone really requires the use of the lame touch screen. While you are listening to your voicemail, however, the screen will go dark. Thus, when you have to tap a number to respond to the prompts, you can't! GRRRRRR...The nifty keyboard is great for texting, but doesn't work to make calls - unless you want to tap the function key before each and every number.Finding things on this phone is beyond my grasp. I downloaded a ring tone and could not locate the file to change my ringer. I finally went to an AT&T; store to get help. The young man found it, but could not explain to me why it did not show up in the "my music" location when I navigated to it through the windows mobile system. He had to use the finder - and located an entire second set of music files, which did not appear via the traditional route.I hate this phone with a passion, but I'm stuck with it. Do yourself a favor. Don't do it.

This very capable piece of Hardware is supported by a crippled Operating System. It does not represent Windows Mobile in all its glory. At&t; is to be held responsible for having shipped this device with its own Custom Firmware that slows down the performance.There seem to be many Bugs with the Keylock feature where the screen doesn't do what it is supposed too.I will write another review after I upgrade the Firmware to the one originally supplied by HTC

I was a dedicated Palm user, and have just been using the LifeDrive, waiting until something better came along. In my opinion, nothing has from Palm yet.  I finally had to get something that would talk to Vista and I really did not want to have all of my critical apps MS based. Grudgingly, I bought the Tilt and was very surprised by the flexibility, the speed, and the agility. There is a bit of a learning curve because its not a phone nor a palm, but it can do so much if you put in the time to program it and fine tune it for one's needs. The bluetooth really works with everything in range and it is a great music player to boot. It has a truckload of "bloat ware" and it tries to sell you stuff at every turn, but if you can ignore that then this is an excellent phone and PDA. and it works seamlessly with Outlook.

I was cautious about ordering this phone.  My previous phone had no gadgets, no gizmos.  It didn't even have a camera.  However, the abiity to edit documents on the go and to check e-mails while away from the computer really appealed to me.  I was cautious because I am not a tech geek.  I had seen many reviews of this and other phones, and found myself doing the same thing I did when I listened to an IT guy talk -- I zoned out.  3G?  WM6?  I was lost.  Ultimately, I decided to take the plunge.  I've had my Tilt for about 2 weeks now, and I am very happy with it.  I decided to write a review for those prospective smartphone buyers out there who, like me, have trouble programming a VCR (for those of us who still have VCRs).The Good: The Tilt is powerful.  Windows Mobile 6 works pretty much like Windows on your home computer.  That's very useful for opening pdf documents, text files, and other things you'll need for work.  It can play most videos, although I'm still trying to figure out how to get certain file types to play (I'm sure there's a way, but again, trouble with VCR).It also has 3G, which is basically the only internet service worth a crap.  It's painful to try and surf the net on a non-3G connection (it will take like 5

Okay- I am not a cell phone expert, but I must admit, this phone is nice. It's 100% better than the iphone. I read a review from a customer stating that she's waiting for the new iphone to come out and the tilt will hold her over- I would just like to say, I never want another iphone, I dealt with it for 11 months. It was appealing and the next new "it" in cell phones- but just could not do what I needed it to do for work.Well- the tilt is a mini laptop and with the rebate and getting the phone for 74.00, I can't complain. I will suggest the phone to others. I had a hard time choosing between the tilt and blackberry but--- will see. Thanks to those who wrote efficient reviews with feedback, as I knew what to expect when I received my new cell...bye bye iphone : )-

well, I bought this phone on april 24th when it was offered for free after rebate, so in that regard I can not complain.as for the phone its self, I also can not complain. when I recieved the phone it was very fast in response, and nothing to complain about what so ever. It noticed my home wifi right away, and logged on without issue.I then upgraded to the newest HTC software, and it was still very responsive. I have since installed a few upgrades in the way of HTC home customizer, a new dialer, google maps. and it is still very responsive, but notice a very slight slight delay, but nothing worth bashing the tilt over. after market software at times will do that, so you do it at your own risk and well I can not complain.there are other ROMs, available that speed things up and have more customizing capabilities, but I have not gotten to that point yet.I love the tilt and do not regret it one bit!!the iphone is crap compared to the tilt. yes it is thinner, but has very limited customizing,even after their new program addition it is sitll crap since you have to pay to customize it and there is not enough things out there to make it a better phone.not to mention, add a 4gig, 8gig, 16gig or 32gig micro sd card to the tilt and it will clober the iphone even more so then now!!tilt is the way to go in terms of what it offers!!

I have had this phone since Oct 2007; before that I was using a Treo 650 and V3i depending on need.The phone has a great set of features and most work well.Some things are a problem:The volume on this phone is weak!  The speaker on the back does not play loudly enough and when it does get loud it distorts badly.  The Treo put this to shame.The bluetooth headset volume is much to low with any headset and I have tried several.  It is usable but just barely!  Treo and V3i beat it easily.The video drivers are weak or non existent. Most video exhibit some stuttering.  Treo better again.It is too bad that HTC isn't (and doesn't plan on) addressing these issue or this would truely be one of if not the best phone on the market.
