
This phone is for people (like me) that spend a lot of time text messaging and reading/sending email.  If you don't do either of these then you might want to move to a more lightweight, traditional phone.  I spend about 1 1/2 hours on a train everyday and it's nice to have this phone to stay connected with the office.  Although it doesn't come with the Java Yahoo Instant Messenger client, you can use the SMS client to login/logout, send messages, and retrieve information about what users are connected.If you're looking to replace your PDA you're going to be disappointed.  Although I've read reviews on C/Net that says that this phone has a note pad and a to-do list, this phone comes with neither.  I find the lack of a text editor a major annoyance.  Another feature that lacks is the ability to enter a person's address.Things I like about this phone:1) The text messaging and email capabilities are easy to use and set up.2) The datebook program is functional as a calendar management tool3) It's relatively compact compared to the sidekick, so you can slip it into your jean's pockets4) The Qwerty keyboard is definitely nice for entering phone numbers and emails.  I was able to enter in all my contacts relatively quickly (in just enough time to receive my bluetooth adapter in the mail that allows me to do this without typing).Things that could be better:1) The sound quality is not that good when talking outside.  Perhaps this is because when you talk into this phone the microphone is not near your mouth.  When I talk outside, I can hear my voice echoing in the speaker.2) The internet connectivity is much more limited than on a sidekick or blackberry.  I am only able to load very small websites, and they're usually rendered very poorly.3) The lack of a note taking feature

No other phone have a good size qwerty keyboard + a vga 640x480 camera + bluetooth + AIM in still a very nice small phone. Sound quality is very good. AIM is very easy to use thanks for the easy to type keyboard. Perfect for teens who like text messaging. I bought this camera at Amazon.com because it has the cheapest price here (according to [...] Amazon delivered the phone within 3 days and it turned on with a new phone number right away! Instant phone! It is great.

This is, firstly, a gizmo.  It also happens to be a nice and wonderfully useful phone.  Bad stuff first:  it doesn't support HTML (can be gotten around with Web Viewer and T-Mobile internet).  Also, the volume on the handset is a tad low, but I havent had a real problem with it.  The battery life seems fine to me, so far, especially since it has a NICE color screen and I can't stop playing with the thing!!  Now for more good stuff:  it has a datebook, address book, accesses WAP sites (which are getting better and more plentiful), takes pictures and sends them, stores pictures sent as e-mail attachments from your computer, has a fair amount of memory for a device like this, utilizes a small QWERTY keypad, etc.  FUN!  I've downloaded several games from Handango, among other sites.  It plays real MP3 ringtones, not just MIDI.  I also purchased a Motorola Bluetooth headset which works perfectly with the phone, even with road noise.  T-Mobile has been my carrier for years and I haven't had a problem (restricted HTML access notwithstanding).  The list of features goes on, although others have had some problems.  Conclusion: if you're looking for a phone that's fun AND worthy, this is the one!

This phone is def a cool gadget but thats about it. Last time I had a Motorola I told myself I would never get one of them again because the thing was a piece a junk. The phone reception was usually below par and volume was pretty lousy. This pretty much is the same deal. The phone portion of the gadget is not nearly the best I have had (my crappy Nokia basic phone sounded better). The volume is weak and I have dropped several calls. The rest of features rule though. Texting with the QWERTY is slick and is the main reason I got the thing, that and it was free here on Amazon with rebate.  Idon't recommend this phone if you are going to use it for business too much liabilty here. Its a fun phone just not nearly a perfect as I would like it to be.

Dispite having to wait a crazy 14 days (the entire remorse period) for T-mobile to activate t-zone and only three days into playing with the phones browser, I've decided this is the best phone every built in the history of cell phones!!! I've taken pictures of my sidekick and preparing it for quick ebay sale!First off, I read all the bad press on the phone .. it delayed my buying it some, but at -$50 from Amazon it was hard to resist at least seeing for myself.I'm a web developer (VB ASP.NET), and really I needed a cell phone with a querty keyboard and internet access that would fit in my pocket. My sidekick is huge and the $20/mo for internet is reasonable but t-zones at $5/mo is a much better deal.So here's the surprise I never expected - perhaps I missed it in the technical specs or was not aware WAP phones could do this. The phone's browser is more than just a WAP browser, it can read html. Most of my server side pages (with DB calls etc.) work great. If anything, you need to re-engineer them with smaller forms and images (I already had an routine that shrinks pictures on the fly for this). Also javascript does not appear to work - but it does not work on the sidekick either.Another great surprise was the ease of finding and loading custom software. An option the phone does not come with that I really wanted was a password vault type application with a password and encryption to store my passwords, bank accounts etc. I was able to find a free java application called Pocket Protector on  site [...] downloading and installing (via browser) the AP was a snap!BTW, if you're considering the LG9000, which physically I felt was tighter a more durable looking phone - and you have the same interest as I do, don't even bother, the phone does not browse the web, which seems kind of rediculous. Even if it did, Cingular's internet plans are not competitive with t-mobile.I'm not sure how I will feel about the phones physical hold up in 3 months, but regardless, I'll probably take some comfort in knowing the future of cell phones has arrived.

I bought this phone expecting to purchase a parallel alternative to the oversized Sidekick II, but buying the A630 has been nothing more than a pain. Simply talking, the only good thing the phone has to offer is the cool and compact design.Pros:* Cool design* Speakerphone* User friendly menu navigationCons:* Phonebook (I feel like I am using the phonebook installed on Zack Morris's cell phone-ancient! The organization of the phonebook makes is difficult to enter and understand how to insert multiple numbers for one contact.)* Battery Life (If your phone is constantly searching for a T-Mobile signal, the battery juice drains fast.)* Charger (The connection between the charger and headset is flimsy, I feel like it could snap or damage easily.)* SIM Card (I my case the SIM card would not sit in correctly, and without a SIM card being read, the phone did not work.)If you can deal with the annoying cons, then it's a cool looking phone that catches the attention of people around you. However, I returned this item because T-Mobile's signal coverage is limited or in my case completely absent.

I've had this phone for several months now and I just love it.  I was worried that it might be bulky, but this phone turned out to be smaller than my last phone and smaller than many phones out there.  The only complaint I would have and the reason for my only giving it 4 stars is that the camera doesn't always take the best pictures, at least not when compared to other camera phones on the market.  But don't let this deter you from buying the Motorola A630 because the flip-open QWERTY keyboard more than makes up for any camera issues this phone might have.  The keyboard, though small, is amazingly easy to use.  In addition, this phone features Bluetooth wireless technology which not only permits the use of a wireless headset but also allows the phone to communicate with any device similarly equipped with Bluetooth.  As a result, my phone and my laptop computer can communicate and exchange files, and I've even used my cell phone as a wireless modem in order to access the Internet from the road and nearly anywhere else my phone has reception.  When push comes to shove, this is a great phone and probably the best decision I've ever made.

THank you Amazon.com for your excellent service. Ordering a cell phone thru your website is very easy. The phone is what I expected.The whole process was easy and simple. Thank you.

I got this phone acouple of days ago and I can barely tear myself away from it. It's loaded with cool features and for a nominal fee, I can surf the web wherever I am (or a least a few sites that I visit regularly). T-mobile now offers Yahoo! services on this phone and it is really going to come in handy.The only problem I have is with T-mobile's coverage. While I live and work in a well covered area (Excellent coverage according to T-Mobile), I was truly disappointed when I got to work and could not get a signal on the 3rd floor of a 4 story building. I was formerly with Verizon and never had an issue with reception. This is going to take some getting used to. Granted I don't talk on my cell phone a lot in the office, but I can only imagine what other problems this could cause.The phone was free, the contract is only for a year and I have a pretty cool phone. I'd say not too bad.

Let me write about the feautures I use the most:1. Calling - Voice clarity and signal strength is very good in the mini wonder called A630. I carefully analyzed the various t-mobile phones in the market and finally decided to take my chance with the A630. It is highly rated and rightly so. The blue backlight and exterior buttons make it appear like any normal phone and I like that bcos, if u want your phone to be inconspicuous then this is the one. Also battery is saved. Once u flip open, the display is landscape color and vivid. The navigation buttons are easy and you can quickly learn.2. Bluetooth - The feature I like the most and use the most - combined with a bluetoth headset (HS810), I use my handset sparingly and have never dropped calls. The voice dialling enables me to store all my contacts names as voice names and I dont have to even go to my handset to dial.3. Email - The t-zones is pretty decent for email access and the qwerty keyboard though small in appearance is actually the best I have used til date. I have never mistyped and the spacing between keys is decent.All in all a highly recommended phone.

Overall the phone is decent, with good speakerphone quality and is quite well summarized in all the other reviews. One thing however that surprises me and that no one has mentioned before is the fact that the phone does not have *any* accompanying software either on a CD or for download.So, if I have to move my 100+ contacts from my old Nokia 3650 to my new A630, I have to either punch it in manually or fork out atleast $30 for purchasing the software. I feel that it is total BS to have to fork another $30 for a phone that retails at $350 for getting functionality that is pretty standard on most other phones. (My 3650 had the software bundled for free.)I feel that this is appalling! Hence my relatively low rating! Guess, I have no other option but to fork over another $30 and get the stupid software.

It works even in low signal areas. Its the best handset I have ever seen. Its battery life is very good ...gives a very long talk time as mentioned in the specifications.

Over the past two years I have gone through Verizon, T-Mobile, And Cingular Wireless. By far, Verizon had the best coverage, Cingualr had some of the best features (ie. Rollover), and T-Mobile has the BEST RATE PLANS & THE BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE, which I didn't realize make sthat much of the difference until I canceled my Verizon contract and went with T-Mobile.I have had several phone swith each carrier from the LG VX 6000, LG VX7000, Moto V300, and four V600s. By far this is is the best phone to date.The build is solid, the design is smart and sexy. The features are on target and I am thoroughly impresed. Like most new motos the software lags slightly and the camera isn't the best. However, those are the only two real shortcomes that make little difference at the end of the day.The Speakerphone is loud and clear, the internal speaker works great. The Bluetooth is solid as is the voice dialing and other features.The menus are difficualt at first to understand, but after a day they became easy to manuevor and you can personalize the phone so much to your taste which really helps you tailor the A630 for you.I love how you can open the phone and speakerphone turns on automatically and every says I am very loud and clear. THe games are decent and the office tools come in handy: calculator, voice recorder, alarm clock, etc.LAstly, the syncing kit is awesome and fun to use. THe phone has all my own ringers, outlook contacts, and backgrounds!OVERALL: This is a solid phone that is much better then Motorola's other new phones which are VERY buggy (V600, V300, etc.). The features are awesome, the build is solid, and the design is cool. The keyboard and menus take some getting use to, but after a day or two of practice and some personalization this phone exceeds ALL expectations!!!

If you are like me and love email, chat, and SMS and do not want to compromise phone functionality this may be just the device for you.  I am very happy with it!I have been waiting for a device in this form factor and with the performance for a long time.  The keyboard is very useable and makes sms, chat, and email a breeze when out and about.  The ringer is good a loud and I love being able to play "London Calling" by The Clash when calls come in from overseas!  The phone works great, easy to hear.  The spekerphone function comes in handy when I need to listen and take notes.  The T-Mobile POP/IMAP email service works as expected.  I can get alerts when new mail comes in and the phone is triggered to retrieve the mail messages on the account.There are some annoyances though:It is not supported by iSync on the Mac - Bummer.The bluetooth seems to be disabled for anything other than a headset.  I have yet to be able to get in and exchang files between my OS X mac and the A630.  The Alarm function is kludgy compared to my Sony/Ericsson.  I loved the recurring alarm settings where I could seet what day I want the alarm to go off on. (a nit)Other than those things... it is a real winner.  As long as you are not counting on it working with iSync and exchanging files with a mac (forget Salling Clicker for now) I think you will be happy with this phone.

I agree with many of the other reviewers, that the volume is set too low, and that the phone does not come with tons of features as a Nokia or Sony phone.  But as a user familiar with other Motorola phones, the interface is very easy to master.  What I most use this phone for is to be able to access the internet with my pda.  Of course you need to suscribe to T-mobile unlimited data service first, but the cabability of my pda to connect to the phone via Bluetooth is great.  Now check coverage map first before you decide that T-mobile is for you, but as for me with the cheapest voice plan + $20 unlimited data plan, it rocks.

Disclaimer: This is a first two weeks of use review.A630 with T-mobile service to this point seems like a very good phone.  I ordered both a V330 and an A630 through Amazon.  They both came in as expected.  From the beginning I noticed a strong signal difference between the two phones.  The V330 had excellent coverage throughout my house.  The A630 would barely work.  I was able to get to function in my house with an external antena(?sp).  It worked marginally outside with frequent dropped calls.  I contacted Motorola early on.  The technician felt that I had a defective phone and that I should contact Amazon.  I have heard some horror stories dealing with them so I was a little skeptical.  I sent an email first.  They said that they would definitely take care of it, but that there might me a software update that would fix it.  I contacted T-mobile and my issues did not match the software fix (the fix would come from Motorola).  So I sent an exchange request to Amazon.  They sent my new phone out 2nd day air the day I requested the exchange and provided me with a return shipping authorization (I have 30 days to use) to send the defective phone back.  The new phone has just as good a signal as the V330 my wife is using.  I am quite pleased.  I would have given 5 stars except for the defective unit.As for the function of the phone.  It is very good.  I think the navigation on the V330 is a little cleaner, but the typing capabilities of the A630 offset that for me since I want it as a way to respond to email.  I have purchased the datapilot software and the calander and phonebook functions work great.  The bluetooth connectivity is nice and works well.  I can't wait to try out a bluetooth headset.

This phone is almost the same size as my v525 (last phone) but yet you get a full keyboard!  I love that.  Also, most frequently used functions can be accessed without opening the phone up including looking in you phonebook, making a call, silencing the ringer, etc.  I do not have the problem someone else mentioned that the calls disconnect every 10 minutes or so - even if t-mo customer service said that was a bug in the phone I have never had it happen.  The keyboard is good for the text messaging I do.  No more T9!  Yes!The camera isn't the best but it is the same as the v600 phone and similar Moto models.  Bluetooth works fabulously.  Battery life - I don't talk on the phone a tremendous amount and I only have to charge it every other day.  I love the alarm clock and that I can snooze it without opening the phone up.  I think this is a great value and you'll be pleased with it!

My moto v66 recently had a display failure, shopped til I found a630 at great price (amazon) and have had phone for a week. Phone has better reception that the 66 and feels more durable. For a candy bar phone it is small, only a little bigger than the flip phones I've always used, fits easily into pockets.Tones are clear and loud, if a little difficult to find, the items menu on the 66 was more easily accessed. Menus you need the most are placed in more remote areas. Also moto has poor charging hardware which always seem to bend and lose contact resulting in "unable to charge" messages, hasn't happened yet but with same hardware I know it's in my future. Screens are excellent, large, bright, easily read. Headset works great. A good phone but a little extra thought would have made it one of the best.

It looks cute but it's not a phone u would use everyday. The first time I got it, it wouldn't charge after just a week. I tried all the chargers we had and when we really couldn't charge the phone, we returned it to the dealer we got it from and they exchanged it because it was defective. After 6 months, now I'm having the same problem with charging it. The batt is dead and I can't even exhange it anymore. My other friends who has the same phone as me has the same problem with it too. I don't recommend it.

it's the worst cell phone I had to date.1 this phone has 1 to 2 second delay when buttons are pressed.2 because of slow button key I kept doing and unding key lock/unlock several times to actually call anyone.3. battery life is only about 48hrs (standby) and defintly not 200 some minutes as what this phone's spec says.4. phonebook is pretty messedup. phone book name displys only first half of first line, although it allows you to enter two lines.5. on/off button some times takes second try.6. it's not straight forward to save work/home/mobile... under one name.7. phone charger connection is so flimsy that in certain position it won't charge. design is pretty messed up.8. 1/8" of color lcd screen is already dying only after 5 month of useage.9. signal is very poor. I'm sure this lot more to do with Tmobile.Basically slow and unintuitive phone.Bright side of all this is that Tmobile contact is only for one year.

PROS:The keybad is the reason why I wanted the phone, it looks nice and seems to be easier than the NOKIA 6820 which I had.CONS:Almost everything but the keyboard. the overall shape of the phone makes it very easy to slide off of the hand and fall2- the bluetooth on this phone (and perhaps all motorola's phones) is pretty bad when compared to Nokia and ericsson phones at the same price range.  you cannot have your phone always discoverable is the first and biggest problem.3- you cannot transfer images that are large ( idid not check the exact size but I know that you can recieve a 35kb picture but when you try to open it the phone says it is too large!!!)4- (this might be my bad luck only) I had to return 3 phones to Amazon because of different reasons ranging from a corrupt system that kept on turning on and off .. blue screen.. and finaly the battery that is not keeping a charge. I believe I am on my 4th trial phone right now, and I think it will be going back too, since after doing the three full charges (fully charge - wait untill it is completely empty - start over) the battery is still not holding a charge for longer than 1 (maximum 1 1/2 days ) on stand-by !!!! I think this is my luck only since I have not seen others that say bad things about the battery of this phone.I will recommend to all of you who are interested in this phone for it's keyboared to go with the Nokia 6820 which has much more futures and takes you further into the future (the biggest problem with that phone is it's camera)Layth

I bought this phone 2 months ago. It is really cute and beautiful phone...but I have been noticing some problems in the phone down the time...I would like to share them with everyone...Pros:1) The phone looks pretty good. Everyone gets attracted by the phone.2) The cute little keyboard is great for SMS (but big hand fellows see the Cons section)3) Battery life is fine for me. I am not a frequent call maker so it's ok to me4) Easy Volume control (over the side of the phone)5) Blue tooth technology is great. I transferred some ringtones from another Motorola phone easily.6) Voice clarity is good (not the speaker, see the Cons section)7) The screen shows many little icons explaining several things (the phone ring style, battery life, signal, Bluetooth etc). Those icons are really cool and self explanatory...Cons:1) The biggest problem is the phone calls get disconnected automatically every 10 or 11 minutes. I called the customer service and found out that it's the bug in the phone. We need to switch it off and switch it on everyday to get rid of that problem. I am doing that. Now I don't have the problem. But this is really weird and funny that we need to do something to keep the phone good...ridiculous. My laughs for the Motorola's software team of this product.2) The keyboard is good but not that good. It is not suitable for big hands. You will feel uncomfortable typing some keys especially the ones in the top row. The menu navigation is also not that easy.3) The speaker phone is really cool feature but the volume really sucks.4) One big hassle I am facing is "Call Waiting", "Conference". It is a nightmare to attend a call which is waiting or setup a conference. Several times, I have ended up linking the 2 incoming calls without my knowledge. When you are in a call and if you get a new incoming call, you won't be able to put all the calls on conference. You can only do switching between calls or linking those 2 other calls (not you). For example, if you are on a call say CALL1 and you are receiving CALL2. Now there is no way you can disconnect CALL1. During call waiting, the disconnect button will be used as the Link between CALL1 and CALL2. So if you try to disconnect CALL1, you will end up linking CALL1 and CALL2. Hassle, Hassle, Hassle and it is more complicated in conference calls...you cannot make conference call without opening the flipflop....ok enough....too many issues here....5) As usual with other phones, the screen display is not properly visible during day time.6) Ok, one more big problem. You can't get a carry case for this model very easily. It's very hard to get the one which fits perfectly. I got Krussel carrying case which is ok. But even I am finding difficulties connecting my charger to the phone when it is in the case. The Case cost itself will be more than 20 dollars...it is so delicate that you definitely need a case.7) I could find several small software bugs all over the phone whenever I start exploring it.8) Searching the phonebook is limited to only first character of the entryUnknown:1) I used camera but I have not transferred the photos to computer so no comments2) I did not use Bluetooth technology that extensively3) I never used the phone for chat or emails I use it only for SMS.

I saw the Motorola A630 phone at the T-Mobile store and knew it was what I wanted. It had all the features I needed (which is basically a mobile phone) and many of the fun features that I wanted (like the camera, bluetooth and AOL Instant Messaging). I really liked the flip to reveal the QWERTY keyboard. I was impressed that the A630 had all of these features and the overall package was stylish, too (the keyboard without having to carry around a Blackberry was a huse benefit).When I got the phone I was immeditially impresseed with how easy it was to use. I was able to get the feel of the basic features very quickly. Using the IM and camera were easy. I was disappointed that the phone's camera didn't have a zoom like the V600, after all, it did have all the other features. But quicklly reading the manual, I was pleasantly surpriseed to realize that it does. I also liked the delayed shutter option so I can be in my own pictures.But the reason I only gave 4 stars...The only thing I don't like about the phone, well, more what I don't like about Motorola's phones, is that they are a little backwards from other phones. I have owned Nokia and Siemens phones and they all have the talk/activate button and the releasee button opposite from Motorols (I also owned a V60). This makes me place a lot of accidental calls and hang ups. Just a little getting used to.One other feature I don't like abou this phone (and is probably the most annoying that I have found) is in the phonebook. If I want multiple phone numbers for one person, the phone creates a 'profile' for each number. So, if I have a person in my phonebook with 3-4 numbers (and it's not unrealistic these days), then I have to scroll through 3-4 names. This significanlty increases the number of contacts in my phone book. I would like to have one name with all the numbers and e-mail addresses available.Overall, though, this phone is awesome. It is one of the best, if not the best I have owned. I would highly recommend this phone to people who like form and function -- it definately has both.

If it was possible to rate this cell phone a 0 then I would...I have had many cell phones over the last 10 years, and this by FAR was the WORST cell phone I have ever owned...TMobile also BROKE A NEGOTIATED CONTRACT with me without any recognition or attempt to reconcile the contract(since I wanted to stay with them I told them that I would set up a 1 year contract and pay TOP dollar for this phone, because I wanted it so badly at the time it came out, they said after managment approval that they would give me one month of free service)... too bad you cant charge a cell phone company money if THEY break the contract... due to this now that my contract is up I am in the proccess porting my number, horrible horrible business practices they should be ashamed...now onto the phone...worked great for about a month until the jack on the bottom for power stopped working, then I tried replacing the charger and wound up having to buy an external charger... more money just to have a decent looking phone... dropped it once and got a crack on the outside display, the motorola interface is so incredibly counter intuitive who ever designed the OS should be shot... the blue tooth works great, however I get horrible reception EVERYWHERE while other phones(still tmobile) get regular reception, this phone drops calls like its going out of style... Most Java apps will crash the OS as well as AIM will crash the OS as well as occasionally writting Text messages will crash the OS... just about everything you do will crash the OS, Oh and after having it for just over a year it is starting to crash when the signal gets low...I learned a 300$ lesson in buying this phone, and a much much larger lesson(in dollar amount) was learned from TMobile, just how exactly NOT to run a business...This from a 3 year Family plan customer paying over 100$ a month for included services, one would think that 3,600$ would purchase  you some kind of consideration and decency...

this phone is a true hit.Its not only easy to use but easy to carry. I have read in some reveiws that its a very compact phone, but thats not true.I am so pleased with my purchase,I have no problem what so ever.THE ONLY negetive point about this phone is its ringer volume is little slow, but thats ok its not that low either.I must say Moto phones are surely taking up heights.THis phone is excellent for people who do lots of sms and on the go web use.Must have phone.

All of this phone's features are very well designed, and it's very hard to find faults.  This is my 4th mobile phone overall, and by far the best.  This is my first phone with T-Mobile and I'm very pleased with their pay-as-you-go plan.  I'm saving some about 70% per month compared to what I was paying with Sprint, plus the reception is just a little better.The screen is magnificent.  It's very high resolution with bright, beautiful colors, making it perfect for just about any custom background image.  Do yourself a favor and download some high-quality images off the web and then shrink them for the phone.  The quality is quite impressive.The QWERTY keyboard is well thought-out and intuitive.  The only complaint I have is that the buttons have to be pressed hard which makes fast typing impossible.  It's excellent for text messaging, note-taking (which I use every day), and phone book editing.The phone book design isn't especially intuitive, but it gets the job done.  Motorola should really look around at the competitors because they all seem to be doing this better.PDA functions are good if you're not a PDA user.  But this phone is no PDA replacement.  Did I mention I really like the quick notes feature?  The calculator works but could really use some additional features.  The included games are ok and I would really like to purchase more, but T-Mobile doesn't allow it on this plan, which sucks.  They don't even offer this option.The camera is quite good by phone standards and takes/stores pictures quicker than most competitors.  The quality is good and the folder tree structure is nice (why aren't all the phones designed this way???) but the memory is pretty small and the phone desparately wants a flash memory slot.Like most modern phones, this thing has a ton of useless ringers built in.  They are polyphonic, which means that you can't hear them 90% of the time.  There are only 2 or 3 rings that can be heard when the phone is in my pocket.Ok, now for the really bad part.  The only way to transfer music/files/photos to and from this phone is through the Motorola software which is horrible.  It's extremely quirky with the expensive Bluetooth adapter and is NOT designed to work under Windows XP.  The bluetooth driver gets constantly overwritten by Windows and I have to go back and reinstall it manually at least once a week for it to work again.  Then a few days later, the Windows Bluetooth driver has replaced it and I have to start all over again.  Why this thing isn't Windows XP-compliant is beyond me.Even after getting the software working, the Bluetooth connection is excruciatingly slow.  A standard 35kb photo typically takes 1-2 minutes to transfer to a PC.  It's the same slow speed with audio files too.  I assume a USB connection is faster, but I can't verify that.  I let the salesman talk me out of a cable and into a bluetooth adapter instead.  What a mistake that was.

Pros:1. Compact in Size;2. eye-ball-absorber design;3. Good bluetooth connection (w/ HS820 headset);4. Convinient input keyboard;5. The screen is clear enough to show a vivid picture;Cons:1. battery is toooooo weak. A full charged battery can only last for one day (with normal amount of incoming and outgoing calls and without any other devices connected). A lot shorter than they claimed in the description (6 days in waiting mode)!2. A little bulky compared tp other camera phones(like samsung);3. The phonebook is a little different from all the other brands;4. System freezed up once when I input phone numbers with bluetooth device connected. I have to reset it by taking the battery out;5. No zoom function with the build-in camera; Can't observe the picture from front small screen when taking photos with the phone closed;6. No software; Just one Java game come with the unit. No choiceother than purchasing more on line.

I was more than excited upon seeing the phone online before it released.There is a definate "cool factor" involved in the phone.  And not a lot of people have it, which is something I like. It was a little bigger than I really wanted, but I liked the qwerty keyboard and how easy it was to send text messages.  But since I am a girl and have smaller hands, it works well enough for me, but not for someone with large hands or really long nails.I have had issues wtih it charging correctly, and am on my second phone.  When I called T-mobile to fix the problem, they were extremely nice and patient.  They sent another phone, which I was lucky because it was not a referbished one.  Now, I'm awaiting my new battery, which they say is now the problem with the phone.Overall, I'm indifferent about the whole situation.  I paid a good bit of money for this phone, and haven't used it in over a month.  Motorola and T-mobile have been extremely nice and hepful to me when I call with my issues.  If I was not a college student and had a job where I needed to call people constantly, I would not buy the phone.  But, because I don't use it to make business transactions, it does what I need it to do...when it is actually taking a charge. :-)

I've had this phone for about a year now. As a phone its pretty good as far as voice quality and reception. It fits well in the palm of the hand and in pocket. The keyboard is very handy for entering info into the phonebook. The Camera also takes good pictures for a phone camera.My phone did have an issue with charging and retaining charge of the battery (as also mentioned by someone else in their review). I took it to a local T-Mobile store and they filled out a warranty form to get it exchanged and received a replacement in 4 days. So far no problems with the replacement phone.Overall functions very well as a phone and is very stylish. Just watch out for potential issue with charging and retaining charge

The only way I figured out to bypass the capitalization problem is to type the first letter of your screen name and password twice and then go back and delete the first letter that is cap. Hope this is helpful. :D

The phone looks spectacular, and fits in a pocket without a problem... but the controls for its more complicated features are far from intuitive. I still really like it. You can also "make your own" ring tones by creating an mp3, hosting it on a web server, and pointing the phones browser there. Pretty neat. Overall, I like it a lot, but have so far had problems with understanding the appropriate T-Mobile service plans. Still generally satisfied, wouldn't do anything differently, just wish everything was a little smoother.

Amazon shipped me a defective phone, which T-Mobile willreplace (free of charge). I'm not too happy with that,first of all because T-Mobile will not guarantee that thereplacement is brand-new (it could be refurbished),secondly, why did I get a defective phone to begin with --where's the quality control?Playing around with the phone (it is partially functional),there's a bit of a "production prototype" feel to it, forexample the external keyboard moves around the case, likea millimiter or so in any direction you push it; the internalkeyboard is rather loud and creaky, it does not have anywherenear the "quality feel" as my old Blackberry.HOWEVER, I still have to give this phone 4 stars, becauseyou cannot find anything like it in the market, for thefeatures, weight, price, and size combination. It trulyhas no competition right now, so Motorola can get away withstuff they would not be able to if Nokia had a similar phoneout on the market.

I love this phone i recently just purchased it from Amazon, i was kinda scared at first because I really don't trust online orders, but everything went well i recieved my phone in 2 days. It's so awesome, something I must point out is that a lot of people were saying that the screen inside is too small?! well no it isn't its actually a nice wide screen, very easy to read, and very bright, another review that I read stated that the fully integrated camera is useless, that the pics come out blurry, and/or crappy, NOT TRUE, I really wanna say its not a SONY CAM either, don't expect crystal clear pics FROM A CAMERA phone because it's not gonna happen, the pictures in FACT come out fair, like a camera phone pic would come out. The web browser is great, I can see my e-mail at work, shows the news, the showtimes, the movies, and even reviews from the movies, like any other phone with browser would, some people said that the phone book was such a hassle, and the menu was sooo weird, and it was so hard to get, well....it's not that hard it's pretty much self-explainatory. I LOVE THIS PHONE! ! ! U WILL DEFINITELY GET A COMPLIMENT EVERYWHERE U GO! Oh yeah the BATTERY LIFE ISS SOOO GOOD ! I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH LOL,, 5 STARS BABY!!!

This phone is good for the price, but if you really want a good mobile email solution, get a Sidekick II.Positive:The A630 has good sound quality, and absolutely fantastic sound quality if you use a bluetooth headset. T-Zones service is an inexpensive way to gain access to your POP3 email accounts. It has a keyboard. You can download pictures to and from your computer using a bluetooth connection (I did this using my Mac).Negative:The built-in email software is very poorly designed. It is sloooo[...] It requires way too many key clicks to accomplish common tasks. The most common email commands are buried in the menus, the least common commands occupy the prime spots. Someone didn't think about this enough. It takes me 7 clicks to delete a message -- that's too much. They don't take advantage of the keyboard enough: The keyboard has a Delete key, but you can't use it to delete a message. That's a waste. Likewise, you have to scroll through your emails one...line...at...a...time. Why not use the space bar as a quick scroller, like in Outlook? To issue a command, you have to use the menu and arrow keys. They should have assigned letter or number keys to each menu command so you can navigate more quickly with single keypresses. (My old Sony-Ericsson phone had this feature)The case is pretty, but because it's perfectly symmetrical, you can't tell which end is up by feel alone. The keyboard is so slick that you can't dial by feel either -- you need to look. These are safety issues. (but if you have a headset, you can dial by voice)So far, the battery doesn't last more than a day with below-average use.The A630 is best for people who want bluetooth, and who primarily talk or text, and who use POP3 occasionally, or not at all.

This phone is by far the most unique and functional phone I have ever own.  yes, yes, yes, if you read other reviews, they will tell you it is not your mobile office, doesn't have software and blah,blah, blah.  However, this phone is compact and cute, really comfortable keyboard, and very bright screen for indoor usage.  This phone also comes with IM and SMS features, which fills up my apetite for chatting while I am outta the office.  so to the people who have a beef with the excellent little phone, "WHAT^EVER"so IMHO (not I am Homer, its In My Humble Opinion), anyone who luvs an eye candy that packs with cool features will certainly enjoy this phone.-mo (excited to be the first to review my favorite phone)

It's a really good looking phone in a good size.Major con:- You won't be able to hear the caller unless you use the speaker or hands-free!- There is a major error in the user manual that took me hours to find "Settings" of the phone.- The only availible holster is in leather - not very attractive.

I think this phone has a lot of cool features and capability.  You can AIM friends, take and send pictures and surf the web from a cool computer like phoine.  I rate this phone a 5!Anna

The phone is very handy with a good keyboard and lots of features.  The problem with my first phone was a malfunction of several keys ("1", "8", and green talk button).  They did not work, so I exchanged it within the first month.  Two months later, the microphone stopped working.  I could hear people, but they couldn't hear me.  Hopefully 3 times is a charm.  I have had the current phoen for 4 months with no further problems.  I've had no charging problems like other people.  I also have poor reception in my house, but I'm not sure if it's the phone or T-mobile.

Worked fine for one month and hence am giving 1 star to it. Dropped it once on floor. Since then the microphone stopped working intermittently. Contacted tmobile, they told that they sent another piece, and never got one.And tmobile: I moved from Texas to Boston. Most of the times its out of coverage. Even in busiest business areas, it hardly shows one line.So my suggestion: If you don't maintain a belt pouch for this phone, donot buy, coz once you drop it, you might end up 'NOT BEING HEARD', and if you are in Boston area, don't think about tmobile.

If you have large hands ( like me ) you will find the keyboard difficult to use. I had particular difficulty with the 5-way directional button. No matter how carefully I used the button I ended up hitting the adjacent buttons too. I also had problems using the camera feature because of it's tiny size. However, in the interest of full disclosure, I am a bit of a klutz. I was also displeased to find that the unit's limited memory made any real web browsing impossible. Also, there appears to be no Bluetooth compatibility with Macs. It will sync with the use of a data cable ( a separate purchase required ), but I think it's a shame to spend the extra bucks for Bluetooth only to find it is of limited use.What made me decide to return the phone was that I found the signal to be weaker than any other cell I have ever owned. We live in a little valley that compromises the signal of any cell phone, but the A630 couldn't establish a solid connection.It's a great looking device and it feels very well built. The screen is small, though it provides a very sharp image. I strongly expect that a more nimble fingered PC user might find the phone's many features to be tons of fun.

I have never been more excited about a new phone.  Which maybe explains why I am now more disappointed with it than I have in any other that's come before.If you are looking to get this phone for it's internal features, I sugest you move on or wait.  While it does have bluetooth, apparently it's a cocked-up version of it.I don't know how it works with PCs, but Mac owners beware.You can use it as a mobile modem for your bluetooth-enabled laptop, although I have not bothered to try it.  The main reason I am so disappointed with it is that you can not use iSync with it - there is no importing of contacts or calendars etc.  Not in the fashion Mac users have come to expect.  One can purchase an additional Motorola-to-USB cable and, with additional software, port some things over... but that defeats the purpose of bluetooth in the first place.  One can send a contact from their address book on their computer to the phone, but only one by one.I've tried numerous hacks into both the iSync software as well as the firmware on the phone without any success.  Even those with more advanced skills are coming up short.Then there's Motorola's wonky address interface.  A separate entry for EVERY number or email address?Example: John has 5 phones and 2 email addresses.  Instead of there being one entry for John with 7 different contact options, there are 7 different Johns.This means if you have 100 contacts and each one has a home number, a cell phone and an email address, you will have 300 different entries in your A630's address book.  Ridiculous.Apparently there is a way to condense all of those, but I'm tired of trying.  I got this phone to USE, not to tinker with.A final few notes:Instant Messenger is over SMS instead of the unlimited GPRS so each sent IM is charged as a text message.Construction, despite being dogged a bit in other reviews, seems fairly sturdy.Reception, well, I admit to being a bit dissappointed that there is no extendable antenna as service isn't particularly clear.Design is awesome but the interior screen could be bigger - current;y 1.5"x1.25" - could easily have been lengthened by at least another half-inch.  But that's just nit-picking and wanting more, more, more.All in all, with much saddness and some hesitation, I'm probably going to send it back and cancel my service.  Which is too bad as I really, REALLY like everything else about this phone.  But if you can't cure the beast, you gotta put it down.

I was looking for replacement for my Palm m130, and this phone, while being advanced with it's keyboard and other functions, is not a Palm replacement.Don't buy this through Amazon. (...).Anyway, you will need "Motorola mobile phone tools" to synchronize the calendar and contacts to Outlook, for instance.  I believe this works with Lotus Notes as well, but can't confirm it.  This process is very kludgy compared to the intergration of Palm's software with the desktop, so that was disappointing for me.With T-Mobile service, many of the useful ports for J2ME (Java 2.x mobile edition) are not usable if they access the Internet.  T-Mobile blocked a lot of ports, enough that it disabled many of the applications I wanted to use.  Google's mobile mapping program and other interesting app's were prevented from being used.  Very disappointing.On the plus side, the phone is quite small, has a nice screen inside, and the bluetooth implementation is excellent.  I have used this repeatedly with my Logitech Mobile Freedom headset and it's great.  It also connects to at least the Belkin bluetooth key nicely on WinXP as well.  No issues there.  I've heard complaints about it not working well (bluetooth), but if you follow the usb key's instructions, everything should go fine.The calendar is good, being a phone.  The MP3-like playback of ring tones is nice.  It's not exactly awesome playback since it has a tiny speaker, but it's surprisingly loud.  Speaker phone usage is good as well.  It definitely does not lack power there.Battery life is not what the spec's said.  Expect 2-3 days max between recharges, probably closer to 1-2 days if you are frequently calling on it and/or using bluetooth a lot.  Most of us are used to charging your phone daily, though, so who cares, right?It's a good PHONE.  It's not a PDA replacement.  If you're into SMS, this is a good phone.  If you only need phone functionality, speaker phone, and bluetooth, a lower priced model would work for you.  If you can sync your calendar and contacts, this might work well for you.  If you want to replace your Palm, you need something running Palm, Windows Mobile, or Symbios...

Pros:*Battery life is really good.  I can go at least three  days with out a charge.  That is with average use.*Keyboard is very handy to have.*Color screen is very good quality*Nice small size. Works great in the belt clip.*Pretty good receptionCons:*It's very lame that you must purchase the software to sync the phone to your computer separately.  It should be included with the phone.*The buttons respond extremely slow.  When my phone rings I have to hit the answer button more than once then I realized the phone we responding slowly so now I hit the answer button and wait a second.  Also I kept turning off my phone because I would hang up a call and the call wouldn't end right away and I would hit the button again and then the call would end and the phone would turn off.*Volume is a HUGE issue with this phone.  The ringer is not loud enough and the sound volume is to quite.  Sometime I have to put it on speaker phone and hold the speaker up to my ear.  It's fine if you only use the phone in quite places with no noise.  Like in an office, but in the car and on the street it's way to quite.*The charger connection is a bad design.*Call-waiting/returning to a call after putting it on hold is not easy to figure out quickly*The Motorola software on the phone is lame.  The address book creates a new entry for each number.  Why can't you look up the person and pick if you want to call the cell or home number.  I don't like having three entries for the same person on my phone. Home, mobile, work.*Button can be pressed sometimes when the keys are locked.

The concept of the phone is terrific.  I have to use a 2-way pager for work, and instead of carting around a cell phone and bulky pager, I now just have this one small item.  And while I didn't think I'd really use it, the Bluetooth functionality has definitely sold me.  I can use it not only for a wireless headset, but to connect to the internet and to transfer sound files back and forth as well.The software of the phone seems to be a bit buggy still, unfortunately.  When I lock the keypad, I still sometimes hear tones when the keypad is pressed and the display lights up.  The menus are sometimes slow to respond, delaying as much as 2 full seconds (doesn't sound like much, but it can be irritating).Overall, I'd buy the phone again without hesitation, but I'm an early adopter.  If you're willing to put up with the occassional buggy behavior, I'd definitely recommend this phone.

I agree with one of the reviewers about 3.5 stars on the phone. I like the compact design, the Sidekick is way too big. I've had it for about a month and bought the new HS850 bluetooth and both work well together. Unlike one review said, there is a zoom on the camera, you use the volume buttons. The camera itself is ok. The QWERTY keyboard is really useful for email and text messaging, although sometimes I do miss the T9 function. I could text message with T9 with one hand, without looking and while driving. Can't really do that with this phone...guess that's a good thing! The speakerphone is adequate, and does not require optional equipment like another reviewer wrote. The battery life is short as compared to my previous phone, Sanyo 4900. Standby, without doing anything iwth the phone, may be about 100-120 hrs or so. But with normal use, you're gonna most likely charge this phone every 3rd day, and with heavy use, every other day. One thing I did notice, and is quite annoying...is that accessing my yahoo email through T-zone, the phone won't let me type in the first letter in lowercase. I know I'm supposed to hit the shift button to switch it, but the phone keeps beeping and doesn't allow me to do so. Tech support doesn't seem to know what's going on. This is important since passwords are case sensitive. So make the first letter of the password a cap? Sure, I thought I outsmarted the phone, then realized that when accessing Yahoo Messenger, it won't let you cap the first letter! If anyone knows how to circumvent this, I'd like to know. And don't tell me how your phone works if it's not an A630. One of the tech people tried to tell me to hit the # key. That doesn't do anything when you're using an A630!!!The option to save your phone contacts on the simcard, OR on the phone can be confusing at first. I also wish there was a faster way to get bluetooth connection instead of having to run through the menus. I'm sure there's a way to do so, I just haven't figured it out yet.Overall, I'm satisfied with the phone since it was free after rebate. You won't find a better deal at the local stores. I do notice that the T-mobile connection in Dallas, TX area is not as good as my old Sprint connection, which is quite disappointing. But at least it's only a year contract!

I bought my a630 in May, and after a few months of heavy use (got a 2500 minute plan) I can say that there are definitely some flaws:- The charger connection really is finicky, and Motorola uses this charger across the board, so they really should address *now*.- The sound quality varies hugely depending on how you hold the phone to your ear. You have to get that tiny little slot directly centered on your ear if you want full volume. (a bad case of design winning over function)- The e-mail and web browser software is pretty light in terms of capability. But two things help. 1) Surf the web through Google - they adapt anything in their search results to fit a cell phone, so you can surf a lot of sites that would otherwise be impossible. 2) Get new software - this phone runs on Java's J2ME, so you can just get better applications, just like on a PC.Those are the cons. The pros are- A very long battery life. I run multiple hour-long con-calls back-to-back, no problem.- A real keyboard. You can type a paragraph-long e-mail without even a hint of frustration.- A sharp color screen, in everything but the brightest sunlight.- Cool factor. To most people, this means showing-off the unique flip-open design - "look, I have a Zoolander laptop!". To me, it's the opposite. I have 50-75% of a Blackberry's capabilities, but I can pull out this phone in a social setting without feeling like I have a dorky scientific calculator hanging off my face. Discrete, yet capable.

The A630 is another ground-breaking handset design from Motorola.  It showcases the ingenuity of American engineering when you see the QWERTY keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight (4 oz.) cell phone.  It's stylish, too, and has great reception -- that is, where T-Mobile has coverage at all.  Compared to the Sidekick II and many other T-Mobile phones, the A630 has the best signal-keeping capability, but T-Mobile just sucks big time, unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers.  Worse, their GPRS (data) network is slow and congested.  While surfing the web on the A630 is really cool when the network is accessible, for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible.  We really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services.

Most of Motorola's offerings lately have been getting a bum rap (and with the many software bugs, for good reason). However, the A630 is a stand-out and a great phone.  I have been looking for a small phone with a keyboard and think the Treo, Sidekick, etc are just too big to carry around for everyday use. The a630 is much smaller and about the size of any other clamshell (it just opens landscape style and is a bit thicker due to the keyboard, etc) - still very carryable. I had the old Motorola T900 2-way pager and this is the exact same size. Also if you used one of those, the keyboard layout is the same and just as easy to use.First thing is it turns heads. The 'wow' factor of this phone is high. RF is great. Battery life is good - 2 days no problem with heavy use (camera, texting, phone). The phone-like pad on the outside is a great feature and capable of basic phone stuff like text msgs, phonebook, change ring style, etc. On the inside the qwerty keyboard and full phone capabilities are revealed. The camera is good enough for day-to-day snapshots. Bluetooth implementation is much better and I had no problems transferring apps, rings, photos, and using the phone as a bluetooth modem for my laptop, etc. w/ the built-in winXP bluetooth support. If you want more customization buy an OEM Motorola data cable and Phone Tools CD (much much cheaper on Ebay) Either way, the transfers are flawless. If you are a tinkerer, Motorola phones are some of the easiest to modify and upgrade yourself. There are several websites that will walk you through this and I for instance, was able to quad-band the phone and boost my earpiece, speakerphone volume, etc.My only nag is the phonebook! Motorola's implementation of the phonebook has to be the worst. Just like everyone else mentioned, if you have more than one # for the same person it will show as a seperate entry. The only way I found around this is to load all your #'s, but then filter the phonebook to show the primary number only. This way you only have one name displayed. Other people have complained about creaky plastic feel but I felt build quality was pretty solid. However, I don't think it would survive a drop test as well as other phones. My only other wish is that AIM was GPRS based and not SMS. You'll need a SMS package from Tmobile if you use this phone to it's fullest. Email implementation is also crippled by Tmobile and the a630 is goood for light email usage but is easily outperformed by the Sidekick or Blackberry for heavy use. If you are a corporate user and need real HTML and email, I would consider the Blackberry 7100t instead.Overall - The a630 is more fun than business and a great phone worthy of 5 stars but I could only give it 4 due to the phonebook. This is a better and more functional phone than any of the other Vxxx line from Motorola. I wouldn't take a V3 razor over this. That thing is a waste of money. THis is all IMO of course.

I initially liked this phone and had no complaints about it until it started to shut down whenever I would hit the end call button on the phone, right after I ended a call. I called T-Mobile to get another phone thinking that it may just have been a glitch in my original phone, but it isn't!! After complaining to T-Mobile again about the replacement phone, customer service informed me that it's a known problem with the phone and that there is nothing that they can do about it. So, I'm pretty much stuck with a useless phone! It doesn't matter what else the phone does, because it shuts off all the time without my knowledge. There has been dozens of times where I pull my phone out to use it and realize that it's shut off already. My family and friends are so annoyed at me because they say I never turn my phone on. What a piece of crap!! Don't buy it. Look for something else!!!!

I waited forever for this phone to come out.  I was ready to change providers and sign away my life and throw in my first born as a bonus. All the features, the form but, alas lacking in size. (Yes, size does matter!)Now that I see that the darned thing is about the size of the Wrigley's Doublemint Bonus Pak.  Therefore, it will be just as hard to find it in my purse as my gum is. (Don't these designers realize that most women do not use pockets?) I would not be able to feel the difference between the phone and my compact. (BTW...Don't those designers know that a phone cannot be answered within four rings when it is in the average handbag? We need 5 rings!)I realize that the phone is nothing at all like the powerhouse I envisioned.  I was frustrated with my small PDA screen for browsing the web and I now find that the screen on this phone is a fraction of that size.  I expected the company to take advantage of the landscape orientation to make a better and larger display.  NOT! Why did they even bother??I thought it would have a keyboard that is sizable enough that I would be able to do some seriously speedy keyboard work.  I guess I'll save money on manicures for now. I'll limp along for another year or two waiting for the next decent sized qwerty/wi-fi/bluetooth/quadband phone that has a useful display to match.Do women ever design these things?  I don't think so!

I don't see the huge problem with this phone.  I bought it today after extensive research on the web, especially through Amazon and Cnet.  After reading all the reviews (good and bad) I bought it today and I have no major complaints.  It is small and compact, which I love.  It is a little bit thicker than my Samsung, but the QWERTY keyboard is worth the thickness.  The phonebook takes some getting use to, as I have been programming all my numbers since my Verizon Samsung had no SIM card.  After programming 46 number (with more to go)it has become easy and fast.  I love when the phone is closed you can access your phonebook by pressing one button for Phonebook and scroll, by letter to find your entry.  It is simple.  The camera is O.K. yet, no big deal for me, because I have a digital camera, so I don't expect to turn into a photographer with a phone.  If you just want to text and talk on the phone this is a good choice.  The camera phone is O.K. if I needed to take a quick pic.  Alerts, Emails, maybe O.K., The ringer is Ok.  I don't see the huge complaint.  How loud should a ringer be? My other choice was the SideKick, but it is way tooo bulky and if you have a computer at home, work, school, why is it necessary to have the internet on the go.  That is not needed for me.  I would give this phone a 4 because it could have come with some software.  Yet, I'll give it a 5 because I got the $299.99 phone for Free.  Thanks T-Mobile and my salesperson.

I cannot be happier with this phone. The only problem with it is the fact that it is thicker then normal phones and is not good for carrying around in jeans pockets, which does not bother me since I prefer to carry it in a leather case anyway.If you've owned a motorola phone before you will not have any problems with the interface (if you haven't and can't figure things out, this is what the manual is for). Contrary to what some people are saying you can specify if a phone number is for a cell, work, home etc phone. However, if you need to use that functionality you must store your phone numbers on the phone memory and not the SIM card. (SIM cards can only hold simple phone info)The bluetooth works great - I use it with a HS850 headset.I also love the keyboard, entering data to phone is very very easy.

I bought this phone in December as a replacement for my pocketpc phone (T-Mobile) and so far I am relatively happy.  The size is great, not much fatter than my old Nokia 3390 and overall dimension compact.  Battery life is great too.  I primarily bought the phone for email capabilities and I am happy with it.  The only problem I had was a T-Mobile email problem in December.  Their systems were having problems and I felt like chucking the phone out the window...without email this phone is useless to me.  The keyboard is good although it took me a few days to get used to it as I have larger fingers.  I love using this phone to post pictures to my blog.  I use blogspot.com for hosting and flickr.com for handling photos.  I can take a picture and have it posted on my blog in less than a minute.  Documentation on the phone is fair at best.  It only comes with a house charger but I found OEM chargers on the web for cheap.  The bluetooth is ok, I used it to load all my contacts on the phone and that was fairly painless.  AOL IM (AIM) works great although I have heard some complaints that it only shows your first 25 buddies.  I don't have that many buddies so it's not a problem for me.If you want a compact phone that handles email and has a full keyboard, this is a great phone.

This phone is a quality Motorola product.  The phone is easy to use if you are use to the Motorola software.  Individuals that complain about the difficult to use software should of done more research before they made the purchase, especially since some inept consumers paid full price for this product.  Today you can get this phone not only for free, but get it through amazon and with the rebate you will actually get a profit of twenty-five dollars on the purchase.  There is only one large downside to the phone, the speaker at times is too low to be able to adequately hear others on the line.  The only other problem with this phone, is not the phone itself but the service it works on, T-Mobile.  Eventually T-mobile will be far superior to Verizon and Sprint because of their more advanced GSM technology but intill they saturate regions with their towers there will continue to be coverage issues.  I live in Boston, in the heart of downtown and my coverage is poor.  My Sprint phone gets excellent coverage and call quality but not the T-Mobile.  The only reason I stay with Sprint is because they have a very good network at this point, as anybody else noticed they have no selection of quality or cool phones????

I had two choices with phone category I was looking for - Motorola A630 and Sidekick II. I bought this phone over Sidekick II primarily because this one is compact (Sidekick is a brick compared to this).Pros:* Cool design, compact phone* Good Speakerphone (Clear & Loud Sound)* Qwerty Keyboard* Voice Memo Recorder/AIM/CameraCons:* The organization of the phonebook is difficult to understand initially. It needs a little time to get used to it. It could have been designed better.* The external display shows only names in the category you were editing/looking at the last time.* The camera is Ok (I guess similar to V300,V600 series)* 5mb limitAs far as the other posts that complain about battery life, I have not had any problems. Only thing I can say is the signal sometimes drops all of a sudden(I can't hear the other person) and after a couple of seconds comes back to normal.Overall a very good phone...sleek, cool compact and a ton of features.

I use the A630 for text messaging, and there isn't a cell phone on the market that is easier to use.  You open the phone up and type the message just like you would on a keyboard.  I have a friend that types on her A630 using her fore-fingers, and I use my thumbs.  I can crank out notes left and right.  The Bluetooth on it is cool too, I have a headset that makes talking quite easy, particularly when running between classes.  Finally, this device is a social MAGNET.  You carry it and everyone wants to check it out!

I got this phone a few days ago, and dont get me wrong, i have tried this phone out extensively.  QWERTY keyboard, Bluetooth (which is most likely my favorite feature), email capibility (setting up a pop3 account isnt the easiest thing, but after its set up, there is nothing hard bout uploading emails instantly), AIM, Great Small design, and a Camera with average picture....what more do people want?  Yes, a few functions arent as perfect as can be, but who cares?  This is one of VERY few phones with all these capabilities in your hand at the same time, take advantage of it!!!

I received this phone as a replacement for my ancient Nokia 3390. I had refused to switch to color phones before because the 3390 simply had the best AIM program around. I was able to easily IM, add or remove buddies and type at least 45 words per minute (without symbols) via T9. It also had Snake II, a very entertaining game. However, as the maximum amount of buddies that T-Mobile allowed on the phone declined from 30 to 10 to 6, I decided it was time to invest in a new one.The Motorola A630 has a bunch of really cool features. A decent camera, e-mail, 5MB of memory. Battery life is great, and I have no problems hearing other people, though I find that I need to talk a bit louder than I did with the Nokia 3390..but I do talk quietly normally, so it's probably more me than the phone. The AIM program is really good as well. However, I do have some problems with it.On the Nokia 3390, I was able to add or remove buddies, and I could also IM people that weren't on the list. The A630 doesn't allow me to do this, and I have to add or remove buddies on the computer. Also, the 3390 allowed me to update the buddy list whenever, as well as having a 60-minute auto update. I'm sure that the A630 has an auto-update, however, the lack of an option to immediately update the list is annoying, as I have to sign off and back on to update it.Also, I find that I can only type around 17 words per minute with the QWERTY keyboard, and with T9, I could type about 45. However, it did take me about a month to get proficient with T9, and I have only had this phone for a couple days. Also, symbols are much easier to type in with the keyboard. Hopefully, I will be able to match or surpass the typing speed that I got with T9.Overall, this is a great phone, but the AIM program could have been better.*UPDATE* After about a month of using this phone, it stopped charging, and eventually died. My phone was definetely defective, and a couple of other reviewers have mentioned that their phones have stopped charging as well. Beware of this major flaw.

Instead of ringing, this phone just sits silently on my desk and judges me.I don't need that.

I just received this phone a week ago, and I hate it.  The battery life sucks, the keys are too slow, menus are confusing.  It does look cool though.  Oh yeah, the speakerphone doesn't work unless an optional equiptment is purchased.

This phone is great for the first 6 months* The design of the phone is hard to beat!However, This is third phone T-mobile has sent me that WILL NOT CHARGE.  The T-mobile store does not cell the phone anymoe and Motorola has not created a follow up phone.  The phone is obviously defected.

THE PHONE IT SELF IS AWESOME GREAT FEATURES EASY TO USE. I WOULD ADVISE AGAINST BUYING A PHONE FROM AMAZON THEY SAY WITH REBATE YOU ARE GETTING A DEAL BUT YOU HAVE TO WAIT 2 MONTHS TO SEND IT IN THEN THEY SAY YOU WAITED TOO LONG. WHAT A JOKE THATS HOW AMAZON GETS YOU ONCE THEY GET YOUR MONEY THEY JUST WANT TO SCREW YOU. I BOUGHT A PHONE FROM HERE BEFORE AND THE SAME THING HAPPEN SO COINCIDENCE I THINK NOT. PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE AND DO NOT BUY A CELL PHONE FROM AMAZON.

I don't like this phone. The t-zone service is bad (compared with Sprint),I can't check any of my emails. I have just used this phone for about 20 days and it won't charge now. I don't know how to do with it, can I just go to the local retail store to have it changed or do I have to send that back to amazon? Who can help me with it?

I knew when I ordered this phone it had undersized keys and a problematic bluetooth implementation. I did not realize that with the small size came less than adequate signal reception, a screen that is invisible outdoors, and a user interface with many problems. example: The phone features voice dialing. Good luck figuring out how to set up voice strings that the feature can use.This one is going back.

I upgraded to the Motorola A630 from a Samsung e715, a phone that I loved.  When evaluating, I was trading off the bluetooth, speaker phone, and keypad features vs. the size and weight increase.For the good stuff I wanted:(1) The bluetooth is fantastic.  The signal is clear and the battery life is reasonable (~1.5 hours).(2) Speaker phone is an absolute delight.  I've actually used the speaker phone during a conference call, and it worked suprisingly well.(3) I found the keypad to be really convenient for sending short messages and for general entry of names and phone numbers.  I am 6' tall and about 200 lbs, so I thought the keys would be too small, but I haven't really had problems typing on them.Now the bad stuff:Initially, I thought that a tenth of an inch here, two tenth of an inch there, an ounce heavier... no problem.  Well, I first found myself constantly being aware of the extra bulk in my pocket.  Now, I just take the phone out of my pocket whenever I am sitting down.  I carried the Samsung e715 in my pocket for over a year without ever being conscious of it.  I am now trying a nerdy solution with the A630: carrying the phone on the belt...Unanticipated cool stuff:(1) Menu shortcuts.  You can easily program shortcuts that quickly turn on the bluetooth only when you are using the headset to conserve battery.  You can also create shortcuts to calendars, alarms, whatever...(2) Button lockout.  Something that used to annoy me about my old Samsung is that one of the side buttons would often turn the camera on in my pocket and fill the memory with pictures of my pocket.  The A630 has a button lock that prevents this.Unanticipated bad stuff:(1) The battery charger does not take 2 hours on my phone as advertised.  It is more like 3+ hours.  You really have to charge it every night.(2) The built in camera is worthless.  The delay between pushing the shutter button and the detector capturing the image is long enough to make it useless except for static shots.  If you are counting on this camera phone capturing precious moments of your kids in action, you might be disappointed.Summary:This is a great phone, but it is not perfect.  Inspite of the extra bulk and other weakness, I found the extra features (bluetooth, speakerphone, and keypad) worth keeping and giving a high rating of 4 stars.

Better deal available on this phone online on other sites. Cash back upto $100

Keypad is the most attrative part of this phone.  The inside screen is too small even smaller than a filp phone.  The feather is very easy and simple.  The menu letter is very small so it's hard to see it. If you don't send sms messager a lot, go with other choice!

I had been very happy with my Motorola A630 until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.

Wife loved it as the "Razr" thin phone craze took over. Flip phone with keypad was nice. Used it 2 years with 0 problems.

I LOVE this phone.  It is so easy to use and lasted quite a long time.  I tend to be really hard on phones (dropping them, leaving them in the car when its super hot or freezing cold), but this one is really durable.  After two years it finally broke and I wish that T-Mobile still sold this model, which for me is a really long time.  I like the fact that it has raised buttons because it makes it easier to push.  The flip function is very nice and it is still strong.  A lot of other phones that flip in the same manner have broken and what not.  I've gotten a lot of compliments on the phone and would reccomend it to others.

I'm getting paid to get the phone so being free, this is a great phone.  The phone is smaller than I expected, about the size of a small flip-phone.  The text/AIM feature is the the reason this phone is fun.  If your looking for a smart-phone, this is not for you as surfing can be a bit slow, get a blackberry.  This cell is alot like the Motorola Two-Way's pager with a phone.  The reception is OK, nothing special as is the battery.  I haven't tried the bluetooth yet but have read from others that it doesn't do well with MAC's.  All in all, i can't complain it's a great phone!

This phone did not charge after about a month of use. I sent it in and got a new one. Now the new one won't charge either. This could be a model misdesign.

I love certain things about the phone.  It has a keyboard so text messaging is soooo easy.  The camera is decent too.  But I've had it 13 months.  7 months in, the mic stopped working mid conversations and I'd have to call back.  Than in a couple of weeks, went out totally.  What good is a phone when people can't hear you?!Then i got replacement... which is what I'm currently using.  If I'm on the phone for too long (say a 2 hour conference call) my mic goes out and I'm sure this phone too will die shortly.  $300 phones should last more than a year.I love the keyboard feature and it will be hard to part with it but you can tell it's not a durable phone.  The programming (on both I've had) will freeze up at times and like I said, the mics are terrible.  People also complain that the reception isn't very clear when I'm speaking to them.  With Sprint, I had the same cheap-o phone for 5 years.  It was not hi-tech, but at least I could make calls... I mean.. that's the minimum you want a phone to do, right?When T-mob sent me the replacement, that took an arm and a leg.  First they said the phone was no longer being made because of too many problems (ya don't say!).  They offered me an 'upgrade' which was a crappy phone they were basically giving away to anyone signing up.  It didn't have half the features of my current phone.  I'm not an idiot and don't appreciate being buttered up and being told I'm getting an UPGRADE!!! when I'm clearly not.  So they finally tracked down a replacement.In a few months... I guess I'll be phone shopping... again!Boo. $300 phones should last and be able to make calls.

This is a bad phone. It's slow, the interface is more complicated than sin, and the reception is bad (possibly because of T-mo, but anectdotal evidence suggests otherwise). It's excellent for tapping out text messages, which I do a lot of. I will not be buying another Motorola phone, unless they entirely revamp the interface. Especially the address book, which lists the phone numbers without telling you whether or not the numbers are for a cell, or home, or fax, or whatever. It's really annoying.Don't get this unless texting is your main thing, and the phone part is an afterthought. It wouldn't even get two stars except that the qwerty keyboard is excellent.

I bought this phone about a month ago and its my 3 phone!! Its pretty funny but yet horrible.. The phone is really good but try not to let it fall ever!!

I bought a v600 and a630 at the same time.  Both are essentially the same phone, but the a630 is more for people who text message or write email a lot.  I loved the v600 because of the functions, but because I write so many text messages, I found the a630 to be more my style.A few things I found could be improved:-AOL Instant Messenger is SMS based, not GPRS, which is T-Mobile's fault.-The email function is very lacking, it took T-Mobile a while to help me out to set it up.  The software only asks for email address and password and somehow automatically sets it up.  I would rather have manual settings-Larger memory space...5mb fills up FAST!  Especially when I am texting multiple people at times.  I have to empty the in/out message boxes constantly.-No video playback.  This is the largest difference between v600 and a630.  No ability to watch mpeg4 movies.  Both phones would benefit if there was video recording.-No elemental lights.  Would be more attractive with those cool multicolor lights! (ok ok ok, just needed something to gripe about)Things I love about this phone:-The size, this is the BEST QWERTY phone I have owned, because of the compact size.  My Sidekick is now a paperweight because of this phone.-Battery life.  This thing stays charged!  Can go through 2 full days of text messaging before needing a plug in.  Talk time is pretty decent too.-Bluetooth!  Extremely easy to use, fast transfers, and lots of cool free ringers/apps.Last comments:If you like texting, get this phone.  If you like the features of this phone, but dont need the keyboard, then get the v600.

Have had this phone for a long time.  It has very good service (about the same as any phone), but battery lasts a good long time, and has lots of great features.  If you get MOTOROLA'S MOBILE PHONE TOOLS this a very fun phone. You can down load mp3s to ringtones, add photo wallpapers, and download your photos and video's from the phone.  The memory is not removable to you are stuck with what you have, it is blocky, the web browsing is only WAP pages no true internet, but not bad, the keyboard is easy to use, the screen is bright, sharp and easy to see, bluetooth works fine.  I would recomend for a texter, or someone who likes to take photos and likes bar phones.

Since first time i saw this phone on-line I was craving for it. Finally I got it and I am using it for last one month.This is my first Motorola phone and I do agree with people that UI is hard to master. After a month I am comfortable now.I have owned Sony Ericsson and Nokia phones before and they have excellent UI no need to read user manuals.So What do I like and I don't?Likes:1. QWERTY Keyboard - Excellent. I felt early that no extra keys for numbers may be issue but not a big deal.2. Excellent size  - I thought it is very small for my hand but after using it for month my hands are used to it.3. Speaker phone - Excellent speaker phone and even better than my Nokia 6800 (another QWERTY) CNET review says thatspeaker phone does not shut off when flip is closed but mine does get off. I like the feature that you can usespeaker phone even when flip closed and also the mute function.4. Camera takes much better pictures than my SE T610 earlier. But I don't care much anyway. Only thing is you needto hold camera vertical to take pictures correctly else they appear 90 degree left side tilted.5. Excellent Bluetooth capabilities. I do not use bluetooth headset as headsets are annoying and nerdy solution. But Iuse it to sync up my outlook calender/contacts and also transfer photographs and ring tones. With Mobile PhoneToolsSoftware from Motorola.6. Email and web capabilities are great but I do not use much of them as I do spend almost 10 hrs a day on my laptop.7. Tri-Band phone so I can use anywhere in world.Dislikes: (This list is bigger though)1. Most important is it do not have auto key lock. this size of phone I am not carrying in my hand all time will preferto keep in pocket. Since I may forget to manual lock it accidental dialing in pocket is possible. If they can implementscreen saver why they can't implement auto key lock. It's same software anyway.2. Annoying Phone book: All developers in Motorola should use SE phones to understand what is phone book is. I am not ableto sort out numbers from SIM and Phone so I see same number at least 4 times. These developers must be fired rightaway. Don't understand what are they thinking. Only was I was able to straighten them using the PC software which isridiculous as I have 186 contact in my address book. There is no "Delete all" for contact so that I can delete allcontacts from my SIM. I had to use Nokia phone to do it.3. Motorola PC software is not free. Motorola have stupid managers. Why on earth I should spend $40 dollars for PC softwarewhen I am buying $300 phone.4. The flip is LOOSE. After a week the flip starts making noises while opening and closing. Although it works fine butit gives the indication that Motorola did not do any testing of this phone and used cheapo Chinese materials to build.My Nokia 6800 flip and my old Ericsson T28 flip was million times better.5. Motorola Chargers are flimsy as they are very cheap design. I though SE charges are cheap but my Ericsson T28 chargeris still working great even after 4 years of rugged use. A630 charger is poor and when you move phone (even little)while charging it stops charging. Motorola needs to talk to customers what they really want. Also charging time is morethan 3 hrs and nothing close to 2 hrs mentioned in specs. Liars.6. Games are not so good wish they had simple Tetris or Nibbles. But loading Java games is nice option.7. Only one After Market case from Krussel which is 25 dollars.8. There is no simultaneous ringing and vibrate options. If you change the ring style from loud to soft ring tonealso changes. Vibrate and ring option vibrates phone twice and then only ring tone plays which might be unnoticed whileat noisy place and if phone is not in hand.9. No IR port. I wish it had IR port along with Bluetooth which helps to connect with laptops who do not have BT adapters.

I bought this phone last year in March 2006.  It has lots of features and really is fun to figure out and play with.  Probably a great buy for under $200.00 (I paid $195.00).  For text messaging it is the best due to the Qwerty keyboard and the keys are easily managed.  The screens (inner & outer) are easy to read and very durable (I've dropped this phone several times).  It has now shown a malfunction at the charger port (site where the charging device connects to phone)and charging now requires manipulating the prongs in order to get a good connection.  A T-mobile rep. said it is a weak point in the manufacture of this phone.  T-mobile did not support this phone for long so it must indicate that it was a problematic product. I write this review a year later in order to give the reader a thorough idea of a phone's performance.  I am happy with the Motorola A630 and regret the lack of T-mobile support for it. Very complex due to amount features, but very user friendly. Very compact and durable. Has good size (about the size of 1/2 a 3-Musketeers bar) despite it's complexity(keyboard, 2 screens, 2 speakers,camera).

The phone's good, real good.  But, I eneded up missing the rebate window, which is a pain because I ended up paying $149 for the phone when it should have been free.

So I was skeptical after reading some of the reviews, but I was glad I took a chance. I can whip out text message so fast now that I love it. Having AIM messenger built right in is really neat too! What don't I like about the phone? The menu is not totally intuitive, but after some practice you'll have the hang of it. That's the only thing I don't like about the phone. Oh, the preloaded rings are kinda crappy too, so be sure to download some new ones. The menu is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars...but put simply, I love this phone. The external screen also serves the most important functions so you don't need to open your phone to do things such as read text messages, access phone book, call information, etc. Camera quality is good. Speaker phone is neat. Bundled hand's free set is a bonus. The phone is actually smaller than it looks in the picture but typing on the internal keypad is easy (and I have big hands!). My only other gripe is that there isn't a time-based key lock feature. If you are not ending a call, then it has to be set manually. That's the only other reason I didn't give this phone 5 stars. But don't let that from stopping you from getting it.

I recently bought 3 A630s.  This phone is a lot smaller than I thought when I first looked at the pictures. I was able to turn some heads at school while using this phone since the model is so new and unique.  The battery went out after 1.5 days of heavy use.  I didn't make many calls but I took some pictures and was constantly using it because it was hard to get a feel for this phone. I'm constantly messing with it since it has way more features than I'm use to handling.Cons:1. The volume when the phone is closed is very very poor! I was very disappointed because I was in a somewhat a noisy environment and I had a hard time listening to the other person on the other line. Compare to other phones I've used, this phone stays at the bottom for volume.  It is so hard to hear.2. The phonebook was hard to get use to and very confusing at first.  I had to mess with it for 30 mins. before I knew what I was doing.  But after a bit of training, things got a little easier.3. The voice recorder was bad.  Like I said before, the volume on this handset is very poor!  I cannot listen to my voice recordings unless I put it up next to my ear while the phone is flipped open!  What was motorola thinking? It seems like a toy to me having it flipped out like that while trying to listen to a voice record.4. I was using the headset today that came along with it and it seems to have a lot of static.  Cheap headset?5. I wish they had a little more games. 2-3 don't cut it. ; )Pros:1. The only thing that is good about the volume on this phone is its speakerphone.  The speakerphone on this phone is great!  I can leave this thing 2-3 ft away and people could still hear me.  I could also hear them loud and clearly as well.  I've use other speakerphones before and this is so far one of the best I've yet to encounter.2. Size, design, color, lights! This is one unqiue little fellah that can attract a lot of attention.3. I'm beginning to like the Voice Dial on this phone, although, you'll have to speak fairly close to it for it to work.4. I love the qwerty keyboard.  Its a lot better than t9.5. There are plenty of options on this phone.  I'm thinking of getting a bluetooth headset later.  This phone has a ring tone composer but it was hard to understand how to use it.  I still do not know how to use it yet. = (6. The reception is fairly good.  I have not have any dropped calls yet.  I live downstairs and I get 2-3 bars.  With my samsung n400 with sprint, I constantly lost connection. So basically, I'm very happy with it.7. I can access my phonebook from the external lcd.  It lights up blue and looks great.  "The screen is blue and the keys are white."8. I love the way the alarm clock is set.  I can set up multiple alarms at different hours and days.The only major drawback of this phone was its volume and microphone.  I just wish it had sound a little louder.  = ( It is annoying when I hear people and I say "huh? what did you say?"Overall, I thought this phone was great. Its something I can mess with while I'm bored.  I gave this 4 stars because this is one of the most unqiue phones I've yet to see that is affordable.

After reading past reviews I was somewhat skeptical about this phone. I went with my gut instead. I am glad that I did. The phone is nice visually, and compact. The features that I like to use, ie speaker, bluetooth, sms and email work fine. As far as the battery life goes,it performs as stated. Battery life does depend upon the use of accessories, temperature and other application usage patterns, there are ways to extend the life of the battery,I do not have any trouble charging either.The port for computer usage is firm as well.I feel if consumers actually read their user guides they wouldn't give unfair reviews.The camera pics are fine, no they are not high clarity Kodak quality, they weren't meant to be. The key pad is small, I have small hands so this works well for me. I read the measurements before making the purchase,if you have king kong like hands the use of the keypad is going to be somewhat difficult to manuever. I had zero issues syncing it up with my wireless headset, first try.It takes a moment to initialize upon start-up but so did my past few phones. It is not a smart phone, however I don't believe it is marketed as such. The external and internal displays are crisp and clear. There's even a cool video feature I did not know exist. The ringtone volume is fine, the playback of the MP3 files are nice, I don't understand why anyone want the entire town to hear their phone ring,the speakers are not Bose quality, again they are not meant to be, they are adequate for a phone this size. All said, it's a nice little technological savvy unit.

PRO'sPhone is very easy to useSmall, with good size screenExcellent sound qualityJavaBluetoothAIMCON'sMotorola style phonebook- with multiple entries for the same person

So, I've had this phone for about 4 months now, and am getting frustrated by it for a number of reasons...1) It does nto charge properly.  There is a finnicky connection for the charger, and it sometimes is plugged in all night but then the next morning is not charged.2) The battery life is nowhere near as good as my old Nokia.  Even with the backlight turned all the way down, a full day of travelling with a few e-mails, a couple of web-browsing sessions, and a bit of talk, completely kills the battery.3) It is NOT a smart-phone.  Having seen what else is available for a little bit more money now, I would definitely go for a smart phone.4) They keyboard is way too small.  I have big thumbs, and the center 5-way button is just way too small to use comfortably.  Even after 4 months I haven't got used to it.5) It is not loud enough... even with the volume turned up, you have to position the 'phone right next to your ear to hear it.6) The response of the operating system is slow. After you take a picture, it takes ages to store it and reset.  If sending e-mails it can take forever.  Also just the basic response time when using a complicated sequence of key commands is just way too slow. I spend a lot of time just waiting for the 'phone to repsond before I can do something.  A key example is the speakerphone, which is supposed to automatically come on when you open the phone up, but usually has a 5-6 second delay before anythign happens.It does have some good ponits though...1) Small, light, and compact2) Does a lot more than other 'phones the same size3) Has a neat selection of built-in tones/wallpaper etc.4) Veyr easy to use interface - menus make sense and its easy tofind things without referring to the instruction manual.5) Airplane mode - has a mode where you can switch off the radio signal so it can be used for playing games etc. while on a plane.So, overall not bad, but I'm now beginning to realise the limitations of this 'phone, and its probably time for me to start shopping for a smart-phone (such as a palm treo).

I also had a problem with it charging. I bought two new chargers and neither one of them would charge it. I called T-Mobile and they only sent me a battery. After I called to tell them it wasn't the battery they replaced it with a new phone...so far no problems! I also noticed that the phone used to freeze and stayed like that for about 30 seconds.

First impression with this phone.. I was impressed by the way it looked and felt. Quite Cool !! The full keyboard is really nice to have for sending text/instant messages. It only has AOL though :( ... would have liked to have yahoo or msn.The menu and the settings are quite un - intuitive. Especiallly after using sony ericson 610 for a year, (which btw ROCKS !! ... 5 stars) I feel limited to only a few controls. I am normally very quick to adapt, but this one took several hours to grasp. Battery seems to also run out quicker than specs. This was especially with the keypad open.  Signal strength is great with T mobile in CT ... as is with any Motorolas.Bottomline... good phone ... very cool looking ... average menu settings. Great for IMs. Mediocre Battery

Pros,Bluetooth, AIM, camera, dual screen, keyboard, voice recorderCons,Software, menus, phone book, keys could be better,I found this phone to be very good. Inside screen is nice. Software is good enough quality but could be much better. Phone book is poor quality. I used bluetooth with belkin adapter and after a couple of tries it works for file transfers.I had SonyEricsson T610 before this phone and I loved it. I think I will not miss T610 over time.

A little background info: I'm a late adopter to the cell phone world, having only been connected for 2 years. My first phone was a Samsung, which I loved. But I got a new service place and decided to get a new phone. I did A LOT of research to see what phone I'd get, and often people talked about brands as if they knew how all of them were. Being a somewhat-newbie, I just didn't understand. More on that later.While it looks nifty and strangers will ask you about it when you're texting others, I've learned that it's not a very good phone. After 3 months, I asked for a new one, but I have the same problems. To wit:- I have trouble hearing others. I'm getting old, but not that old.- The ringer is not loud enough. (Again, I'm getting old, but . . . )- Call-waiting is not intuitive.- Often shows missed calls that were missed a long time ago and just hasn't disappeared yet.- Text message function gets in the way of operation when you're on the phone.- Phone won't unlock (the button lock for pockets) for text message but will unlock for a phone call.- Charger sucks, and I often wake up with it drained instead.The good? It's great for texting and AIMing, if you're into that. I wasn't before, but I now know it's a good way to communicate. I also know two people who love their phones.So, I said above "more on that later." I guess I understand what some were talking about when it came to brands. I would be suspicious of buying anothe Motorola product. It's just so clunky to operate compared with my old Samsung. I can't wait for my service to end so I can get a new phone. Hopefully by then, there'll be a phone that works well as a phone but I can have the convenience of the min keyboard.

I bought this phone with the promise of running SSH using J2ME apps.However, it isn't revealed in the documentation that the J2ME apps are crippled and port use is extremely restricted.  ARGH!  Thanks for nothing, Motorola.Other than that, it's a nice phone, even if the UI is braindead at times.
