
As my wife and I were both eligible for a phone upgrade, we went to our local Verizon store. The two models which seem to be the most popular are the LG 6100 and the Samsung A670. I chose the LG because of the analog possibility and because of the speaker phone. My wife chose the Samsung because it was the smaller of the two phones.We live about 4 miles from downtown in a semi fringe area. I could not even receive a signal at home with my Motorola 720.(my current phone). I assumed that the problem was with Verizon's network.Well, we got home and tried out our new phones.The LG could barely get a signal and dropped my call every few seconds. The Samsung connected easily and never dropped my call. I tried both phones in various areas of my house as well as outside the house. Consistently, the Samsung did fine, whereas the LG was next to useless.After "playing" with the LG for a while, I realized another annoyance that I could not live with. Both the left and right sides of the phone are lined with buttons.(three to be exact). It is virtually impossible to remove the phone from a pocket or its clip, without accidently pushing one of these buttons. When you accidently push one of these while the phone is ringing , you lose the call and it is sent into voicemail..very annoying. Even if you accidently push the button while the phone is not ringing, the phone beeps and changes the ringer volume.The Samsung only has two side buttons, both located at the top of the phone. If you grab the phone anywhere except at the top of the sides, you will have no problems. This takes only a couple of grabs to get used to.Both phones seemed to have equal (and very good) sound quality.The bottom line is: The next day I returned my LG phone and traded it for another Samsung A670. It is a great phone....one I can easily live with for the next two years.

I'm not going to even discuss any of the phone's features, camera, etc.  No need....regardless of any of the nice features of today's cell phones, the main idea is still to make a phone call that sounds good.  And this phone frankly sounds horrible.  My girlfriend bought it with a service plan from Amazon and we could not be more disappointed.  With plenty of bars, the phone makes conversations very hard to hear, dropped words, static, scratches, etc.  I've seen lots of people say the same thing.  STAY FAR AWAY from this phone.  Now my girlfriend and I have the contract and a phone that needs to go back (with the ported number she needs to keep) so now we have to worry about cancelling the plan, keeping the number, and being eligible to get another phone at a good price and recognized as a "new" activation again.  To sum it all up, worst phone I've ever used.

I've had the phone for a year...left Sprint and its sorry service... loved the phone only dropped a call going under a bridge... same bridge every day.. so i try not to have calls there... I didn't get in surance... didn't think i'd lose it... i now regret it... just brought a LG VX6000 lets see if i'll bite the bullet.. it only has to last til april... i renew then... I miss my A670... its short bar\ttery life is my only complaint.... 2 days.. and recharge...

My husband and I have had three of these.  I got mine wet while ocean kayaking in hawaii last month.  I had to buy a new phone, expensive without the contract (since we already had a fairly new one).  My husband washed his through the entire washer cycle with his clothes.  It dried out, and with a new battery, works perfectly.  Last week I dropped my (new) one from the 21st floor balcony of my Waikiki hotel to the patio below on the 6th floor.  The inside screen is now worthless, which seriously diminishes the usefulness of many features, but the phone works perfectly, the alarm works (although now I cannot change my wake time!).  The front screen still works to show me the current time and to identify incoming calls.  Amazing!  I will keep it for a while, but next time will get the insurance.

This phone is great, color, easy use, great menu.  But, the camera does not zoom, no ability to adjust any lighting so the pictures turn out too dark or too much light.  No games, which really threw me for a loop.  Ringers are okay, but nothing special.  All in all, the phone is nice, good reception, nice color, and easy use.  With the price I paid for it, I was disappointed in the extras that were not there.  Should have games, better ring tones, camera use could be more better and settings should have more.  I would recommend this phone, but not to anyone who wants a lot of extras on their cell.

THis phone is so cool to use and take pictures but there are some flaws in it. FOr example you cannot send txt messages from it!~  The camera is good with zoom and plash.  THe small light weight design is what i most like about it,  And the fact that you can use the front of the phone as a camera too is amazing.  I give it 4 stars just because it dosnt have the txt and picture messaging.

I got 3 phones for my family. The minute I opened the box, I didnt like the phone.1. You can not set alarm only on weekdays, so I have to wake up at 6 AM on Saturday and Sunday also.2. It does not have font selection. So you are stuck with larger than life font size. Not a big deal, but while most of the phones are trying to give real fonts, atleast different font sizes would have been nice.3. Ringtones are horrible. In addition, you can not record a sound and use it as ringtone. Some phones do support them.4. Speed-dial is slower than finding a name and dialing. Its not user friendly.Okay, so what, I dont need any of these... Listen to thisWhile charging the phone get HOT. I charged the phone over night and this morning I woke up to switch off the alarm, dame it, its like 100 C. Its too hot. In addition, if I talk for more than 5 minutes my cheeks get hot and burns. So STAY AWAY.I am going to discuss this with Amazon, who is so far best with customer support. If Amazon doesnt help me, I will take this matter with Samsung, but if no body can help, I WILL DO MY BEST TO SCREW UP SAMSUNG PRODUCTS, NOT JUST THIS PHONE.MY ADVICE, STAY AWAY. THERE IS NOTHING IN THIS PHONE THAT YOU SHOULD HAVE A SECNOD THOUGHT OF BUYING. IF ALL YOU ARE LOOKING FOR IS A (...) - BUY THIS AND GET BURNS. PROBABLY YOU CAN SUE THEM EVENTUALLY.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!After three months, the screen stopped working.  I took it to a customer service center and was told that the phone had been corroded by water damage.  I didn't ever drop the phone in water or spill anything on it.  I don't even live in a particularly humid area.  When I called Samsung, they told me that they would not replace the phone because water damage constitutes "electromechanical shock," which voids the warrantee.  I asked Jon, a Samsung customer service representative from Samsung's Texas office, how this could possibly have happened to the phone without water actually ever touching it, and  Jon told me that corrosion can be caused by a) placing the phone on a table next to a cold glass of water, or b) carrying the phone in the rain.  Jon explained to me that most people don't understand what a sensitive piece of electrical equipment a phone is, and he's right, I didn't understand that Samsung phones are too delicate to be owned by people who drink cold water or live where it rains.  Those of you who do not live in the desert should be aware that Samsung phones are extremely susceptible to corrosion, and that Samsung will refuse to replace or repair your phone if does corrode.

I have purchased two Samsung phones in the past 5 years, and have had to replace each one after two years.  The last Samsung phone I purchased, the Model SPH-N400, only two years ago in July, the flip on one arm broken off/separated from the hinge.  WHen I called the warranty department about this issue, I was told that I would be responsible for getting this fixed, and it would cost be about $100+ dollars to fix the phone.  What a joke when the value of the phone I bought 2 years ago was $134.99.  I will never buy a Samsung phone again.

ok 2 words... low battery... the battery life on this phone is so bad that once it only lasted like 3 hours on my phone... the camera and games are the things that kill it... the only thing that u can probably do without the battery dying is use the phone to call people.. and plus this phone is considered wet even if it rains or one time i went swimming and i set this phone like about 20 feet away from the pool on a chair... it gets slightly wet like 3 drops of water and it doesnt work for at least a day. there are so many other better phones that verizon has to offer and around the same price zone. im so glad i accidentally broke this phone... my advice... try the new motorola e815... its like so high tech and amazing that it even amazes my friends... it has a button for everything... youd be better off

I traded in my venerable Sprint PCS Sanyo 8100 for the Verizon Wireless Samsung A670.  Firstly, Verizon Wireless connectivity is far superior to Sprint's.  As far as the Samsung, the menu is not as intuitive as it should be and the battery life is pitiful.  I could go for 5-6 days between charges with the Sanyo, whereas the Samsung needs charging every 1-2 days with minimal use.  Verizon replaced my battery but there was no improvement.  Other than that, a very nice phone....well put together, nice size, etc.

If you're hard on your electronics (like I am) this phone is for you. It's practically indestructible. I put mine through the washing cycle (as in washing machine, yes) three times, let it dry overnight, and it still works perfectly. I've also run it through the dryer twice, dropped it countless times, thrown it at a wall, and ran over it on a mountain bike. The camera still works, and I think the reception actually got BETTER after going through the washer. All it has is some scratches on the casing and a bent antenna. This is a perfect phone for a on-the-go, klutzy person.

usually it need twcie charging one week. If you take pictures, things will be different. Overall it works well, but this 150 $ rebate from amazon is only applied for the primary phone of family plan. So do not be cheated on this.

I had this phone for 4 years.  It finally "died" on me...only because of years of use.  But these days, for a phone to last that long, it says alot.  Verizon should keep this phone available all the time.  They no longer carry it and if they did, I'd get this phone in a second over any phone they have - even the nifty new ones that have all the features that this one may not have.  But if call quality, great battery life, and overall ease of use are the top requirements, this phone is a keeper.  I never lost a call, had background noise, or lost signal strength.  Even when everyone else around me couldn't get a signal, I had one.  I miss this phone.  The new one I have now from Verizon has all the gadgets I'll never use, but it also echoes in my ear when I'm trying to talk and I hear every other word from people when they are talking to me.  This phone should be a staple of verizon's and make it available to everyone, at least give it as a choice.

Well, my first cellphone, and I chose verizon due to the good reception. And for the phone, I loved the look of this phone, and the size. I have had it for a little over a month now, and i am somewhat satisfied. Its not terrible, for such a teeny peice of technology, it's very advanced, but so are all phones.My pros:- is very nice/classy looking- can download cool rings very easily (does not come with great ones)- the picture quality is very nice in my opinionMy cons:- cannot turn of [camera] shutter sound, but can change- not as customizable as i would like (the menu, fonts, sounds etc)- only 3 options for LED screen (1 digital clock, 2 analog)- wish it had longer battery life. It lasts 2 full days and one night without turning off, at normal use. dies at about 9 or 10 on the second night.Basically its a fine phone, i defiantly wish it had more options for customizing, like colors for the menu, optional clock displays, and such, but it works, and its fun.I guess what I REALLY would want, is to be able to put my photos in folders, like to have a few folders, and you can have personal photos come up as the caller ID, and I wish it would transfer into their contact info, and not clutter up my album when I simply had the photo for caller IDIts a niced, beautiful phone, and it functions entirely as a nice cell phone should.

I like this phone so much I give it 5 stars. First, it's small. Compared to other heavy and blocky phones out there, this one just fits perfectly in my palm. Second, it's cute, but that goes with smallness. I hang my cell phone accessory perfectly with it and it looks great with it, also customizable pictures on wallpaper and pretty good picture quality for such an inexpensive price. And third and not the least, this phone has greatly amazing reception! I kept getting call drops and missed calls with my previous Cingular phone (with a very very pricey phone also), but now I almost never get dropped calls unless I'm like 2 floors underground. Verizon is awesome. Also you can download many games and ringtones with this phone so that's cool. I downloaded tetris and I play it whenever I'm bored or waiting for someone. I think for such a small phone it has everything you need.

My Phone suffered the cracked right hinge.  My estimate for repair is $160.00.  This failure was not covered by warranty.  Apparently answering the telephone is considered abuse.  I would avoid this telephone.

Well....this Samsung A670 was my 4th phone and I must say the best. No offense to Nokia, but my other 3 phones with Nokia were LAME. Each time my phone broke and all services were pretty rude at getting my phone fixed (T-Mobile, PSC Wireless, and Tracfone). My mother had recieved a Verizon phone when she switched jobs and never listened to join her plan until I started junior high school. Verizon not only has a great plan and is helpful when my mothers phone is broken, but has almost unlimited options for your phone,but back to the story....I wanted this phone really bad and my parents were worried about me switching for a 5th time,but finally they got me the phone on Christmas. The Samsung was an excellent phone, it is small, many options like vibrate, ring, or both, a great color screen and great picture images (just read the manual when you get the phone or you wont understand how to work the camera). I am also a great camera person! Anyway you can do 2-Way txt messaging and internet access. It only has about 16 polyphonic ringtones and you can download more! The only disadvantage is there are no games, but when you are at Verizon they give you they give you the option to download some when you are there or online, but otherwise the phone is great and all my friends love it. If a parent is reading this I totally recommend it to any teen who wants not only a cute phone, but one with good reception and good service. Trust me Verizon and Samsung is the phone and service for that teen and a parent who just needs a phone for emergencies!Have a great 2005 and may all your dreams come true!

I have had all the different wireless carriers and VERIZON has been the BEST. Yeah i have dropped the phone many times and had problems after that but i went right to Verizon and they gave me a new one. THERE IS A 1 YEAR WARRENTY ON THESE PHONES. after that, thats were you get the insurance and you won't have to pay for a brand new phone evertime something happens to it. Its only $4.99 a month. and for the Reception part it must be in your guys area cause were i live I NEVER EVER DROP CALLS and my friends say the same. Everyone says how clear my pictures come out and i am in my mid 20's so i talk on the phon all day long. my battery never dies. If you know anything about cell phones you should always charge your phone every night. I think all you other people are over exaggerating. LEARN HOW TO USE THE PHONE I BET YOU SEE THAT IT REALLY DOES WORK!!!

This is an excellent phone, not only is it compact, but after a few minutes you can easily navigate through the menus.  It also includes a camera which is great.  I get reception almost everywhere.  If you talk for a while it does get warm, however I've never experienced any other problems with it.  Very good phone, I recommend it.

The Samsung A670 is not the latest and greatest, by any means.  Doesn't seem to have much capability for adding ringtones, unless you use the built in WAP internet browser to get them, which costs money.On the plus side, I got a great usb combination charging and data cable on ebay from Infinite Wireless.  This lets me hook my laptop directly to my cell phone and use it as a modem.  I still use up cell phone minutes, but I don't incur any special Verizon data charges.  Since I have free nights and weekends, which don't use any minutes, this has worked well for me.It's very important to get a combination cable, so that you never deplete your cell phone battery -- even if you are on the internet for four or five hours at a time.  After I hang up, my battery is still fully charged.Phone also comes with a decent camera.

Verizon's attititude was "tough &lt;fertilizer>!  Renew and buy a new phone."When it worked, this phone had the absurd habit of taking photos of my wife's purse; it would bump up against something which would activate the camera.So caveat emptor.dave

This is a very handy cell phone.  It has a ton of ring tone extras, the keys are easy to use and after a short while, you will be able to figure out how to navigate through for messages, files, etc.One area of concern though is if you are not careful, you can accidentally turn on the camera.  This can be avoided by not holding or picking up the phone from the sides.  The phone is a sleek version of Samsung's earlier flip phone.  I had my previous flip phone for years, so this one is a little more delicate, yet still quite sturdy, having an alloy base and not plastic.This is a digital dual mode phone.  I have had fewer dropped calls and verizon has been a very good network for my needs.  I do not usually utilize electronics to their fullest capacity, although I have taken some great snap shots with the camera feature.  What is cool, you can create your own slide shows.Most recently a warning went out about downloading ringtones, etc.  This phone seems to have canned ringtones for anyones liking.  The battery the phone comes with has a fairly good life, however, after you charge it and you unplug the charger the system lights up.....I wonder how much power is used for this, and I wonder even what the intent is that it does so.The display is great, however, in the sunlight it becomes obscured and if you are on a call more than a minute or two the display goes blank to preserve energy, which although good, makes you have to press keys to get the view screen.Again, I like my flip phone.  I hope that it has the life that my last one had.Verizon though will make you send the phone to Georgia for repair, so you could be without a phone for awhile.You can also get some neat accessories to go with this phone.

I got this about a year ago and is BY FAR one of the best phones on the market.  It may look like a runt but its connection is solid and it delivers on all its promises.Take it from me, I also have a Treo 650 and I would take the A670 over it any day.  In fact I am cancelling my Treo account and selling the phone because its so unreliable in every area it promises goods of.  The only thing the Treo has that this doesn't is internet and more memory (up to 1GB with a card.)  But even with that said, the Treo doesn't even have a flash to go with its snapshots.  And this makes all the difference in pictures.The pictures taken by this phone are very good.  The connection is great.  The only thing is that battery life is too short.  I even got the extended battery and it is still too short.  That is why only 4 stars.If you get this you will really like it.  :)

-- terrible voice quality-- ridiculously low battery life-- phone becomes hot (yes, hot) after 5-10 mins use-- can't remember if this phone ever finished a long (>10min) call without dropping signal.-- one of our phones stopped working after 4 months of use. Verizon salesperson says this is due to "poor handling" on our part. How do you handle a cell phone poorly? We had to buy another phone.Frankly this is my first experience with a "picture" phone, not sure if all picture phones are this bad. So I am not in a position to compare. My last Nokia with AT&T; lasted 3 years without dropping a call, and Verizon signal strength is supposed to be superior to AT&T; at least in the San Francisco Bay Area. My friends say Samsung clam shell model phones are best avoided, in general, i.e. unless you think screen saver is the most useful feature in a cell phone.

I purchased this cell phone about one year ago from Amazon, I received it in just 4 business days. My favorite things about my samsung cell phone is the reception, its clear and it rarely drops calls on me. This little phone looks nice, and all around  Iam really happy with my purchase. I recommend it to anyone looking for a nice camera cell phone that actually works, reception is the most important thing a phone should offer, and this one has it, all the way

This Samsung phone is great. It's easy to use and has so many great features, like a flash for the camera, picture caller ID and it all comes in a nice compact handset. Plus Samsung phones give off much less radiation than others like Motorola and it is so compact and user friendly. This is a great phone that gets amazing reception!

When it comes to mobile phones, the most important aspect should be that it doesn't drop calls.  Being that this is a Verizon phone, I've never had a call drop on me.  With this phone, I've never had trouble hearing people, them hearing me, etc.  But that's not to say I love this phone, simply because the design isn't attractive.  It isn't too big, it isn't too small and it weighs not too light or heavy.  I've dropped it once, maybe 2-3 feet on concrete and all I got were some scratches, no damage at all.  Also, barely any glitches.  I think for the past 2 years I've had this phone, I had to power off maybe less than 5 times to reboot the phone.PROS*excellent commnunication (clarity, no dropped calls, etc.)*battery life is good.  i don't talk on the phone much so i only need to charge maybe twice a week.  but if you talk a lot, i've noticed i can go on maybe 2 hours.*camera takes decent pictures.  this is a phone, not a camera so don't expect miracles.*i like simple things like being able to link a ringtone/picture to a specific caller.*one thing i noticed that my new LG phone doesn't have this phone does is that it has ADJUSTABLE volume for different functions, i.e. calls, vm, text msg, alarm.*stores up to 500 shortcuts which LG doesn't (it only has up to 100).  it's nice to have all the entries be a shortcut, that way you can use some of them as people's birthdays to remember the shortcut.CONS*because it's a flip phone (i think it's a clamshell), i shouldn't have to LOCK the phone.  but when it's in my bag, the side camera button gets pushed and VOILA i have 10 pictures of darkness in my picture gallery.  STUPID.*when taking a picture, there isn't an option to turn off the sound.  everytime i take a picture, you hear "CLICK" from a mile away and makes me feel retarded in public.*texting is a bit annoying since the font is big.  you have to scroll back and forth but it's not a big deal.*calendar reminder setting is stupid, you can only remind yourself 1 hour in advance.  also, you can only input a certain amount of "events" once it's full you'll have to delete the old ones ONE BY ONE.  there should be a way to delete all the past entries without having to go into them individually.*also, i paid $8.99 for 7 ringtones.  some are really loud so the sound gets distorted.I paid some money to download some ringtones because the preloaded melodies don't do it for me.  I also signed up for 100 text messages for $2.99 which I think is an okay deal.  I think it's something ridiculous like .50 cents per picture message, which I do not utilize.But generally, I've been a loyal Samsung customer.  I'm switching over to LG and hope it's as good as Samsung.  But since Verizon decided to strip us of our freedom and cripple the phones, we will all be stuck with the same user interface (MENU) no matter what phone.  I liked Samsung for their menus and other misc. attributes which will no longer be available.

I got this phone on Sept 9 2004 and it has not had a problem. I dropped the phone several times on concrete and besides being a little scratched up, it still works fine. Some people have been complaining about its short battery life, but if you know anything about rechargeable batteries is that you must charge it overnight before you first use it. Other people have been complaining about poor reception, but if you turn it on with its attennea extended and don't touch it for at least 1 minute when it is on, there should be no problems. The battery counter on the phone is not accurate, and it goes down to one bar after one day, but I have just left it on and used it regularly and it lasted 5 days before it needed to be recharged. This is probably a bug that is Samsung's fault. I have noticed that the phone freezes when you want to review a voice memo that you have recorded, but if you save it first, and then review, there should be no problems. The phone does get hot after about 20 minutes of use, and gets hotter until you finish your phone call.-This is a problem for some samsung phones. Overall the phone does seem sturdy the plastic is very thick. The external, keypad, and internal screens are nice. The camera takes decent pictures, but don't expect pictures you would get from a digital camera. The flash works, and the phone's ringtones are very loud. The video is very choppy and saves slow, reception is clear, but I do know about the problem that occurs when you hear an echo of yourself when you're talking-Samsung users know about this. Get it Now is slow and you can send text messages with the phone closed. Occasional programing is required to keep the phone running smoothly-just press *228 and hit send. Overall I'm satisfied, and I do recommend it.

I like the camera and video camera. I also like the Get It Now feature, where you can download ringtones and games. It also has a planner and voice recorder. It even has text messaging and you can check your e-mail and log onto the internet.It has voice recognition so u can dial hands-free. I like this phone and plan to keep it for the rest of the plan. I am a teen and this phone rocks!

I used to have this phone and it was awesome i had it for ever it lasted beatdowns etc.Ringer Volume: 9.1/10 Could be louder but works outRinger Quality: 10/10 Doesnt miss a beatCall Hearing Volume: 9.1/10 Could be louderCall Hearing Quality: 10/10 PerfectKeypad: 9.9/10 Great but looks wierd. buttons are hugeScreen: 10/10 Big and colorfulExternal LCD: 10/10 ColorLooks: 9/10 Small but very plainCamera: 10/10 Far zoom and really good for the timeMenu UI: 9.4/10 Fast and easy but ringer for messages is wierd to changeBattery Life: 10/10 Just goes on and onDurability: 10/10 Takes a serious beatingFeatures: 10/10 Perfect for the priceReception: 9.7/10 Not as good as my a850.

Summary: I'm glad i got it, fits in my pocket easily and shows a pic of who's calling when they call.  Wish it came with games.Pros:Pretty small, color screen inside and out (so color pics of callers show up on the outside when they call!), cheap now-a-days, video, flash camera, good reception (though that may be Verizon's excellent coverage in the Bay Area), speaker volume can be set VERY high ... simple, clean design that does anything most folks will want.Cons:-Battery life leaves something to be desired (approximately 2.5 days with medium-heavy usage).-Ringer volume is far too low for some situations with custom ringtones (preloaded ringtones are plenty loud).-Newer phones have better color screens, but they are usually bigger, thicker, or more expensive.-pictures are not fantastic (though for caller ID they are fine).-no pre-loaded games.There have been some people complaining about this phone in the reviews here, however, it seems that they either live in an area where verizon has poor coverage (usually it has excellent coverage relative to other carriers, but not everywhere) or they were expecting this phone to do more than any phone reasonably could.

this is my first cell phone and i dont think it is the greatest but i think it is ok. it has a good picture quality and memory. u can take a 12 second video clip and make it ur backround. i dont really like the look or the phone though because it is very bulky. so i give this phone 3 stars because samsung has better looking phones for cheaper and they have the same options.

I have had this phone for almost 2 years now. I have dropped it many times- still works.  In Dec 06 it went through the washing machine in my pants, I let it dry out for 1 day and guess what- IT WORKS.  I am still using it as it works perfectly - even the camera.I used my sisters Razr phone this weekend and I hated it.  The redial feature was slow and the phone not comfortable.  I will be keeping my Samsung for as long as it lives.

If you want to buy a cell phone, keep away from it. It is really hot. Hot? Yes, so hot to burn your cheek after 5 minutes use. That is why this baby only have 2 days standby time at most. My last nokia need to be charged only once a week if I did not call too much. But this one, I have to charge it almost every day. Also the signal is not as good as my old nokia. I had thought sumsung can produce good cell phone. But the A670 dispoint me, as unreliable as Motorola. Maybe next time I should try LG or Siemens.

Its small, light and has some nice features. However there are a few things to mention, the flash is near useless. It's not strong enough to make a difference. However, in a good lighting situation, the pictures do come out alright. Next problem, the predictive text entering. This phones predictive text input doesnt even match to the one I had on my nokia. If you use text messaging often, you may find yourself frustrated just trying to type a simple message. Handsfree headset problem, unless the handsfree set you are using has an answer button on it, you must open the flip phone in order to answer a call using your headset, a pain in the butt. There is no speaker phone feature. Other than these minor problems, the phone has worked great.

I just got this phone today. I don't see why people are complaining about the reception. I live in North Carolina, my friend called from Florida and I could hear his voice perfectly clear. Then I called my uncle who lives in Chicago and the reception was still great. This is a good phone and has some nice features.

I just got this phone...and I love it...I love taking pics of my kids and having them on the background of my phone.  Games are not that important to me.  I love how clear it sounds...and how easy it is to use.

Samsung A670 is a lame phone. Also, the battery life is not good. It didn't have many features so its just a waste of your money. The Ringtone Volume was too low. I would suggest Samsung improved this phone. I am not sure if i ever want another Samusung again. I have all these samsung accessories and they are in no use they just sitting in the box colleting dust.

Ahhhhh I love this phone!  I'm super organized and this phone allowed me to be that organized with all my contacts, schedules, text messageing, etc.  I accidentally dropped mine in the toilet though and it stopped working, because it has massive water damage.  But I wish that Verizon still offered this phone because I would totally buy another one!  I miss it, I don't know what I'm gonna do without it!

This Samsung is the most reliable phone I've ever had. I've had it for two years, dropped it NUMEROUS times, and it is still going strong with only a few scratches. The battery life has declined during this period of time, but it still lasts about two days before charging. While it does not have as many features as the new phones that are out now, I am impressed with how many applications I use daily - alarm clock, scheduler, memo pad, etc. Reception is usually good too.In all honesty though, the camera is not terribly great. Pictures tend to have a weird color tint when you transfer them to your computer and are often blurry. I still enjoy the camera, if only for the fact that you can fiddle with the options (black and white, brightness, flash, etc.) to make pictures look decent. The video option is rather lame though, as the footage is choppy and you can't even transfer or send it to anything.Recently when I was on a shuttle, two girls, both with Razors, saw my phone and exclaimed that they used to have it as well. Both said they missed it and liked it better than their new phones. I am supposed to be getting a new phone too, but I know I will be keeping this one as a back up. If you are looking for a decent and relatively cheap phone, this is a good one.

I didn't purchase this phone here but warning DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!  i started having problems with it a month out the supplier wouldn't help me, samsung wouldn't help me.  I managed to keep the phone going for a year but now after constant fighting and fixing it...its overi just ordered another onei'm never buying from samsung again

I enjoyed using this phone for some time.  It was functional, it felt solid, and it had a nice low profile look.However, after around a year and a half, the continued act of opening and closing the phone has caused the hinge to crack, and to gradually break off completely.  I now have to hold the phone together with my hand while I talk, which is extremely awkward.  This is especially frustrating given the rest of the phone is so well made.  Furthermore, it seems to have unfortunately failed just before my "upgrade" opportunity (in a couple of months), and right after my purchase of some extra accessories (batteries/chargers).Search around online for "a670 hinge" and you will find a lot of other people with problems like mine.  This in itself wouldn't be a problem if Samsung would willingly replace the phone.  However, they are not claiming it as a design defect, and neither Samsung nor Verizon are offering to replace it.  Bad form for both, although perhaps Verizon isn't as much to blame.I would avoid both Samsung and this phone because of this incident.  This phone is seemingly designed to be durable, but it frankly is not meant for the long haul, and is too pricey given its average performance.

I've been using this phone for about 5 days now and the thing that bothers me the most is that the ringtones are too quiet (can't hear the phone ring in a loud restaurant) and there is no Vibrate & Ring at the same time option.  It can only Vibrate THEN Ring.  The vibrate is also really weak.  So if you're like me and you hate missing calls, maybe you should look at some other models.However, the construction is solid and the phone looks real slick.  I believe its the smallest phone that Verizon currently offers and possibly the best looking. The reception on this thing is also clear and up to par with my older Audiovox CDM-9900.Pros:-Small and Stylish-Good battery life-Extendable antenna-Clear earpiece-Easy navigationCons:-Low volume ringers-Weak Vibrate-No Speakerphone-Setting the Call ringer to vibrate does not set the message notification to vibrate, its a separate control.  So you could be in a meeting and get a text message which will make your phone ring even though you set the call ringer to vibrate.  Be careful.One tip about transferring phonebook entries over to your new phone.  If you ask the right person/right store, you can get all your phone numbers transferred from your old phone to your new phone in a matter of minutes.  The Circuit City I went to had this machine where they connect both phones (old and new) at the same time and do the transfer.  This saves ALOT of time!

Up until a week ago, I owned a really old Nokia phone, you know, the cheap ones you can find for sale at the super market. It was time that I get a new one. So, I found the Verizon Wireless site, and liked the deal. I found the Samsung a670 on there and was totally focused on getting that one phone. I'll admit, the features are what really attracted me. So, I bought it, and two days later got it in the mail. I instantly fell in love with it.It's just so sleak looking. I loved the size. It felt so sturdy as I opened it. The display is bright and clear, and the lit up buttons just look cool. I checked out the camera, which is really fun. I've tried the video feature as well, but it's not quite as impressive. The voice recognition is great, you don't even have to program it. The ringtones weren't great, but I just bought a few on Get It Now, I like "XRinger" personally. It also has no games, but I bought Tetris, which is really fun on this phone. It takes some time getting used to it and working out all the features, but that's the fun part. I love this phone, here are my pros and cons:Pros:Small, sleak, and sturdy.Bright and clear screen.Easy to use interface.Outside display very useful, and clear.Nice camera feature, including flash, and the use of the outside screen to take pictures of yourself.Picture caller ID.Get It Now network.Loud ringtones, strong vibrate.Voice recognition, very impressive.Strong signal and sound.Cons:Extendable antenna is a bit hard to pull up.Battery life not so good when used a lot, but I plan on getting the extended battery.And that's it. I can't think of anything else wrong with this phone. I really don't care about having a speaker phone. The antenna is no big deal since you don't usually have to use it that much, the phone works fine without it, at least in my area. This is a must have phone.

This phone puts Verizon's entire ad campaign at risk of being a lie.  The reception is so awful on this phone that I am considering returning to Nextel/Sprint and paying the early termination fee to get away from Verizon.  No matter where I am, and no matter how many bars the phone says I have, conversations are garbled, words get dropped, and everyone is frustrated.  Shame on Verizon for permitting such a piece of junk in its lineup.

M. Lolich has experienced the same delimma.  Two weeks after the warranty expired the right hinge casing broke off, followed shortly by the left and the screen no longer functions.  Naturally, to fix the problem I would pay over $130.00--that's just an estimate.  If you buy this phone be VERY careful when opening and closing, don't lean on it with your ear to your shoulder, and keep checking under any protective covering so you catch the break before the warranty expires.  Otherwise, it's not a bad phone.

This is almost perfect. It gets great reception, even with the antennae down, in fact I have only used the antennae once. The calls are clear, I have no problem hearing anyone I talk to and they have no problem hearing me. I love the color display on the outside. Very nice and unlike my old audiovox, I can see what time it is anytime I look at it without having to wait for the Verizon logo to change back over to the time. Being able to take pictures gives you SO much more choices for phone backgrounds. Right now my background is a unicorn picture that I had saved on my computer. ^_^ Below are what I think are the phone's pros and cons since I find pros and cons to be so helpful when I am shopping online.PROS:--great reliable Verizon reception--great call quality (no distorted or dropped phone calls)--ringer is quite loud (both the preloaded AND the downloaded and I don't have it on the highest setting)--camera takes pretty good pictures if it's main purpose is to take small pictures to send to friends & others or set as a phone background--battery life is good (the battery display is a little misleading (it says it's lower than it really is) but rest assured that you're good to go until it starts blinking)--display screen is bright and colorful and clear and the verizon logo doesn't take up half the screen and cut off the tops of my pictures like on my old audiovox--the phone is very nice looking and conveniently small (bigger than my old audiovox but currently the smallest phone availible from VerizonCONS:--no speakerphone!!! i haven't missed this feature yet but some people might really rely on this.--some features take some playing around time or manual reading to figure out (like how to change the txt msg ringer or set the phone to vibrate) of course if you always read your manual before using something than this isn't a problem for you.--no stopwatch feature like on my old audiovox. (you may not care about this, I haven't missed this feature, but I did like having it.--you can't turn the shutter sound off on the phone. This doesn't bother me, but it may bother some. You can change it to something else. Mine chimes and I hardly even notice it, but I like that it makes a sound so I know that the picture took.--no preloaded games but what phone comes with preloaded games these days except maybe nokia--the 15 preloaded ringtones are not the best, but I hardly ever use those anyway and the ones I do use I actually like for the purpose they serve (like txt msg alert)--the vibrate feature on the phone is not very strong which I like but some people like an electric-like shock to hit them when their phone goes off*This is the fourth cell phone I owned and I love this one the best. I liked my audiovox but it wasn't as cute as this one is.

My daughter and I both got this phone.  Within 2 months, her display was totally distorted, and she couldn't see phone numbers or text messages, and of course couldn't see to take pictures.  The time/date display on the front was intermittantly bad, too.  As for mine, the battery would die within 2 days.  It had to be recharged daily or by the middle of the second day, it would shut down for low battery.  I don't think I'll try another Samsung, this was a bad experience.

So I thought it would be good to trade-up from my old motorolla. Now I'm going back. Who needs a camera and video and color when you can't talk to anyone????

The phone gets heated too soon, about 20 mins of talk time is enough to get your chin heated up. Don't forget to get a hands free if you HAVE to buy this phone....

What is important to me in a phone is ease of operation and how long it holds charge in the battery. The battery consumption with this phone is reasonable and I normally put it on charge every 4 days. This is not bad for a phone with color screen and lit up buttons. It is easy to turn off the sound or change the ring to vibration and vice versa. There are quick buttons for that. The front display shows all the information you need without a need to open up the phone. The size is smaller than average phones. I don't care very much about the camera, but I used it a few times and the picture quality is good for a camera phone. You can also assign pictures on caller ID so instead of the number, the picture pops up when you receive call. I think this phone is in general a good choice.I just have one personal objection to it. I normally use the calendar heavily to remind me and organize me about what I have to do. The organizer in this phone is ok but you can set notifications for at most 1 hour ahead which is normally late. I need to be reminded a day or sometimes a week in advance. This is the only thing that bothers me about this phone.

Tried my new phone for three weeks. I used it to call some cell phones, home phones from different carriers and services. The Sound is just not good.[...]

This was my "free" phone (with a two-year committment to Verizon). For today's trendy cellphone users who want to be seen in possession of stunning latest-gen technology, it won't cut it.  This is a nice, small durable metal phone for people who want to make and take calls -- period. Yes, it will take pictures of elemental quality (even on the "quality" setting), but you have to go through the drill of using the network to send these things around, if that's your idea of fun. It's too bad that none of the smaller, inexpensive phones have simple USB ports on them, because then you could just download your pictures into your computer and be done with it.My only real motivation to upgrade to another Samsung phone (also free with the two-year committment) was that this phone has no speakerphone! Yikes! Apart from the sheer convenience and enhanced safety that a speakerphone provides, in more and more states you dare not let the police see you driving around with a phone next to your ear or you'll get busted.The little phone is very tough even when handled roughly. It has an extending antenna that doesn't seem to do much of anything, and although it provides average transmission and reception performance, that's exactly what it is -- average. So much of the success and failure of cellphone usage has to do with the antenna sites you typically use, so if you can, check those out thoroughly so that you'll know where the "coverage holes" are. This is true with any cellphone, no matter how expensive it is, or how many cute features it has.Well, after all, it was free with the two-year committment to the Verizon calling plan, so the price was right. Some people change service providers for cell service, internet, etc., almost as often as they bathe, so if you aren't one of these, check to see what the service providers offer for "free".

Almost 2 years ago, my fiance and I signed up for a 2-year contract with Verizon. We got a great deal for both phones. And two years later, both phones are in excellent condition with very few scratches and dents. This is a great phone for someone who would still like the option to take pictures and short videos but does not use it heavily. I have 38 pictures saved on my phone right now and sending picture messages is extremely easy and relatively quick with this phone.Pros:- Sturdy: It's not as thin or flimsy as some of the newer ultra-thin  phones. I have dropped my phone so many times and my phone is still in excellent condition. Another thing I really like is that when you drop the phone, the battery doesn't detach easily. Everytime I dropped my old sony ericsson, the battery would also detach and I'd have to restart my phone.- Compact: Though it is on the thicker side, this Samsung is very compact but not too small where you fear loosing it.- Good Buttons: For those who text message a lot, the way the buttons feel can really make a difference. The buttons on this phone are smooth and great for texting.- Menu & short cuts: On the side of the phone, you can adjust your ringtone volume by simply pressing the up or down arrow. If you hold #, your phone goes into vibrate mode. If press the camera button on the right hand side of the phone the camera & video menu pop up. You can also choose which shortcut you'd like when you press "up," I have mine set on the calendar.- Long battery life: I'm not one to spend hours on my cell phone, but for every day use, this phone is great with respect to its battery life. There have been times when I forget to charge my phone and go 2 days without charging and it is still close to fully charged.- Camera has flash & other neat options: You can also adjust the brightness level, have a self timer, take multiple shots, 10 different "fun frames," and 5 different colortones like sepia, monochrome (black & white and negative.- Zoom: You can zoom upto X4.- Phonebook: Contacts are easy to access and it's easy to search for entries. I like the fact that you can enter multiple numbers under one name. You can enter that persons home, mobile, fax, office and pager number. You can also enter an alias and email address. You can assign a personalized ring tone and picture and you can categorize your contacts in different groups.- Voice commands:By pressing & holding the * button, a voice command menu appears. It's a nice feature but is not something I often use.- Speed dailing: One feature that I do take advantage of is speed dailing. It's nice only having to press a button to instantly connect with another person.- Menu styles: There are 2 different menu styles you can use. I like the nature option which has cute animation for each subcategory you scroll through. My fiance uses the icon style which is a more simple design.- Custom welcome and goodbye screen.Cons:- Video quality is poor and very pixelated. My phone only holds 2 15-second videos.- Despite the generous 15 ring tones, it's hard finding a ringtone that doesn't make you want to pull your hair out. Out of the 15 ring tones, there are only about 2 decent ring tones.- Antenna: I don't use the antenna very often but when I do, it has a hard time staying up and is very flimsy.- Picture quality is not the best. If you intend on taking a lot of pictures I would recommend investing in a better picture phone.- Does not have V-Cast.- No MP3 player.Overall: This cell phone is exactly that, a cell phone to make calls. It has some additional features like picture taking and video and organization tools like the phonebook and planner but it is still a fairly basic phone.

This dual-band color camera flip phone on the Verizon network is a surprisingly good handset.  I was a bit frustrated at having to choose between the 2 Samsung models - one being tri-mode (a650), and the other being dual-mode (this phone, the a670).  Those tricksters made the one with the front LCD the dual-mode one.  Honestly, who buys flip phones anymore that don't have the front display?  There is no way in hell I can go backwards in technology.  When the StarTac phone died, so did that whole concept.  So of course I bought the A670, and thought I could live without the analog frequency.  Also, I've heard that the A650 (which is the tri-mode version) has much worse battery life because the phone is constantly switching between digital or 1xRRT and analog mode, the latter being a total power drain, as is just the switching at all.Anyway, the bottom line is that this is a great phone with excellent reception, as long as you don't need analog.  (I have only owned tri-mode phones up to this point, and I fortunately have not missed the analog frequency at all.  I was initially worried about that.)  The sound comes in clearly, and I'm told that I sound clear on the other end.  Another strong suit of this phone is the form factor and exceptional build quality.  Not only do I think it's the most gorgeous phone offered by Verizon, it's also compact, perfectly curved and shaped for pocket insertion, and it's very solidly built.  It feels sturdy to hold and use.  It weighs a little more than the similar LG and Audiovox models, but it's a difference that you grow to appreciate because it just feels much more substantial.If your needs stop there, then hold it - you've got yourself a new phone.For me, there are some irritating points about this phone beyond the basic call-making and form factor.  Namely, the software.  It's not customizable.  It's very rudimentary.  For all the effort put into the elegance and construction of the design, you'd think some attention would be paid to the inside.If you are a text messaging freak like I am, then this phone probably is not the best choice for you.  It's not the worst, but it definitely leaves something to be desired.  For one thing, the font is terrible.  It's like bolded 14 point Courier New.  This means that you have to scroll down one line for every word, practically.  And there is no way to adjust it either.  Another thing is that the key stroke recognition is very slow.  Often, you don't realize that the keys you hit didn't register, so you are well on your 2nd or 3rd word when you realize you have to fix the first word.  Irritating.  Finally, you are able to add words to the T9 dictionary, but it doesn't stay for long.  Very curious bug.  I don't fully understand what's going on with that, but I know that I've added quite a few curse words, and I've had to re-enter them so many times, and it still doesn't take.  Another thing that would make this phone a better SMS-enabled phone would be if the menu offered the ability to send a text message right off of the contact name, rather than having to scroll through the SMS menu to start a message.  It would also be great if you could begin composing a message without having specified a destination address.  Often I'm thinking of what I want to write without necessarily wanting to scroll through the 9-step contacts menu.  The final shortcoming of the text messaging is that you can't scroll up and down lines once you've typed.  Whether you press the down, up, left or right buttons, it will only go back and forth word by word.  Very annoying if you want to change something at the top of your message.  To further annoy you, after a certain number of characters, it stops allowing word-scrolling altogether and you have to go character by character.  And you have to keep on clicking over and over again because it doesn't do the smart auto-scrolling when you keep the button depressed.  Very, very lame and very, very carpal tunnel-inducing.One of the small things that I love when phone manufacturers include is the reminder beep.  The Samsung A670 definitely has that for SMS and voicemail, which is the most typical offering, but I think it would be great if they borrowed a page from Motorola and added one for missed calls.  And make it configurable!  Also, when the phone is set on vibrate, it only vibrates the first time when the SMS or voicemail gets sent, but does not offer any reminder vibrations.  This is a mistake.One thing about the ringer setting is that, aside from the global vibrate mode (set by pressing down the # key), the call ringer setting is independent from the SMS/vmail ringer setting.  This means that if you only toggle between sound and vibrate, you're fine, but if you wanted the phone to be silent (and not vibrating), then you have to set the call ringers to silent AND you have to go to the SMS/vmail menu to set those ringers to silent as well.  It sounds ridiculous, but I learned the hard way that this is absolutely true.There are several pre-installed professional-sounding ring tones to choose from.  It's a sad trend in the industry that phones are coming with fewer (if at all) ring tones that are not songs or chimes.  Samsung offers a fair share of annoying tunes, but it's nice that they offer at least 3 actual ring tones that would be acceptable in an office setting.A cool feature that I discovered is that, as long as you don't have "active flip" set, if you receive a call while the phone is open and you accidentally close it during the ringing, it doesn't hang up that call, like other phones I've had do.  You can basically keep opening and closing the phone throughout the ringing and it won't hang it up nor answer it until you deliberately press "answer" or "ignore".  Very cool.  I've inadvertently closed the phone without necessarily meaning to screen out the call with previous phones.  Also, after sending an SMS, I can close the phone right away and it still continues the 'sending' process (which can take about 10 - 15 seconds) - something that has saved me some time.  Send it, and fuhget about it!  It's a feature that I still wonder how phones ever got away with NOT having.I also like the fact that the display is very vibrant.  There is a power save mode which takes it down a notch, which I find quite nice actually because at times the non-power save mode can be *too* bright.  Another power saving consideration is that you have to keep the side button pressed down for at least 2 seconds in order to activate the light on the front LCD.  This is nice and avoids overuse of the light when you accidentally just tap it.  Some users find it annoying though, that they have to keep it pressed for soooo looong just to get the light to come on.  I rather like it.The battery meter is a bit misleading.  There are only 3 bars, and the first 2 bars come down really, really fast.  So it seems like the battery life is atrocious.  Really, though, the battery life is not as bad as it seems; it's moderate, and that last bar hangs on for quite a long time.If this phone had speakerphone, it would be a near-perfect phone.Even though I spent a great deal of time talking about the flaws of this phone, there really aren't phones out there that don't have major software (and hardware) shortcomings.  Relatively speaking, this phone's flaws are not that bad.  In truth, in terms of call quality and form factor alone, and all in all, this is the best non-PDA phone on Verizon's network and my favorite phone I've owned to date, and considering how many phones I've owned, that is saying quite a lot.

I am a kid, but i dont want to use the kids review.M daddy got this fone for work so he let me fool around with it for a few minutes. I couldnt find how to change the ringtone or how to add an entry to the phone book. The menus arwe very hard to find things. The reason i rated it 3 stars is because it has a flash thingy for the camera and the outer screen is color so you can take pics with it. All u hav 2 do is wait for the camera toload and then close it. To take piks press the camera side button

I have had this phone for less than two months. Up and until last week it was a very enjoyable experience--Despit there being no pre-loaded games. And then, a few days ago, the right hinge cracked, and then the entire phone began to fall apart. Samsung is AWARE of this problem, as well as the repair shops that fix Samsung phones, yet this issue is NOT covered in the warranty--What is a warranty for then??? DO NOT GET THIS PHONE. If you do, BEWARE. You have been warned.

I purchased this phone through Verizon's New Every Two program last summer.  This is my third Samsung phone and I have become a loyal Samsung user.  Without taking into account all the extra features that cell phones come with nowadays, the purpose of this phone is to make and receive calls, and it does that better than any other phone I have seen recently.  The sound is clear and I am more likely to retain a signal than any of my colleagues who use Verizon but have a different cell phone.  All the reviews I have seen on this site that criticize the phone's reception probably don't take into account the fact that they are operating in a location where ANY cell phone would suffer.  I use my phone primarily in the metro Washington DC area.  I am also a police officer, and if my radio ever went out of service I would entrust this phone to be my lifeline over any others.Now to the negative aspects.  As I said before, I obtained this phone through Verizon's New Every Two program.  I believe at the time that Verizon was giving customers $200 off any phone they wanted.  Now it has gone down to just $100.  With $200 off, I got this phone for free.  Now, if I went to get this phone brand new today, it would cost $270, and even if I were eligible for the New Every Two program TODAY, I would only get $100 off so the phone would be $170.  It seems to me a bit ridiculous that a phone was obtainable for almost nothing a year ago, and now it costs that much.  I lost this phone in the line of duty (did not have the phone insurance, which I should have had).  I'm not asking for any leeway in terms of replacing the phone because I did not have the insurance, however, it is assenine that customers are being charged more for a phone that uses older technology.I highly recommend this phone, but when it comes to Verizon's customer relations and innovative ideas for new phones, I am sorely disappointed.  There should be something better out by now.
