
I've had the LG VX 7000 for several months now and feel that I know enough about the phone to write a review about it. I've had my fair share of decent phones - I've lived in Seoul, where people have access to the newest LG and Samsung phones in existence - and decided that all in all, this is a great phone.THE LOOKTruthfully, the look wasn't the most flattering aspect of the phone, but it could also be that Verizon feels the need to write 'Verizon' all over their phones. As for the size, it's slightly larger than a lot of the Samsung phones I've seen, but it is in no way bulky or tank-like. If you prefer tiny phones with small everything, you may want to look somewhere else.There is a very clear large color screen display on the inside of the flip along with a smaller (maybe half the size) color screen display on the outside. This can get convenient as you can just press a button on the side and check for the time, or take pictures with the flap closed using the camera button on the side.The keys have a blue backlight that lights up for a period of time when you open the flap or press a button. The antenna is fixed, so there aren't worries about ending up with bent ones. There is no speakerphone on this, but unless you know that you'll need it, I don't think it's a big issue.THE CALLING/PHONEBOOK/ORGANIZATION ETCSimply put, reception is great. I haven't had a problem with reception, and I am currently residing in a VERY rural area in Mass where I think Cingular and Verizon are the only service providers. If you like voice/speed dialing, the VX7000 has it.You can also put in 500 contacts (each contact can have two mobile numbers, two email addresses, fax, work, home) and 99 people on your speed dial.THE BATTERYBattery life is very good, although I wouldn't go as far as to say that it lasts for a week (as the product description says). In a more realistic case, I may spend something like 30 minutes on the phone a day, and the battery will last about 4, maybe 5 days (which I think is good considering I've seen some phones that have to be recharged every other day).PICTURES/RINGTONESThere is Picture ID and Ringer ID on this phone, which I really liked when I got this. The swivel lens camera gives you the option of taking pictures/video clips while the phone is open or closed - it's definitely an added luxury, as you can always see the images being recorded and don't have to do the take-the-pic-and-check routine. There is also a flash that you can use, digital zoom, and a lot of color setting options that you can choose from. And the quality of the pictures/video clips are actually very good compared to the average cellphone.As for ringtones, I refuse to use Verizon's ridiculously expensive Get It Now service. With a usb data cable (I got mine from Ebay for $9 including shipping) you can upload songs (though you should probably do clipped songs for memory conservation purposes) in mp3 format and set it as your ringtone, and the phone will play the mp3 as it is, though without the bass. This is not only cheaper than what Verizon can ever offer, but its sounds nicer than any other Get It Now ringtone I've ever heard.Some potential annoyances- It is not bluetooth compatible, so if that's an important feature for you this phone won't do.- Like I said earlier, just slightly bulky compared to some tiny flip phones.- The options for 'font' is either large or small. I was expecting real fonts. Limited display themes (default, business, tropical, blue). These are however quite unnecessary in my opinion, so it doesn't bother me.- There is 'Verizon' written all over the phone... on the outside under the small screen, over the large inner screen, and on the battery. If you count the 'Verizon Wireless' banner on the actual screens, its like 5. (with the usb cable you can get rid of these on the screens)This was the only real annoying thing for me. But obviously this is not LG's fault.All in all, it's a great phone. I fully recommend it. :)

I have a tip for the first reviewer that says this phone does not have vibrate alert.  You have to change the PIX, TXT, Voice, Email alerts to "no ring" (one or all), then change your Alert Vibrate to "on."  It worked when I did it.  Overall, this is a great phone with good sound quality when you are taking a call in a noisy area.  I never thought I'd want a camara phone, but this is a fun option.  The color quality on the screen is awesome.  The menus are intuitive and you don't even need to refer to the manual to use the features.

After reading all sorts of reviews I decided to get this phone for my wife. She has a harder time seeing the displays on smaller screens and I thought the color and larger screen would help.Comparing it to the LG VX6100 that I got, the resolution and clarity was about the same. On this phone, I liked the way the camera could rotate. It looked kind of boxy and square but my wife was going to keep it in her purse so looks didn't really matter much. It had big number keys and the menus were easy to navigate.However, this phone was a bit bigger and chunkier than my VX6100. Also, I found the reception on this phone wasn't as good. It could be that it only shows 4 bars for a full strength signal whereas other phones I've had show 5-6 bars.Even so, when we would call from our house, the reception was noticeably worse with the VX7000. We also had problems with echoing. We would call the same number with the VX6100 and have great reception and no echo. Go figure!As a result, we returned this phone and purchased the VX6100.All in all this is a decent phone, although on the larger size. With the technology changing so rapidly and phones getting smaller, you'd do better off getting a newer phone.

I just got my LG VX7000 and I have to say that this cell phone is the best I have ever had.  I am new to the Verizon network and I must say that getting paid $50 to get the phone is a nice perk.The screen is really big and very, very vibrant and colorful.  It looks like an LCD laptop screen of LCD TV screen.  It is really bright, big, and awesome!  Compare it to other color screen phones, from only a year ago and see how this phone's screen is so much better!The amount of memory that it has is really great as well!  I have about 15 MP3 ringtones on the phone (which I made with 160 bit quality) and the phone doesn't seem to be maxxed out of memory.  The sounds of the ringtones sound really great, considering the phone has a small speaker to play them from.I have been getting all of my ringtones and images from [...] - it only has a one time fee of $12 and you get all of the ringtones and images that you want!  And, if they are not on the site, the webmaster (Alex) will create the ringtones for you (in under a day), exactly how you request them.  The site is really amazing and is like none other (customer service-wise) I have ever used.  It is totally worth it and highly recommended!  It also has tutorials and other little tricks that you can do with your phone.I must warn people that the "3-Piece Accessory Kit" being sold on Amazon for the LG VX7000 comes with a car charger which is NOT compatible with the LG VX7000 (BLACK).  I complained to Amazon and they sent me another pack - of the same thing.  It is very frustrating and not recommended.I only wish that the phone's alarm would work when the phone is off...

First of all  be aware that the LG VX700 comes in TWO seperate models. The first one that came out had a blue front and then LG came out with an improved model with a black front. These are two different phones and the assesories from one will not fit the other! I do not know why LG did this but it was a pain trying to get the correct assesories when I got the black model (LG VX7000 BK) and it is still a pain IDing the correct models in on-line stores.When I got this phone I wanted speaker phone but later found out that the sales person at verizon didn't know that this phone didn't have this feature, figures.  I always keep the phone in the clip and I have dropped my phone several times and it NEVER Broke or needed repair until I ran it over with my Jeep.Now I want a phone that is compatable with the assessories from my LG VX700 BK and it is a night mare trying to figure this out since this information is not readily available to consumers in any of the cell phones. I guess this info is top secret or they think we the consumer are to dumb to need this info. I think simple is best but unfortunately I need a phone.

I've owned a few cell phones in my day.  I usually get bored, and after the first year I upgrade and pass my old phone to my husband.  Before this one I owned an LG VX6000 - and I was tired of it.  I LOVE the swivel cameral lens, I LOVE the voice dial - which by the way is my own voice!  Same thing with the VX6000. Anyway, this is the first time that I've been over my year, still not bored.  I actually DO NOT want to give up this VX7000 for a pink razor phone.  I LOVE LG's to begin with!!  I don't know that I'll ever give my husband this phone.  I might let him upgrade!! LOLAnyway, a nice looking, nice feeling, sturdy phone!  They don't even sell these anymore.  You will have to get one on eBay!  I LOVE THIS PHONE!

Has horrible reception while everyone around me has perfect cell reception.  Have had this problem since I got it.  Have heard the same complaint from friends that have one too.  Picture resolution is terrible.  Dropped once and the screen cracked immediately on the inside.  Would be nice if it had a speaker phone.

I was looking at new phones and decided to upgrade from the LG VX6000 to the VX7000. I had gotten used to the VX6000 so I was a bit apprehensive to upgrade but I like to have the best there is out there and I am happy that I upgraded. The VX7000 is better is so many ways.Pros:Front LCD screen (Shows Caller ID pics on the front of the phone)More Memory (Downloaded over 20 ringtones with still more room)Better Battery LifeBigger Buttons for Bigger handsRotating Camera (Works with phone closed even, LCD is viewfinder)Video messagesRecord your own ringtonesCons:No Vibrating message alert (Ringtones only)Larger than VX6000 (Slightly though)No full silent mode (Does have vibrate only mode though)No BluetoothNo Speakerphone (I never used it so I don't need it)No ability to hide phone numbers (VX6000 had the ability to not show numbers without entering code)As you can see the VX7000 does not have some features that the VX6000 had though it does have new options that the VX6000 does not have. That is why the VX7000 is almost the perfect phone. If this phone had the full silent mode and vibrating text alert I could overlook the size issue and call this the perfect phone. Keep in mind though I do love my phone and show it off to anyone who has the VX6000 and I do recommend it to anyone on Verizon plans. In conclusion I say to anyone who is thinking of upgrading; buy the LG VX7000, the pros far outweigh the cons.

I'm currently 14 and I got this phone a couple of months ago and so far I have had no problems with it.  The phone is not to large or bulky it fits fine in my pocket or my backpack easily.  The camera takes very good quality pictures in well lit indoor rooms and outdoors.  Also get it now is a very good service to have for downloading games, but beware if the description says that the game uses airtime.  Airtime uses minutes.  The fact that it has a stub antenna is not important.  The stub gets the same amount of service as a retractable.  The final thing is the service meter.  When it shows no bars, there is still service.  It is not until the antenna goes away and the words "no service" come up on the screen that u cannot make calls.  They can still be made and received w/ no bars.Pros:* get it now:  (jamdat 2005 baseball great game)* AIM (no airtime or minute uses text messaging per IM only)* External photo caller-id and camera view finder* Swivel camera w/ flash* Easy to use date book* Voice dial* Recordable ring tones through phone mic* Notepad* Call timer* Big screen* Easy to use menusCons:* No speakerphone* No Bluetooth* Flash cannot brighten things far away (but good close even w/ no light)* Camera bad quality in very low light* No ability to zoom in when taking picture w/ phone closed (not that important but u can w/ some phones)

Pros:+ Menus are easy to use+ Best Color screen on the market, better than my pocket pc+ Two color screens, Picture caller ID+ Voice dialing that works perfectly even in loud areas+ Midi and mp3 ringtones, you can record a ringtone through the mic, and assign a different ringtone to every contact+ Swivel camera also records video, which you can send via email+ Button on the outside allows you to take a picture without opening the phone and uses the outside lcd as a viewfinder+ Verizon coverage is the best I've had.+ Supports Brew 2.0+ Has a cool light show when someone calls+ loud ringer+ Nice big buttons for dialingCons- really lame rubber flap that covers the charging connector isn't connected to the phone- Battery life is a little weak; maybe 3-4 hours talktime- The camera is .3 megapixels, (640x480) and is pretty crappy- the 'camera flash' is just the light that blinks when the phone is ringing- is a little big (not super big, just a little big)- No bluetooth, or IRDA, no memory expansion.OverallVery good phone, I love the midi ringtones (just email them to the phone) and the mp3 ringtones.  Reception is great, and the verizon coverage is great in the SF bay area.  Menus are easy to use and well layed out.

I had it over 3 years and it was working great. Battery lasts very long. Phone is very durable and solid.

I have had this phone for about 1 year now. My 1 year contract is over in August. This phone is fantastic! Takes really good pictures! The screen is wide so you can see everything. Video works well, you can upload your photo's & video's To Pix Place where you can see it on the computer.Yes, the only down point about the phone is that it does not have speaker and VCAST. However, I had no problem with this phone whatsoever. I say it is pretty darn good. Wish it had an MP3 though, haha.

Hi, I just bought this phone after 1 month of research. I wanted to stay with Verizon so my search was limited to verizon. I think this phone is excellent. I had LG VX4000 before this one. THis phone has nice looks, very good signal strength, extremely light weight (0.28 oz)and excellent navigation menue. Great screen and great camera as well..I think this is one of the best phones i have ever had.

I tried three phones w/ Verizon before I found this one. Was a bit concerned about it being thicker than the Samsung I gave up when Sprint left me, but it turned out great. Everyone else talks about the great camera and video(my PC wallpaper is from a camera shot, and the hangliding for my birthday is my favorite video,) the voice dialing (never used it) and the great screen. GREAT screen. But the reason why I'm at Amazon today is, this thing has taken SO MUCH ABUSE and still works perfectly. I want a 'clean' one, because the abuse is really starting to show. This thing has fallen out of my pocket many times, including running across a road to get a regular camera's picture of a rattlesnake, then been recovered by a park ranger who drove over it. It lives in the same jeans pocket as my car keys, I sweat on it in the mesh pocket of my running shorts on marathon training runs, I use it to connect to the 'net from my laptop, it's ALWAYS with me, and it NEVER has failed. The keys are big enough for my big fingers (6'2" and oversized hands), and joy-stick button is easy and responsive. The backlit buttons are easy to read, even though, after almost three years of use, the lettering is starting to wear off of a couple of the buttons.I'm text-messaging more now, and looked into Verizon's Samsung u740, but the buttons are WAY too small, and that 2-way hinge'll last about three months under my use. No thanks.But mine's not pretty any more, unless the scars are badges of honor. You can see the real color of the plastic, since the 'chrome' is worn off in a lot of places, and the outside screen goes all-blue from time to time, since shortly after it was run over, and the asphalt scrapes and scuffs are a nice diagonal counterpoint to the microphone 3-hole opening on the cover. But I can tell mine from my wife's from across the room, even though we have the same model.The VX7000 may not support all the latest services from Verizon, but it covers most of them, from Vcast to web-browsing, and it certainly does the basics, (call, connect, text) better than any others I've used...And did I mention it's one tough mo-fo?

good phonenice displaybut so so ringtone

Think again before purchasing this phone.  I bought it because the Consumer Report had it as #1.  They were joking.  It is bulky, display is for almost blind with font #46 letters, it has ugly graphics and limited features for programming our options.  The reception is average, it doesn't work inside the house, but gets 3 bars on the driveway(?)(Friend's other phones work just fine inside).  With the cover light, which is right above the front display you could control the traffic on the bussiest intersection in your town, it is really bright, ugly and tottaly not cool.  I have never seen anything like this - what did they think off?  But what pisses me off the most is that these lights flash to let you know that the battery is low - which I consider somehow stupid because it is draining your battery even faster.  So I give it 2 at the most.

I consider this phone almost useless due to the unacceptable amount of dropped calls I now deal with. I blame the phone because when I'm standing next to a friend that has Verizon and a different phone they'll have at least two more "bars" than I have and never drop calls. Even when my phone shows three bars I'll drop a call. I have updated the software several times and delt with Verizon's "Costomer support" (Ha) several times neither of which made a difference. They (Either Verizon or LG, I'm not sure which) have also made it very difficult to transfer pics and ringtones to and from the phone without an extra charge.

I thought for the price the phone would have more options.I was surprised it does not have speaker phone. Also it does not show the person calling on the front screen. This is  my first cell phone, so it works well other wise. I just thought for the price it would have had speaker phone.

I'm a lover of all gadgets and always have to get the "coolest" cell phone out there at the time.  This phone has been really great over the past 14+ months that I've owned it (I have the blue version).  I've not had ONE problem with it doing anything it shouldn't do (i.e. randomly powering off, antenna problems, etc).  I cannot say that for every cell phone I've ever owned.  LG makes a great cell phone and within their different models, I think this one is the best I've seen so far.  My brother has this exact model and loves it, too.The phone has a beautiful color screen, easy to navigate menus, a nice camera and video function, and OUTSTANDING battery life.  The only complaint I will echo is that it would be nice at times to have a speakerphone.  Other than that, this cell phone is the best I've found - including several other LG models that friends and family own.

Runs out of battery very soon. Having owned a Samsung p105, I feel this phone lasts only half the time after full charging. Another knock on the phone is that its bulky and heavier than several other phones.

I got this for a gift. This phone is really nice! It is a combination phone/organizer/digital camera (with 1 minute video & sound)/voice recorder. You can even surf online (with purchase of the service), email your friends through text messages, and talk on IM (Yahoo, MSN, and AOL). You can do a lot with this phone. I'm very pleased.

The phone is great.  i have owned it for almost a year now.  i broke it once.  the flip snapped off the body but that's because someone grabbed the other half and pulled it.  camera is fantastic for the price.  my friend has the Motorola E815 and it is far better than the 1.3 megapixel version.  &lt;u>NO SPEAKERPHONE.&lt;/u>  biggest freakin' complaint.  videos are only 15 seconds but what can you expect from a cell phone right?  lots of memory to hold 100+ photos in high quality.  the real ringers are great.  speaker (for the ringer) sounds fantastic.  overall great phone.  just speakerphone is needed.

I got this phone a few weeks ago and I love it! Here are the pros and the cons:Pros:-Very good camera for a phone-Dropped it many times and nothing has happened to it yet-Has a good style with the black on the front-Nice screen-Easy menus (LG is good at making simple menus)-Swivel lens-Sound qualityCons:-Pictures come out bad without being in a well lit area (but all camera phones are like this)-Flash doesnt really do anything, it has to be pretty damn dark but it still doesnt really help with the picture-The phone is a little too thick for me-Video is mediocre-The banner for the front screen doesn't work, but I really dont care about that as long as the banner for the main screen is working-No speakerphone (I have no use for it but I thought I would warn someone buying this phone that wants a speakerphone)Overall this is a great phone.

I'm sure the call reception varies by area, so let's ignore that in this review (And I think everyone else should do the same as well).Simply put, its a great overall phone.  It does everything great and the camera phone does a good enough job.  The pictures may look blurry, but try moving them over to a computer and viewing them as their intended.  The resolution of the pics far exceed that of the display on the phone.My only grievances are that the voice quality in the earpiece could be improved a bit and speakerphone would be a nice addition.Otherwise, great phone and make sure you pick up a data cable from EBay.  The things you can do with a cable and BitPIM are awesome.

Sharp, crisp screen. Above Average UI, but bad compared to Nokia's. Good Grip. Screen sucks up too much of battery life, below average battery performance. Overall Above avg experience.But I have a very bad experience with Verizon. Will not go back to Verizon for a long time.

this phone is really awesome!! my first camera/color screen phone...but did LOTS of research before buying this phone...here's what i got so far...Pros:- good signal- good battery life- decent camera (except in low lite)- decent movie clips- LCD screen is just awesome!- voice dialing learns very fast!- intuitive menus- cool lights when someone calls u- good txt msg font + features- stylish layoutCons:- no speakerphone- no bluetooth- no option to keep front LCD on all the time (u won't know if u missed a call unless u press one of the outside buttons)- provided ringtones are not goodoverall, i really like this phone....if only it had a speakerphone & bluetooth...it would be perfect!!

Unfortunately it got put in the washing machine on accident.I now use the 8100 and do not like it. The 7000 pic quality is far more superior to the 8100 even though the 8100 is 1.3 megapixels.So here is the #1 thing I miss about my VX7000...Recording sounds! You can use your own recorded sounds as your ring tone, so you don't have to use the stupid Verizon supplied tones or Pay for them to download them. As for the previous posting about the phones powering down all of the sudden...I never had that happen. I found this phone to be the best phone hands down that I have ever owned. the Razors are wayyyy to hard to push the buttons anyways.Get this phone for sure.

Before this phone, I have owned two other insignificant cell phones that I had originally gotten with the wireless plan I had selected.  This time, I wanted to purchase a really nice phone - especially since prices have really come down within the last year or so.The LG VX7000 is an absolute dream.  The dual screens are crisp, bright, and easy to view.  The front screen is rather low res, but it's still rather nice - especially when using it to take pictures without even opening the cell phone!  Despite not being marketed as a professional camera, the images taken with the phone are clean and clear.  I've heard some complaints concerning the swivel lens, but I love it.  It makes it a lot easier to take self-portraits (or to have the people in your address book take self-portraits for photo ID).I have excellent reception with the phone, despite living in an area where I had little or no coverage with my previous phones.  Essentially, I live in a veritable black hole at the bottom of a huge hill, surrounded by trees and the like.  The battery life is phenominal; I had originally planned on getting an extended battery, but after using it for a while, I no longer feel that this is necessary.  Furthermore, the phone is intuitive to use and requires no effort on your part to set everything up.  Most of the phone features are easily accessible within three key presses or less!The phone is a bit larger than the phones with which I am previously acquainted.  Furthermore, though I love the ability to have custom ring tones, I dislike the fact that - officially - you need to download ringtones from Verizon itself.  However, on a recommendation, I downloaded BitPim and purchased the USB cable and now can upload/download images directly from my computer without having to resort to any of the other roundabout methods that have been previously mentioned (for example, messaging a copy of the file to your cell phone).  It's a hack - and thereby unsupported - but it works well for an indecisive person such as myself who would like the flexibility to change tones and backgrounds without having to pay so often.Pros:* Intuitive interface* Long battery life* Excellent reception* An easy-to-use camera phone with swivel lens* The ability to record new ring tones with surprising clarity from the mic* MP3 and midi ring tones* Photo ID and ring ID for the people in your address book* Voice dialing (I'm lazy sometimes)* Clear sound - this baby packs a punch!* Keys are backlit and very easy to view, even in the darkCons:* Lack of speakerphone* It's only slightly larger than the phones that I am used to* The analog clock is moderately annoying* Inability to customize the LEDs or even remove the feature* Not Bluetooth compliantAll in all, the phone was more than worth what I spent on it.  Furthermore, I happened to purchase the phone from Amazon when they were having a slew of rebates for the phone, so - once I am able to apply for those - the phone comes out to only pocket change!

PROS;-nice size and weight-big clear screen-movable camera-exterior screen-pix caller id-good calendar-huge pix memory capacity-good pix (only in the daytime)CONS;-Not very customizable-Always a stupid double banner at the top and bottom of screen (like I really needed reminded of what company service I use constantly)-Wasted screen space!-flash and even the concept of pix at night....dont bother-CANT CUSTOMIZE LED COLORS!! (When I make or recieve a call its teal, blue, lavender and white...wow thanks. The only time I can see the whole awesome rainbow is when a friggin alarm is going off)

I have owned two LG phones including the VX7000 and I had problems with both phones powering down for no reason.  I have friends that also own LG phones and they have had the same problem.  Verizon has provided me with a new VX7000 however I lost all of my downloads.  I had similar problems with an early version of the VX7000 LG phone too.  It would powerdown if you laid it down facing up.  I had to always have it laying on its side to prevent it from turning off.  Overall, I thought that this phone provided good features for the money.  This review is just to make you aware of the phone turning off without reason.  If you experience this problem, return it immediately to get a new one because it can not be fixed and the frequency of the powering off will increase as the phone ages.

I switched to Verizon about a year ago due to very poor reception and horrible customer service from Cingular. Since the switch, I have never been more pleased with the service in all areas. I first bought the Audiovoxx phone, but soon realized it was a piece of crap. I returned it for the LG VX7000 (Blue Edition) for a small upgrade. It was well worth my money.I have great reception everywhere I go, I record my own ringtones (I try to get my contacts to record their own ringtone so it plays when they call) and pictures turn out great with the rotating lens. The display is crystal clear and vibrant compared to other LG models (especially the LG models from Cingular). The video feature is one of my favorites, but it doesn't have a lot of memory for it. The light on the outside is very versatile. It acts as a flash while taking pictures, it lights up various colors when making and receiving calls, it lights up when the battery is low, and it lights up when a text message is received. The keypad lights up blue for very easy readability in the dark.The most amazing thing is that this phone is very light to be a flip phone considering its size. There are lots of other flip phones smaller than this one that weigh more.This is one of Verizon's best phones other than the newer version, the VX8000. Verizon's LG's put its competitor, the Motorola, to shame. I recommend this phone to any first-time Verizon customers or LG customers. It is an all-around excellent phone and I could not be any more satisfied with it!

I purchased this phone about a month ago and it has not disapointed me in the least. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that there is no speaker phone. However I knew it didnt when I got it. Also I havn't tried to use the usb cable that can be purchased online. Im hoping my computer doesnt put up too much fuss about it because I have lots of pictures I want to download.Thats another thing, the camera takes some pretty clear 640x480 sized pictures. The video isnt all that great, and I havnt figured out how to get it to record longer than 15 seconds of it.The phone comes with some pretty lame ring tones however I imagine once I get the USB cable then you can use mp3s.I was also alittle skeptical about the lack of an extendable antenna but the phone gets great signal most of the time. There are occasions where it obviously can not but thats to be expected depending on what carrier you have.Over all I give it 4 stars losing points only for the lack of speaker phone, recordable video, initial ring tone selection. But it makes up for it for being a great modable phone.

I signed up for this service via amazon.com by purchasing the equipment (LG VX7000 Phone) at the price of $174.99 and a one-year contract plan of American's Choice 450.However, I received a letter from verizon states that's the term of my contract is for 2 years, which contradicts the term and agreement I originally signed up for.  I called verizon customer service and was told that I had to pay a $50 different to get a one-year contract.  I asked what the price of the equipment was for a one-year and two-year contract.  The customer service told me that it was $199.99 for a one-year contract and $149.99 for a two-year contract.  So in order for me to have a one-year contract, I have to pay extra $50.  I am sure you probably see what seems to be a problem here.  First, even if I agree to change to a one-year contract (when I say "change," I mean it is a change in your point of view since now you put me in a 2-year term, but it is not really a change on my point of view since I am put into a plan that I do not sign up for) and willing to pay a different of the cost of the equipment, the different of $199.99 and $174.99 a simple math yield is clearly not $50.  However, what is more important is that I DID NOT sign up for a two-contract, but a one-year contract which is clearly stated on the invoice.  I also called amazon customer service and she suggested that I should take the invoice to a verizon store and correct this mistake, but amazon could not make any change to my contact.  I honestly have to admit that I am very hesitant to go to your store because I have a feeling that your answer to my problem will be the same I received from your phone customer service which is that I have to pay the miscalculated $50 difference to get a one-year contract.  However, regardless of the price different, I feel that I have been taken advantage of in the matter.  I have to either have to agree to the two-year term that I did not sign up for or pay a extra $50 which will make the price of the equipment $224.99 which is not $174.99 as it was stated when I made the decision to buy the equipment.I decide to write verizon two letters, and there is no repond for any of them.  I suspect this is a scheme to take advantage of the customers.  Neither amazon nor verizon is going to take responsibility for their mistake, you can either pay extra $50 or sitck with the two year plan.Next time, I suggest you buy from one retailer so that when there is a problem, at least it has to take some responsibility, not just throwning it between the two companies and a customer stick in the middle with the worst possible deal.In addition, if there is a rebate from verizon, verizon may not honor it as well.  They will claim that your UPC code is invalid.  So either amazon gave you an incorrect UPC code or verizon does not recognize the promotion,  Either way, again there is nothing you can do.You will think you save $100 but in reality, but you may end up pay almost $250 like me.  Do not fall into this scheme.The deal advertised here maynot be honor by verizon so be very careful.

I spent a lot of time shopping around before I finally decided on this phone. It was really important to me to find a phone with a beautiful, large screen. Simply put, this phone has the most beautiful screen that I have ever seen.  I have no complaints about the functionality of the phone, or the design, or any of that. It's a darn good phone!But....I have had the phone for almost two years now and I have had more problems with dropped calls and losing service than any of my friends with Verizon. I have to go outside in the 100 degree weather at my own house and stand on my pool deck in order to get service and keep a call going for more than a minute.  You might be thinking...this is a problem with the Verizon service and not the cell phone!  Au contraire! My old Samsung (that was under the same exact service provider as my new phone) got perfect service almost everywhere I went, including my house.  The quality of calls is unfortunately just not as good with this phone!

Words can not describe how wonderful this cell phone is. I have gone through so many cell phones through out the many years with three different services, Cingular, Nextel, and now Verizon and I have to say my Verizon LG VX 7000 is just wonderful. According to the Consumer Report, it is voted as the number one cell phone for Verizon. I couldn't agree more, I have owned this phone for almost a year and it has continued to amaze me. Never once have I had anything go wrong with it. The battery life is absolutely outstanding; the clarity of calls is phenomenal, and the built in camera/video recorder is the best thing ever to be built into this small electronic device. I can't tell you the enjoyment I got out of hours I spent shooting my own home videos just through the convenience of this cell phone. It takes up to fifteen seconds of video with great sound and clarity; you too will soon find yourself doing the same thing if boredom strikes you through those awful boring family parties. In addition to the camera/video recorder just entertaining you, the Boston Globe states, "No longer [is a camera phone] simply a novel toy, camera phones have become the latest tool to broaden coverage of breaking news." That gives you something to think about if you're debating on whether or not a camera phone is useful.  Lastly, another feature I adore is the alarm built into the phone. With the rainbow effect lighting it produces and the loudness of the alarm it is a definite doubt that nobody will sleep through this alarm.In addition to all the "extras" within the phone the durability is great I have dropped my phone on numerous occasions as we all have and with other cell phones such as, my old Nextel i90 Roxy edition, I began to experience difficulty hearing the other person talking on the line, the screen going blank and so on... With this phone however, you continue to have no problems after serious falls to the cement.However, there are some cons about owning this phone, if you once owned a cell phone with speaker phone capability you will find yourself crying over the fact that you don't have one now. In addition, according to the New York Times, "the phone's weak e-mail capabilities and lack of Bluetooth or IR support will frustrate business users."All in all, I think this phone is definitely worth your money if you are choosing to switch to Verizon or upgrading to a newer phone.

Ok, so I used to have a Motorola T720 (one of the worst phones made), and a Motorola Timeport 8767 (One of the best phones ever made).  I needed a new phone and ventured into the local Verizon Wireless store.  I happen upon the LG VX7000 and think...this thing is huge!  I don't need a camera in my phone...but then I pick it up and play around with it.  It's pretty comfortable to hold.  The screen is nice, bright and clear.  I wind up purchasing one from VZW online and when the phone arrives, I put it to the test.This phone so far for me has been terrific! The phone itself is a tad larger than my last T720 but not by much...the main LCD is a nice bright TFT screen.  Included are some wallpapers, 3 "real" pics(A Sunset scene, an island scene, and a group of people scene), a Verizon Logo wallpaper and a few "doodle type" cartoony pics.  You can change the settings for the display easily, as the UI for this LG is much better than my old Moto.  The front LCD is nice enough...you can also set a wallpaper here or use a pic taken from the camera to use as a picture ID when that person calls.Ringtones...kinda forgettable (I am beginning to think cell phone providers tell phone makers to make some pretty useless ringers so you download decent ones).  You can however, record your own which sound surprisingly good with the internal mic, as well as download them from Verizon's Get It Now Brew service.  You can also, use MP3's as ringtones through a little trick.  One think I like...this phone is loud!!  I can hear it ringing in a crowded shopping mall even.  The vibrate feature works well enough and can be activated quickly (though this requires you to flip open the phone).The camera is located where the "hinge" of the flip would be and rotates so you can snap a pic of yourself without contorting your face and arms to face the lens.  You can also change some pic settings like black and white and sepia tones, etc.  The camera is quite decent for a VGA cell phone camera.  There is a flash though this is rather useless except for close up pics.  The camera also lets you take 15 sec video clips which you can save and email to your friends.  While I figured I'd never use this feature, I have twice already.  The advantages of having the camera/video in something you always carry is quite nice...it's fine for candid moments and though your friends might know you have a camera phone, they won't probably guess you're video recording them. :DThe call quality is nice,loud, and clear...much better than my old cell phone. Battery life for me has been approx. 5 days with light usage and charges in a little over 2 hrs.  Mind you, the old "blue versions" of this phone had a charging plug near the data port...the new "black face" ones charge straight through the data port.The holster that came with mine (the black vx7000) was great...solid and not cheapy like some phones are.  Notice that the face of the phone flashes colored led's near the "flash" when you receieve a call or are making one...some like it some don't.I like the phone and it's size is deceptive. Tonight I showed it to a friend and she said, "that thing is huge!"..then we compared it to her Panasonic camera phone and she noticed...hers was bigger lol.  This is one of Verizon's best cell phones right now...highly recommended.

Verizon reception is great & keeps getting better. However--with the the LG VX7000 phone I get lousy reception (static, intermittent conversation breaks, dropped calls due to weak connection, etc.) whereas my sturdy Motorola cell phone gets stronger signals in the same areas.The photo feature is fun, however my digital camera does a much better job (LG photos are pretty grainy). A real plus for this phone is the light weight and its fairly long charged time.I guess if the fun factor (it does have a larger screen than some), weight, & charged time are important to you, this may be a good phone to consider. And I also would encourage you to check out the Motorola 700 series before you commit yourself to the LG. Many of the same "pro's" would apply, plus you get the better reception.

This is the fifth cell phone I owned, and I have been VERY happy with LG phones.  The best aspect I believe is the screen, very clear and crisp, excellent quality pictures compared to Motorola phones.  Verison is an excellent service, I paid 50 bucks for this phone with their discounts and etc, it's a steal!  Their reception is excellent here in the city, I very seldom go through any problems.  I traveled with it in many places in the country and service has been the same.I stored all my friends and family numbers WITH their pictures and still have room, I have between 30-40 pictures on there... I love the swivel camera, you can snap pictures  of yourself while SEEING what you are snapping.  The resolution is ~650 pix maximum I think.  Screen is large, buttons are nice and big, very durable,  but buy the leather sleeve with it.  It comes with a large outer screen that shows you who is calling in color, I love to see the little picture on that screen.  The phone is customizable enough, what more do you need?  Are you the kind of person who sits and customizes every little aspect of your phone for hours at a time? I'm not, I can care less what color flashed when.  That just seems trivial to me.  The phone has good functionality.  I use very often, I have had very little problems with battery drainage.  If yer gonna sit and play games on it for hours, then make sure its plugged in! Its not a game-boy.The phone is a little big for people who like them tiny, if small is what yer looking for, don't get this phone, it didn't really matter in my case because I use it as my home and work, not just a simple personal phone, and I tend to love large cell phones.This is my second LG phone, the last one I used STILL works beautifully after going through hell and back, I have three Motorola phones, all broken and all in a box somewhere... "Hello moto"

This phone is really not a phone for gizmo lovers. It doesnot have an infrared port let alone bluetooth. It does not come with any games either. The front LCD is a color one which is good but it doesnot stay on. I hate this because I usually dont wear a watch and look at my phone to know the time. I have to press a button on the side of the phone for it to turn on.But I am not disappointed. I really like the large buttons. Earlier I really didnot care for the size of buttons but after using this for a day I really am beginning to realise the ease of use when one has a phone with large buttons.It recieves decent reception in all parts of my house. Because with my previous provider, at times, I wouldn't get reception in my living room. But the first call I made from this phone the person on the other end could not hear a thing. But when I called back again, without moving, she could hear everything clearly. So the jury is still out on the reception in my house. However, the earphone is loud and I could hear everything clearly on both occassions.All the menus are pretty much straightforward and anything extra you need for the phone has to be downloaded. The ringtones which come with the phone leaves a lot to be desired. But there are a couple of decent ones which do not embarass you. I think there is a way you can get mp3 ringtones to your phone without paying verizon. You have to email the "mp3" ring tone to your phone but you will have to rename the file as a "mid" file beofre you send it. After you have recieved it on your phone you can rename it to an "mp3" file and use it as a ringtone. But I guess to get email access you will have to pay verizon for the interent charges. I am not sure on this though.It has a camera on it which can swivel. That is the only cool thing about this phone. The camera can also be used to take 15 secs of video with voice. I really like that. Dont expect too much from the camera but it is the only fun thng to do when you are bored.It took me a while to get this phone activated I had to take it to a store but I realised it was my fault. It took me all but 30 mins to port my old number to this phone which is the best part. Last time it took me 24 days.

I have had this phone for about 6 months and im very pleased with the performance, so far. The camera is good, could be better in dark places. Very easy navigation. charges fast and battery lasts a long time. Has MSN IM, you can text msg mp3, Browse internet, record video only for 15 seconds. The speaker is kinda crummy, and distorts at high volumes. and there is no speaker phone (my biggest complaint). i still give it a 5 star rating!

I took a step backwards from a nice T-mobile GSM phone with bluetooth, included headset, and free data cable and transfer software to my new Verizon LG VX7000. I loved my old GSM phone for everything but making calls, the coverage, even in San Francisco was sub par. My new Verizon LG VX7000 does one thing really well and that is make and receive calls everywhere I go. It's a nice simple phone overall, slightly largish but with a big bright screen, large keypad that's easy to use, a reasonable camera (not of much interest to me), and overall it's proven easy to use. I knew before I bought this phone that it came without a data cable, had no bluetooth, and no speakerphone so I can't complain other than to say I wish when they had designed this phone they'd included a speakerphone and bluetooth but you can't have it all. With the amazon rebate this phone will be free but be aware that you have to own the phone for a half a year before you'll see that rebate check. If you're a new verizon customer I was also surprised when they told me their standard policy on all acounts is that you prepay for the upcoming month so my first bill will include the half month of service I just used as well as the base charge for the next month that I haven't used yet... that's kind of lame. The main attractor for me with this phone is that it only requires a one year agreement. I was interested in Sprint phones but to get all the rebates it required a 2 year agreement and I just don't want to commit to one phone for more than a year. Overall, I'm happy with this phone and if I had to do it over again I would still buy it. It's free after rebates, it's decent overall phone, but most importantly I get great reception everywhere I go in the san francisco bay area.

i don't understand.  All of the reviews on the front page say there is no speakerphone on this phone, yet in the product description, it says:"A built-in speakerphone makes it easy to talk without having the phone to your ear "?????????????????(i had to give a rating, so i gave it 5 stars even though i don't own the phone yet.  i couldn't post without giving a rating)

Although the LG VX7000 is my first personal phone I could say it is one of the best I have ever used. I have had experience with pretty much all the verizon LG phones and this is pretty much the best in the 0-150$ price range. One of its best features is its crisp display. The display is signaficantly better than the LG 6100 which is primarily a camera phone. This phones has the basic verizon set up, contacts,get it now, etc. Its too bad its voice dial feature is pretty bad.The phone cannot tell the difference between Ned and Ted and only has voice contacts not settings, driving mode, etc. If you really want that then get the LG VX6100. In conclusion a great all around phone.

I've had this phone for over a month now and it's served me well. I switched from Nextel cause I get a discount with Verizon, but I do miss Nextel's service and features. With the VX7000, it comes with a neat swivel camera so that you can take pictures either with the screen facing you or away from you. The thing about taking it with the screen facing you and the camera facing you is that it is a mirror image. But if you take a picture with the camera lens facing out, then it will be normal. The calls on this phone are loud and clear. This phone isn't feature packed, and if you want games, you'll have to buy them or get a cable and upload them. Verizon service leaves a lot to be desired, but in terms of getting a signal and making calls, this phone is excellent. I'm giving this phone 4 stars because if you're making calls and taking pictures, it's great. But if you want to surf the web, play games, you can, but you'll have to pay for that and it uses your minutes if it's peak hours.

This Cell Phone is great. The pictures and videos you can take with this cell phone are very good quality. Except that the videos can not exceed more than 15 seconds. The screen on it is very large compared to others. My cousin has the same phone and he has dropped it many many times and it still works good. The battery lasts very long if you talk and play games or not. Mine will last up to 6 days then I have to charge it. There is a large variety of games you can purchase from the LG VX7000. When you want to pick your own ring tone you can either chose one that has been programmed in to it, buy one at a good price, or record your own. For mine personally I recorded the original theme song from the computer game Doom. The only things I don't like about this cell phone is this: on the video you can only record 15 sec and that this cell phone does not have speaker phone. Otherwise this is a great cell phone. I give it 5 stars.

I regret buying this phone, it's really big, and verizon service isn't that great with this phone.  For some reason other verizon phones have like 3 bars when mine has 1, or will have 1 bar when i'm getting no service.  That said, the phone does have a beautiful inner LCD, the outer LCD is pretty bad.  You can play with the settings. It has loads of features like alarms and calanders and everything else you could think of.  The camera is terrible, which is pretty much true with all cell phones though, so that's a non unique gripe. The phone is also moderately fruity, like when you make or recieve calls, the outer LED will start blinking purple, blue, pink etc and it makes you look like a teenage girl, and the menus are all kind of childish.  That said, when the phone does have some bars, calls never drop and it's pretty easy to set up the phone.  I'm not sure what other options there are out there for verizon cell phones, i recently switched from tmobile, but im sure you can do better than this phone, good luck.

I used to have a Samsung SGH-X426 phone with AT&T; wireless and I really liked the phone because it was small, lightweight and looked pretty good.  But I had horrible cell phone coverage with AT&T; that continued even after the merger with Cingular.  The bad coverage consisted of dropped calls, occasional garbled conversations and no/low service in some areas of California.  Everyone that I talked to that had Verizon wireless really liked them as a provider so I decided to go with them and buy a LG VX7000BK from Amazon.I'll go with the features that stand out to make me critique the phone (good and bad):1.  Great reception/coverage:This phone excels at what I primarily need it to do: making clear phone calls.  I have had it for almost a month and I have not had a single dropped call or garbled section of a conversation.  My old phone/service would have dropped an average of 10 calls plus countless "garbles" during this same time and in exactly the same locations.2.  The phone is a little on the bulky side:It's definitely bigger and heavier than my tiny Samsung but I carry it in it's holster (comes with it) on my belt so it's not an issue.  I also found out that you're not supposed to carry your phone in your pocket because of the antenna being too close your skin and emitting radiation (I read it in the fine print found in the manual) so it worked out for the best using the holster.  The larger size is actually a benefit when it comes to dialing and interacting with the phone menus because the keys are much larger than the old phone.3.  The outside and huge inside display screens:The front display screen is nice showing picture id or the caller id so you don't have to flip open the phone to know who is calling you.  I use distinct ringtones to identify some of my callers but the front screen is an added bonus.  The inside screen is really large and high quality which is great for my photos that I use for backgrounds.  The large inside display is also great for navigating through the menus, reading text messages and playing video games.4.  Voice dialing:Using this feature, I don't even need my speed dial buttons and it's easy to program the voice dial function.  When you're done setting it up, hit the button, say the name and it will make the call for you.  One step nicer than trying to remember whether Joe was on speed dial number 7 or speed dial number 8.5.  USB Data Cable (not included) is great to transfer ringtones/wallpaper/phonebook info:I bought mine off ebay for $15 and it was worth it.  I use the free software program BitPim to transfer wallpapers/pictures/ringtones and phonenumbers between my phone and the computer.  It's great for entering a lot of phone numbers at once on the computer (easier than doing it on the phone) and then transferring them to phone.  Also great to back up your phone numbers in case you lose your phone.6.  No apparent missed call indicator once the outside display turns off:This is my only true disappointment.  A missed call will show on the outside screen but then the screen will shut off some time later to save power.  To check for a missed call when it's off, you have to hit a key to fire the screen back up.  It would have been nice if they would have programmed the flash indicator to flash when you have a missed call (I had that on my Samsung).7.  Camera/video option is ok:The pictures are decent for a camera phone.  That's not why I bought the phone and I really don't use it but I'm not complaining about an extra feature.8.  Decent game selection to download:The GetItNow service from Verizon is great for downloading games.  They're not cheap (around $6 for unlimited use of a game) but I've got Dig Dug, Downtown Texas Hold'Em and Impossible Mission and they're great when you have some down time.9.  Some accessories needed to be bundled with it as standard:I recommend getting the following accessories for this phone: a good quality handsfree headset/earphone, a car charger and the USB Datacable.  I wish they at least including a handsfree earphone but you can't win them all.Conclusion:All in all a great phone.  I don't think it can be beat given its the performance, features and price.  I gave it a perfect rating even though it has a few minor flaws because I've yet to find a single phone without at least a few flaws.  I'm very satisfied with this phone and the service.

Verizon Wireless Review:I love this phone. I had been given a cell phone which use to belong to my father. It was from Verizon and at first I didn't want Verizon.I wanted metro-pcs with its unlimited everything. This was when I was naive. Metro pcs may be unlimited in minutes and texts but it is limited in service, with reported VERY bad service in some places. Now this is not official information or anything but just stuff I heard from my friends.Than I moved to wanting t-mobile when the sidekick came out. I didn't want Tmobile for anything other than the fact it had the sidekick 2 with it. I don't know much service-wise but I think Tmobile is all around good most likely.Cingular was next, which is what 8/10 of all my friends have. Meaning: mobile to mobile minutes. I was having a really hard time deciding from Cingular or to Verizon.In the end I chose Verizon. Verizon has the BEST service around. Anywhere. Best service. No one can beat it. And I don't make thousands of calls a day but the calls I do make, I want to connect, not have to spend twenty minutes finding reception.LG VX7000 Review:Now on to the phone...After I decided I wanted verizon I went on a phone looking adventure. I went through all the manufacturers etc. I knew I didn't want Motorola. Nothing is wrong with Motorola other than their SMALL screen size. I had an LG V10 as my first phone, the one that started all the drama about services and such. So I looked into LG. I fell in love with the LG VX8000! It was awesome; it was great. It had everything I wanted. Except when I saw it in person, it had one drawback... it was about as big as my fist, as a big as a TV remote it's HUGE!! I knew I wouldn't be able to bear with it so I chose the LG VX7000, which is still large compared to some other phones like the RAZR n stuff but I liked it. It's a very attractive flip phone; I would say it's medium-large not too big. It's half the size the palm of my hand and my hands aren't that big, me being only 5'6.Pros:Very attractive phoneGood reception (verizon wireless only)Big sized screen, very good picturesVery good camera, adjustableVery easy menu viewing, not confusingCons:Bigger than most other flip phonesOnly a few display themes (color themes for the phone menus)Not too much else wrong with this phone...I give it 5 out of 5 stars

My LG is one of the best phones I have ever owned. From its picture quality to its video making capability, I have entertained myself hours on end taking 'mug shots' and candids of my friends and family. Its fun, easy to program and use and very durable. I have dropped it and manhandled it and it still performs like the day I bought it. I love the menu and the phone overall is very easy to maneuver and figure out.This is a great phone, Im going to miss it immensely. Unfortunately I cant say the same for Verizon as a service. For the amount of $$ that I paid, I was very disappointed by all the add-ons you have to pay for in addition to the high monthly costs of service.Nevertheless this phone is a WINNER, you wont be sorry.

i got this phone after switching to verizon from t-moble and needed to find a replacement phone. the final choices were between this phone and the samsung a670. i got the lg vx7000 for its supposed great reception. this is wrong, the phone does not great that great reception and often drops calls even if it is showing one bar, and if you are looking for custimizing the phone, this is not for you.cons:*can not change the menu color, it is red all the time*there is no way to silence the phone or put it on vibrate without opening the phone*has led lights that flash when ringing, but unable to choose what color for what or to turn them off*can rotate camera but cant rotate so the lense is coverd while its closed to protect it*in the settings it says you can change the banner on the outside lcd but it just always says "verizon wireless"*with wallpaper there is no "strech to screen" option so to get it to fit right you have to guess at the amount of pixels or you get white stripes on the side of the wallpaper*no speaker phone*unable to custimize the lay out of the keypad or the top left and right buttons.*unable to change menu layout and menu order*when the alarm, silence, vibrate, voice message etc is on a blue uncustimizable bar comes up at the bottom of the screen instead of at the top*no games at all*menus are not transparents*durring a call the clock is not displayed*unable to make a perference to use "acb, t9 word etc" as default*comes with a lot of ring tones but no normal regular old fashion ones*unable to change the brightness of the main screen*phone tends to get warm if you talk on it for a while*the little rubber thing to protect the plug in socket isnt attached to the phone so it could be easy to lose*the camera is really darkpros:*the alarm clock is nice, and the phone says when it is on*calander is also nice*the internal screen is very bright and very clear*has picture caller id which is very handy*takes good pictures if there is a lot of light*nice big clear text*keys are nicely backlit and dont feel to small*rotating camera makes it easy for self picturesso it all depends about what your looking for in a camera. but if you are looking for a phone that you can custimize then this is not the phone for you.

I recently renewed my Verizon Contract. I really liked the way this LG 7000 looked...so I bought it. The phone has great features, it's pretty, the camera is decent..but to my ears the sound in the earpiece is beyond terrible! If you speak with other cell users often you have to keep saying what? Cause there is NO treble at all in the earpiece. It's as if you had a stereo and the tweeters were blown. I began to hate the SOUND so much..I finally reactivated my old BORING Startac..and it has just replaced this LG. The Startac sounds like a high end stereo vs an AM radio in this LG.Notice most of the reviews here talk about the ringtones, camera, lights etc. etc...but how about SOUND? If you like a pretty phone with a ton of features this phone is great. If you value SOUND quality and HEARING the other party...run for the hills before buying this phone. The LG is loud though..almost too loud even on the ear piece's lowest setting.

I did lots of research on phones and finally ended up buying this one and I love this phone.It would be nice if it had a speakerphone, but no other phone had all the features that this one had with a speaker phone for a comparable price.I would say that if you can live without a speakerphone then you should definitely get this phone.

The features in this phone are very user-friendly when compared to the horrible Sony Ericcson that I had before.  The only is issue making 3-way calling:  Its really difficult to execute this feature.  Other than that, obviously, nobody can complain about Verizon service when compared to the rest.  So, overall, a good deal, if not the best !

i like camera phones, but i can't believe this phone don't have usb cable to upload pics..i have to pay $.25 for sending each pics..Viewing all camera phones, this one is pretty nice..It's got flash, and it's got 4 different types of resolutions..It zooms in more than i expected..Other than camera, for contact list, it gives you to save #s, pic, ringtones for a person..I think thats good..i guess that's all i'm gonna say..Overall, phone is decent.For other viewers, if you wanna buy this, you should buy it now, and don't wait cause more updated phones will come out soon

I've had this phone for a little over a month now and I love it.  I switched from a Motorola V300 and I'm glad I did.  Service through Verizon is great (I no longer miss calls like I did with TMobile) and I can hear just fine.I also just ordered from LG's parts line the software and cable to synch Outlook with my phone.  Now my contacts, calendar, ringtones and wallpaper can all be transferred back and forth.  I like having my calender available - I don't always carry my PDA, but I always have my phone.The battery life is great - I can get hours of talk time out of it and it will go the whole week (without calls - or a bunch of short ones) without needing to be charged.The camera is OK (I bought a digital camera to take pictures with - this was just icing on the cake) and it takes videos which is a neat party pleaser or at least something to take the humdrum out of the work day. :)

This phone is the most fabulously designed phone I think Verizon Wireless has to offer.  I previously owned a Motorola V265 and it was an atrocity! (Never buy That Phone no matter what anybody says!) The trade I made for this one was so care free! Fabulous! Buy it The flashing lights on the front and the talking service tone is fabulous! Fabulous! This phone is simply Fabulous! it should be illegal it is so fabulous! Fabulous!!!!!!!  Thanks!  ~Ellen~

It's a great phone. Though a little bigger, I don't care about that at all because I put it in my purse anyway. But the big keys and screen are very convenient. All functions are great.

This is the best phone, by far, I've ever owned. Amazing display, great connection, and very fast access to things I download on the phone.Speaking of which, I downloaded this thing called Genesis Voice Email from Get It Now (I think this is only on Verizon phones... may be not)... It lets you reply to your email by Voice... Now, my LG 7000 is the only thing I carry around! Goodbye Blackberry, your crappy service, and your expensive upgrades.  The games are fast too... Anyways, Voice Email, Games, nice screen, it's a no brainer... LG 7000 is the shiznit.Go LG! What a great innovative company. Best cell phones in the market.

This phone is almost perfect. Just add speakerphone and Bluetooth. Then I wouldn't need cords, or to buy a pda.

I got this phone a few month ago, so i had some time to play around with it. the dual color screens is cool. the speaker is loud enough to hear, some other phones are too quiet. the camera is good, but only during the day. night shots, even if you think you have enough light sucks. the built in flash is a joke. one thing i didnt like is looking at text messages. you cant cycle through the messages while they are open. you have to close the one you are in, then open the next.my suggestion, buy a vx6000 usb cable to connect to your PC to upload background pictures and your own ringtones. there are group and forums to teach you how. never buy a ringtone ever again! overall a very good phone.pros- good speaker for ringtones- good camera during the day- nice features- nice quality screens- free ringtones, with the right stuffcons- camera sucks during night- cant cycle through messages- flash is a joke
