
I agree with the other reviewer that this phone stores the same contacts multiple times. i.e. same name with cell, home, work and email address would be stored as 4 different entries. So now if you have 100 contacts stored on your phone with four different numbers(cell,home,work,email etc), there will be 400 entries stored in your phone. and if you have to browse through then there are 400 entires to go through. Very very annoying feature.Did Motorola ever tested this phone before releasing. I guess not. What a waste of money. I am giving it 2 stars only because I am able to make phone calls with it!

And I can sync my phone just fine. Over USB anyway. iSync recognizes the phone and syncs it perfectly.I love this phone with a very few exceptions.1. It didn't have AIM installed by default, I still don't have it because you need to use a PC proram to modify the phone to enable AIM and I use a Mac.2. There are no BT profiles on the unit I purchased.3. Since the phone hasn't been released in the US yet, Motorola won't give US owners support on the phone.Other than that I'm happy with it. I'd suggest that you buy one from a place where you can try out the phone first to make sure nothing you want is missing before you get it.

This is the first unlocked phone that I've bought from Amazon. The phone looks amazing and the motorola logo lights up blue (which more people mention than all of the other features combinded). The camera is upgraded, but its not too much of a difference than the normal ones. The phone is pretty different than what I expected to get. First of all, the amazon phone does NOT ship with iTunes, but comes with the DAP (which I don't consider a problem because the iTunes one has a song limit and this one doesn't). The only things I am dissapointed with is that this one (unlike Cingular's one from the store) does not ship with a MicroSD, but you can buy a 1gb on amazon for maybe $30. It's definitely not for America because it shipped with multiple language manuals and an adaptor for the charger. Stil a pretty good buy because its unlocked and it costs less than the cingular v3i with no contract (it still costs less even if you signed up for a 1yr contract).

Motorola RAZR V3i worked good when new. Music that was installed did not play continously. To play music I had to play one by one manually. Charge to battery did not last very long and had to be charged daily as battery life was short. Ring tones were loud and audible. The one I purchased worked for a good year. Wished it could last longer.

I have to give Motorola credit for the entire RAZR lineup, because it is definitely the coolest phone I've ever seen.  It created the market and improved it on each iteration.  So, design is five star, without question.  The phone itself makes calls, and the speakerphone is loud, as it should be.  I love the exterior LCD screen.And that's about it for likes.The dislikes are numerous for me, because I own a Nokia 3650, which at the time was the best phone you could get (2003).  Now it's outdated, but here's some interesting points:-my phone takes pictures of equal quality-sound playback is equal to my phone-I have unrestricted Java applet usage, including a MUCH larger library of available programs-my sync manager does much more than Motorola's, including much better integration with Outlook-my UI doesn't suckI've had my cell phone for five years, which is an ETERNITY for cell phones, but it's still not out-featured by this phone.  I tried to get an eBook reader for a RAZR and all I could find were sites that basically make you compile a JAR file and unlock your phone to transfer it... where it may or may not run.Contrast with my Nokia 3650: I downloaded a free eBook reader (Mobipocket) using Nokia's software (which can be downloaded for free from Nokia) and I was in business.  Vendor lock-in for cell phones is a big problem for me, and maybe it is for you, too.This is a stylish phone that epitomizes form over function.-C

It's good for what I paid. Always wanted this sleek phone! It's worth the money I spent. I recommend this product.

Great phone but cover of phone fell off as it came in. Had to glue it back on. And then it wouldnt work in my area after i was told it would.

If you choose English as your language, then the system does NOT allow you to customize voice settings for each name on your phonebook. The built in voice recognition system attempts pathetically to mismatch with any available name. In the previous RAZR, we COULD go to individual phone numbers assign a voice to that number.Motorola has really smart hardware engineers and but some really dumb ones who believe that all world's english speakers have certain type of enunciation, modulation and speed.

This phone is very cheaply made and it definitely shows. Horrible quality. I can't think of one positive thing to say about it. I returned it shortly after I bought it because it definitely was not worth the money I paid for it. A reasonable price for this piece of garbage is maybe $5. Tops.

I always wanted to have this model phone.  When I saw it on Amazon, I got all excited and decided to purchase it.  I knew that Motorola Razr V3i was more expensive than the price that I paid for it.  That made me skeptical about the phones' quality and if it was genuine.  After incredibly fast delivery, I was able to use it and realized how happy I was with this purchase.  I was so happy that I purchased another one for my mother.  This is a great buy if you want a simple, reliable, beautiful phone.My second review on this product. I've purchased this phone last year and after a couple of month of using it I realized that it was not all that.  Actually, this phone was not very durable, even though it has an outer shell made of aluminum. This phone and other one (I bought two)just stopped working after 2-3 months, no falls or submerging in water, just stopped.  Maybe these two were lemons, but I don't think so. This phone does not have warranty, so it is up to you to take the risk.  I do not recommend this product. For me, it was just waste of money.

I really wanted this phone and still love the design and features.  However, I happened to get a phone with some of the problems other reviewers had noted.  The phone cuts off a lot with a "white face" display and "no service" indicator.  Is embarrassing at times because I drop callers.  Also, the gunmetal finish is beginning to strip in small dots at places and has gotten 1 or so scratches.  I keep my phone in a padded case and am pretty gentle with it.  Also, the charger that came with it was for Europe with an adaptor which seems to have a short.  So I had to buy an adaptor for U.S.So, the above raises the issue of whether the value promised in view of the price charged by the manufacturer is given.

I had to buy another phone to replace this one.  The voice always jumbled together and a lot of time I did not understand what the person on the other end said and vice versa.  Two people did ask me whether we talked on the same subject.  I think I wasted my money on this phone.

I love RazrS.  I owed a v3t which was amazing.  I cannot find one like it.  I thought that by buying this v3i with expandable memory, I'd be able to store m 80+ txts.  But apparently the text mssg are saved on the sim card, not the memory card.  Also, this unlocked version will NOT allow you to receive or SEND picture messages.Stay away from this phone.

It works in US, but the charger comes as European charger; with a US adapter.  It's strange that Amazon is selling this phone only to the USA when it's a non USA phone...The most important feature it is missing for me is the Autoupdate Date/Time from the network or service provider.  According to Motorola it because it's not a US phone.  It's frustrating if you travel and the clock does not update.

I am not very satisfied from this purchase.It did not have the features that were indicated in the description.Fred

Hi All,I am  very very sorry for that negative feedback. unfortunately  i sent another seller to negative feedback.I will remove negative back.thanks for your support.once again i am very sorry.Please understand my mistake it's feedback not for you. it's for another seller.

The product was good and the product was shipped on time too.

Just got this phone and used it for 1 day.  The battery, fully charged overnight, lasted about 8 hours, with about 1.5 hours of talk time.The phone is set up for some asian country.  It was a nightmare to program for web access and multimedia messaging.  The voice interface is horrendous!  The accent of the voice is very thick, and it is very difficult to get it to recogize names in the phonebook.Additionally, the call quality is poor.  It constantly sounded like it was on the fringes of a reception area even when showing 5 bars of signal strength.  I am an amateur radio operator, and am thoroughly familiar with the vagaries of radio operation, and this problem was definitely with the phone.I have had a RAZR V3 for some time now, and the interface is similar enough to be able to figure out, but the phone is going back to Amazon.

Razr V3i is a good phone with easy to use features. The included pair of headphones work great with music and micro-SD slot gives additional storage. I am using a 2 gb micro-SD card and it works great. However, there are issues with the battery charging. When tried to charge directly with included charger, the battery never reached fully charged status even after 24 hrs of continuous charging. I have replaced the battery but the problem remains the same. I took out the battery from phone and tried charging with a desktop charger and this time it worked. Now I am using two batteries - one in phone and one on desktop charging cradle. Big pain, but this is only way to make use of money I have spent on this phone.

Nice color dark grey purple. The unit is not a US model. It has an adapter to plug it in. It won't send pictures or text with T mobile as it is not one of their phones. It does work for the sim card...

I am using the cellphone in Argentina, and I cannot send or recieve messages or see the number of an incoming call. It may be because I'm using it here. The rest works perfectly.

I just cannot understand why a very fine firm like MOTOROLA would put a piece of trash like this on the market.The back cover won't lock. The instructions are a skimpy joke. Hard to place battery,worse for the phone card.Flimsy rough and disturbing  to the touch.BAHH ... hope they give me my money back !NEVER BUT A MOTOROLA AGAIN!

My post is mainly for the bad review given by Giovanni.I got my Razr v3i for my wife, and got it from ebay.Mine is not defintely for American, but in any case, I do not have any problem with1. isync, so no need to editBut I agree with "denomalizing", this is same as other moto phone.2. No hard reset so far3. itunes works with NO problem.  itunes' m4p also works.In fact, the only reason I bought this is itunes, but I have to add : sound quality is mediocre. (It doesn't matter with my wife, since she doesn't have keen ear).In ebay, there are some items - instructions to add itunes to this phone - at 10-30 dollars. I didn't try it yet and I didn't hear the success story. But it seems to me that it is possible to add, even if it only has moto's mp3 player.So, basically, I do not have any (significant) problem and I did not pay $349. My complaint would be no regular headphone jack and no bluetooth ad2p profile.  I got the phone (ebay), 1gig transflash sd (amazon) and stereo headphone (from ebay) and three year warranty from ebay and in total, I paid $300. I don't think it is much cheaper than ipod nano + cheap phone, but it is very nice to have two in one piece.

I have the V3i and it is a pretty cool piece of equipment, but I still have not figure out how to use the itunes and other features from the phone.

I got this phone a couple days ago and I am very impressed it has some pros and cons. I never used a regular v3 so I can't really compare it to that. I don't understand what one of the reviews was talking about saying the phone book is hard all you have to do is start search then you can type in the first letter of the name you want to get to and it'll take you to the names in your phone book that start with that letter, but thats neither here nor there.Some things you want to consider before you order this unlocked non North American version of this phone. Not all V3i's come with itunes, only Australia, NZ, Indonesia, India, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Vietnam, Turkey, South Africa, Rest of Africa, North Africa, Israel, Thailand, and finally Middle East versions of the V3i come with itunes. Is the one amazon is selling from one of those markets I don't know, I got mine off ebay. But even if it doesn't come with itunes you can still listen to mp3s off of it within the motorola mp3 player software which I think is called Digital Audio Player or DAP for short.Alright the phone feels and looks great, and the camera quality is damn good considering the size of this phone and the fact that is indeed a PHONE with a CAMERA and not a CAMERA with a PHONE. Here is a link to a picture I took with the camera at work. [...] . This phone is semi customizable like being able to change your wallpaper and having your own mp3 ringtones, via a usb cable. Like I said my version came with cable, data software, itunes and stereo head phones I don't know what this version comes with. Next I'll list pros and cons.PROS:Small sizeLooks GreatGood reception and sound qualityCustomizable featuresMp3 player capabilitiesTakes fine photos and videoIn my opinion easy to use and straight forward navigationSpeaker phone is loud and clearCONS:iTunes seems to limit the number of songs you can have depending on what size transflash you have. For example with my 256 card it only lets me have 50 songs and on a 512 card it'll only let you have 100 songs.A delicate phone, I use extra caution handling this phoneFront screen resolution could be better, but gets the job doneIncluded java games suckIn closing I think this phone is well suited for me, by being slim, customizable and having mp3 playback. Even if it does cap me at 100 songs my walk to and from work is quite a short distance anyway this way I can just keep the ipod plugged in the car and just use my phone for music.

This is by far the best phone I ever owned.  The features on this phone are great.  The phone looks awesome too (better than the V3).Pros:iTunes music playerpretty loud speaker1.3MP cameragreat receptiongreat screenCons:can only download AAC format songstakes a long time (sometimes) to download musicOther then that this phone is awesome and I recommend it to anyone!

I just got my V3i at a bargain price as it is now an "old" model. I just use it solely as a phone (not intend to use the music player, dc, WAP, etc.) and find it to be a master piece. It is also a collectable. The battery life is excellent too as opposed to other comments.Get one fast while it is still available on the market.

i jusy bought the v3i and i liked alot the only poblem i had with this phone is that is a little fragil.Besides this it a very good and cool celular phone and i recomend this for to anyane who want to buy a phone.

Correcting previous rating.  Product was for ATT system and my system isVerizon.  I did not know what the terms LOCKET and UNLOCKED meant.So, phone will not work on my system.

As of 2/6/2006 - most Mac users are able to sync via USB or Bluetooth but not through both - it seems to depend on where the product was intended for (Euro or Asia) but it seems to be able to sync through one or the other.As for the address book problem (s), Motorola has also updated the software along the way but unlike computer OSes, it's not always readily apparent. I'm not exactly sure if the reviewer with the multiple address problem has tried this:"Just change the "sort by" option in the address book setup to "Name". Then add numbers to the names instead of making new entries."That sounds like it should resolve it.There is one other caveat. If you want the iTunes software in the phone, the US version right now does not come with it and neither does the Euro version but apparently the Asian/Middle East version do ... huh? Yea - who knows what's going on.Still a great phone - just too much work for everything :-)

I bought this phone for my wife. I had owned one when they first came out. I am disappointed that this phone does not work the same as the one I had. Also it looks cheap like it may be a knock off. My wife doesn't like it because it doesn't have the itune player like my old one did and reception is lousy.

Excellent phone overall with one limitation unless I am doing something wrong:When you start search, you can type in the first letter of the name you want to get to and it'll take you to the names in your phone book that start with that letter, but no second letter search to narrow the look up.eg. If I am looking for Moly, I will get all the M's and will have to scroll down from MA... all the way to MO...Is that a good thing or am I wrong ?

Ok. This phone is a big disappointment. The menus are horribly difficult to use and not user-friendly at all, even after a while. They simply are not logically organized. It may be nice and thin, which are the two main reasons for purchasing it but i find it confusing. Nokia has the best menus. i thought Ericson was bad but this really tops even them.

I brought it last year because I don't want to carry an mp3 player and a phone at the same time.  I was extremely disappointed that when I brought the phone that it does not include itunes and it turns out that there are 2 different versions of v3i- one with itunes installed and another with DAP (motorola's digital audio player.)  I ended upgrading the phone with a firmware which allows you to have both itunes, with 100 song limit and DAP, (just google dmatt).  I got lucky and it comes with a 256mb card, but I upgraded to a FAR 512mb microsd card.  By all means, this does not replace an ipod or anything like that but I am not picky about mp3 players.  The itunes that it comes with is simple at best, and it does not support some mp3 formats and I had to reencode them to make it work.Pro'sLooks the same as the razr v3Allows you to sync with your outlook contacts and calendarbluetooth supportCall quality is pretty goodMp3 with Itunes (not as good as ipod though)Cons:No EDGE supportSometimes you have to reboot the razr because it does not read the memory cardTransfer from pc to phone is slow.

I had a problem with my phone but the seller solved my problem. The phone is very nice, large and illuminated keys make it easy to manage the team, especially if you plan to give him the phone to your parents. I know they will be grateful.

The Razr it is a very good phone I have had some minor problems with assigning ring tone from my memory chip but for the price of the phone it works good and it has a very good reception. It is a pretty good little phone. I had and initial battery issue but they sent me a new one and it is very good on battery use!!!

had some manufacturing defects. sound quality poor. battery takes long to charge and doesn't hold a charge long. not pleased

I purchased this phone unlocked about two months ago.  I am not sure why it is not readily available in any US store.  There seems to be a lot of confusion out there about this phone.  The V3I is awesome.  Hands down the best cell phone device that I have EVER purchased.  The itunes capability is great, even though the song limit is 50, it works great as an ipod back up.  The sound is as good as you can expect and you can listen to your itunes songs over the speaker without having to use any headphones.  The best thing about this phone is the removable transflash card that can be used (up to 1gb) that can be used to store songs, use as a thumb drive, or whatever you would need a 1gb worth of space for. In addition, the one megapixel camera is a definite upgrade from the old V3.  Also, the video capability is awesome.  Unlike its predecessor's, the V3i will take as long of video as your memory will hold (three minutes, thirty minutes etc).  The looks and feel of this phone are amazing too.  The gunmetal look stands out among the sea of normal RAZR phones. Also, I love the front blue light, which you can program to flash differently for different things.  The only problem with the phone is the fact that you cannot purchase it at any United States phone dealers.  You either have to purchase it here or someplace like eBay. I purchased mine on eBay for about $250.  Go for this one, you wont be disappointed.

The reviews are generally correct.  However, this phone will not pair with a Mac.  "Some" (I cannot find which) V3is do not work via Bluetooth with Macs according to web postings.  I was able to sync via USB easily, and iTunes also worked flawlessly.  I depend on Bluetooth syncing, however, so was very disappointed.

maybe there's a work around if you mess with the programming of the phone... what a drag, why would they do this.  I regret this purchase I may yet return it.

the phone is sick.. i found it more like a device to get girls.. the phone looks sexier than any other models you like. only problem is my ear piece broke so i had to use  the speaker everytime i make a phone call. other than that its a cool phone. people give this phone horroble ratings because of one thing, like the first one who rated this phone on amazon. he said the voice recognition sucks. yes at first i had trouble with it but the trick is you have to speak the word correctly and how you would actually  say it. talk like the phone does.

WEll i just recived my motorola razor v3i and for some reason the sender found it nessicary not to send me half of the accessories i needed for my phone to work in the mannor it was ment for.  And to top it off they do not have a way for me to contact them for me to recive the rest of the things they neglected to send me.  So i do not recommend buying this product from this site.  If they railroaded me with their hijinx who knows who else they are tying to give the shaft to.

I received the phone with its charger as it should be. The thing is hat it was not a motorola one but a different one without a brand. In addition to this, I thing that something is wrong with the battery as I need to charge it twice a day even without using the phone. I still have a razr from 2008 that still works perfectly which makes me wonder what is wrong with this one.

I thought I would be getting a phone that was essentially the same as the one for sale in the Cingular store.  When I got this one I found that there was no iTunes player and in fact I could not find any Music player at all.  The speed dial buttons continued to say they were empty when pushed despite the fact that the entries in the address book clearly listed the speed dials as assigned.  Some of the network features did not work - I suspect someone with ability to hack the phone may get this to work.  Charger that came was Large and bulky European version with and adaptor.  Otherwise the phone was fine and funtional as far as I could tell.  Just be sure you understand that all the features may not be the same as a US version.

well, i'm in the military and was on a mission in the Phillippines.i heard the hype on Cnet 2006 and went out to get a V3i phone.as u will find out from readings,it says that the countries that have iTunes in it are Phillipines included.well, let me say...thats horse crap.mine doesnt come with Itunes and it says it clearly on the side of the box @ the bottom side"V3i generic Non-iTunes Hgm." meaning there isnt a iTunes in it but the other MP3 player software instead.you can also read elsewhere on the net about the ones that have iTunes...the message button is replaced with a iTunes icon instead.so, that verified my V3i.just be careful before u buy anywhere and ask to see the side of the box where it describes what kinda phone model it is.i'm trying to go back to the store before i leave this country and see if they can exchange it for the real deal"iTunes". further report later.

Everything good , nicw work , fast delivery , nice cel , everything i espected

Good quad band phone with digital music player. Need to buy additional memory card to stre though.

I have now bought three V3i RAZR's in 6 months time and will never buy another one. I let my dad try out my first one and he gave it back damaged. I thought he just handled it rough because the paint rubbed off of the mouth piece area and the screen has a small crack in it. I found out that this phone is just waaaay too flimsy for every day use. My second one was crushed by my daughter and my third one already has a cracked front screen. I have no idea how the third one got cracked, but I tried to protect it with a leather case. I liked the features and function of the phone, but ended up spending close to $600 and still don't have a presentable phone. I recently bought a Samsung Blast because I have had much better luck with Samung (I still have Samsung flip I bought 4 years ago and it still works great, just no bluetooth). If you want a phone sturdy enough for everyday use, look for another phone.

This is my life. Finally, my very spirit incorporated in a physical object.Death, where is thy sting?

Synopsis:  This phone is sexy, rugged and feature-packed, and highly recommended, if you can look past its few flaws.Detail:  I'm a veteran to the RAZR line, having purchased one of the first black models when they were first released.  I thought the phone was excellent then, but with a few minor revisions, Motorola has brought the RAZR back to the forefront of the rapidly-moving world of mobile phones.  However, there are a few notable exceptions to this glowing report.First, the pros of the V3i model.  The call quality is somewhat better than the original V3, which already had exceptional sound clarity and reception in my experience with it.  Staying with the quad-band format is one of the best decisions that Motorola could have made with this phone- for individuals like me who travel abroad frequently, having a phone that can be used Stateside and overseas is an absolute must.The Bluetooth interface is seamless, but I use a Motorola H3 headset- if you use a headset of a different brand, you could encounter some difficulties, although I've not heard of any.  The camera, now 1.2 megapixels, takes (quite frankly) amazing photos for a mobile phone.  My wife decided to keep the pictures I took of our newborn son, as opposed to the pictures that were shot with our digital camera.  The video capture feature is good too, although I don't usually find myself using this function too frequently.Having the ability to switch to an "Airplane Safe" mode is also a plus, as you can still use the games and MP3 player while on a long flight.  Obviously, however, you won't be able to send or receive calls or data while the phone's in this mode.  The switch between these two modes, however, takes less than half a second.The physical size of the phone is also a major plus.  It's still a comfortable size to fit in your hand, but it's thin enough to easily fit into the front pocket of a pair of jeans.  The fit and finish are top shelf, the iridescent silver outside (seems to change to a smoke and a purple in different lights) contrasts well with the sleek black of the interior of the clamshell.  The outside display is bright and clear, and the interior screen is also bright and easy to read.  The keypad I find to be very good, but some people don't go for the feel of the cut metal keys.  Personal taste, I guess...Motorola's operating system is, in my opinion, clear and intuitive.  I've never found a system to be easier- the only one that's been nearly as easy was Nokia's, to give a perspective.  Icons are easy to interpret, commands are simple to issue to the phone, and with the TransFlash card installed, there's only a theoretical limit to the number of photos or videos you can store and take with you in your pocket.As I mentioned, though, there are some chinks in the armor.  First, the iTunes format is clunky and slow to navigate through.  Your iPod defintely moves through the menus much more quickly than does this phone.  Also, regardless of the size of the TransFlash card you have installed, iTunes limits the number of songs you can store to 50.  I've heard that some later models have this limit removed (or at least increased), but my version caps the fun at 50 songs.  Also, while the external speaker sounds good, I forego using the Motorola stereo headphones due to their poor sound quality.  Obviously, when I'm at the gym or on a transatlantic flight, I rely on my iPod for musical entertainment.Another con is the lack of EDGE or 3G technology on this phone.  Cingular is currently offering a 3G RAZR with many of these features (having iTunes replaced with Motorola's proprietary DAP MP3 player and no song limit), but sadly that phone is a tri-band model.  The download speeds are comparable to a 56K dial-up home connection, but many of us are now using cable or DSL at home, and at work using a T1/T3 connection, which makes downloading data from the Internet on my phone seem slow and cumbersome.Overall, this phone is one of the best on the market today.  I was a convert with the first RAZR, and with its subtle upgrades and refinements, the V3i is truly a worthy successor to the original.  However, with its few flaws, I'm still anxiously awaiting the "perfect" RAZR to be released from Motorola's braintrust.  Perhaps you could consider this the "penultimate" RAZR instead of the "ultimate" one.

I have been using this product for over three years, I have bought a new V3i a second time after two years of use of an old V3i. Compared to the New Motorola V9 as well as countless other new phones on the market, the V3i still retains its glamour, as the V3i was marketed as a top-notch phone. It has longer battery life than the V9 and has all the features that are necessary in a cell phone.The durability of the V3i is also excellent. Cell phones with too many integrated electronics will be damaged easily. I had my first V3i crushed slightly by a car that drove too close to the curb. The front screen was slightly cracked, but the ballistic durability of the hard plastic is still surprising. The phone still worked perfectly. I then bought my second V3i, and fixed the old V3i. All the store had to do was replace the glass on the front screen and my old phone became as good as new again.I prefer the unlocked International version, which has slightly different menus and features and uses Digital Audio Player instead of the Apple iTunes software.

I can't say I had problems with this phone... being a former owner of the older version, V3. While both looked the same, the V3i have a lot of added features that, for a while confused me. But after a week of tweaking, I finally came to love the added features and was happy with it.While it's true that this phone is not MAC-friendly, I also found out that the Phone Tools software do not recognize it as an existing product of Motorola. Extra features aside, I got this phone because of the memory expandability that the V3 lacked. I'm one phone user who doesn't use whatever extras are stashed in to make a phone worthy of one's time... so long as I could make/receive calls; send/receive text messages, and listen to a bit of music. Internet access via the phone may be nice to some but not to me. That's just added expenses to my hefty monthly bill with AT&T.;To sum it up, this phone isn't the best there is out there but useful enough for my own needs. I'd buy another of this V3i, hands down (i.e., if I happen to have the extra cash to own a second unit). With Quadband frequencies-- it makes a good phone for travel outside America. Battery life is also a big plus. Some people could downplay this phone for what lacks but not me. :D

Can not send pictures unless you change internet access settings. Need to &#34;seem&#34; edit to access &#34;automatic&#34; date and time update. These steps are well beyond the average user. I spent a lot of time to resolve these two issues. Not for the faint of heart!

Giovanni, everything you said about this phone is true.  The setting up of the Contacts is the most idiotic set up I have ever seen.  There is a way to search for contact with out having to go through all of them individually, but it is so complicated and the manual is of no help and I already forgot how I managed to set it up.  The phone's menu's differ greatly from the manuals description of what they are.  Needless to say , I was happier with my old Nextel that was 3 years old too.

I had bought the product for my husband for his birthday. I bought it in december when I got it on sale. I kept it in the box and stored it away. (which that would have had nothing to do with it not working)  It is half my fault for not testing it but I didn't think I would have to. But the item doesn't even hold a charge. When you plug it in it won't charge at all. My husband was very happy about his present because he is the type who loves the old school phones but now they won't do a exchange or anything so now I am totally at a loss, If you buy from this supplier make sure the item works.

I have had the original razor since it came out.  On Valentines Day my sister bought a pink V3i.  I have played with both phones.  I had to teach her how to use hers.This is my opinion...they are exactly the same except for 2 things.1-the V3i has a video camera and the V3 doesn't2-the battery on the V3i has been updated and seems to hold a charge alot longer than the V3.Other than that, they are the same.

This is the best phone I ever owned.  Reception is very good, battery life is good, ring is audible, and quality of voice is very good.  Mine already came with ear phone, USB cable, leather case and 256MB memory card.  There are a few things that are not so good: - Need to clean cover frequently (it gets easily smudged); - MP3 sound is not perfect (well this is a phone not a MP3 player); - Once when I switched the GSM card it reverted to Kanji characters and I had a hard time to find the English option ;)

Very good value for the money. Phone is very nice looking, a little elegant and conservative I would say.The metal top gives it a little better look and feeling compared to the previous plain razor V3. I use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for 2 or 3 days. Speakers sound nice for mp3 playing, the camera takes clear pictures and it is full of other little extras, however if you are a fan of advanced features and apps,then think twice.For me and for work this phone is perfect.The only thing that i don't like much is that the volume is not so loud, and if you are talking in a noisy place you may want it a little higher, and also be advised that this offer does not include the little memory card so you have to buy it separately.Delivery was very fast and so far I can say I am happy with this phone.If you want a day to day good looking phone I recommend you to get it.

I have several of these phones already.  This one is to replace one that is more than 6 yrs old.  These phones are great for what I need and having a quad-band unlocked phone is imperative for overseas travel. For less than $65.00 incl. S&H is a steal.

Actually there are two problems, the first one is related to the battery, a not original Motorola (came with the phone) that did not work at all, which is not an issue for me because I have three BR50 batteries from my old V3 phones so it is just a matter of replacement, but the second problem is unsolvable that I found out on Tuesday, that the phone is defective and not charging at all ( I tried with three batteries) , so I had to use one of my old phones to charge a battery and switch it to this V3i. It has become a hassle.I bought the V3i because I travel a lot to different countries and this old four band GSM is very useful as a back up phone with prepaid SIM from each country.I am travelling abroad and will be back in six months, so unable to return the phone by mail and cancel the purchase.

My V3i shipped w/ a 256mb card and itunes allowed a maximum of 50 songs.  Bought a 512mb card and still only 50 songs.  Hope someone can hack this soon since card can fit far more.Otherwise I am very satisfied with the phone's other features.UPDATE:iTunes not compatible w/ bluetooth either.  Once bluetooth module is connected, itunes continues playing but not audible through headset.

i wish i never would have bought thise phone.it only holds charge 1 day,it freezes up sometimes for 30 sec even when u have an incoming call so u cant answer it.

I never had a phone give so much trouble as this phone. I brought this phone in October 2006 and it worked well initally, but now (less than one year after) it acts crazy and you press one button the volume goes up and sometimes blanks out totally!Also the battery doe snot hold a charge for any lenght of time. I regret buying this phone. Back to nokia for me.Please note, I am not alone, I have 2 friends experiencing the same problems.

I just gave it one star because I know that when you look for reviews people look at the bad reviews, so I wanted to catch your attention..This is a PERFECT phone!I can not believe the nonsense people write here, I was afraid that when I will buy it I will not have the ability to search people, or to pick up the phone with out hitting the speaker phone.Up until know I still don't understand what the HELL they where talking bout?The speaker phone button is INSIDE the phone, there is no way of pushing it, plus you can not put any button on the side unless you are total clumsy.When you want to search people you can search them in two ways, like in nokia or search engine, I really don't understand the people who write here, maybe they talk about the older v3 model.

I haven't use it yet because I'm still in the US and I bought it to use it in Venezuela. But, as far as I've cheked it, it looks like is in great conditions and working perfectly. It's very elegant and sharp looking, and the graphic interface is great and very easy to use

Beware!!  I bought an unlocked Razr V3i straight from Motorola, to get the nifty purple color that's offered only on their website.  Bad, bad, bad idea.  About a month after I bought it, the phone started to act all crazy - turning off and on randomly, screen going dim, etc.  I mailed it in (the problem later turned out to be the SIM card), and when the phone was returned to me it had been LOCKED to the Cingular network.What the heck is going on here!!  I paid nearly three times more money than a comparable phone, to get an unlocked product - I travel a lot, and the last thing I need is paying Cingular's outrageous prices for overseas roaming and carrier services.So I called the Motorola customer service number.  And waited on hold.  And waited.  And waited.  And finally was connected with a very nice gentleman who promised he would have a supervisor return my call.  Well, that was the first call.  After a week of no return call, I called again - I wound up having to call a total of four times, with an average of 45 minutes' hold time each call.When it finally became obvious that nobody was going to return my call, I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau, using Motorola's Chicago business address as the complainant.  FINALLY someone called me back, and - a miracle!  I got a new phone!However, the story doesn't end here.  I mailed back the old phone per the instructions, and a week or so later I received the phone BACK from Motorola's Customer Service - claiming they had already fixed the problem.I'm still waiting for Motorola to call me back to request their old phone back.  There's nothing wrong with it, except that it's locked to the Cingular network.The phone itself seems to have good sound quality and range, and it does hold a charge for a reasonably long amount of time.  That said, you can't save more than ten or twelve text messages on it, and you can't back up your messages to your MacBookPro.I bought an Iphone a while ago.  I'll probably still use the Motorola for traveling, but if I were you I'd think long and hard about purchasing a product for which it's nearly impossible to redeem the warranty.

Great phone!  I currently use it in Europe and in the U.S..  Amazon delivered it before the estimated shipping date!

very low quality product.i bought same model few years ago and was much better quality, this one is very poorly made.the battery cover won't stay in place. i also got the wrong color!

This product did not work well. After 2 weeks it stopped reading my SIM card on a regular basis. Thus I had to by a new phone when out of the country. Thus I wasted $80.

I would like to share with you my (very bad) experience with this product so you don't come across the same bad experience I do. I have had it for 3 days and tried almost every possible feature and read the accompanying documentation.My previous cell phone:I had the Sony-Ericson T610 and I was quite happy with it I must say. The only issue is that it was getting old (three years already). I wanted to change it because:- It did not have "out of the box" any way to synchronize contacts with my PC (ok Bluetooth, but no software provided and my PC would have needed a very expensive Bluetooth adapter).- No MP3 player.- Its display is very difficult to read specially under sunny day light.- It is very slow and annoyingly lagging (seems to be the Java running on it).Apart from these, it is -in my opinion- the best phone ever, user friendly, lot of great options, navigation and facilities and the T610 do really synchronize wit my Apple iBook.The new phone Motorola V3i:Pros:- The phone V3i is indeed very appealing, most appealing at least for me was the fact that it has all "advance level" phone features like e.g. QuadBand, GPRS Class 10 / Bluetooth / USB, etc.- Especially nice the MP3 player with expandable memory and it works ok, the music hears laud enough as to have (while wearing the stereo headset) one colleague of mine complaining 4 yards away from me :). The phone comes with a card of 64MB, rather too little for the high price.- It also includes software to synchronize with your PC whether through USB or Bluetooth. But please note I mentioned only PC, Mac users do not have a chance with it, read on.- Finally it has a very nice design, it is quite eye catching and rather easy to handle. This is the main reason I attribute to the fact that everyone wants it.Cons:- Totally excludes Apple Mac users and this is not stated in the system requirements on the box (btw there is no system requirements on the box) not even in the very poor Users Manual. Hence, no way to get any contacts into my little iBook, no Mac software included. Not even using iSync, iSync *does not support* this phone. Please have a look at:[...]if you see the phone V3i listed there, please let me know. Also google for "iSync Motorola V3i" to find a large list of frustrated users.- Very poor written documentation at least the Users Manual in German, Italian, French versions. They only took a bit of effort in explaining the trivialities and leave out the important information e.g. you do not find anywhere how to manage contacts i.e. *search contacts*. Funnily you find something like 3 pages explaining how to open and close the phone.- The software included with the phone "Motorola Phone Tools" from AvantQuest is a baby's joke e.g. in the middle of the synchronization it would continuously ask you to delete all of your Outlook contacts with no setting anywhere stating to delete anything. It would hang eventually until you restart your computer times enough as to feel like throwing phone and computer over the window. The software is in general very complicated, it would ask you for every contact, one by one to repeat the same action again and again, so be ready to be very very very patient with it.- Synchronization could not be more user unfriendly: I did not find anywhere stated that the phone had to be *closed* while synchronizing, I just found out only because of the fact that I got continuous synchronization errors. When you get errors you can only abort and there is no information given (synchronization log "Error found." cool).- Software documentation is and old-fashioned 5-pages marketing material subset of the phone written manual. If they invested so much time developing the fancy application phone "look and feel" they could have at least explained that the crappy phone e.g. denormalizes the contact data or that it discriminates Mac users.- This beautifulness of phone is or at least imports contact information from SIM cards or Outlook in an **incompatible** way than the usual design of contacts data, meaning how contacts are organized in Outlook or even other phones like Sony-Ericson i.e.Instead of saving contact like should be:Name: Manuel PeresCell: 111111111Home: 555555555Email: manuel.perez@email.meThe V3i saves it like:Manuel Peres (111111111 Cell)Manuel Peres (555555555 Home)Manuel Peres (manuel.perez@email.me Email)Meaning they denormalize or repeat the same contact information (name, address etc) for every different phone or email information. This makes it a real perfect mess for any user to handle e.g. say you realize you made a mistake and want to change in your phone "Manuel Peres" to "Manuel Perez" SO guess what? you have to change three records! instead of changing it only once! This problem has a name in Database Design and is called "Update Anomalies" (google it please). The same situation goes also for addresses. The same happens if you need to send e.g. via Bluetooth the contact, then you must do it three times, once for each different registered phone! plus it will be received as three different contacts on the receiver side! oohhh dear!- The functionality offered with the phone is very poor. You do not have any way to search a contact by name or the reverse lookup. Instead you have to search a number navigating the contacts one by one each phone number or ease the pain filtering by category. So go figure if you have over 200 contacts that are flattened for each different phone number makes it 200*(3 phones each approx.)=600 entries to navigate one by one! namely SUCKS. Actually you can use a "speed number" assigned to each phone number ... so ... you would need to remember something like e.g. 345 is the "speed number" assigned to 3051111111. Well if you have to remember the speed dial number 345 then just save in your brain the next 4 digits and get the phone number itself LOL.- Yes it has MP3 playing functionality that works sometimes i.e. it however does not support iTunes m4p format, so forget about copying from iTunes folder directly to the V3i memory card => unrecognized format. Many mp3 files that work on the PC are not recognized either, do not ask me why. Not to mention it takes something more than 10 minutes to copy 50MB, and I have a very fast PC with USB 2.0- So little time owning it, and have got already several total phone crashes and hangs. The only solution have been a hard restart ... thankfully though, and at least, the crash display is not blue but white (just for a change).- Be sure to allocate some additional bucks in your budget to buy the expensive headsets for this phone, because motorola made sure to make the connector incompatible with any ordinary headset. For example, here in Switzerland you do not find the motorola stereo headset anywhere, so mp3 player without  headset :). I got mine somehow.That said, there is no lower score I can offer for this expensive crap.Please accept my apologies. I only write reviews when I am extremely happy or extremely frustrated. In this case it is unfortunately the later. My advice is if you are planning to get a professionally designed cell phone device that is not just a crappy but good looking and very expensive MP3 player,please sleep well and look somewhere else.Good luck!- Giovanni

After my dreadful V551, I was hesitant to return to Motorola. Since my Sony Ericsson S710a didn't work out, and since my wife's V3 has been solid so far, I decided to give Moto one more chance with the V3i.First, the build quality and materials are EXCELLENT. The machined aluminum outer casing, and machined nickel keypad, provide substantial heft (this is good) and tactility. Moto could've used a little better plastic in places, but it's fine otherwise.Second, although its resolution is lower than the S710a's, the V3i inner display's physical screen size is about the same. Meaning it's plenty large, not to mention clear, colorful, and bright. The outer display is nothing special, but it is a compromise for better battery life, so I can live with that.Third, unlike Sony Ericsson, the new Moto's (V3i, SLVR L7, etc.) sport an industry-standard mini-USB charging/data port, and use standard memory cards. (I put a 1GB TransFlash in mine and it is amazing.) No more proprietary chargers and cables, nor goofy Sony-only "Memory Sticks."Fourth, the Bluetooth. Motorola has come a long way to improve their implementation, and though it is not as full featured as Sony Ericsson's, it is almost unshakable in its stability. (Sony Ericsson has the reverse trend. The T616 had great Bluetooth, the S710a's was unstable. The new W600 and W900 are equally unstable.) Range is excellent, too.Fifth, reception and call quality are both excellent. Volume could be better, but is still adequate. I have to admit, though, that the S710a was slightly better with earpiece and speakerphone audio volume and quality.Finally, the much maligned UI. Yes, Sony Ericsson trumps everyone with their interface and Address Book; Motorola executes both of these rather clumsily, thus requiring a steep learning curve. However, two areas where Moto outshines Sony Ericsson are 1) consistent UI responsiveness and 2) broad customizability.My only other gripe is the 50 song limit in iTunes, even with the memory card upgrade. However, I'm an iPod owner, so this doesn't concern me too much.Now for a word of warning to Mac users. My iTunes-equipped V3i, unlocked and unbranded, came from an overseas market (phone and manual languages included UK English, Vietnamese, Bhasat, and Thai). It has full Bluetooth functionality with my Mac, including iSync. However, some V3i's don't work over Bluetooth - the Mac can't "see" any of the phone's services, thus preventing file transfers or iSync-ability without a USB connection. I can't say for sure if this is related to iTunes or not, but so far it seems the iTunes-loaded V3i's work better. Caveat emptor!
