
I bought it after Thanksgiving 2005 and have been using it daily without any problems.

cheap phone anyone just looking for a phone to use for a low price with great service from virgin mobile.

I've had this phone for 2 years now, and it's performed fabulously.Highlights: incredibly small, a very loud ringer, quite bright screen, excellent battery life, and very good voice quality. Make no mistake, this phone is for one thing only: talking (okay, or texting). The lack of a color screen, camera, any game you want to play, or MP3 capabilities is an asset, in my book.I live in the Boston area and find network quality to be excellent; always a signal. Typically that's the case when I travel as well.This phone isn't for everyone. I purchased it for the pay-as-you-go plan. (I use it relatively little, only spending about $15 every 2 months, on a "20 cents for the first minute, or 10 cents per minute per day that I use 10 minutes or more" plan. I believe Virgin Mobile no longer offers this plan to new subscribers though.)How's Virgin Mobile customer service? My wife's VM phone, a 1-year-old Vox 8610 (still under warranty), just died 2 weeks ago, and after a quick customer service call, Virgin Mobile Fedexed us a new one just 2 days later. Also when I've called with any questions, I've been extremely happy with the attitude of the reps, and their ability to resolve issues.Downsides: the battery did occasionally need to be popped out and put back in when the unit wouldn't start, but that problem has gone away. (Given that the phone was essentially free, this isn't a big problem to me.)The only thing I'd like to be different is for it to have a built-in headset jack. (Also, buying one of the available laptop-to-cellphone-via-USB chargers is a big help.)All in all, it's a sturdy, great little phone.

Good points: It just plain works. Nothing more, nothing less. I've yet to drop all call in my area, but your mileage may vary since it depends on the Sprint network. Activation was rather quick and painless. It was on within 5 minutes of my call to VM.Medium points:  I'm a light user who already has a home phone, so I don't really mind the rates. I barely even spent five dollars on minutes this month. I usually end up making a few extra calls I wouldn't do otherwise just to burn up some minutes before top-up time. However, if you don't already have a home phone, you'd be better off with a regular monthly plan from another carrier. No stars added or taken away because of this point, since your mileage may vary.The flashlight is a nice added bonus, which comes in handy since I work nights and it gives enough light to unlock my door, but not much more. This point is kinda trivial, so it doesn't add or cost any stars from me.Bad points: Several reviewers have mentioned the spontaneous shutoff, which I find trivial, but enough to cost a star. Pop the battery out and put it back, it's just fine for a couple of weeks or so.Also, the regular speaker is not as loud as I would like, so every time I make or get a call, I have to press the loudspeaker button. Maybe this should not have any bearing on the review since my hearing has been damaged by years of loud rock'n'roll, but there goes another star anyway.Overview: It just works. If you're a tightwad like me, get it, but if you're willing to spend a bit more because of the bad points I mentioned, do it.

I have been a Virgin Mobile user for about 2 years and this is my third phone and the best so far.  This is a very small basic phone.  I was a bit apprehensive about the small size but there really does not seem to be any problems due to the size.  The screen is a bit difficult to read w/o the backlighting and I think the speakerphone volume is weak.  But the ring is loud and the voice quality is good.  Reception is very good. The vibrating alert is also on the weak side. The keypad is small but I have no problems with it.

I set this up for my little sister. It has very few features (compared to the cameras coming out). It works as a phone very well which is what it should do.Another thing to note is it uses the same software as a lot of the other "brick" nokia phones (Nokia 3588i and 6016i). I was able to figure it out right away.It's very small. Good young children or adults that want to put it in their pockets without feeling the weight in their pockets.Virgin Mobile was easy to setup. It took me 15 minutes to fill everything up and get it going. The website said it would take over a day to activate but an e-mail appeared in my inbox in ten minutes with my phone number.If I didn't care about my phone number and already get stuck with another 2-year contract with Sprint, I would definitely go this route. I highly recommend it for the casual cell phone user or in my mom's case an emergency phone for my little sister.

This Shorty is so small you could probably fit 2 inside an empty (regular size) cigarette pack. If that sounds just great, the phone itself may be for you. But of course the buttons are also very small, small enough that you'd have to be a constant user to be able to accurately press them without looking. And no, they're not illuminated. More, I had to find out from the manual that it was a no-no to cover the top of the phone with your hand, as that blocks the internal antenna - not easy to do with so small a unit.Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint network. I've found the phone works most places I need it to work, but I was in the mall a couple of days ago and saw others yapping happily on their cells. Deciding to test this, I got no signal. Not sure if this the phone or Sprint.Finally, I bought the phone at Amazon rather than a "brick and mortar" store because only Amazon offered a package deal with a free $20 'top up' card. The order took over 2 weeks to even ship out! Amazon said it was because the card was unavailable during that time. They are usually excellent with shipping, and maybe this is solved by now. But I sure could have used the phone during the time it took to arrive. I bought it mainly to be able to call AAA from the road as my car was stalling out.

I don't use a cell phone much.  This phone is great for light users.  The phone is cheap but functional.  The Virgin prepaid plan allows light users to pay essentially $20 every three months, less than $7.00 per month.  Every now and then you can find a sale on prepaid cards and get them below face value.If you're shopping for this phone on sale, look for deals with free airtime.  You can usually find a deal.I've had no problems with the Virgin service area.  I'm told they use the Sprint network.  My family had Sprint for years, and we found their coverage area was good.  For light users, Virgin is cheaper.I don't use the features very much.  I have used the built-in light a few times.  There is a silent mode. There is a key guard.  It's not perfect, but it's better than my previous phone.  I'm a guy, and I often carry the phone in my pants pocket.  For those occasions, the recessed antenna is a plus.  Some places you just don't want to get poked.

As a 45 year old Virgin Mobile customer, I get teased all the time.  A few years back I needed a cell phone so I could leave the house and not miss a call from my boss for work assignments.  I liked the idea of pay as you go even though I have excellent credit.  Also had 2 teenagers on the go and wanted to test out the service.  Bought the big Party Animal.  Actually loved it and bought 3 more for the family. After a couple years we thought we'd try the Audiovox.  My phone didn't work right from day one.  My family kept theirs.I waited for the Shorty.  Just an inexpensive phone with an inexpensive plan.  Works great.  I text a lot more than make calls.  I enlarge the text so I don't need glasses, and select loudspeaker and hear just fine.  Yeah, it could be considered boring, but if you simply need a phone - it works great.  I haven't had a shut off problem I've read about - I never turn mine off. No external antenae is a plus.I have all the latest gadgets so I'm looking for a decent phone only.My fiance on the other hand...Can't stuff enough stuff into a phone for his taste!

As reported by others, this phone does turn itself off spontaneously even when the battery is well charged, necessitating removal and replacement of the battery before it can be turned back on.  This has happened four times in the last two months, but otherwise the phone has performed well.  It's small, light, and reasonably easy to use.My only other complaint (minor) is that the phone doesn't come with a "generic ring" ringtone.  It has a selection of techno-hip ringtones (with names like EvilPizz and KrunkTone) that I fear are entirely too hip for me, but I can't bring myself to pay extra for a normal ring.

I have had this phone for a year and a half. Initially I bought it as a message phone, but now have switched to it as my main phone. It has a lot of features for the buck: i like the built in flashlight (it's quite bright), ability to call up phone numbers or set answer profiles using voice activiation (a great feature for seniors), the ability to recall numbers just by pushing the send button and using the down arrows. You can also see missed call numbers contrary to what someone wrote below. It even has a built in tape recorder for quick memos.I think it is a very attractive little unit and fits nicely in your pocket. The reception is TERRIFIC! i've had friends remark about how "clear" i sound on it. a great improvement over my old land line even. I also get clear signals and very few dropped signals.I am on the $34.99 a month plan with Virgin Mobile and that's sufficient for my use. I like that there is no contracts required and you can easily switch plans as your needs change or even deactivate for awhile. I did research before I bought this on amazon and liked the reviews. I have been very happy with the phone and virgin mobile.This phone's marketing is geared for young people, i am middle aged so the ringtones and general marketing on the site don't speak to me. however, i was able to get billie holliday singing "i'll be seeing you" as my ringtone.This is a GREAT value for the money. The phone is well made and has a nice feel to it. I often use it on speakerphone and set it down while i do other things. Easy to use features. It can be used either as a main phone or a 2nd phone.

I purchased the Nokia 2115i and before opening the package I searched for reviews of the product (I know that this is backwards, but such is life).  I noticed here of users reporting the auto-shutoff problem that requires the battery to be disconnected.  I searched the nokia site for details and found nothing.  So I called them on a Saturday morning, 9 AM PST.  After 15 minutes, a support person answered.  She put me on hold for about 30 seconds and said that her "tech" said nothing has been reported, there are no service bulletins on this model and that "my phone does not have any problems".I happen to work as a software tester and know all about bugs.  The fact that I got a glib response worries me.  No searching of bug databases, only a quick opinion of one tech who cannot possibly have such expansive knowledge of this model (1 of 100 models Nokia offers).I will return my phone today to avoid the risk.  Thanks to all who took the time to report a problem here.

I have tried three of these phones now. All three froze up within or around one month. You must take the battery out and reinstall it to be able to turn the phone back on. I got mine at Best and they said they had alot come back. Try the Kyocera 9 or 10 if you want Virgin Mobile. My wife has had a Kyocera for almost two years with only one problem. The batt would not hold a charge but Best gave her a new one because she had the extended plan. No problems since. She got the extended plan again with the new phone. 8.95 or something close.Update - just called VM to cancel account and add money to wife's account. They cancelled account but said they cannot move balance to new account unless it's an 'emergency'? Maybe I should have told them phone got stolen? Anyways, not my prob anymore.

this phone is good, it is basic, but ultimately does the job and is easy to understand. the navigation keys are the most simplest there could be. any one could work this phone!

UPDATE:  VM has struck out!24 Oct 05 - VM is now sending me a THIRD replacement.  They simply refuse to send me a similar (ie ....inexpensive) Kyocero (sp?) phone.  They likely spent more money FEDEXing me replacement Shortys, then I have paid for my VM service.Who knows, maybe the fourth Shorty will work.  I suspect bad software loaded.But even if it does, I doubt I would ever recommend VM.  They have the worst customer service, I have ever experiened.  How many times do they expect their customers to beat their heads against a brick wall?My experience with Virgin Mobile REMAINS most unsatisfactory.  I do not recommend their service or the Nokia Shorty. If VM does remedy this issue, I will edit this review.My original Nokia Shorty phone also turned itself off.  Virgin Mobile sent a replacement with same problem.Today I called VM customer service and requested a different model phone to replace this second defective phone.  The representative said she could only send me the same model.  I asked to speak to her supervisor.  The supervisor was unresponsive and condescending, implying the phone was turning off because it was in my pocket and "operator error."  This in spite that the phone turned off once during the night on my dresser; and this was a known issue with the Nokia Shorty.  Also, she could not explain why it was necessary to re-insert the battery to power the phone back on.She repeated VM would only send the same phone in exchange.  She said her supervisor does not take calls, and there was no one in Virgin Mobile she would refer me to.As it stands now, VM is sending me a third Nokia Shorty.  If this second replacement has the same problem, what are my options?  The customer service representatives gave me no options except  to send me another and another replacement and so on.Apparently VM does not give its customer representatives the freedom to make decisions on their own in order to satisfy VM customers.

I bought this phone through Virgin Mobile.  It is small, cute and has great features.After about 3 weeks, it shut itself off. I thought it lost it's charge and tried to charge it but it wouldn't work.  I removed the battery and put it back in and it worked again.  The battery was still half charged.  I leave it on all the time.  This day it was only on about 2 1/2 hours before it turned itself off.  Not good.Plus the voice mail icon won't go away even without any messages.Nokia told me to send it in for repair.  Virgin told me to send it back for a new, same model phone.  I'm thinking about trying to get my money back.Such a shame.  I really liked it.  I may check out AT&T...I; hate them, too!***UPDATE:  Nokia sent me a new one.  Haven't had any problems in over a year.

This item was very well made by the Virgin Mobile Company. It's Features are amazing, and the sound quality is very good. The screen is very visible and good. Although is is somewhat small, it is still compact and fits almost anywhere. I really enjoy this item. It's one of my favorite Virgin Mobile Phones so far.

I don't use the games (which another reviewer lists), and I don't buy ringtones. I do send text messages, which this phone does fairly well (the menus are a bit annoying, but the predictive typing feature works well), and fairly cheaply (ten cents to send, nothing to receive). The flashlight, while weird, comes in handy more often than you might expect. And it works as a phone. Not a lot of frills, but a good, solid, reliable phone.One annoyance for those who talk and drive is that, unlike many phones, this requires a nokia headset, rather than a 2.5mm plug headset. I found it a bit more difficult finding the nokia headset at a reasonable price.

This phone is marketed towards youngsters. But it is perfect for older people, such as myself, who don't use a cell phone much, yet want to have one "just in case" or for occasional use. Over the past few weeks I have found it to be reliable, it holds a charge a long time, and has pretty good voice quality. It is quite tiny--no need for a folding ("flip") phone. Virgin has increased the number of services it offers: either 25c/minute, and only spend $15/90 days to keep the service active, or else 35c/day for 10c minutes. No roaming or domestic long distance charges. Very few taxes and no extra fees. The service is not cost-effective if you plan to use the phone heavily, but for light use you will not find a less expensive service.I found a few deficiencies in the phone that keep me from giving it 5 stars. As others have noted, the screen is hard to see when not backlit. Some features are hidden in menus--for example, there is a speakerphone, but just go try to find out how to use it! It isn't described in the manual. (It turns out it is a menu option when you receive or make a call, but if you just look through the menus you won't find it.) The provided ring tones are too funky for me. So I surprised myself by paying for a old-fashioned ring, $2, which actually sounds pretty good.So if you want a small reliable phone that holds a charge well and has good clear sound, the Shorty is worth a look. Just be sure that the Sprint network (which Virgin uses) is available in your area before buying any Virgin phone, as they have no capability of roaming onto other networks.*****Added after several months with the phone*******My phone does indeed have the "auto shut-off" bug. It didn't bite me for several weeks, but it has happened to me several times over the past few months. The phone shuts itself off despite having plenty of power left in the battery. The remedy, as others have reported, is to take the battery out for a second. When reinserted, the phone acts fine again. It doesn't happen to me very often, but it does happen. Since it happens so rarely, perhaps once every few weeks, it doesn't bother me much, but I can see it would be infuriating to some people. It is rather amazing to me that Nokia claims not to be aware of this bug.

ive never had this phone, but ive experienced it long enough to review it... thanks to my friend! hahaWell by far, this is a great little device for quick use! Ive never seen a great phone at a great deal of a price anywhere!Features are pretty good, just like a regular old nokia model should own. The keypad is a little confusing at first, but soon enough, you'll get the hang of it.

This is a tiny phone; it fits in a pocket very well. The sound quality is great, and people can hear me well. The "Shorty" is a great little phone (with the exception of the screen--it's difficult to read the time of day display). I particularly like the loudspeaker feature, which enables me to put the phone down next to me while driving and hear and be heard well.  It's easy to navigate through all the features, although it might be more difficult for someone with bigger fingers; I use my thumbnail to push the buttons.  Easy to find out my balance, too.  I just use the phone for making and receiving calls and not for the downloadable features and games, so I haven't tried all those.  The existing ringtones are I suspect aimed at a younger crowd--they sound kind of hip hop.  They also sound kind of tinny.  But, as I said, I'm using it mainly for a low-use phone; so this didn't discourage me.What did discourage me was the one little problem:  My particular phone has a little problem of powering off on its own without warning every few days--even with a full battery charge. So I'm walking around with a phone that is not on thinking I can receive emergency calls when actually I can't, because it has spontaneously turned itself off. Nothing I do gets it to turn back on.  It is just dead. I figured out I just remove the battery and put it back in (which the trouble shooting page on the nokiausa website confirmed), and this enables me to turn it back on. I find this unacceptable in a phone and am returning it. Virgin Mobile customer service was kind and polite and offered to give me a new "Shorty," but I declined, because I found the minutes disappearing too fast with the Virgin Mobile prepaid plan.  I believe, because they start counting off your time the second you push send when you make a call.  So, you are paying for the 15 or 20 seconds it takes your party's voice mail to connect AND the message you leave on his or her voicemail.  This adds up.  Had I not been unimpressed with the Virgin Mobile plan, I probably would have taken them up on the replacement offer, because I really like the phone.

This Is A Great Phone. If You Like Small Phones I recomeend U To Get This Phone,

I picked up one of these phones as a temporary vacation replacement while I was waiting for my Treo 650 to arrive from [...] The service from myrateplan.com was so bad (the phone didn't arrive on time which is why I had to get the Shorty to tide me over) and the Shorty was such a good little phone, that I decided to wait until Verizon gets real about the pricing on their data plans for the Treo 650 and I'm just sticking with the Shorty for now. You just can't beat it for the price. It runs on the Sprint PCS network which is generally second only to Verizon in terms of reliability. I have used my Shorty for almost 2 months now and I just experienced the "auto shut off" bug for the first time. For $39 I can live with that occasional annoyance. Oh, and the speakerphone is very screetchy and tinny sounding. But on the plus side, it DOES have a cool little built-in flashlight and who really uses their cellular speakerphone for anything other than waiting on hold? I think I may also be spending slightly more each month for a prepaid phone than I would with a long term contract, but it's worth it just to know I can ditch the phone and the service whenever I feel like it. I will never sign a cellular contract again. Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!

i got this phone because my "vox 8610" had been used so much that the battery couldnt even hold a charge. so i got this phone as a replacement tot he 8610... an I LOVE IT! its wayy better than the 8610 because its smaller, LOUDER ringtones and has clear SPEAKERPHONE. yes it has speakerphone... its soo nice, the only thing i dont like about it is its non-colour... but its sill good. i would totatlly recemend this phone instead of paying 90.00 for the 8610 that cant truly hold a charge. i have the 8610 it will be up on E-bay so if you want it, it will be up 8/30/05 at 9:00pm est. so get on for a good deal (35.00) compared to 90.00 but the charge lasts for 3 hours... but i use it daily thats why its not good for me. LOOK OUT!

I never bought into the hype of colour screens and attached cameras in a cellphone. I just want a cellphone that has long battery power, easy to carry, and does the talking well.One of the nicest thing with this phone is the signal strength indicator: it has seven bars in total, giving a very clear indication of how the signal is, and whether you feel confident having a conversation at the spot you are at.The battery lasts about a week on standby and light talking and turned off at night. It is lithium-ion battery so is very convenient in terms of charging. Charging time is about five hours to full.The display is very large. It has the usual usability of a Nokia phone. It does not have an antenna, and the mic is quite far from the mouth, but I have never needed to repeat myself even in quite noisy environments. The sound is clear, and it includes an integrated loudspeaker.Now, a few issues. The included ringtones are few and fewer still are the "professional/discrete" type. Auto-key-lock failed once so I had to restart the phone. The keys are a bit small and hard so they require some getting used to.Also, on several occasions it refused to be turned off. I had to take the battery out to force it to power down. Not sure why, but it really shouldn't happen.Overall, a very economic functional phone without bells and whistles (except for the integrated flashlight). It works like a telephone.

I only had this phone for 3 weeks, but those 3 weeks were very good with this phone.Its so small and portable, but I was offered the Snapper, which I did switch to. I like the flashlight, its useful and a unique idea. The phone gets a good signal in most places, and only had 1-2 dropped calls. This phone is very reliable and easy to use.

This super compact phone is great!, It is not a sophisticated model, great for people who needs just a phone. Although it's quality is great, and has many features I didn't expect it to have such as the loudspeaker (and more things), which works great! I love the phone, it's compact I can carry it on my pockets, lightweight and doesn't look cheap; also the service at virgin is much better than tracfone, I am glad I switched, cause their phones are crap too.

I have had only one cell-phone model in the past, so I may not be the perfect judge.  My previous cell was the Mobile Timeport p8767, with Verizon service. I had all the extras: mutiple antennaes, cases, indoor and auto chargers, PC link and software, link to palmtop computer, extra batteries etc.The Nokia Shorty 2115i is really great. Cost $25 and FREE FEDEX shipping and $25 of call credit was provided. One only needs to TOP UP every 90 days, so it is esentially $7 a month with tax. This $7 can apply to the $0.18 minutes.The features are convenient and intuitive once you run through them a few times.  The RADIATION is about 1/2 of what the TimePort produced from a Govt website.

To comment on the VirginMobile:It's a great service to have for the inbetween time or in case of emergencies. I bought a Shorty when I was inbetween switching wireless service providers and couldn't afford to be disconnected from my work. It served the purpose... but I quickly learned that $20 doesn't get you far on this thing- after a week of making two-minute calls per day, I had to top up twice. $40 per week IS a little expensive- Nextel would give you 300 free incoming minutes for that amount.The service really IS a rip off and it is E-X-P-E-N-S-I-V-E!!!But then, you have to understand that the service is target towards teens, hence the name Shorty. Also, calling the customer support center is pretty difficult because they address you as if you are calling from your 3rd period math class. The conversation becomes all giddy and full of phrases such as "We'll hook you up..." Not really what you want to deal with if you're older than 15.But back on track- its targeted to teens with the idea that teens will run up all of their minutes within a day and leave their parents trying to foot another $20 "top-up".

This phone works great and sounds great. We got it as a replacement for a mostly emergency cell phone, but it sounded much better than the one it replaced and was cheaper too.  We now may get another for the grandparents.The one problem we have found is that the power button on top can become stuck underneath the plastic housing if it is pushed too hard and not pushed straight down.  This can be easily fixed with a small screwdriver, but is annoying nonetheless.All in all, a good buy with Virgin mobile's current deal.

This is not about the Nokia Shorty. This is about Virgin MobileWhatever you do, DON'T buy Virgin Mobile "Top-up" cards from retailers. They expire in 3 months and if you don't top up, they refuse to credit your account for the amount of the card. My daughter was given 2 Top-up cards for Christmas. She used one in February, but when she went to Top-up again in late Mar. they told her the card had expired. There was no "fine print" anywhere on the card stating they expire. I spent an hour on the phone with customer service and they resolutely refused to credit the account. So we were out $50!!!

it is very cute gadge. Battery can stand for 7 days. Very good choice for prepaid cellphone user.

I have used Nokia cellphones before and this was the worst.I brought it because I needed something for emergencies, had it for four months, topped up and went to make a call the phone was dead.. Waste of money

I was kinda surprised to see the Shorty at such a low price but it is the holiday season after all. I like this phone because it is so low in price but you can still download ringtones and select wallpapers like a regular phone. It's a good choice for people with a small budget.From Cathy_luvs_dd a Virgin Mobile Insider

I've had my Virgin Mobile Nokia Shorty for several months now.  Unforunately, I cannot recommend it becuase Virgin Mobile customer service is very poor.  The first problem was registering my credit card - neither the Virgin Mobile web page nor a live advisor was able to register it.  And worse, the attempts to register the card triggered a security stop on my credit card.  (I guess a lot of credit card fraud happens through Virgin Mobile USA.)The second big problem was when I tried to purchase a custom ringtone from the VM USA website.  Well, the ringtone "successfully" downloaded, but my phone did not actually play the ringtone at all - just silence.  Virgin Mobile USA refuses to refund my money, since according to their system, the download was successful.I suggest avoiding Virgin Mobile USA due to poor customer service.

The Shorty is perfect. This phone is uncomplicated and does not bother you with useless options. I recommend the shorty to anyone that loves simplicity.

Phone is excellent for what I wanted it for (emergency/occasional use).  Can't beat VMobile.  Found VMobile service dept. excellent and the plan is inexpensive and predictable.  Only problem has been that auto-shutoff bug.  I have purchased two phones within the last month, and one has already shut down twice: No calls in/out until reset by battery removal/replacement.  Nokia service dept. would not admit to any knowlege of this problem.  I only know one other person who has this phone and this bug bit her, too. Must be a common problem.  Virgin Mobile good, Nokia bad.

I'm an adult, infrequent user.Pros:Small, no antenna, don't have to flip open, sunlight viewable, voice activated dialer, speakerphone, automatic keyguard, calendar, easy texting modes, good value plan at $5/month with carry forward balance, voice clarity and communication is good.Cons:Doesn't show who left a voice message, dropped out and had to remove battery twice to reboot over the past year, sometimes shows a weak but operating signal but won't actually connect.So, it works for me, I'm happy with it.  Set up my Mom and father-in-law with this phone also.

Unless you're one of those people who has to have a cell phone in their ear 24/7, the Nokia Shorty with Virgin Mobile's Minute-to-Minute, Pay-as-You-Go plan should work for you as well as it does for me.  I only make and receive an occasional call, and I don't need a handheld video game/internet browser/digital camera.  The battery life is impressive and the loudspeaker function works exceptionally well.  I didn't care for the ringtones that came preloaded, but there are plenty that can be downloaded off Virgin Mobile's website.

I got this phone to replace a Kyocera K-9 and K-10. The batteries for both of those phones were not lasting even a day with no usage.The Nokia Shorty gets a much better signal where the K-9 and K-10 would barely find any signal. Voice quality is better, too. The battery lasts much longer, I can go several days without charging, instead of having to plug-in every night.The Nokia has a very simple interface, and it's easy to use and add contacts, etc. There are a few things I would change if I could, for instance, a "list view" for menus instead of showing one item per page.The ring-tones included with the phone are all targeted to Virgin Mobile's target demographic. There are no ringtones suitable for a business environment, but I almost always have the phone on vibrate only.

This phone is pretty good. For the games it has Snake 2 it has Kart racing and Space impact 2. It has preety good tools. It has a Alarm clock a calendar a voice memo with up to a miniute of recording time. A caculator a stopwatch with up to a 100 hours of time and a countdown timer. It has pretty good features but even for my first cellphone i would still only giveit  4 stars. It also does not have a camera but this phone is okay

I've had the phone a few days and have already been bit by the auto-shutoff others have mentioned.  Had to remove the battery and put it back before i could power on (battery still had full charge).  I'll be returning the phone.  I wish I had heeded other reviews and spent the $10 extra for a different model that would hopefully not malfunction right off the bat.Update: well, i've still got the phone 6 years later, so i guess it's not all bad. Voice quality is good, battery life is good (when it doesn't auto shut off).  Gets the job done in most ways in the simplest way possible.

I just bought this phone for my teenage daughter.  It is quite small (she says it's "cute") and extremely light.  I was suprised at how light it was.  My favorite feature about the phone actually is its price.  Amazon lists it for $29.99 here (claiming 50%) off, but I bought my daughter's at Wal-Mart for $20.00.I think the pay-as-you-go phone is a great invention for teenagers.  We were able to get her hooked up with service within an hour of buying the phone.All in all, not a bad deal at all.

This phone is a GREAT deal! The quality that went into this phone I'm shocked at the price. The phone can get tons of ringtones, Real Songs! It also has many features that are just fun. The sound is crystal clear and the screen can be easily read. A great starter phone or even upgrade!

This is a nice, sleek looking phone from a simple pay as you go wireless provider.  Virgin Mobile uses the SPRINT PCS network and charges you as follows...$.025 a minute for the first 10 minutes of the day, then $0.10 a minute after that.  Or, $0.10 a minute plus $0.35 a day.  You pay $0.10 per text message you send and it is free to receive them.  You must top off your account at least $20 every 90 days to keep your account active, but you keep the minutes you have already purchased.  If you don't use your phone a lot your looking at $6.66 a month for a cell phone.  How simple is that?  No other hidden fees involved.The Nokia 2115i is the smallest Nokia I have ever seen.  It stands less than 4" tall, less than 1.5" from side to side and less than 3/4" thick.  There are limited accessories for it at this time because it is new to the market.  You can send and receive text from other phones or email addresses.  There are tons of downloadable stuff from the web site as well.  Other features include a speaker phone, built in flashlight, voice dialing, voice memo recording, games and more.  Anytime your curious about how much money you have left in your account, you can check your balance right on the phone.  It takes about 5 seconds for the account information to be zapped back to you in a text message.  You can also access your account on the web site.If your like me who got tired of spending over $50 a month for cell phone minutes I never used, this is for you.  I like the convenience of having a phone, but do not have a need to have it glued to my ear all day.  Virgin Mobile pay as you go is simple and in my case money saving.  Not to mention this particular phone is about the most stylish Nokia they make.

With a fully charged battery, the Nokia Shorty dies about once a week. I have to open up the battery cover, take out the battery for just a second, and then replace it, at which point the phone will power back on. I actually returned the phone once to get it replaced because I thought I just had a bum one. Then my replacement kept doing it and I realized there's just some sort of general problem with this type of phone. I searched the internet and have found many other people saying the same thing about it suddenly dying. I'm not a big chatter and use this phone solely for receiving important emergency-like calls from family members. And in saying that, it's very frustrating to know while you're walking around with the shorty in your pocket, the phone might be dead at that very moment.Besides that, it's a really cheap seeming phone. It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is. When you call customer support you are greeted with a recording that's all "hey what's up!" instead of just a regular professional environment. And the phone doesn't offer any free 'normal' ring-tones. There's only a couple crunked out ghetto ones. I just keep the phone on vibrate anyway but it'd definitely be nice if they could have the decency to throw in a normal ring-tone for free rather then only low-rider crunky music.It's a good phone if you're dirt poor like I am. If I had any money I'd get rid of it in a heart-beat.Oh, I have one more complaint. There's no volume scroll thing or anything, so you have to press the keypad during conversation to turn up the phone. But if you've been dialing numbers (like if you're calling your bank "press 1 for checking account" etc, then because you've entered numbers into the phone, you have to clear them all out before you can turn up or down the volume. So if you've just pressed 9 different digits, you have to sit there and hold clear for ten seconds before you can utilize the volume control. It's super stupid.

Hey LyndaI think that you should read it this review again. I should point out that some of the plans contains hidden fees like the minute 2 minute plan. They charge you 25 cents for the first 10 minutes before you can get 10cents a minute after that. If you use ony 10 minutes its $2.50. 20 minutes will be $3.50 and so on.If you think about it's almost just like a $1.50 access fee which is included in the first ten minutes. Also When I was doing the math, I was making an assumption that the average number of minutes of usage per month was 300 minutes at an average of 10 minutes per day for 30 days straight which is roughly the normal amount for people who don't use their cell phones often. It is only an estimate. I'm just trying to point out the fact that even if you don't use your phone every day, and if you add up all the days that you actually use you phone along with the cost that was assess that day, you will realize that it is not really worth it.

When I dwindled with the idea of purchasing this item, I DID do the math CORRECTLY and saw it was a great deal to get for emergency calls or the like. I never considered it as an ACTUAL phone with monthly plan though. I've had this phone for some time already, and I have to say the service is incredible. And about the person who said about the access fees....I gotta give it to ya....you liar. I have yet to recieve any of those on my account....guess they probably just wanted to rip YOU off. As my phone is only for any emergencies out on the road, I have gone these three past months with only the purchase of ONE $20 top-up card. So I have seen how NO access fee have been applied to my account.I am overall content with this service and product and I would recommend it to anyone who would need a phone, especially someone  that isn't a big talker.

I bought this VM Nokia 3 weeks ago.  The automatic keyguard has stopped working and the VM car charger is touchy.  I also thought this was a GSM phone but it's not.  Nokia makes really great phones, the shorty isn't one of them.

I use it with Virgin Mobile. They use Sprints digital network, so service in only as good a Sprints digital network (minimal digital service in rural areas). At least once a week I have to remove and then reinsert the battery as the phone goes dead.

The phone works great thanks to Sprint but the Virgin customer service is horrible. The web site is inaccurate and the phone reps are poorly trained. I have nothing but problems topping-up my account. I am switching.
