
Great phone easy to use,have this phone about 3 months now.Had the v400 nice phone,but the v551 better phone great camara,video phone.Bluetooth awesome.Highly reconmend this phone V551 for the money.RPotter

The Motorola V551, in my opinion wasnt designed to be a telephone, but a toy. I am 16 years old and people consider the components like the video camera and what not to be 'teenager', but i still havent found use for all of them! And i have owned the phone for 6 months now.My favorite things on the phone are the less-smooth feel for better grasp, the speakerphone option because people i talk to cant tell the difference and i can be across the room from the phone and be heard, the camera because its handier than carrying around a digital one everywhere, the bulky size which i think helps me to locate it in my purse, the ability to jpeg pictures as wallpaper, and the calendar is very useful.The less than favorable things are the side button that changes the ring mode, (What genious thought of that?) the weak and ironically lifeless battery life, the fact that when i try to use a button to take me to oh say, MEdia Mall, it takes way more time than it should. You can compare the connection speed of the V551 to another phone as dial-up to broadband internet. When it gets a signal for data it causes audio equipment to make obnoxiously loud beeps and buzzes. I can actually tell ahead of time when i am getting a call or a text message just by being near a sterio, and am able to answer the phone by the first ring (but i guess thats not such a bad thing.)In the address book you cant narrow your search you just have to go by the first letter and additional numbers for the same person get saved as a whole other contact. Oddly my signal is so weak in my house i get more dropped calls there than anywhere else, in the country. Also, some features like AOL Instant Messanger, and bluetooth dont work at all for me. I will be getting a replacement soon because i can say first hand water damage is a terrible thing to experience, and hopefully i just had a dud of a phone, so i am keeping my hopes high for Motorola's sake.So if you are someone who travels alot, has patience and gets lucky and gets a fully functioning phone, this is for you. IF NOT, SPRING FOR THE MOTOROLA RAZR V3!!!

Cingulars customer service totally sucks. They made me hold 2 hours every time to get a warranty exchange on my phone, and finally had to pay $175 to disconnect the service. I regret changing over from Verizon, really do.

We've been with Cingular for over 10 years now and owned many different phones but I have to say that this is the worst one we've ever owned!!  Just like the majority of reviewers we have experienced:1) low to no volume - you can't hear them, they can hear you! I could only use my headset, and my husband could only use the speaker.2) having the phone in your pocket or even purse can end up changing the ringing style.  Even when you have it in a case on your belt there is no way to pull the phone out without either pulling the antenna out or pressing the buttons on the side and changing the ring style!3) you have to wiggle the plug to get the phone to charge and then just when you think its good to go, you come back later and it hasn't charged!4) voice mails were received 7 - 8 days after they were left by callers.  Then there would be so many that voice mail would be full.5) failed calls - UGH!6) dropped calls - UGH!7) right in the middle of a conversation the phone would just shut off!  What is that about?!!!!!8) I have a strong signal, husband has no signal or vice versa and we are sitting right next to each other!It got so hard to hear who you were talking to that we sent my husbands phone back in for a replacement and within 1 month the same thing happened again!!  Luckily for him, he was able to get an upgrade on his phone and we went back to a Nokia.My contract wasn't up until December 2006 but I was so frustrated with the phone that I was willing to pay full price for the Nokia.  Fortunately for me, the customer service rep and manager were both aware of the problems and pushed through my upgrade!  Back to a Nokia, where we will both stay!  No more Motorola!!As for all these reviewers with 4 & 5 stars....just wait...it'll happen!!

I want to know if there was a recall on this phone, if not there should have been!! I have had TWO in the past and both times I have had such a hard time hearing people! It's the same story as the other reviews I read, I have to cram the stupid thing against my ear so hard it hurts, or use the speaker phone (which is still hard to hear at times) for the longest time I thought I was the only one. The first phone I had the speaker went out, I squeezed the ear part really hard and it worked!, but only to have the backlight to go out on me. I had to get a new phone, I did, and 2-3 months later the SAME THING HAPPENED with the ear part. I recently dissasembled the old phone and I cannot figure out how to get the speaker to work! (I fixed the backlight though). Over all If your interested in this phone, its actually a very good phone but only when it works. I really like the features, the polyphonic stuff and the video cam, but now there are better phones, this one is starting to show age and I CANNOT recommend this phone with the poor performance I have experienced. Its a dissapointment, and a pain in the ear.

I was tired of Nextel's i730.  It was getting old after only a year.  I made the jump to Cingular and the Motorola V551 here in the Metro Detroit Area.  All I can say is WOW!  Reception with Cingular here outranks Nextel 10 to 1.  The Motorola V551 is an amazing phone in such a nice package.  The phone is just the right size.  Not to big like Nextel i730 and not too small like some Samsungs.  Easy to push buttons.  Best screen ever.  Unlike some bigger phones that have a 176X220 2.2" screen, it has a 1.9" 176X220 screen  which makes the resolution really shine.  MP3 ringtones are much clearer then the WAV ringtones that I had.  Only Complainent is that the speaker is not as loud as Nextels.  But nobody can beat Nextel in speaker loudness.

Pros:  Sound / voice quality, great internet, great feel and construction quality.  Bluetooth wireless works great with my wife's new Acura TL hands free link system.  She can make and receive calls in her car with a touch of a button without taking her hands off the wheel.  A great safety issue.  No more wires for the headset (optional)!Concerns:  Battery life is suspect especially if used for internet, camera and prolonged bluetooth applications.  Looks like charging is necessary at least every other day if not daily.  This is probably true for most phones and is a function of battery technology.Wish the font size could be adjusted for many applications especially for text messages.  The small fonts are hard to see for us older folks!It does seem I am pushing more buttons to get to certain applications compared to my old Nokia phone.  Not a big deal.A five star phone for most!

I'm very surprised to see all the horrible reviews.  Maybe it's just a quality control issue and I got lucky.  I got one of the very first of these to roll off the assembly line about a year ago and I did have some problems with that one, but Cingular (quickly and cheerfully) replaced it and I haven't had any problem at all with the replacement.  The volume is decent and I won't claim it drops no calls, but not many.  There are too many dead spots in the Cingular coverage areas but otherwise I don't have much problem.  The speaker phone is outstanding--loud and clear.  I usually use a bluetooth headset and that function is wonderful.  The phone is fairly rugged and although I carry it in my pocket, it's surprisingly free of "wear-and-tear" scratches or scrapes that I've put on other phones.  The camera and video functions aren't anything to brag about but Motorola never intended it as a high quality camera and the pictures are more than adequate.  The zoom in/out feature helps improve the quality of the pictures.The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of a handful of annoyances.  The phone has a tendency to change ringtones apparently from bumping the buttons on the outside of the phone and finding the menu to change it back isn't as easy or intuitive as it could be.  It also has a quick (and way too easy) record button on the side of the phone.  Although I can see how some people might find the function useful, it's not something I ever use.  Frequently I hit the button and I have to go clear out a bunch of accidental recordings periodically.  I'd much prefer that they put a bluetooth toggle switch in that spot where it would be handy to swap back and forth between the headset and phone.  That can be done but not as easily as I'd like.  I also find the perpetual "no-voice-names" message that I get when the phone makes contact with the bluetooth extremely annoying.  When it pops up it overrides anything I'm doing such as dialing.  It seems to think I'm unaware that I didn't have any voice names and it has to keep reminding me over and over again.  Yeah, I still know!  Still don't need them!  That message along with one that tells me that the bluetooth is connected has to be cleared before the phone can be dialed or answered or anything else.  If it pops up while I'm attempting to answer a call, it will frequently disconnect the call when I exit out of the message screen.  There is a symbol at the top of the screen that shows when the bluetooth is connected so the message is redundant anyway.  One other thing I don't care for much is the charger Motorola uses on most (maybe all) of their phones.  The cable doesn't merely slip into the phone like the Nokia and Samsung models I've used in the past, but these have a hook-like connector and I've broken a few trying to get them to connect.  Why make that so difficult?  Luckily chargers--along with other accessories like batteries or phone covers--are cheap and readily available on ebay.Those little irritations are pretty minor compared to the overall usefulness of the phone.  Maybe it's because this is my first bluetooth phone, but I've really enjoyed it.  It's a nice size and the surface is easy to grip and hold.  I've been very satisfied with this phone. Let me just add that my brother uses this same phone and although we share some of the same complaints, he doesn't have problems with his and he's happy too.

I can't believe I'm having this problem.The phone has a horrible time staying on.  My old Nokia 3360 had a 7 day standby!IF I get a full charge, the most it will do standby is almost 2 days.  If I use it for more than an hour total, or about 4-5 text messages, I have to fully recharge it.Certain days I will get up, and see a full 3 bars of battery meter.  I think Motorola made that as a joke.  By lunch, it goes from 3 bars to 0, without progressing through the 2nd bar, and without giving me any failing battery tones, like it is supposed to.  From full to ZERO in Zero seconds flat.  Impressive.  I think Motorola spent 6 months developing a practical joke machine.The local Cingular office has given me replacement batteries, I am on my 3rd in 10 months.  Even new batteries don't fix it, but Cingular is telling me it should.Now, lets get to another feature someone else has already spoken of.  GETTING the thing to charge is a chore.I plug it in, and, NOTHING!  My old Nokia would charge right up.I have to unplug and replug and poke around the recharge cord.  I seem to have better luck plugging the phone in, then plugging it into the wall, but that only takes 3 times.And a great feature of my old Nokia 3360, if the battery is dead, you can use it by plugging it into the wall!Can my v551 do that?  NO!  It needs to charge for at least 2 hours before it will even turn on.Please consider another phone.

a fully charge battery does not even last for 2 day with minimal talk (30min or less)..I even turned off all features (bluetooth, MP3 ringtones...) and turn the screen to dimmest, got a new battery, but none of them helps, ... Motorola support adknowledged that lots of ppl complain about the battery life.You will need to purchase software and cable if you want to sync contacts and calander with outlook or manage photos.... i've used similar software from siemens and Nokia, both vendors provide the software for free on their website and they work 1000 times better than Motorola's...i usually change my phone every year, but i did not keep this moto v551 for a month.

After reading some of the reviews here, I was a bit hesitant to buy this phone, but decided to anyway since it came with a rebate. Many people said that the battery doesn't last very long.  I'm sure these people did not read the instructions; in particular, the part that said to let the battery die out completely before charging it for the first few times. After doing this, my battery lasts a few days, which is good considering how much I use the phone. The bluetooth feature is awesome. I transferred mp3's from my computer to the phone and used them as ringers. I can also import my contact s from outlook, which is nice since I don't have to key in all my old numbers into my new phone.

I first got an LG phone, that was much better than this piece of junk. I was having major problems with service, dropped calls, weak signal, etc so Cingular told me it was the phone (not true) and had me 'upgrade' to the V551 instead. What a mistake that was, and they wouldnt take it back. I'm on my third now, and every one has had a charging issue as I'm sure others have stated. It also has a mind of its own and randomly turns on and off when it feels the urge. The signal bounces around like a pogo stick at times, and the sound quality and volume sucks especially with an earpiece or bluetooth. My wife's cheapo Samsung is 100x better and has none of these issues. The menus are difficult to navigate and the way the phone fights you and randomly pauses and crashes and shuts on and off reminds me of Windows. I even told that to a Motorola designer who so happens to design their phones and his lack of response only confirms my suspicion.I will never buy another Motorola product after owning this phone.

So I chose this over the Razr because of all the rotten reviews and complaints I've heard from people who own it.  I almost wish I had gone with the Razr (just for the looks).  This phone is great and sounds clear - I have great reception and get better reception than my boyfriend who has the same carrier. The sound is clear and the menu options are waaaay better than I remember. (I was against Motorola because I liked the Nokia menus)  The only problem I see is that on the pictures I saw through Amazon the picture caller ID fills up the entire screen - NOT TRUE - I got this phone excited to try out the picture caller ID and once I assigned a pic and got my first call on it I opened it to see a dinky little picture within a small menu pop up.  Worthless!  I don't even use it now.  I have looked up online and checked the manual to fix this problem with NO luck.  It is slightly irritating and now that I have been looking longer the ericsson s710a looks to be awesome and as soon as I can upgrade I am getting that phone!  Which brings me to another gripe - I love Amazon BUT Amazon does not allow exchanges!  Come on - I got this phone for the great deals BUT my mom got the same phone for free at the Cingular store and has the option to exchange it.  I thought Amazon was great with their cell phone deals but I would never do it again - just go to the carrier themselves - believe it or not they have just as good deals with exchange options and their rebates don't take 8 months to redeem (slight exageration but still...)  Read closely to note that rebates from Amazon require a paid cingular bill so it will be quite a while before you see a rebate check.  Otherwise great phone and so far great service carrier (I was at t-mobile previously - glad I switched).  And not to go on forever - but those switching to cingular will be pleased with the service and network calling but will be disappointed with their media plans.  text messaging and browsing are charged at ridiculous prices.  Also their ringtones and graphics charge not just for the ringtone but also for the download of it.  HORRIBLE compared to tmobile.

I would like to point out to all the people that have reviewed this phone as bad because of service that the service has nothing to do with the phone and if you have cingular you will have the same service with this phone as any other cingular phone. My friend uses this phone and we have great cingular service in our area.

I've had this phone for 2 years and it has served me well. It was my first cell phone and has proven to be very durable based on the countless times I accidentally dropped it. All it did was bounce around. The features are good - camera, speaker phone, video, and messaging. I've recently upgraded from this phone and went with another brand, but this was simply because I wanted something different and nothing at all to do with this phone. This phone is good. And I would recommend it.

Short Answer:Do not buy!Long Answer:I had this phone and its predecessor. I never had a good conversation with it. It drops calls constantly...one of the replacements even neglected to tell cingulars servers that it had ended the call and would tack on five or ten minuets. A Cingular representative agreed that this could be possible! So unless you want to waist gas trying to get this phone to work do not buy it!

I've just finished dealing with Cingular Wireless almost 2 months after trying their service.  One reason I tried it out (switching from Sprint) was because they offered me a "Risk Free 30 Day Trial."  I took this Motorola phone home with me that night and it wouldn't work in my apartment.  I tried to return it the next day and switch my number to Verizon (which does work beautifully!).  It takes a day or two to "port" the numbers so I missed Cingular's 3-day window to return.  They couldn't transfer the number quickly enough so I was charged the activation fee.  A couple days later, after talking several times with Cingular and Verizon reps, I got my Verizon phone sending and receiving calls and returned the Cingular phone.I received my second bill last week because Cingular didn't think I returned my phone.  30 minutes at the store I got the phone today cleared up that problem (good thing my work is flexible) and I was told I still owe $61.It appears I am paying prorated charges for the calls I made for those 6 days of service, plus all applicable taxes to every municipality in the area, and for the activation, which enabled my phone to work practically nowhere.Cingular's "Risk Free 30-day Trial" is costing me $61.  That's not risk free to me - if you have a 30 day trial, and you say I can return and get a refund, REFUND ALL THE STINKIN MONEY - NOT JUST PART OF IT!Worst service ever - go to Verizon, where the phones work and the business isn't garbage.

Our household uses two of these phones - one local and one that  travels around the country.  We've had both for a year and a half, and have never had a problem with them.Nice weight, easy-to-use features, keypad large enough for larger fingers.Have used a variety of headsets with this phone, and the phone worked great with all of them (the problems we had were with the headset, not the phone).Camera takes some decent pics.  Vibrate feature - unlike other phones - is strong enough to actually feel it.Have never had a problem with reception... even with one antenna bar, you can still manage to hang onto the call.The only problem we've ever had (other than the various headsets) was with the wireless service.  My previous Motorola lasted over 10 years.  I hope these last at least half that long.  I'm sure they will.All in all, a pretty decent phone for the money!

If it were not for the poorly written, nearly useless manual, and a few issues, I'd give this phone 5 stars. That being said, so far it's a very good phone, packed with many features! Prior to purchasing the V551, I'd owned a sturdy Kyocera (2135) and wanted something similairily solid, and not "disposable" as many new wireless phones are.Upon searching for a new phone, I was dismayed at the tiny, delicate, hard-to-dial/use phones on the market!!!! I own a real digital camera and was not interested in one on a phone, but the durability, easy-to-dial layout and sound qaulity of the V551 sold me!Unlike some of the "obviously" fragile, ultra small, light wieght phones now so popular, the V551 is well made, with a durability factor standard for Motorola. The user interface is NOT very "user" friendly compared to a Nokia or Kyocera. But for the core phone/voice mail features I'm finding my way. No thanks to the poorly writen, incomplete manual!The sound quality is superb over other "tinny" sounding minature phones I tested. The ring tones that come with the phone are good, though more business sounding rings are preferred for the adult business crowd : ) The vibrate mode is good. The blue texture is very nice -- I slapped a case on it anyway, to preserve the finish and have a saftey strap that I like.Other reviewers have suggested there are problems with the text messaging interface, but I don't do text messaging so I don't know. The internet capability is a good feature, I'll investigate later. Unfortunately, the net access button is easy to accidentally hit due to it's location.I have fairly large fingers and did not want the hassle of hard-to-dial "dainty" keypads. This is one of the wider flip-phone models -- it's fairly easy to dial, even with gloves on. Dialing with gloves on? Yes! One does find the need to dial with gloves on in colder regions!! : )As a flip-style phone, I like the security of knowing it's off when I close it. The weight and bulk some complain about is what attracted me to the phone. It feels substantial in my hand and when opened it feels phone-like and cradles my face well.The one phone number per name is unfortunate -- a hiearchical phone book allowing multi-numbers under one name is perferred. I am working on customizing the short-cut features to allow smoother functioning for frequently used items. The speaker phone is excellent and I will try out the blue-tooth capabilities soon.For my basic phone needs I am very satified with the Motorola V551. And it's nice to know I have more "advanced" features/options for future use as I need them.

I feel battary stand by is not long. Daily i should charge without fail. I feel address book is not so flexible as Nokia.

I was dumb enough to sign over to Cingular from AT&T and this is the phone I got back on Dec 27th to be exact.  Within 30 days I was having problems with the phone and returned it to the store for a new one.  Then in March I had more problems, since it had been more than 30 days I had to return it via mail, now here it is July and yes I am having problems again!!!  I don't think there is any reason why I should need another phone within 7 months!  I am debating on returning this one or payin the $150.00 to cancell my cingular service.  It's absolutely rediculous that I need a 4th phone in 7 months.  My friend has the same phone and got it around the same time I did and she is on her second phone.  I would not recommend this phone to my worst enemy.

This phone replaced my nokia 6340i. (I'm debating returning it)Major Gripe: You CANT unload photos, messages, videos, ringtones, themes ... anything useful via bluetooth to your PC. You have to spend $$$$ per item transfering them over the cingular network! (like .40/pic) WHAT A RIP!Pros: Well built, nice display, outstanding voice signal quality, better "bars" than my nokia, good ring tones, usefulbut low res photos.Cons: No useful direct to bluetooth/pc transfers. It might bepossible to reflash the phone. But, what a money grab!motorola's website raves about all the connectivity this phonehas, and then cingular disables it to pick your pocket.To be fair, it might be possible using a usb cable, Ill writeback and see. If it can't, my phone is going back.

I thought the V551 was a pretty good phone, then had problems with reception that I was unable to resolve. I am not sure if it was Cingular or the phone, as they told me that I had burned out a SIM card (phone?) and that all the subsequent problems were due to the phone. I will give Motorola the benefit of the doubt, although I admit I exchanged it for a treo 650...

I am a a former AT&T; customer, now Cingular "blue".  My first example of this phone had a firmware bug (that is well known on some of the cingular forums) that would cause the phone to reset when you tired to change SKINS.  Also the battery life was under 24 hours.  This phone was locked to AT&T; SIMS and had cingular logos one it (the cingular logo key and start up logos).  It would not work with a Cingular SIM even though it was completely branded Cingular.The replacement phone (new still during 30 day period) had no cingular key or cingular start up screens (only an "MMode" screen.  It came with more ringers and did not have the firmware bug.  I have run it 48 hours on a charge and still had three bars of battery showing.  It too is locked to AT&T; SIMS.For the most part I like this phone.  Bluetooth functionality is not as nice as my Treo 650 (Sprint).  Pictures are fine for 640x480 camera.  Time and caller id are nice on outside.  Size is a bit larger than some but for many users this will be a plus.CONS:Phones are locked so you cant use them with local SIMS if you travel overseas.  Most Cingular/ATT phones are like this but some are easier to unlock than others.MOTO tools is not a free program, they charge for it.  Should be a free download.  You still have to buy the cable.Speaker phone speaker should be on front like the Sprint Sanyos, so you can hear it.PRO'sNice display,Enough ringer options (on the ATT version)Loud enough for meEnough customization to get it to work the way I want.Didn't evaluate data (costs too much on Cingular/att)4 phones unlimited picture/data +100 SMS =40 bucks on Sprint.  Close to 100 on Cingular.Biggest issues are with cingular not this phone, price of data plans and unlocking policy for ATT customers which is they won't EVER do it!

This is a very nice phone with quite a lot of features.  Prices range on this phone from free to as much as $149 or more.  With cingular I got mine for free - well three of them free actually with a recommittment of a 2 year contract.I have found this phone very instinctual to use which is nice and the key pad is easy to use during text messaging (unlike my last one)  The color screen is lovely and great for games - altho- the phone comes with no games.  zero. zip. nada and any games you buy you have to do as a download.  Payment is for the game but you have to pay for bytes as well.  Each game I d/l'ed cost around $5 for the download only (the cost of the game is separate) and they were very standard (not super graphic games). Keep that in mind.I also find the speaker phone helpful in the car altho you still have to flip the phone open to use the speaker which is silly.The two things I dislike about the phone is it is hard to keep from hitting the 'web' button and that connects me to the web and i get charged whether it was a mistake or not.  I cant disable that key without disabling text messaging as well...And I have to say my reception isnt quite as good, but it isnt bad either.  Its a bit of a mix

This is not a bad phone overall.  I tried 3 other phones before settling on this one.  If the contacts are not working then try another cord.  I had the same problem and got a new cord and have n problem now.  Once fully charged I can go all day without needing a charge. It is a little hard to hear on the handset but the earpiece is of excellent volume. The phone is not hard to operate.  The battery is like other slim phones you just have to have patience to assemble it. You can customize the wallpaper and screensaver of your choice. You can rearrange icons also of the order you like.  I am satisfied with this phone but arent we all always looking for something better?

I'm an old AT&T customer. I was going overseas and wanted a Quad phone, so I paid $249.99 for this at the Cingular store, plus $25 to unlock it so I didn't have to upgrade my phone plan from the existing converted AT&T to a new Cingular plan. I am returning it tomorrow. The sound quality is poor, the menus are confusing, and I get no reception at my house or in any of the small towns nearby. The only places I can make or receive calls are the major highways.  I'm keeping my Sony Errickson T616, even though it doesn't work in Asia/India/Africa. The quality is far superior.

I've had this phone for over a month, and have not noticed  any of the bad characteristics this phone seems to be notorious for. It has never frozen, dropped a call, or done anything else that a quality phone wouldn't do. However, the placement of the ring change buttons on the side isn't exactly smart, and the speakers could be louder. The camera is exceptional considering its in a phone, but the video is suprisingly bad. However, this is to be expected, and if you were planning on using the phone as a video recorder, just buy a digital camera. Overall, the phone feels solid and well-built, and is probably capable of withstanding a few good falls. I have read alot of bad reviews on this phone, and I have read excellnt ones. I can only conclude that buying this phone is a "crap shoot", in that you have a chance of getting a good quality phone or a bad one. I personally think this is a superb phone for the price, so I must agree with the other good reviews.

This is the second phone I have had and the speaker in the ear goes bad. Volume will cut out in the middle of the conversation and I have to tap it on something to bring it back.

If I had not been careful, I could have paid Cingular anywhere from $25-100 for this phone within a two day period. Cingular has a serious lack of conformity between it's business units. The online price for this phone was different than the price offered by the business sales group, and different from the one offered at an official Cingular store... and I would have never known about the $50 rebate that was posted two days after I had purchased a qualifying phone if I had not happened to peruse the Cingular website. The transaction to convert 5 individual lines into a single family plan took about 4 hours to complete over the phone after being bounced from department to department.The phone itself is fine and the camera is more usable than I had expected it to me.

I've had this phone for a couple of months now and I am quite satisfied with it so far. the picture/camera quality is far better than my old SE T610 and I love the real mp3 tones that it supports. I make my own little mp3 ring tones on my computer and transfer it to the phone via bluetooth.... that is really cool. Reception is ok, i suppose but definitely better than my old phone. Battery life is average. Also love the speaker phone but the speaker is located on the back of the phone, which does not make much sense. Overall, it's not a bad phone.

Standby time is about 12 hours max. Drops line all the time. A nightmare. Worst cell phone I ever owned.

When switching from my old ATT GSM plan to a new Cingular plan, I was forced to get a new phone to replace my venerable Sony T616. Originally I was leaning very strongly towards the Sony T637- very similar to the T616, and instant messaging that the T616 did not have. However, thanks to a rather slick sales guy, I walked away with the V551.First I have to explain why I got the T616- I loved it because it seemed to be a color, net enabled version of my beloved Nokia 8260. So I never looked for a flip phone- it just seemed so unoriginal. However, the downside of the 8260 and T616 was that their shiny exteriors scratched far too easily.So, I never looked for the V551, however I ended up being very satisfied with it. When looking for a replacement to the T616 I looked for several key qualities- Bluetooth, camera, IM and the ability to fit into the small box shaped indentation of my lower dash on my Isuzu Trooper without sticking up (I didn't want my phone flying around).The V551 satisfied all of these and far more- the camera is 640x480, twice that of my old T616, and decent. The relatively generous 5mb of memory was great, and the ability to record video is highly novel, however I really don't use it. Add to that MP3 ringtones, Bluetooth, a stylish looking shell and I'm happy. However, there are many areas that the V551 took a while to...adapt to.Sony users: This phone's menu structure is slightly more cumbersome than my old T616, however being a teen I quickly readapted. I miss the joystick of the T616- it was far faster than the keypad dial. Along with that is the lack of easily changed skins (which I will get to later) and a cool factor of the T616 that is not found with the V551 (don't get me wrong- its cool, however simply not as low key cool as the T616, get what I mean?).The biggest gripe, however, was the Bluetooth difference between the T616 and V551. The T616. coming from Sony Ericsson allows me to access all Bluetooth features available through my Bluetooth dongle's interface, including the very important Serial connection via Bluetooth, allowing for the use of DataPilot software without a cable. To use DataPilot on the V551 I needed a cable, as its Bluetooth is far more limited in capability. The V551's Bluetooth controls are far more basic than the T616, not allowing for the more detailed control that I needed. Basically, the Bluetooth on the V551 was an afterthought- its decent for the Bluetooth microphone, and transferring files, but that is it.Second- low level access. One thing I loved to do with the T616 was save my text messages- something that I initially could not do with the V551. However, after discovering the USB cable I did FINALLY discover some tools that allowed me to backup my text messages, however like any new phone it took a while for these tools to appear on the net. Also, adding skins to the T616 was as easy as plopping them on the phone. On the V551 it is not only far more difficult to design skins (you need some special tools not provided by Motorola) but also difficult to put them on the phone.There is also the auto-lock, which basically means the phone is locked once you turn it on. I never turn my phone off, I just put it on silent, so this is useless. I miss the timer auto-lock of my Sony, although that was necessary due to the exposed keypad. You need to manually lock the phone if you want to keep others out.The phone tools I have discovered (even though it took some time) are excellent, giving me very low level access allowing for all sorts of modification from the operating system to hidden features. A major plus over the T616.Despite these drawbacks, the other features compensate very nicely. I have had some of the battery issues, however they seemed (strangely) to have gone away- it is possible that one needs to "break in" the battery for a few weeks, as I don't notice battery problems anymore. Standby is excellent, talk-time is decent. The battery meter is poor, with only 3 real intervals (2,4,6- I have never seen it at 1,3,5).I have to say that after 5 months I am very happy with this phone, it is a great all around device. Sony users be warned that it may just take some time to adapt.

I've had three Nokias in a row, but I switched to the V551 after trying my wife's flip phone.  I often talk in a noisy setting, where flip phones tend to beat out "candy bar" phones.  I really like the form and function of this phone.  True, while navigating to different functions is initially clunky compared to the Nokia operating system, once I figured out how to assign shortcuts with the V551, no problem.  The phone receives and transmits good voice quality, and has a decent camera and speaker phone.  I like the fact that it can use any headset equiped with a standard mini-plug, which is a plus compared to the Nokia's non-standard plugs.  However . . .The V551 is noticably inferior to my Nokia 6820 when it comes to reception in areas of weak signal.  I live in a hilly area, and in spots along the road where the Nokia would break up for a second or two, the Motorola drops the call completely.  The phone no longer answers a call upon opening the cover, and the battery charger connection is giving me trouble.  With the three Nokias I've owned previously, I've never had a quality control issue.

Pros:1. good camera2. nice color display3. better contact list than older models like V66, but still not idealCons:1. bad reception -- worse than my V662. drop calls very often -- a service guy told me I have to reboot it once a while!3. the key tone is slower than the speed you type.4. bulky

If it had caught on fire when it rang.Not so great.It tends to lose connection if I put pressure on the screen area, or cause massive static.Seemed cool looking when I got it, but it's pretty awkward, actually.  Even with "maximum bars", it'd often drop, it had a very hard time connecting with online capacity even after several attempts at official maintenance.  Sound would crackle oddly, and the hinge often felt on the verge of overextension.

I have to replace this phone 3 times (all under warranty) before I got one the kinda work and still have problems with that one.I give this a 1 star I would give it a - if I could.I hate this phone so much I can not wait until I can get a new one.*The phone is really slow in everything it does. When you answer it by flipping it open, you have to wait 2 seconds to say "Hello" or the person won't hear you. When you hang up, you have to hit the end call button repeatedly to end the call. When you scroll down the phone book, the scroll is slow. When you access a new menu, for instance office tools, the phone takes a while to go into that menu. I think you get the point...the phone is freakin' slow.*The convenient web-browser button is not so convenient. I keep hitting the darn thing on accident. I try to hit the red end call button ASAP, but since the phone is soooo slow, it takes forever to exit the browser. As a result, a certain # of bytes are transfered and I fork over about 4 bucks to Cingular every month, which pretty much erases my employment discount.*Speaking of rip off, you cannot download a game or ring tones without being double-charged. Cingular charges you for game/ringtone and on top of that charges you for the download when your phone accesses the browser.*When scrolling through the phonebook, trying to find a name, you cannot search for the name. The phone will only let you scroll to the first initial, say an "S" by pressing the 7-button 4 times, then you have to manually scroll down to the name you want. If you try to type the 2nd letter of a person's name, let's say a "C" for Scott, the phone will take you to all of the C's (Chris, Carter, Cynthia, you get the idea). This drives me nuts.*The camera is terrible. The camera's eye is inverted into the phone's casing, causing dirt to build up and cover the camera's lens. Thinking that the quality issues will be solved by cleaning the lens, i couldn't be more wrong. The phone appears to take decent pics, but when you save a pic that looks good to the phone and then go to view it later, the pic is blurry as hell. I don't understand why it looks fine before it is saved, and so completely horrible later. The funny thing is, i'm not exaggerating.* When taking pictures to use for your wallpaper, it's extremely hard to get a picture centered. The phone lets you choose if you want to have a full-screen wallpaper, centered, or tiled. But for some reason, some of the pictures you take cannot be centered. I took a pic of a logo of my favorite sports team to apply as my wallpaper, but when doing so half of the logo would be cut off, no matter which of the 3 settings i chose. It took me an hour to get the wallpaper i wanted because of quality issues (blurring) and centering problems i endured.*You cannot save text messages that you are in the process of writing. If someone calls you when you are writing an essay of a text, you have to start all over... yes you are screwed. The phone doesn't save all the work you have done to the "drafts". If you close the phone during a text or accidently hit the red end call button(the universal button on cell phones that takes you back a screen or to the phones main screen) which is next to the "3" or "def" button, the phone won't save your draft to the drafts. I don't understand why the phone even has a drafts function since you cannot even manually save a text message to the drafts. The only way the phone saves a message to the drafts is if someone textes you while you happen to be writing a text (yes, during those eventual text messaging wars with the girlfriend).*Drop calls. I pretty much get reception everwhere. However, in my bedroom and living room, where i do get full reception, I will lose a call between every 1 and 3 minutes. Funny, cause i will have full service, then i hear static, then nothing, but the other person can hear me, so i look at by bars which are incrementally decreasing, which then i hit the end call button (remember repeatedly because the phone is slow), and when the phone finally ends the call, a few seconds later all of the bars shoot back up and the phone is fine. This process repeats.*Charging is slow. If the phone does die completely, you can forget about using it for the next 30 min to an hour, cause that's exactly how long it takes for the phone to get enough power to start up again. If you try to power the phone before that, it will shut off before it starts up all the way, and you have to wait even longer to use it. Don't forget to charge it every night if you are a heavy talker or you'll be using pay phones the next day. Also, i don't know if this is just my phone or if it is quite common....Apparently the male end of the charger that connects to the wall, and the female end on the phone has a loose contact. My phone will only charge if i keep the charger's connector pressed to the right. I don't know if that makes sense, but because of the wiggle room caused by the design of the forked shaped connector, the phone will only charge if you keep the adapter from wiggling and to the right.Batt life is bad I have to have a charger every wheres I go (work,car,home,girlfriends house) I have to charge it every night or the next day the phone is a paper weight.*I'll get a blank or white screen sometimes. I don't know why but it seems as if the phone freezes for about 10 seconds, but then goes back to the main screen and is fine. It's bizarre. Also the phone will not let me switch skins. When i try to switch skins the phone goes through this freezing process. I think i read from another review that there's a bug or somehting, but it seems that when you open up the box of your 551, "you never know what you're gonna get."*You cannot use the phone's cool features, such as voice dialing; assining #'s as work, home, cell, pager; assinging pics to phone #'s; etc...unless the phone # is saved to the phone. That would be fine, but the phone does not allow you to save the # to both the cell and the SIM without making duplicate entries in the phone's phone book. Yes, that means it takes even longer to scroll through the phone book. So, if you transfer a # to the phone but do not leave a copy on the SIM (because you do not like seeing duplicate entries in the phone book), you cannot use your SIM in another phone and have the same #'s. Or if something happened to your v551 but not your SIM, the #'s would be lost. It's just dumb technology to me....My ancient Nokia and even more ancient phone before that could store the same # on both the phone and the SIM without making a duplicate entry. I do have one # with a duplicate entry in my phone book, and when i select her name to send her a text message, it checks off both entries even though i select only 1 of them. I'm not sure if i'm being charged twice for sending 1 message.*When I first got this phone my friend would say that he texted me and called me, but I wouldn't get a text or a missed call (guess how many fights that caused?).He thought i was crazy until he borrowed my phone one day and witnessed it hiself. I didn't somtimes receive any calls, voicemails, or text messages for hours sometimes a day. Right when i thought i was a total loser, my phone started blowing up with 3 hours, 2 days, and 1 day old messages that were back logged. Yes my phone was on the whole time, yes i restarted it during the three days, and yes i could make outgoing calls.Don't buy this P.O.S. Go with the much LIGHTER and sleeker .I would never buy another Motorola again after such a bad impression with the Motorola V551.

I've had this phone for months now. It seems to work good for me. I sometimes get dropped calls, I don't know if its cingular or the phone. It takes excellent pictures. All the features it describes works perfectly. I like it better than most other phones I've seen ppl using. You can't beat the deal on amazon anywhere.

I almost totally hate it.  I think I'll be finding a way to go back to using my much better, old Nokia 6800. As usual, it's a wierd, unintuitive, takes time figure out and work around its bugs and wierdness, Motorola phone. It is better than past Moto phones, though.The only thing this one has over the Nokia 6800 is better voice quality, which may be more about the old ATT service than the phone.Battery life & charging: though mine is doing semi-okay in that department, my old Nokia is 10 times better.My biggest complaint with this phone is the way it stores and searches for contacts.  A Nokia phone can handle 200 as easily as 15. With a Moto, the more you have, the more cumbersome it is to use.  Say you have a dozen or so contacts that start with "M", all it can do is go to the start of the M's and then scroll very slowly to the one you want.Want back up your contacts to the SIM card (like you would on a Nokia? Oops, now you have multiple entries showing for each contact.  You have two choices, delete the ones on the SIM individially (which means many, many, delete key sequences), or buy the software to do it from your PC.Want to back up your phone contacts to your PC? Upload an application? You have to BUY software to do that.  Nokia provides it free for their phones.So yep, if you have a serious use for this phone, order the software to manage the thing from your PC now.By the way, the Software w/Bluetooth from MobileAction is working okay for backing up/editing the phonebook.  Their Bluetooth driver is still something to be desired, though.Something you need to do right away is lock out the web button which is right next to the talk button.  You'll quickly figure out why.Hey Motorola, you taking notes?  You've been competing with Nokia how long now?  You complain about Nokia's market share?  You really need start getting away from doing things by committees filled with people that don't have a need for a cell phone other than to call their kids.

This is the 4th phone from Cingular. The first 3 V600's were dropping calls every 18-21 minutes. Defect in the phones. They were nice to replace it with a V551. It too is dropping calls. The non-ability to use voice dial is a crime. The videos aren't worth anything..just a novelty. When the phone hangs on to calls, the voice quality is good, the features are fine, and the bluetooth is priceless.  While the dropped calls may be a motorola thing, I've never experienced so many dropped calls (in a major metro area) on the other carriers I've had. They have good customer service. My suggestion is to get a Sony-Ericsson or to use another carrier altogether.

I have used this phone for a year now and love it. I haven't had any of the problems others are listing.Fits comfortably in the hand.Bright display.Good reception and voice quality.Voice dialing great and works with Bluetooth headset. Can set the phone to vibrate when you need to be quiet. Have used camera function to take some fairly good pictures-it is a PHONE after all. The only thing I would improve on is having more memory for voice dialing.

I've had it only a couple weeks but so far I am very impressed.First the downside.  I agree with another reviewer that the battery life has been dissapointing-- hoping it will improve over time as the manual claims.  And I've had 3 dropped calls in a week.  On Sprint with my little Sanyo I dropped 3 calls maybe in 2 years!  The signal for both companies is pretty good in my house.  I went with Cingular cuz of the GSM SIM card to put phone # in cuz I broke the screen on my Sprint phone and couldn't read the #s!  But I copied the SIM #s to the Motorola's book and now I see 2 sets of each name... help!I'm amazed you can get this level of phone free with service.  Speakerphone, video camera, Bluetooth-- amazing!  I'm most excited about the bluetooth to get my pictures out and use as wireless modem.  Haven't done it yet, so anyone please comment on how the wireless modem feature would work with a Cingular plan... Another reviewer mentioned it takes a lot of menus to get to the Bluetooth function.  You can customize one of the 4 "home keys" (the directional pad) to jump immediately to that function.  I've got mine set for bluetooth, calendar, phonebook, and calculator.  This phone is very customizeable.

If I could charge the phone, it would be fine. My biggest frustration, as with many other reviews that I've seen, is that the charger doesn't connect and so you have to wriggle it to make it recognize the connection.I drop this phone all the time and it's held up nicely. It's a bit bulky and I'm ready to get into a smaller phone, but voice quality is fine, and I don't have as many dropped calls as I've had with other Motorola and Nokia phones.A tip: Radio Shack sells car charger that's really cool and fits the phone perfectly. It has adaptable attachments on it that can fit any cell phone so when and if you get rid of your current cell phone, you only have to spend $10 to get a new tip for the charger instead of $30 or $40 for a whole new set-up.

I bought this phone in replacement of my lost v400, I was really excited about this new model I got, however, not everything's perfect, I'd like to share with my thought with whoever will buy this phone, but again, the choice is yours :)(...)the good1. good battery2. SUPERB DISPLAY, there are 3 themes came with the phone, nice and pretty3. you can take videos4. good reception, headset and speakerphone works great(...)the bad1. camera quality is SURPRISINGLY low, my old v400 took better picture than v551 :(, for example, when you switch your phone to night view in the dark, it will start picking up any brightness(such as street lamp) and that one single light source will WASH OUT the entire picture completely, very disappointed2. I wish they have better design for the look of the phone(outside)3. polyphonic ringtone is great, but you can't hear it too well even if you turn it to loud mode(unless you set your ring to be "siren" or "continental", those are pretty loud)4. the video file you took will be in '3gp' format, which I have no idea what kind of software can play it if I transfer it onto my pc, I guess it can only be view on the phone(...)I hope these comments help!*answer to the question from below, you move your cursor to the time you want to edit, below the screen you'll see "disable" click on that to disable/enable the alarm clock, if you want to edit it, simply click on the stript bar(the bottom with 3 horizontal line) and choose "edit", you should be able to edit your time...good luck, if any more question, feel free to e-mail me

This is a great phone with some very good features. I just swithched from TMobile since the servic coverage was lousy in my area (ohio). The cingular coverage is great here and the phone is great.+&#62;Speakerphone - The speaker phone is very clear, Both parties can hear & talk clearly on this.&#62; Camera - The camera takes pretty good quality pics, though not like a regular digital camera but as along as it you just want to capture pics for the moment, it's good.&#62; Bluetooth - works awesome! I connected my jabra bt 250 with the phone, and it works great. I leave the phone in the living are and use the jabra on the 2nd floor, and it works just fine.&#62; Good feel of the phone, nice rubbery outer feel to the phone.&#62;I was also able to download some ringtnes from wap sites, so that works nice. My friends from outside USA were able to send me ringtones which worked just fine on this phone.&#62; You get it for free.CONS (minor)&#62; You cant activate the speakerphone without opening the phone & also the speakerphone is behind the phone.

The phone is a real cool phone but there is somethings that are wrong, or could be made better.  For one the buttons aren't down far enough, so after a while of opening and closing the phone, you start to get marks on the side of the screen.  It has a voice recorder, but it only records for like up to two minutes.  The other thing I don't like is when you put a number in the address book, and then add a home phone number and e-mail to the name, it shows up each seperatly, instead of all  being grouped together under one name. Also, Unless I just can't figure it out, I don't think you can play voice records on speaker phone. But other than that its a pretty good phone.

I just purchased the V551 through Cingular to replace my Samsung A620 that I had with Sprint. Over all the phone is nice but there are a few things that are of issue.1.) The standard battery needs to be recharged often. If you have the bluetooth feature turned on it drains even quicker. The first time I used the phone the battery drained in 2 days and that is with very low talk time. The manual states that battery time will increase after the first few charges so we will see if that is true. I would like to get an extended battery but haven't seen one for sale yet.2.) Dropped calls. Not sure if it is the Cingular service but I have had more dropped calls in the first few days then I ever had with Sprint and my Samsung A620. On the plus side my signal strength is better with this phone and Cingular but that hasn't paid off in better phone calls.3.) Bluetooth- there needs to be an easier way to turn the bluetooth feature on and off. I only use it while in my bluetooth enabled Acura TL so I would like to turn it off easily when not in the car to save battery time. With this phone you have to go through several menus to get the the bluetooth off feature.On the plus side there are some things I like about the phone.1.) Quality seems very good so far.2.) Screen resolution is good and bright.3.) Bluetooth works great in my Acura TL. The signal strength and incoming caller id shows up on my car display, pretty cool. I can talk hands free via the bluetooth setup and the cars built in voice system, pretty cool as well.

Update to my Jul 25 Review, July 31, 2005Reviewer: Peter (Tres Pinos, CA United States) - See all my reviewsWell I'm upgrading my review from 4 stars to 5, now that I've had the phone two weeks. The phone works flawlessly (except in dead areas).And to all those complaining about the names appearing multiple times for different numbers, there is an easy fix...go to address book/phonebook menu/setup/change view/to primary contact. Then you will only see each name listed once. Selecting the name will show all the numbers for that person.Also, my battery life is exceptional. I took the suggestion of another poster and charge the phone (with it off) overnight. The charge lasts for days and days.In summary...a GREAT phone.Origninal post follows:I purchased this phone because it was one recommended by Acura for my TL (I want to use the Bluetooth technology).  It was a snap to link to the car and the reception and clarity of the car phone is just like a landline phone...you can't tell the difference.I was disappointed my Samsung x426 (formally AT&T;)Simm card was not comptible with the V551.I am noticing the battery charge only lasting about a day and a half or less....but I have been playing with it constantly....adding over 60 names/numbers, taking photos, leaving bluetooth on, etc.If the battery life becomes an issue I'll try turning off the bluetooth when I'm out of the car.  I like being able to make "bluetooth" one of the soft keys.  I made the other soft key "camera" and personalized all of the arrow buttons.Several times I've accidently hit the Cingular button, which connects you to the internet.  I'll have to wait until the first bill arrives to see the damage.Yes, the manual does have a lot to be desired but luckily my 16 yr old granddaughter was here and she configured it for me in just minutes (without looking at the manual).So far I've mainly used the phone through the hands free link in the car so I can't comment on using the phone by itself.It does take pretty good pictures and I like the fact those pictures can be your wallpaper.I live in a remote area and usually get 4 bars....I always had 5 bars with my Samsung x426.Now I'm trying to decide if I should get the USB cable and Moto software...I really do want to use the calendar feature (link to Outlook) but I'm afraid the software/setup may be over my head.  Any comments on the software?Thanks,Peter

I bought the Motorola V551 about 2 months ago and what can I say other that this phone is awesome! I love everything on this phone. I especially love the fact that when I take a picture that I can set it as my wallpaper. I also love the MP3 ringtones. It has rubber around the edges for style and also so it wont drop out of your hands as easily as other phones. I have had no problems with this phone what-so-ever! All has been just dandy!!!

I love this phone. It takes good pictures and video. I'm still trying to figure out if it takes more then 10 seconds of video though. When you are typing a text message or names in your phone book this phone will auto suggest what it thinks you are  trying to say which I like, its less typing for me. Dropped calls and service all depends what area you are in. I'm in a populated area so I don't have to worry about that but when I'm in an area where all the houses are 2 miles a part I have no service. It is not the phone, it's the provider.

Overall the phone is very stylish but lacks in all other areas.Pros-Stylish great looking phone-Bluetooth capableCons-Build quality feels cheap, most of the ones I have encountered begin making a snapping or cracking noise after a short time when you open or close the phone-Terrible reception-Earpeice volume is nearly impossible to hear even at highest volume-Screen is impossible to see outdoors

I got the Motorola V551 as a replacement for a broken Nokia phone that was no longer being offered by Cingular.On a side note, Cingular was very helpful with replacing my faulty Nokia 6230.  The agent gave me the option between two replacement phones, a Motorola and a Siemens (I picked the Motorola because it was a flip phone and the Siemens was a candy bar style), and they shipped it to me via UPS overnight at no cost to me.  Plus, return shipping for my broken phone was free as well.But back to the Motorola V551. :)What I like about the phone:-Reception is better in all places than my old Nokia 6230-Sturdy construction; the outside is part rubber, part mettallic, and feels solid-All the major features are covered, i.e. Bluetooth, camera phone for pictures and video, mp3 ringtones, AOL IM, text and multimedia messaging, etc.-Big, bright, clean display and good keypad; I would struggle with candybar phones because the keys tended to be smallWhat I don't like:-It can take a lot of key pressing to get what you want done; for example, adding phone numbers is a bit cumbersome; the keystroke count could have been reduced in most instances-Battery life isn't very good, or at least not Nokia-good; you'll be charging this phone nightly-You can't specify a contact's phone number; for example, if Bob's home number is 312-555-1212 and his cellphone is 312-121-5555, you can't add a note to distinguish the two; they'll just say Bob 312-555-1212 and Bob 312-121-5555 in the phonebook; it'd be nice to be able to know which number is his cell and which is the homeAll in all, the pros definitely outweigh the cons.  I picked up an OEM beltclip from eBay for $7, and a data cable as well.  With the price of this phone being negative after rebate, you can't go wrong with the Motorola V551 if you are looking for a solid, all-around flip phone with all the important features.

I've had this phone for more than a year now and finally broke down and replaced it.  I am writing from my own experiences and that of my friends who also own it.  On average, I was able to get less than 24 hours standy-by time (that's right, without talking at all).  The bluetooth is flaky and cuts out often.  The charger connection is fairly delicate and sometimes falls out.  Really, the only redeeming value of the phone is it's terrific display.  I got the phone for $50 and still felt that I got ripped off by this phone.  Just don't buy it.

I've had wireless devices for 20 years. This is the worst one. I have had to return my Moto V551 phone 2 times and replace the battery once. The first time was within the 30 day Cingular warranty for volume problems. The second was for volume and bluetooth not working. After 30 days you can only get a refurbished phone up to 1 year via the provided Cingular warranty.- Battery Time is awful. I get about a day out of a charge.- The volume level is too low. You can't hear callers.- The camera/video quality is very low.- Bluetooth to PC usage is cumbersome.- When you open the shell beyond what is I find to be an uncomfortable angle to use, it feels as if it will break off.- Your stuck with the case it comes with. No color options I am aware of.- Official Motorola Accessories, cases, headset, etc. can be found at WalMart and at cheaper proces than the Cingular store.In addition. Since migrating from ATT,  I have found Cingular to rate at an unacceptable level for Customer Service, repair, dropped calls, return merchandise, hold time, customer side web site not functioning, etc.It has been my experience that the "Sony T637" and just about any Nokia device are a better choice. Cingular is the best deal pricewise in my neighborhood but you get what you pay for...

Others covered most of my pros and cons.Big Problem. The phone can't be used while charging. It's a big deal, because charges are frequent and looooooooonnnnnnnggggggggg. Lots of downtime with this phone.Pro.  I get long periods of quiet-time when the phone isn't working.Second Problem. Browsing and text messaging will happen frequently and accidentally unless you are very, very careful.Pro.  I am no longer internet illiterate, and have really enjoyed the strange people I've been text messaging.Third Problem. I bought this phone for my wife, too, and she won't let me forget it.Pro.  She can't call me to complain about it.p.s. If someone can figure out how to use this phone while it's charging.. I'll post a correction to this review, and, maybe my wife will start talking to me again.

I have had this phone for about a week, and I couldn't be happier. It has every feature you can think of, and calls are crystal clear even when on speakerphone. It is the nicest looking phone that I've seen besides the i860 and v3, but those are over $300.00. I got my V551 direct from Cingular for $150.00. The camera takes great pictures and the video feature is pretty cool. Picture caller id is awesome. BlueTooth means no more paying for ringtones or wallpapers. I used to have GSM w/ AT&T and they SUCKED! Cingular has been nothing but a great experience for me so far and I love this phone.

When verizon was charging me too much for simple features, i wanted to switch. I came upon the cingular 250 plan with the v551. The v551 has quad band for international roaming and the sim card is 64k for now because cingular and at&t are intergrating there networks. I used to be a huge CDMA fan and leieve that the IS2000 connection was fast. Cingulars GSM has improved its signal, claritiy. The phones feel is nice with the rubberized covering. The speakerphone is amazing!. The service is amazing clear and perfect. The phone has themes and everything. The video is a bit blurry, but its VGA what can you expect. The camera is nice and the contrast and zoom are awesome. You can assign peoples names to pictures and picture id's. The phones bluetooth i have not tried out yet but i will be buying a handset soon. Amazon is amazing because if you buy this phone you will get 150.00 back!!.. This phone is a must buy

Cingular and Amazon.com have not yet established a method for  customers to transfer their current number to a new Cingular account.  Unfortunately, in order to port your previous number, Cingular will cancel the  account that Amazon.com activated and will activate a new account with the  ported number. This process makes you ineligible for the Amazon.com  rebates. We hope to offer a porting option in the coming months, so please check back at [...].

I switched to Cingular from Sprint because of the increased national coverage.  I don't like the phone and I don't like the service!  The phone first; I can't see the screen outdoors!  Non intuitive menus. Sometimes it charges; sometimes it doesn't! I too, have also hit the Cingular button and been connected to the internet..and billed for it!  You can only press the number buttons so fast.  Try punching in a number with the speaker on! A few more onboard ringtones would have been nice too.  As for the service; The phone doesn't work in my apartment.  I live 10 mins from downtown Philadelphia.  It doesn't work in my girlfriend's apartment in Cranford NJ. Tons of dropped calls.  Very unreliable service.  And why do they make it so hard to get a rebate??  My advice is to try somebody else.

I have had so many cell phones but have stayed with the same carrier (Cingular, which is great), but this one is the best.  My last phone was a Sony Ericsson T226, the worst phone ever, so coming from there to this phone is quite the upgrade.  As many have mentioned, the video quality is not that great, but what do you expect from a phone?  I am very satisfied.  I use the camera a lot more than I expected and there is quite a bit of storage.  The game-yes just one-is just a demo and it sucks, but you can easily buy the full thing or another one, I'm just cheap.  The phone book is a little irritating in that my names are there about 3 or 4 times depending on how many numbers I have for that one person.  I tried scrolling down to "more" when adding names but they are still listed more than once.  But the categories are great and very useful.  I love the bluetooth capability too, I plan on buying the HP photosmart 475 printer with the adapter so I can wirelessly print my phone's pictures-sooooo cool!  The surface of the phone is quite fragile, though.  I wear mine on a belt clip and I tend to walk too closely to walls I guess because I get a new scratch it seems weekly, but while it was still all new and shiny, it was very sharp looking.  Overall, a great phone for the everyday user who knows how to read a manual.  Hope this was helpful.

I don't know why people are so negative. Maybe they should blame the service provider instead of the cellphone. I have an excellent cellular service provider so therefore my cellphone is used to the max and performs consistantly.This is my 3rd Motorola after previously owning a Nokia (which I will never go back to) and this is the best Motorola I've had. The sound is clear and crisp and the display is excellent. When I have the sound set to loud, it is LOUD!!!!I have a stronger signal in my "known" weak cellular zones and I've had fewer dropped calls. My phone doesn't take that long to charge and I keep it on 24/7 and have my display and backlighting kept to the very minimal to conserve battery life. The pictures are good for a camera phone, but that is not why I bought this phone. If you want good pictures and video it's best to invest your money in a good digital camera that takes mini-digital movies with highter MP's. A phone is to make and receive calls on, although it is fun to play with.The Motorola manuals are terrible and don't contain detailed information, which is a shame. I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did. I would reccomend it to anyone!!!!!

I really like the clamshell design with the rubberized portions on the front and back. The phone doesn't slide off of tables and car seats like my old phones. I have not had any problems at all with the battery life, I have actually found it to be superior to my Nokia and Sony phones. I use it every day and usually only charge it once a week. Luck of the draw on the batteries I guess. The screen quality is gorgeous and sharp, but the camera gets drowned out by any nearby artificial light source - works fine in sunshine though. The only real problem I seem to have is that the volume on the earpiece just will not turn up past a whisper...I've never had a phone where I have to say, "Excuse me?" so many times when I'm already at top volume. No games, but for me that is not a problem. Good reception and once you figure out the keypad it's very easy to use. Don't depend on the manual to teach you anything though. It is just useless- don't even bother trying. Just use good old trial and error and common sense and you'll be enjoying this phone in no time. I would buy this one again even at full price - which I may have done already if Cingular stiffs me on this rebate like they did on the last one. Time will tell. Very good phone for the money.

It is true. I have told these people that this is my dream phone and they say that the phone is a piece of junk. They always say that the battery looses charge very easy. Dah!!!!!!!!!! if your battery is still full at the end of the day, you don't charge it. It takes the life away from the object that hold's your batteries charge. I am getting a new one because I dropped my phone in the ocean and it broke. 2 day's later it came back on. But it could never stay on. It was always turning on and off. Well, great phone. but as long as it has full charge, don't charge it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I just bought this phone about 3 weeks ago, b/c i wanted to be cool and have mp3 ringtones.  I found the price to be reasonable.  One good thing, is that I don't have any dropped calls, which I did with my Samsung X426.  Other than that, the menus are bulky and not user friendly.  The manual does not tell you how to do anything.The battery on this phone is absolutely scandelous.  I constantly have to have the thing connected to the charger, at home and work, b/c I am afraid that I will actually need the phone in an emergency and the battery will be drained.  The battery will drain the same day after it is charged.  My Samsung could go on standby for over a week.  The battery is NOT ACCEPTABLE.Also, I still cannot figure out how to get the phone to alert me when I have a text message or voice mail.  My Samsung would constantly beep or make noises to notify me that I had a message.  I have lost several messages and spontaneous appointments b/c I am not around my phone when I receive the message, and the phone is not around me.  I would sure hope that this can be changed.  One simple, one time beep is NOT ACCEPTABLE.The volume control sucks also, the loudest volume level is still too soft, you may need a hearing aid to hear the phone ring.I would go with nokia and stay away from motorola, motorola seems to be a company that does not get it.

I was reluctant at first to get this phone for two reasons, (It's clamshell phone and I would have to use Cingular service)When I received it in the mail, I was surprised how small the phone was.  Fits very nicely in my palm and in my pants pocket (Not very big into belt cases).  It has very stylish looks with the blue and silver.  The blue part of the phone has a rubber/matte feel and the silver looks like brushed aluminum.The manual was easy to browse through.  It follows very nicely with my "casually play with settings until I have to read manual" attitude with electronics.  The voice recognition calling is a bit of struggle.  I have to repeat the name twice and eventually it takes.  With my limited knowledge I'm guessing it maybe due to ambient noise (traffic, Radio, other people) I've also had issues with assigning pictures to a contact. Again, I go through the steps (Picture to contact)but somehow I have to do it twice, maybe it's user error.  One feature I do like and use quite often is the speaker phone.  Its great if you need your hands free (ie., Driving, holding baby, typing away on keyboard, etc)As for service with Cingular, I have not been disappointed.  In the past with another service provider...I was not able to get service in my house and only limited service at work if the moons were aligned just right.  However, I now get full bars in my house and every place at work. You can have the most kickass phone on the market, but if you get crappy reception, the phone is useless.  The V551 w/Cingular in Hawaii seems so far to be the best combination and I couldn't be happier.Overall, its a great phone with a crisp, bright display with all the bells and whistles you might want in a phone.  Mahalo and good luck with your seach for the perfect combo in your area.

My CRITERIA for phone.Bluetooth, GMS Global, camera, internet, compact & comfortable flip phone, Significant rebates with service contract.Motorola V551 apparently met all these specs.Connected V551 to my  Power Mac  via built in Bluetooth. Was only able to see photos, but not able to sync contacts and calender from Entourage.  Needed theese contacts on my phones.Found out that I could  only sync via Bluetooth on a PC. My old PC notebook did not include Bluetooth. So I purchased USB Bluetooth adapter and phone tools.  This  package costs about $85 thru Motorola.There were major difficulties in gettting  Bluetooth adapter and Mobile phone tools software to work on Windows XP Pro. ( Incompatable with Service pak 2) Finally successful with Motorola tech help. Phone tools still has a problem. It frequently wants to update itself. The update causes it not to work.The good part about the this adapter is that it will allow this old Pc to to connect to the internet.  I was also able to easily add any of the contacts that I had in Outlook to my phones (2 of them, family talk plan). (However the format automatically was full name, not last name first.  To change format I would need to alter each name individually. The phone tools software will allow you to make these changes on your computer, which is easier than doinging it on your phone.)  Also speed dial numbers are automatically assigned as contacts are entered. You need to enter preferred speed dial numbers to each contact and OK a change of number.The bad part is that I  will soon need  to repace this old notebook with a Mac Powerbook.When I questioned Motorola about Mac compatability, they stated that they have not got around to testing software for Mac.Will think twice or thrice about another Motortola phone if they continue with this attitude.

I should begin by telling you that my expectations for cell phones were shaped by the motorola V60, my first cell.  It had excellent reception, a sturdy metal case, and superior battery life.  This is what I look for in a cell phone.  Does the V551 measure up?First, the good:The phone is solid and attractive, although it no longer has a metal case.  The screen is bright and backlit so it's easy to see even in complete darkness.  the user interface and menus are almost completely customizeable-you can set what the side and soft buttons do, and there is a rotating menu that can be accessed by the radial button-you can set these options as well.  Several people have noted that the phone has many sub-menus and it's often hard to get to things-this can be bypassed by learning how to customize the radial menu.The speakerphone is easy to engage and satifyingly loud and clear.  The external speaker on the phone is loud and can be heard from several rooms away at high volume-in fact, I've started using it as an alarm clock.  The camera and video cature features are easy to use, although figuring out how so send them from the phone to an email address is not.  I've not had a chance to use the bluetooth feature, so can't comment on it.The phone comes loaded with AIM instant messenger service.  whether this is useful or desireable is going to depend on you.  I don't have any friends on AOL and don't chat much, so it's worth nothing to me.  As an aside, any phone that's meant to be a messaging powerhouse, as this one is advertised, needs a full keyboard, in my opinion.  This phone does not have one.The reception seems clear and I have had no dropped calls, though I have had the phone only a short time.  volume is nice and loud and easy to adjust.Now, the bad:the phone has a number of options the require that you buy additional service to use.  Want to send pictures and messages?  You will need to purchase the messaging service.  Want to download games and shop ringtones online?  You'll need to purchase internet data connectivity service.  It's a bit disconcerting to have the phone ask you for money whenever you want to do anything fun.The battery life is, hands-down, the worst aspect of the phone.  Even if you only talk for a few minutes a day, have bluetooth turned off, and use the camera only occaisionally, you will get, at best, two days of use between recharges.  If battery life is important to you, look elsewhere now.The manual is simply useless.  I have learned more about how the phone works by playing with it than by reading the documentation.  There are any number of features simply not described at all.  Want to customize the user interface?  You are on your own, buddy.  Want to send an image to someone else?  Figure it out yourself.The phone comes with two skins, and three music ringtones.  this seems a bit skimpy to me.I am debating taking this back.  The features are fun, but the battery life is a deal-breaker.  If this is not your primary phone and you want something fun, by all means, buy this phone.  But if you want a workhorse phone with good battery life, this is not the phone for you.

I have used nokia phones for years and assumed that since their contact/address layout was similar to MS Outlook, all cell phones would likewise be similar...how wrong I was.  If you intend to use this phone to manage business and personal contacts, get a Palm or Nokia. Also, the speaker is known to burn out on these phones. Motorola knows this and continues to sell a sub-par product. I can only use my phone with a bluetooth wireless. The speaker has been replaced 3 times!!!!  Thanks a lot Cingular and Motorola, what a team.

I HATE THIS PHONE... IF U HATE HAVING TO CHARGE YOUR PHONE EVERY TWO DAYS (OF LITTLE USE) THEN DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.... I JUST HATE IT AND I DON'T RECOMMEND IT AT ALL.. SAD BUT TRUE. SONY ERICCSSONS ARE BETTER THEY CAN GO DAYS WITHOUT BEING CHARGED BUT THIS MOTOROLA HAS TO BE CHARGED EVERY TWO DAYS AND IF U TALK ON IT, THEN ONE DAY AND IT NEEDS TO BE CHARGED. MOTOROLA PHONES ARE AWFUL.

The Motorola V551 is a prety dependable phone.  It has really withstood a lot of damage.  I have dropped it on numerous occasions  on many different surfaces.  I have even dropped it in the toilet and it still works.  Overall, the only problem I really have with it is the battery life.  It's probably about standard, but I was hoping for a little bit more when I purchased the phone.  The features and design are great.  The call quality is pretty good especially for the Northwest Arkansas landscape.

This phone is great.  The speakerphone, camera, video recorder, etc.  The big problem is the fact that it drops calls every 7 minutes or so.  Sometimes more or less frequently.  I just spoke to a customer service representative, and they said that it is a defect in the phone, and it needs to reconnect to the network every three days or so.  This means I must turn my phone off for 10 minutes or so every 3 days.  This is just a big pain and unless you want to deal with this problem, please do not buy this phone!

The only advantages to this phone is that it is cute and quad-band.  It cuts out all the time, even when you have full service.  It cuts out for no reason.  Ive had this phone for 6 months and as each month goes by the ear speaker is getting worse and worse.  I can hardly hear anything now.  I am forced to use an earpiece or the speaker.  I love motorola phones but the v551 is sadly a disappointment.  definitely look elsewhere!

I have had it just a week now and I have yet recharged the battery. Maybe they fixed it? Yes I do talk on the phone. I was also able to use it to check my gmail, hotmail and my works email. Could get on AIM and ICQ with no problem. Camera takes ok pictures for a cell phone. Best I have seen so far. The mp3s sound great over the speaker and the speaker phone is pretty clear. Clarity is hardly an issue. Voice recording is easy...good for those sudden thoughts.The screen is very clean IMO. Play poker on it with no problems.I really like the phone.Cons - none?

My phone did work well for a few months when i first got it.  But for the past 4 months it has been getting harder and harder to hear people even though the volume is all the way up.  i have to push the phone so hard up against my ear that my hand starts to hurt.  Also, the camer takes good pictures, but then when u want to go look at past pictures you took, they are all scambled or blury.i DO NOT recomend this phone.  I plan on getting a new and better phone as soon as possible so i can actually hear people when they call.

Phone worked pretty well at first, but I noticed that my wife always had a better signal than me, dropped less calls, and her phone doesn't mess up nearly as much.  It is not very user friendly.  The menus can be confusing.  The reception is not very good, and now I can barely even hear people sometimes.  So I'm getting a replacement....cheap phone....

V551 is a great phone to have with its bright color screen, easy navigation, speakerphone, and sleek design. The phone is a Quad band GSM phone which means you can use it on any GSM network in the world, pretty useful if you are a globe trotter. It has an integrated camera with zoom and exposure control.You can send pictures  you took and  music in your messages with its MMS capabilities. With 5 MB memory, there is a lot of stuff you can store on this cellphone. Navigation is easy and additional options are available in most screens with the 'menu button' which has a context-sensitive menu. The phone has  bluetooth, so when you are driving, you can take calls with a bluetooth handsfree, even if you cannot reach the phone within the car! Speakerphone is very clear!

The phone is overall a complete packeage. However, there are a couple problems that I have experienced with this phone.First, the battery indicator goes very quickly from full to 2/3 to "low battery". Second, the brushed metal on the fron of the clamshell does scratch easily.Other than that, the hardware is excellent. While the programming could be somewhat improved, the important thing is that the phone will be able to coexist quite nicely with my laptop (a 12-inch iBook with a Bluetooth adapter). Call quality is very good, the Bluetooth implementation is very similar to the V600 (transfer audio, photo, and video between computer and phone easily) once you get it paired with your computer.Games: I don't view a cellphone as a device on which to play games; if that was a priority I would have bought one of the N-gages. Instead, I am looking for a good, functional phone that works well.I live in the Minneapolis area, and before the merger, there was AT&T; Wireless but no Cingular. This phone may be the best Motorola that Cingular has to offer as far as capabilities are concerned, and for much less than the Razr, and without the Razr's bling factor.What I look for in a cellphone:1. GSM. The sim idea is probably one of the best ideas I have seen in a cellphone - ever.2. Bluetooth. With it, I get a phone that works well with my other equipment, and that goes a long ways. It's nice that the Bluetooth capabilities are not crippled, like Verizon does to the V710. (Can you hear ME now?!)3. Quad-band. Great to have if you travel abroad, though the international roaming rates are the real killer.4. Clamshell/flip phone. I don't want to accidentally hit the "send" key.

Plain and simple, don't buy this phone.  It has plenty of bells and whistles to attempt to compensate for the fact that it has terrible reception and frequently drops calls.  Granted some of this is a result of the Cingular network, but I have been very dissatisfied with the phone.  When I called to complain I wasn't getting my voice mail in some cases until two days after a message was sent, Cingular told me I need to take the battery and card out of the phone every once in a while.  There is a problem when you have to do that.

I am so irritated at the poor reception and dropped calls that I'm now taking steps to change phones, service carrier or both and I've made my peace with the notion I may end up losing money on the phone and early cancellation penalty. I was forced to upgrade both phone and carrier (ATT to Cing)when my old moto met with an untimely death. I needed a phone asap and did not research the 551 b4 purchase, a decision I deeply regret. I must clarify that I live in  central florida near the I-4 corridor and this is NOT a low population density area. Many of my dropped calls have occurred on major arteries in this area, which are not rural. I am not a new user of cells and don't believe I have unrealistic expectations of service. I've consulted others for their opinion in an effort to "triangulate" feedback and reduce the possibility of my own subjective bias. Bottom line: despite my most sincere effort to avoid "leading" or "steering" responses, I have found NOT ONE favorable opinion in regard to reception and call drop rate.I do not doubt the favorable reviews others have posted, but at least in my area, avoid this phone.

This was my first review of this phone.  I gave it five big stars....I was a little skeptical about getting any new phone. I was quite attached to my samsung x426, but it was old, and outdated and didn't have some of the newer features that I needed and wanted.I'm surprised, but I'm very very happy with my motorala v551.  It's not as sleek and pretty as my samsung, but it's more stylish than I had originally thought and it's got a nice feel to it. Good weight and soft blue exterior - it feels quality. The screen is just as big and bright as my samsung and the interface is easy to use.Text messaging is great and fast! It anticipates exactly what I'm meaning to say...can a phone read your mind??  This one tries and does a good job. Ha! *kidding* The camera and video is good for a phone. And you can take pictures of your friends and have their faces in your address book. You can also assign different rings to each person in your address book.  It has a crystal clear speaker phone, the reception is great, and the battery life is satisfactory too.Now, bluetooth is super cool! But, if you're surfing the web a lot or playing downloaded games (I've gotten addicted to cell phone tetris!!)It's going to deplete your battery life faster.  I'm pretty active on my phone but I still only charge it once every night.  By the end of the next day I'll notice my battery is half down, so I'll HAVE TO charge it every night. This still has never been a problem.  My Samsung would stay fully charged for DAYS...so comparatively I suppose the samsung has better battery life but the v551 is still OK even with active use.My reception is also clear, but I suspect that has more to do with my service provider than the phone.  I'm in an urban area so I always have all bars up. The same was true with my Samsung. It was important to me that all audio is loud.  I hear my callers loud and clear. The ringers are loud and clear.  And you have the option of downloading any song you want...if you need something even louder!!I've heard people with concerns over the manual...but I found the set up for most of the features extremely easy.  I was able to set up all the major features without it. Even though I wasn't familiar with the motorola interface. I was also able to personalize everything easily and right away. Everything is personalize-able even how you access the screens you use the most.  A nice touch. And the Motorola can just do a bunch of fun stuff that my Samsung just couldn't do.Also, if you travel overseas, or have friends all over the world, this phone works internationally too.  Not bad for the price.This is a good solid phone that does its job and has nice techie features too. I really can't think of anything bad to say about it...except that it's not as girly and cute as my little Samsung!  But, I must say, it's cute enough.Bottom line is...if you want a simple to use durable phone, or something more substantial with high-tech capabilities (but without the high-tech price, of course) then you should definitely take a look at this phone.Here's my second review after having the phone a little longer...I wrote another review for this phone and gave it a five-star rating, but after having it a little longer, I'll have to take away a star.  It's still a GREAT phone, especially for the price and the features. It's a good value for the money. Consider this however, especially if you are purchasing this phone as your only phone and you choose not to have a ground line.I used to have a Samsung 426x, which was a super little powerhouse of a phone but lacked any cool features.  It would stay powered up for a week, was always crystal clear, only a few dropped calls now and then, and I NEVER turned it off.I've found that with the Motorola v551 you MUST turn it off once a night and let it fully charge or you will suffer with dropped calls. I think I kept this phone on for two weeks (charging it every night) then all of a sudden, I couldn't maintain a single conversation without major drop out calls.  I called the technical people and found that it is because this phone must be turned off every night and allowed to fully charge or it'll go screwy!I'm doing that now, and all is good with the phone again.  I kinda don't like to have to turn the phone off since it is my only phone, but the features and basic quality of the phone still outweigh this inconveniece for me.But, keep this in mind if you're thinking about purchasing this phone. Depending on how you use your phone, this could be a real problem.

The phone itself is very nice very very nice but....IF you are a cingular customer with another motorolla phone don't fool yourself into thinking you can just put in your sim card and be off....NO NO  I tired this and unless there is some secret society that runs around giving out Subsidy codes then you can't use the phone.  Cingular will tell you that they can reasearch the IMEI numbers to try key word try and get you a unlock code for the phone but then the phone is not covered under cingular warrenty and some of cingular features you are use to might not work.  Call AT&T for the code since they are the only next option for this phone made for cingular and them well they too can not give you the code if your not a customer for their company and Motorolla themselves well they will tell you they can't get the number either cause it's done by the company the phone was made for and they don't have access to that kind of code.  SO now again nice phone would be even better if you could use it with your SIM card if you choose.  SO advice don't buy unless you are a AT&T customer or you are getting a SIM card with it.

Like most new cell phones, this one has hundreds of features, all of which are useless if you can't talk with someone.  I don't care about games, screens, ring tones or whatever, I just want a cell phone where I can reliably communicate with someone... this phone isn't it. And after reading the other reviews, I'm glad I'm not alone.  Granted, for the first several months, I'm sure I was satisfied.  But the low volume and continual dropped calls have made this impractical to live with.  Lesson learned- make sure you read the reviews from people who have lived with this phone for at least half a year. And I see on the Cingular webpage that other customers have the same complainnts for the V551.  I'm surprised Motorola or Cingular hasn't acknowledged this.

The phone is packed full of great features, however, the battery life is horrendous. A full charge only lasts about 1 day with moderate use. It also seems to take a long time to charge; about 2+ hours from dead to charge complete.

I had an LG phone and it was horrable I got the V551 before the summer and it has been great. I work as a wildland firefighter in the summer and my phone has been awesome. There has been numerous times in the forest and remote locations where I have had great service where no one else did. I have always liked motorolas and this phone just confirms it.A great buy

MANY problems with this phone; low to zero volume (varies by call) is the biggest problem and is well documented in these other reviews, so I won't go into much detail.  Speakerphone works OK, but the problem is that I usually I HAVE to use it, because it's the only way I can hear the other person.  The actual design of the phone is not bad; it's just that it's put together like junk -- it seems as if, instead of spending 30 cents on the parts, they spent 20 cents.  Insane.  The other problem is the design of the charger, which is prone to stop working after a few uses unless you bend it (to the left, in my case) and keep it pulled that way while it's charging.  I agree with the person who said they would never but a Motorola product OR their stock, but I would go a step further and consider selling the stock short. Do NOT buy this phone or any phone by Motorola.

I have a family plan with these phones, I have had to send SIX of these phones back for repair now.If you're doing the math, then you will realize I have had to send back the replacement phones.Every failure was the same, the speaker eventually starts to go out.  At first it it's random, and eventually it completely dies.Motorola should get sued over this lemon of a phone.

I tried it. After one hour of fidgeting with it's childish userun-friendly interface, the darn delayed number buttons, no games, dreadful ring options, I want my T637 back.I'll do with less resolution in pics, no video to have a more grown-up phone.This V551 is going back.

First of all, sell your Motorola stock. No one who buys this phone will ever buy anything made by Motorola again. Your phone will break. I am on my third, and you can hear only on the speaker phone. I would return it for another refurbished one, but why bother? I would only be getting a refurbished unit that one of the other reviewers of this phone returned. And do not expect eager cooperation from Cingular in dealing with this problem unit. So sell your Cingular stock, too. As soon as my contract is up, I am: leaving Cingular for good; getting an unlocked phone model from a different manufacturer; and buying time on T-Mobile as I need it. You have been warned. Caveat emptor.

The phone has performed well.  No dropped calls, good reception and sound quality.  I'm charging it every other day.As of now, March 2005, you will not get the rebate if you are porting your existing phone number to Cingular.  Amazon seems to be unable to say that while you are ordering the phone with a Cingular plan but they will make it perfectly clear when the phone is delivered.  If you can't get the rebate you may be able to get a better deal at the mall and have the phone working that day.  See if you can port your number and get the rebate at:  www.amazon.com/keep-your-number.

I am going to discuss the design, features, battery life, call quality, and give my overall opinion on the Motorola 551.The design is a bit heavier than what I expect from the average flip phone, but I may be biased because my previous flip phones included the dainty Audiovox 8600 and a Motorola Star Tac back from the analog days.  It fits comfortably in the hand, and is comfortable to talk on.  It does not fit nicely in one's pocket, but I can easily tuck it into my smallest purses.  However, since I do not often carry a purse, a phone clip or cover with a clip is a necessity in order to not misplace the phone.  Also, the phone tends to get scratched up easily.  Finally, I have a friend who has this same phone and the hinge broke.The features are numerous.  They include text messaging, internet browsing, ringtones, and games.  My experiences with this phone are on the Cingular network.  Sending text message is about as time consuming as one would expect, even if he or she is experienced with the typing method of the standard cell phone.  I have never used the internet browsing and have no opinion of it.  As for games, I have only tried the Bejeweled that came with my phone.  It loaded quickly and played smoothly.  As for ringtones, Cingular's ringtone website has loads to choose from.  You can set different ringtones for different callers.  As a joke, I have the Star Wars "Imperial Death March" set to play when one of my friend's calls.  The videos turn out decent, and the camera function is fun because you can set background wallpaper and assign people's pictures to their entries.The battery life is not very good - I do not consider myself an excessive cellphone user, but I need to recharge the battery every night no matter what.  On unusually busy and long days, my phone dies before my day is over.Call quality is decent, but I have low standards due to years of disappointment with the quality of cellular networks and cellphones.  It does sometimes drop calls, and sometimes the other person can hear me but I can't hear them or vice versa.  However, I do not know whether or not this is the phone or the network.  The area I live in has very few cellular towers.So, my overall opinion - it's a decent phone.  The only truly irksome thing is the short battery life, especially considering the bulk of the phone.

I got this little phone as a replacement for my old old old Nokia that I used to death. The phone itself works well, but does have a few pros and cons:Cons-1 bad user manual- a few things are missing and others are really badly explained.2 not great reception all the time, though I can't tell if this is the phone or Cingular3 the video camera is choppy at best, but the still photo setting works great4 you cant save two numbers or an email address to one name, but this isnt a huge deal5 menus are a little confusing at first, but are easily decipheredPros-1 its so cute :)2 as I said- the camera works really well and has good zoom and light adjustments3 has easy to use keypad and text messaging is quick with the T9 writing4 great ringtones on phone and for download- is compatible with better, longer ring tones5 web browser is really easy to useOverall, I've really liked the phone and have been very pleased with its performance. It's very solid and sturdy but is still lightweight and cute. I give it four stars for the construction and features, but because my reception on Cingular hasn't been the best, I can't give it five.

i bought this phone about two weeks ago. I recently owned the  V220 which was the worse. I wanted a flip camera phone and decided to get the v220 because it was free. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. I went on and bought the V551 after some research. I asked a few cingular representative and read reviews on amazon. The phones picture quality is much better than the v220. I'l admit that i've had a few more droppped calls with the v551 than the nokia 3560. The v551 has great wallpapers and skins. I bought a brand new hs820( which is the bluetooth headset)and it really is handy. it works with the phones built in voice dial. go to the address book record a name. press the button on the headset and say the name works great. Ive alway had trouble with those headsets with wires. I've used al of its features except for the cable for tranferring ringstones etc. The internet button doesnt give me an problems because my fingers are tiny. this phone is very sleek and replaces the need to buy a faceplate. This phone is one of the best phones that cingular has to offer. HAS ANYONE USED THE FASTFORWARD FEATURE!!1

I got this phone on recommendation from the Cingular salesman who also sold the same phone to both of my parents. We all loved the phones when we first got them. However, as the months pass, I've had several minor but irritating problems that surfaced over the summer. My parents have had fairly good luck with their phones (it's mainly problems with Cingular service rather than mechanics of the phone for them) but mine have been with the phone itself.And apparently, the things have gone wrong for me have also been happening to others as well --I've seen similar topics on several forums at Motorola and Cingular about this phone that I have also experienced:  dropped calls and touch and go reception even when I'm standing still, erratic volume levels and the god-awful charger! Why would anyone make a square charger plug for a phone that's curved? Not only is the connection a flimsy forked plug that isn't very sturdy to begin with, but since the plug is square and the edge of the phone is rounded, the plug never sits solidly into the phone-- sometimes it charges, sometimes it doesn't...sometimes it holds the charge for several days, sometimes it only holds for one day.On the plus side, the photos are cleaner and clearer than I've seen on early photo phones and the colors on graphics and photos display nicely. You can also download mono- and poly-phonic as well as real tone ringtones and they sound pretty good.Considering I got it basically for free once I got the rebate back, I'd guess it's ok for the purpose I orginanlly got it for--safety reasons -- but as I start to lean more on having a mobile phone for communication, I don't always feel I can trust this one. Shop around.

I can't give this phone 5 stars yet because I have yet to use it, but 1st impressions are great. I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision. Visually this phone is sooo much better lookin. The electro blue lighting in the front is way cool and the design is super sleek. Contruction is definitely quality with a solid feel and rubber-like grips. The keypad is alright, i find the number keys are a little strange becuase they're not aligned i guess to fit the design shape but that's ok. Also I'm a little confused as to why they switched the red and green buttons around, and my 7,9 buttons are dimmer than the others, dunno if thats just the phone. I upgraded from the motorola t720 which I think has a way cleaner design and layout but this will do.  The screen is very bright and sharp, way sharper than the Sony. The menus looks plain but with the added skins it looks sweet! I dont really care for the bluetooth since its pointless being less than a feet away from me, unless using to transfer to pcs or somethin. Overall i think the v551 is a great phone for now, I really liked my old t720 except for its slow software but i think they fixed that problem on this phone so I expect this one to perfomr even better.

I had this phone for a little while now and I must say that it is the best phone I've had so far!...The vga screen provide really crisp and clean pictures, the sound quality is fantastic and the bluetooth features makes transfering data (graphics/sound clip) to and from your laptop/desktop so easy, as well as hands/cord free driving!...The only con I have is not about the phone but its instruction manual, very confusing to follow, some features are not listed on the contents pages, you have to go to the index pages and hope to find what you looking for...Otherwise, this is a fantastic phone, Good job Motorola!

This phone is a p.o.s. It crashes randomly leaving you with a white screen and a static sound that will deafen you if youre having a conversation. the camera phone quality is horrid the video isnt great either ive had one of these for about a year now and i have had nothing but trouble since day one ive had 3 replacement phones so i know it wasnt just a faulty one and just today my v551 has apparently lost all power to the screen so open or closed i cant see anything so no txt messages no phonebook no games no pictures no nothing if you have this phone already i feel your pain, if you havent gotten it and are considering it STOP IT!

Has a short battery life. If not being used, two days, otherwise shorter.The menu navigation is difficult and non-intuitive.The phone camera picture quality is poor and you need additional network services to move pictures off the phone. More money.The phone has buttons on the outside that can change the ring style. So while it sits in your pocket it can change to silent mode or vise versa. Very annoying.By the time I realized how poor this phone was I was well over my 30 day trial. Now I'm stuck with this lemon for two years. :(

I have owned this phone for nearly two years.- Sturdy Little FellaWhen I was shopping around for a new provider and phone, I found that Cingular was offering this one at a really low price (under contract, of course). My first cell phone had been a Motorola (one of those gray, solid analog ones that is about twice the size of your average current 'clamshell' type), and my recollection of my former phone's sturdiness is part of what prompted me to get the Motorola v551. The v551 has not disappointed me in this area. My former job involved a lot of running around town, and I would keep the phone on a holster on my jeans so that it'd be readily available for me to answer quickly. Needless to say, I've dropped the phone more times than I can remember and aside from a few scratches on the silver plate on the front of the phone, you'd never know to look at it now.- Handsome, TooThe screen on the phone is a beauty. The size, clarity, and rich color are great. My phone came pre-loaded with LOTS of graphics, including clipart in ready-to-use e-mail templates, as well as a generous amount of wallpapers. (I don't know if this is from Motorola, or if it has something to do with my service provider.)- Fun To Play WithThis phone can do a crazy amount of stuff (calendar with alarms for reminders, games, mix your own ringtone, voice-control, the list goes on and on). I'm just going to cover what I feel are the two main extras, the still camera and video camera.I like the camera on this phone. When setting up your shot, you can do things like zoom in on the object and adjust the brightness. I've taken a number of pics with my phone, and I usually e-mail the photos to myself to get them onto my computer's hard drive. When I used the camera feature for the first time, I was particuarly pleased with how well the picture had turned out, given the phone's size, etc. The pics not only looked good on the phone's screen, but on my computer monitor, as well.The video camera is pretty cool, too, but I've never found the need to use it. I've only played around with it once or twice, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it includes sound with it's clips. I think the clips last somewhere around 20 seconds. They look great when you play them back on the phone, too, but I have never tried viewing any of the clips on my computer, so I don't know how well they translate onto a bigger screen.- Always ThirstyThis phone needs it's juice, and needs it often. On average, I charge my phone every 1.5 days, and I often (unintentionally) let my phone battery run dry before recharging. If you are one of those people who talks on the cell phone a lot, you are DEFINITELY going to be charging this phone every night.This shouldn't come as a surprise, though. The sheer size and clarity of the screen makes it obvious that your phone is going to need a lot of recharging.The charger is irritating. This doesn't happen a whole lot (thank goodness), but there have been numerous times when the phone wouldn't connect with the charger. Fiddling with and jostling the connection point seems to do the trick. The worst experience I've had regarding this charger issue was when I spent about 10 minutes fiddling with it.- Not All That DependableI've experienced more dropped calls with this phone than with any other phone I have ever owned, and I have owned a lot of phones. I know that the dropped calls can't be due to a weak signal because I live and work right smack in the middle of town where the signal is strongest, and I haven't had this problem with other phones. After a while, I noticed a pattern: nearly all of my dropped calls have been extended ones, and by 'extended', I mean anywhere from 20 minutes to an hour or more). Another thing to note is that movement doesn't seem to be the reason for dropped calls, because I am usually sitting still during these longer conversations.Another annoyance is when the phone tells you to retry when dialing out. This is the only phone that I've ever had this problem with. I'm not entirely sure if this is a problem with my provider's network or with my phone, but I am leaning towards the latter hypothesis because I have used other phones on this provider's network without experiencing this problem.Fun, But Not Commitment MaterialOverall, I like this phone. The sound quality is excellent and it's loaded with features that I didn't think I'd use but ultimately found quite handy. Looking back, however, if I'd known a year ago what I know now about this phone's issues (mainly dropped calls), I probably would not have chosen it for my service contract.When my current contract is over, you can be sure that I will get a different phone.

I've had this phone for a little over a year. I loved it when I first got it, but it was all downhill after a few months. Battery never lasts more than 12 hours(thats without any talk time), dosen't recognize when its charging most of the time, outside cover is cracked, the actual phone part does not work at all anymore. Its hard to get good reception on it and it drops all of my calls. I've not been able to use anything but speakerphone since july. First it was just low volume, then it quit completely. I know at least 6 people with this phone who have the same or at least similar problems. I've taken good care of my phone, never dropped it or anything, and yet its worse than phones I've had in the past that were 2+ years old and had been dropped, etc. My cell company also will not let me upgrade, so I think any day now I may just throw my phone out of my car on the freeway.

I got this phone because I thought I was really going to "get over" after the rebate ($75.00 back!)  But you can't submit the rebate for over two months, you have to wait for two months of bills to submit with the paperwork. So now, of course, I can't find the stupid packing slip...okay, that's my problem for being disorganized and renegging on my promise to myself never, ever, to buy something on rebate again.  Now the problem with the phone, this is the second time the SIM card has crapped out in about three months.  I assume, if this is like last time, I have to go to the store and get a new SIM card, but all my phone numbers will be lost, and I will have to reprogram them again.  I got this phone because I was sick of sprint, the cellular service and the snotty attitude.  Cingular service is Okay but this phone is a piece of poop.  I am never going to get a motorola phone again, my friend has that cool razor and it's broken too.  What a pain in the keester this entire service has been.

The ear piece on this phone goes bad. I had a V400 and the ear piece went bad. They replaced it 4 times then cingular gave me the V551 and i had to get that replace once and then the warranty ended and the ear piece failed again. I absolutely do not recommend this phone or other motorola's.

Keypad doesn't work. The phone is cheaply made. Drops calls. Battery life 20 minutes.

I had this phone for 1.5 years and after about a year the front screen  broke and the battery would never stay charged. I could charge it all night, and the next morning I would make a call and the phone would die on me.another thing- horrible reception. cingular is fine, but this phone is HORRIBLE. do not buy it!plus- its bulky and huge and the camera SUCKS

I would rate this phone with 5 stars if it weren't for the wretched battery life.  I'm getting only 24-36 hours on a recharge.  (And yes, I've turned off Bluetooth; and yes, put it through several recharges; and no, I'm not using a rapid recharger).  Cingular graciously replaced the battery, but the replacement seems to be doing even worse.  The worst problem is that the battery meter goes from two bars to none in a matter of minutes. This is in stark contrast to my older Motorola v60, which seemed to go forever.  I would avoid this phone.

Battery life is limited, one day maximum (and that's without the camera use or any other non-phone item.)  Talk time will cut into that as well, so forget about the projected 7 hours/7 days talking/standby time.  Motorola has already replaced the battery to no avail.  Next route is a distance Motorola service center.  One of the helpful sales persons told me that there had been problems with this phone, along these lines, but you can probably do better with an entirely different phone.  I appreciated the generally helpful service lines, but if the phone doesn't work right in the first place, what's the use?  Seriously consider another phone from Motorola and/or an entirely different brand unless you are a glutton for punishment.

I up grading my contract with Cingular and part of that deal was to buy an up graded phone.  I was told over and over that the Motorola V551 was the best on the market.  I had the phone for less then 30 days and noticed that the battery would not charge properly.  Cingular replaced the battery and still the same problem.  I reported it to Cingular and they replaced the phone with a refurbished phone.  It seemed to work fine and 30 days later, I noticed that I could NOT hear people on the phone.  Their voices were distorted.  It gradually got worse till I couldn't hear them at all.  Called Cingluar again and they replaced it with another refurbished phone.  It had the same problem.  I called and complained and told them I didn't want a refurbished phone, since I bought a new one, which never worked properly when I got it.  They replaced it with a brand new Motorola V3 razor phone.  They finally admitted that there were problems with the V551.  I have to give Cingluar 5 stars for their service and response in trying to deal with a manufacture defect that is not of their own doing.But be warned, the V3 razor phone seems to have similar issues.

The Motorola v551 phone is built for those individuals who enjoy not only taking pictures but for those who like shooting videos, and it offers bluetooth.  The bluetooth capability on this phone is awesome, you can take the phone to somewhere like CVS and develop pictures for cheap prices.  You can also use this phone in areas where you have bad reception on most other phones because this is a quad-mode phone.  You can use this phone with wireless technology...if you purchase the bluetooth enabled headset, you can use this phone wirelessly.  The screen on this phone has great colors.  It has a good battery life for a camera phone.  I think this phone rates as a 10 stars out of 5.

This is by far the worst cell phone I have ever owned.  Stand-by time is less then 24 hours.  Talk time is less then 1-hr.  The claims Motorola makes in regards to this phones performance, are simply a flat out lie.  Once the charge bar starts to fall, you better get to a charger.  You will need a charger in your car, home and office.  The performance is awful.  I know of 3 other people that fell for the trap.  We all HATE THIS PHONE.  The reception sucks.  Too many useless features.  Granted, my Cingular wireless service is possibly the biggest piece of crap wireless service out there.  Combined with this phone, I am ready to jump off a bridge.  Calls are constantly dumped.  The LCD screen cracked after 2 weeks.  Stay away from this phone at all costs.  Stick with a Nokia.  I would love to have my old Nokia.

After 8 months of ownership, suddenly the reception went south. No reception in or near my house, or inside anywhere. Reception could be good outside (out of town.) The connection to the charger is finicky, so sometimes it isn't charging when you think it is.I got the run-a-round from cingular trying to get a replacement. After two long phone conversations. I was told to go to the local dealer. The dealer gave me another phone number to call. The operator at that number told me that the dealer should have at least swapped out the SIM card to see if it was the problem. Anyhow, eventually I got a new phone amd so far it works.I always connect my phone to the charger when driving (9 hrs per week) so my phone is always charged. I won't complain about the need for frequent charging; it's better than my digitial camera battery!

After using this phone for about a year, the volume on it stopped working. I can't hear people talking to me unless I put them on speakerphone or use a headset. I took it to my Cingular store and they said that it was a common problem with this phone and the phone would have to be replaced. I thought that was terribly convenient for them.Also, one of our chargers (we have two of these phones) stopped working a long time ago. My husband and I are now separated and it looks like I got stuck with the charger that doesn't work. You used to be able to twist it a bit to get it going, but now that doesn't work either. So it looks like I'll be getting a new phone, but it's not going to be from Cingular or Motorola since they can't build a simple phone that works with a charger that actually charges. This isn't rocket science here. Cell phones have been around for a while now. You'd think the technology wouldn't be that complicated.Basically, Cingular and Motorola want to be certain that you purchase a new phone every single year so they develop phones that automatically break down after a year of use. Smart company.

Besides the complete inaccuracy of the battery life meter, the tendency for the antenna to unscrew itself, and fall off and the horribly unintuitive UI for this phone, I have to say that the ring tone and volume contrils on the outside of the phone have to be one of the most poorly planned cell phone features ever.I can't tell you how many calls I have missed or how many times my cell phone has rung at inopportune times when I thought it was on vibrate mode - and how truly frustrating this is.If I could return his phone I would - and the next phone I buy will not be Motorola.

I had purchased this phone back in November 04. I bought my phones online but couldn't migrate my numbers online. So I was sent two new phones (I ordered two...don't worry!) but, as advised by Cingular Online Support with new numbers also. When I got the phones I went to a Cingular store and within 20 minutes I had my old numbers on the new phones, except the new numbers were never cancelled. I later had explained to me that you can't have two numbers on one handset. I was told that was the cause of the miserable performance. After the numbers were cancelled, BAM! It was like a brand new phone.It works flawlessly and at first the battery would not hold a good charge. After about two weeks of use it holds a charge for about four days with moderate talking.One more bonus is that some of the V551's come unlocked! My friend put his T-Mobile sim in my phone just for laughs, and it totally worked.I highly recommend this phone.

After some frustrating months with my Sprint/Samsung which dropped calls 98% of the time while at home, I switched to Cingular/Motorola 6 weeks ago and it's been working without a problem.I also like the customizable features and been having fun to take pictures and setup my custom wallpapers and ringtones.

I really wanted to like this phone. It has a nice solid feel to it, especally compaired to some other plasticy phones. First the good points:Great sound quality. Voices sound natural.Good battery life. This is one of the most controversal aspects about this phone. If you break in the battery according to the directions on Motorola's web site, the battery will last about three hours of talk time with two to three 12 hour days of standby. That's using just the phone - not turning on Bluetooth or using the camera.The color screen is large and bright.Ringtones are loud enough to hear even under noisy conditions.The camera takes nice looking photo's.Now for the bad:The owners manual is so sketchy about the phone's features and operation that it's just about useless.RF quality - the ability of the phone to hold onto a  signal - is only fair. This phone drops more that it's share of calls. It cannot match some of the better Nokia's in this respect.The phone will occasionally become staticy and then drop calls. The phone has also "locked up" like a computer and had to be rebooted to work again. To be fair this dosen't happen often enough to make the phone unusable and it's not a terrible phone. There are just better choices and if I had to buy a phone over again I wouldn't buy this one.

This is my first Motorola phone. I have previously had a Panasonic DuraMAX prepaid phone with AT&T;, then a Sony Ericsson T226 with Cingular on a one year contract. I am happy to say that I am completely blown out of the water with this phone! The design, silver with a blue rubber surrounding it, gives the phone a beautiful and striking appearence. The blue rubber can also be foudn covering the battery cover on the back. Next thing I'm impressed with, the feautre set. One word: WOW! VGA Camera with Video record. The camera produces great pictures, and the videos are very good, but are choppy at some times. But, its a phone, so what do you expect? You can also take pictures of your friends and save them to their numbers in your phonebook, so whenever the person calls, their picture we'll pop up. Next, the Bluetooth. Though I haven't used it yet, it does offer wireless connectivity to a Bluetooth Headset, which is a big plus. EDGE is a great feature! Application and ringtone downloads are very fast, much faster than GPRS. The call quality and speakerphone sound quality is great; I never have to ask the person I'm talking to "What?", and they can always hear me fine. Besides the obvious features, this phone offers extensive personalization options. You can download polyphonic and MP3 ringtones, which sound great, as well as screen savers and wallpapers. You can even change the look of the menus.Overall, superb phone! Excels in every feature, and looks great too! This phone will definitely not disappoint!

I had this phone for a year.  During that time it continuously dropped my calls and told others my number was not working.  Sometimes when I placed a call it said the number I called wasn't a working number, even when I was just on the phone with the person at that number and got dropped.  Then my screen failed, all the color drained out of it (fade to black).  I tried to use it anyhow but it wouldn't allow me to place calls.  Next it stopped accepting calls, and finally it won't even turn on.  So, now I am without a phone.

Motorola should have been pulled up on some sort of Trades Description Act because the battery life on this phone is absolutely dreadful.As many have already noted, if you forget to charge this phone each night, the battery is dead the next morning after a couple of hours.I can't wait for my wireless contract renewal to come up so I can get back to a Nokia.

Just for the record, I have the V551m, a MuchMusic Edition V551, and it's on Rogers Wireless.In spite of all of the nasty reviews for this phone, I decided to get it anyways.  I had an incredibly old Nokia, and I decided that it was long past due for an upgrade.  Overall, I really like this little phone.  It's bigger than alot of flips out there right now, but I like it.  It feels less flimsy.  I don't feel like I'm going to break it whenever I open it.  So now for the pros and cons.PROS:-Nice bright screen (kind of tough to read in really bright sunlight, but not totally unreadable)-The slightly rubbery texture on the outside.  I don't have to worry that it's going to fly off the dash of the car.-The customizing options are endless.  You can set the function that each of the 4 directional keys, the left and right soft keys, and the 'smart' key perform.  Plus, you can have "shortcuts" to the stuff that you use the most, for example, the alarm clock.-Good quality camera, for a phone.  I'm not saying that it's amazing, but for what it is, it isn't bad.  The video isn't as bad as people have said either.  I mean, it isn't going to give you amazing, lifelike images, but if your friend is making really odd faces/sounds, it's handy.-Battery life.  The thing that concerned me most when deciding whether or not to get this phone.  The phone I had had a terrible battery life.  Right there in it's manual.  30 hours standby.  Yup.  But this phone actually holds its charge for awhile.  I get a little over 3 days, with a little talk time, and me playing with it all of the time.(it's like a new toy at Christmas)CONS:-Weak signal strength in my house.  Might just be my location, or my provider though.  I am in rural Manitoba after all.-Sometimes, hitting the volume key is annoying, just because of the bleeboop noise it makes.  All of the people that are complaining because it's so easy to switch from ringer on to silent must be crazy, cause it takes about 9 presses to switch between the two.  In the two weeks that I've had it knocking around in my purse, i've had the ringer change ONCE, and it was just from loud to soft, and I noticed right away, cause it bleeblooped (sorry, its the only way to describe that sound)Because mine is a MuchPhone, and a different provider, I don't have any complaints about the lack of ringtones, or the charges to download stuff.If something drastic happens, and I change my mind about this phone, I'll let you know.*~UPDATE~*I've had this phone for a month now, and I have no real complaints.  I just have a comment.  Some people complain that the screen times out after however many seconds, and it doesn't just go dim, it turns off.  But I was doing something, and I was in the sun, and when the screen timed out, I could still see what was on the screen, if I held it up to the light.  So I don't know what's up with that, but it seems to me like it just dims down REALLY far.

I've been using the V551 now for about six months and while I like alot of the things about it, I really dislike how god awful slow the phone book is to scroll, and how annoying it is to find names in there.So here's my list of bad things on the phone:First off, I can push the scroll button faster than the display can scroll, which is frustrating.  With a phone, the phonebook should be faster than I am!Second, I can't turn off the little icons for whether a name is for the work, home, office or some other category.  The icons are so small, it's hard to see them anyway, so I'd prefer to just put in "Cell", Home, Work, etc myself...Third, It's impossible to speed up the phone book by flipping between categories quickly.  It would be great if the side buttons would do this, or maybe I just haven't found the proper button to do so.  So categories are basically useless, except for ringtones by category.Fourth, the plastic belt clip that it came with sucks.  I broke three in the first 10 days of owning the phone.  Since then, I got a belt pouch with magnetic flip over cover and it's held up well to the abuse.  Very recommeded.  The best belt clip ever was the one on my old Skytel Pager.  Just about the same size brick, but impossible to rip off the belt.On the good side, the phone is loud enough, the display is clear, it has good battery life, esp now that I've turned off bluetooth again.  But that leads to another annoyance, it's hard to turn bluetooth on and off easily, you have to dig down through menus and then toggle it there.  Not good.  I'd love a little switch on the unit where I could just flip it physically.  Just like my laptop has for WiFi.  I'd cheerfully give up the camera for that.So while I sound like a grouch, I do have to say that overall it's been a decent phone.  Things could be done better (like better integration with voice mail!) so that the custom buttons would work with it, but hey, I realize voicemail has to be reachable by any phone, so touch tones are it.  Still feels clunky.The battery life has been excellent in my experience, esp if you actually charge the unit all the way.  I find that the battery bars lie at points, and when you have three, it's not really true.  That's more of a "you've got enough charge for 20 minutes of talking, but I can still fill up more...".Quick update here, I've just figured out (doh!) that you can assign a shortcut to pretty much anything, so I now have the bluetooth power as a shortcut menu.  A big help.  It would be nice if they made it more explicit that this was possible, along with some examples.So I'm happy enough with this phone, but I'm still looking for the perfect one from Cingular.  Heck, I might go the Blackberry route, we'll see...John

I gave 1 star for it's "eye candy" design, that's about it. I have had 3 of these phones (warranty for the win), with 3 different revisions of software. First one dropped calls. Didn't matter where I was, who I was connected to, or which part of the house or yard, or street I was in for that matter. My mom and brother had the same exact phone, with the same issues. Both turned theirs in for a new one under warranty. I did the same.I was sent another v551, and all was well for the first week, fewer dropped calls, but then the volume would randomly increase/decrease during calls. My mom and I had the same problem, and sent ours back. She was sent a new Razr phone (lucky her), while I was sent yet another v551, along with more frustrations. Same deal, dropped calls and the totally frustrating volume issue all over again. "Are you there?" "I'm here." "I can barely hear you." "I'll call you right back." So many times in one call.Third Strike, finally I was sent a new v557, which is the same physical design (besides the color), but better software by far.The v500-line of Motorola's ALL have the same faulty charge port! If you _have_ to have this phone, make sure you buy a cradle charger, and throw away the travel one. Don't even bother buying a new one. Your battery will thank you. Having to tape the cord down, and position the phone just right to charge is a total waste. It also reduces the life of your battery.Never again. Cingular discontinued selling this phone, because they had so many people call in to have it replaced. Edit:  When a customer representative at a Cingular Store sees your phone and suggests that you get an upgrade... or when you call customer service and just mention the model number, the rep says, "ahh yes, the v551."...makes you wonder what in the world Motorola was thinking when they released it for purchase. -_-

The telephone is a lemon plain & simple. It has so many problems you can not even imagine. If approached to buy this tele " Run ". Cingular is a good Company, I give it a 5 star plus ,  they just need to take this telephone off the market.

Call me crazy but I actually expect a phone to last at least long enough to get you to the next 'free phone with sign-up' deal.  I just got this phone last December and it is already dying.  First, it stopped charging properly.  Then, I lose the ability to hear anything unless I am on speakerphone- which sucked from the beginning since it is grainy at best.  Besides this, it has some poor design features:  having the ring volume on the outside of the phone is not cool.  Not only do I hit it all the time when it is in my purse and hear the little audio blip (not cool in some situations) but I have actually managed to turn the ring off this way before.  Come on guys, at least warn me that the free phone is absolute crap and I can shell out the money for a phone that actually works!

My wife owns this phone. I made the mistake of getting a Treo 650 (see review there), but I wouldn't mind having this phone instead. Sharp looking. Reliable. Very sturdy, much more so than some other Moto phones I've seen (read: RAZR). We love the ringtone that says "Hello, Moto." It's not perfect -- drawbacks include:* Only one phone number per contact. So if you have three phone numbers for one person, you'll see them show up three times in your phonebook. I can see where some people might prefer this -- maybe it's easier to give each number its own speed-dial, or quicker to get to a specific number without drilling down through menus -- but to me, it's sloppy.* Rings could be louder. Really only an issue if you're going to carry this in a purse.* Power connector is a little flaky. This could have been better designed. We've thought we've plugged this phone in before, only to discover it wasn't quite connected and it didn't charge. A cradle might solve this one.

Recently I bought my first flip-phone after saying goodbye to my trusty ol' 4-year old "Candy Bar" Nokia 5190 (it was hard giving it up--sniff, sniff, I'll miss you) :(  :(After poring thru almost every review imaginable on the latest flip-phone trends and craze, it was down to three models for me:  This, the Motorola V551, the LG 1400, and Samsung P107.  Actually the final showdown was between the V551 and the LG 1400.  Both are gorgeous phones with features galore, but the Motorola won it in the end simply because it has been in the cell phone biz longer plus the fact it has a speakerphone (which the LG 1400 doesn't).  I know that doesn't sound like a scientific decision, but I trust my gut instinct.To be honest, I was risking getting a phone with these many features, thought I'd be over my head.  But the V551 has made the transition from my "Candy Bar" Nokia very easy and proved my gut instincts to be right.  First thing that strikes me right away is the clarity and reception of this phone.  The person's voice comes thru loud and clear as a whistle !  The feel is solid and comfortable in your hand.  Buttons are also logically laid out.  Even those who consider themselves with "clumsy fingers" will find the layout very pleasing to the eye and easy to maneuver.  Yes, it might be possible to press the "Internet" button (as others have pointed out) in the dark if you are not careful, but so far that has not happened once with me (and I have big hands).Some users here have complained about its battery life, but unless you are constantly playing games (which actually is difficult considering this one comes loaded with only one game) or chatting nonstop 24/7, you won't need to charge it every day.  My one pet peeve with cell phones is having to charge it every day, something that I did not need to do with my ol' Nokia and luckily, that is not the case here with the V551.  Maybe one charge every 4 or 5 days (maybe 3 days with heavy use) and I use the phone daily and keep it turned on throughout the day.  So "battery phobics" need not fear with this one.  It is NOT a "Battery Fiend".  I heard from LG users the LG 1400 phone eats up more battery compared to this phone, which was another deciding factor in choosing to go with the Motorola.I am sure I will grow to love this phone even more with time and continued use.  Its beautiful clam shell exterior masks an equally beautiful LCD screen and layout.  But the heart and guts of a phone is what matters and this one has plenty of it.  I feel my money has been well spent on a very reliable brand and model.  It has almost every conceivable feature (many I probably won't even use) and for the money, it's hard to beat.

I have to say, I spent a lot of time fretting about whether to buy this phone because my old phone had such good reception and battery power.But. Let me say:  I think the battery is great! I charged this phone up fully, the charge lasted several days and I waited till it ran out completely. Then I re-charged it Sunday night and took it with me, fully charged, to work on Monday. I had a full, three-bar charge that lasted three days (through Wednesday). It's now end of day Thursday and I'm still at two bars. It looks like one charge will have successfully gotten me through the entire work week.Now, I don't take a lot of pictures and scroll through them and show my friends and use my bluetooth and all that. I call people. I talk a moderate amount (maybe 30 minutes a day). If this describes what you want out of a phone, then you probably will find it to be a great phone with great battery power. I know some of you use the phone a lot more rigorously, but if you're a moderate user like me, you shouldn't be afraid of the battery power at all.Also -- the reception is great! I get reception in places my old phone didn't -- and I had never had a complaint about its reception. So hopefully this will allay some of the fears the other reviews might have raised.

I've had this phone for 8 months, and it was never loud enough, always forcing me to really push it against my ear hard to be able to hear.  Recently this problem has gotten way out of hand and I have to use the speakerphone if I want to be able to hear the other caller.  Frustrating.

After years of having a non-flip phone, I still wasn't sold on the idea of having to open the phone every time I needed to answer or place a call.  This phone comes Blue-Tooth enabled, so I also purchased the Blue-Tooth headset and when that feature is in use, you don't have to flip the phone open to place/answer calls.  The clarity is excellent, although I'm still not answering the phone quite correctly with the headset.  A detail I'll get worked out.  Didn't want a camera, but the phone came with it.  The menus are easy to use and fairly intuitive and it's easy to personalize and program.  I think I'm going to be very happy with this purchase.

This is by far the worst phone I've owned.  This is the second v551 I've had because I had the first one replaced for the same problems I'm having now.  The problem is that I usually can't hear the caller unless I place them on speakerphone.  The problem is intermittent which makes it more frustrating.  The second problem is that its difficult to make the connection for charging the battery...I have to cram the cord into the phone before it makes contact.  Stay far far away from this phone!!

This is my personal experience. May be it is just me with these problems. I have bought this phone in March 2005. It worked OK for 30 days. After 30 days there were problems.* I was not able to disconnect the calls, sometimes I had to pull out the battery to disconnect the call.* Some of the keys especially '*' and '#' keys were not functioning, I had to apply very high pressure.* When I am on a conference after about 10 minutes, people were not able to hear me. The line was still connected though.* I could never get the bluetooth working.* Worst of all Charging this phone was a big head ache. It took 10 -15 minutes to ensure that the battery is charging ... may be some sort of loose contact, many of my friends also have the EXACT same problem in charging.Then I called Cingular and they have replaced it with a new phone (same model, I hoped this one would work). It worked fine from April - September. Then suddenly one day the same problems mentioned above have started. Finally after being patient for a month, I have replaced the phone again.The third phone was even worse(Same model again, my mistake, I should have replaced it with a different phone after 2 bad experiences). It did not work even for one day. There was no signal at any time. When some one called me It gave s a wierd message 'Please enter the mail box number of the person you are calling'. I was not able to take or make calls. That is when I decided to replace the phone with a different model. I finally settled for a Razor. I am hoping this works fine!!!

Short response to previous reviews: YES, there is a hierarchical address book view. You have to make sure all the entries for a given person are stored in the phone's internal memory (as opposed to the SIM card); if so, for each person you can then assign a number for work, home, main, mobile, fax, and pager. And YES, you can use voice dialing, as it is indeed enabled in the phone. Again, make sure your address book entry is saved in the phone's memory, not the SIM card.Long review: I needed a new phone since my antique Motorola StarTac I bought from Sprint in 2000 was on its last legs. I've had this phone and service from Cingular for a week, and they've both been exceptional replacements. I use this phone in Silicon Valley in California, and the reception is freaking amazing. I get four bars in my home (where I used to get 1 bar and lots of dropped calls on my antique phone on Sprint), and I get 5 bars in my office (where I used to get 0 bars before).The phone itself is great. It's smaller than my StarTac in all dimensions and lighter as well. Sound quality is excellent. The camera (video and still) is surprisingly good, even in poor light. It certainly does not use a Canon L lens, but the pictures come out well. The speakerphone is very useful, particularly when you're waiting on hold. The personalisable wallpapers, screensavers, and skins are nice, but I think I would have been more impressed were I 15 years younger.The address book works well, although there is some incurred latency as you scroll through your list. Note that if you want to assign photos, tones, or voice dialed names to entries in your address book, you must save that particular entry to your phone's internal memory, not the SIM card. The latter is the default, but you can change it on a per-entry basis. I think as a general rule, if you're keeping just a single phone number for a person, keep it on the SIM card.The exterior finish of the phone is nice. The back has a rubberised blue-ish material which is resistent to minor dents and scratches. The top has a silvery look that is quite nice. I still miss the more professional all-black look of my StarTac though.The setup with Cingular was excellent. I bought my phone from Amazon, but I wanted to port my number from Sprint. The phone came pre-activated, with Amazon even e-mailing me my assigned number on the day the phone shipped. After I started up the phone, I dialed Cingular customer service to have my number ported from Sprint, which was finalised in 24 hours. Additionally, since I do not subscribe to a data plan, I had Cingular disable all wireless data communication on my phone, as it is easy to accidentally press the Cingular button next to the power key, which invokes a data transmission. To top it off, the two female customer reps with whom I spoke had cute voices.Negatives: the phone doesn't come with a data cable or with the software to sync your calendar and such. All must be purchased separately. The hierarchical phonebook is functional, but scrolling through it is not as intuitive as on my old StarTac where a different icon for each type of phone number was shown at the bottom of the screen. Also, the GSM signal interferes with the unshielded audio cable with my computer speakers (static bursts every 50 minutes), so I do my best to keep my phone away from that. From what I've read, this static is due to the GSM signalling.

Bottom LineStrongly recommended.  This phone replaced a highly-rated NEC 525 so my assessment is largely in comparison to it.  Based on my research, the V551 has virtually the same features as the much more expensive Razr V3(although not as thin and made largely of plastic rather than brushed aluminum).  From the many online reviews I've read, early versions of the V551 had problems with lockups and dropped calls.  I haven't seen many of those types of comments lately so I'm assuming Motorola worked the kinks out.Pros--Very good reception and sound quality.  Gets three and four bars in my office; I had to stand by the window to use the NEC--It's nice looking; the body is mostly plastic but appears solidly made (the NEC was plug ugly).  Nice raised number keys.--Calls and rings can be made very loud (which is good since I often carry it in a pocket or briefcase, or have it in the car with the sunroof open and music blaring)--Decent quality pictures for a phone camera--Bluetooth--MP3 ringtones; also extensive selection of built in ringtones (although most aimed at young users rather than professionals).--Good speaker phone function--EDGE makes for fast web browsing--Excellent procedure for downloading and saving data via WAP--much easier than the NEC--I can now access Hotmail which I couldn't with the NEC--Nice looking screen--ITAP text entry system works better than the similar function on the NEC--Good voice dialing (the voice tags on my NEC simply took me to that phone book entry and didn't actually dial which the Moto does)--Ability to change ring volume and method (to include a useful vibrate then ring method) with external keys is very handy; ring volume can be made very loud--Buttons and functions are highly customizable--Very good date book--Quad band (I've used my NEC and the Siemens it replaced in about a dozen countries, including Iraq)--Nice price ($74 from AT&T;)Cons--Organization of the phone book is a common complaint but once I figured it out, it's fine.  You can store five numbers and an email per entry. (You must save entries to the phone not the SIM, and organize by primary listing).  It's not the best--the NEC allowed multiple emails plus other information--but it works.--Battery life is also a complaint but I found that by following Moto's recommendations--completely discharge and re-charge it the first few times--it's fine.  Now I can go 3 to 5 days between charges with normal use.  (As another reviewer noted, the battery life was short for the first few days I had it but then improved dramatically.)--Physically the V551 is a bit thick compared not only to my NEC but also to my previous Motos--a Star Tac and V60.  But it does fit in a suit jacket pocket--Speaker phone function can only be turned on during a call, not before--Maximum time before the screen turns off for power saving is 20 seconds.  You have to touch a key to make it come back on.  This can interfere with things like downloads--Screen icons are small and fuzzy; the user's manual doesn't explain what they are--Small navigation keys, but that's the price you pay for a relatively small phone--Of the three built-in skins, two are glaringly bright and tacky.  As with the ringtones, Moto was clearly focused on young users rather than professionals--When using a Bluetooth headset, the V551 will only use a cheesy, stock ringtone--personal ones will not work--You have to go through the recognition routine with a Bluetooth device every time you use it (although this only takes about ten seconds).--Works great with a Moto Bluetooth headset but I've had less luck linking with a non-Moto Bluetooth adapter for my computer--Lousy user's manual--Lousy user's manual--Did I mention the lousy user's manual? (this is inexcusable)--Voice dialing is not universal.  In other words, it "learns" one voice rather than responding to anyone saying the correct word or phrase.--Stubby antenna (although this is a trade-off: I get better reception than with the internal antenna on my NEC)--I would have been happy to pay the extra fifty cents or so it would have cost to have real metal on the front instead of plastic made to look like metal.--The synchronization software (Motorola Mobile Phone Tools)and cable cost extra.  I have not been able to make it function.  Motorola's support is utterly worthless--I asked for help online and they told me to call them.  Two attempts led to disconnects after 10-15 minutes on hold without ever getting to an actual tech person.  The software developer--BVRP--is trying to help but hasn't been able to fix the problem.  I may seek a refund from the online vendor and look into alternative sync software.

I received my phone on or about Jan. 25.It was set up properly but from the first day did not hold a charge.The manual said to charge it 4 or 5 times and the charge will get better.  This was done and now the phone is DEAD. What do I do?

i dont know why people say this phone is so bad. I used to have a T720, and this phone reminds me of that one. If you dont like the menu you can change it, the camera is decent, the conection is good, and i havent dropped any calls, and the speaker is ok.. ( iam hearing impared so im sure its actually louder then i think) i love this phone. The problems with the charger dont seem to be an issue, if you know what your doing you can figure it out. its not rocket science. i had a little problem with the car charger but i cleaned off the connectors and it worked just fine. now im just waiting on my bluetooth headset to see how that works. overall its a great phone

The nice thing about it is that it plays MP3s so you don't have to pay for ringtones.It has the following issues though:1) very poor battery life, one day and it's gone, and for some reason it takes so long to charge!!2)The ear bud has a very annoying noise that gets worse if the earbud wire comes closer to the antenna. Don't understand why Mot will put the ear bud plug right next to the antenna3) Drops calls like crazy, and it starts by you not hearing the other side while they do hear you, and then the call ends.4)The voice command feature is of no use:a)First, it allocates very short time duration for the command.b)if you have multiple numbers for each person, you have to record each one with a unique voice command. My T610 used to record the name of the person, and then it lets you record if it is a cell or office, etc..c) not matter how I record the name using my bluetooth headset, or any other method, it just seems to be having hard time recognizing the speech.

My only gripe with this phone is that Motorola's user-interface just doesn't have an apparent logic to it, and as a result you have to dig out the user manual time and again.Also, if you use reading glasses, you will probably need them with this phone b/c there is no option to make the tiny letters in the display any larger, as is the option with some other phone brands.

I've had this phone for about 3 months now and have not had any problems such as dropped calls or any operational prolbems. The only thing I have had any problem with is understanding the manual. There is not enough detail about how to make certain things work, but eventually I was able to figure out everything that I wanted to do.  Over all I think it's a great phone and I really like the speaker phone part especially when listening to messages and being able to write down numbers without having to hold the phone on my shoulder.

I like Motoroals V551 is bcoz of it has got speaker phone and it speaker can be on while dialing it self. Which has got very screen resolution.

The best reason to buy this phone is that it has all 4 GSM frequencies which makes it great for traveling as you're far more likely to be able to make a call in a foreign country with all 4.  Also being a flip phone which ends the call when you close it you don't have the risk of forgetting to end the call in Europe and getting a really big bill.  As to the hundreds of teenager features I haven't got a clue but it works better than my last phone.

I have owned this phone for 3 months and it has performed superbly. The ring-tones are wonderful. The reception is superior to all phones I have owned since 93' combined. The talk quality both in listening and transmitting is amazing. I have no idea why some have rated this phone subpar because it really has worked incredibly well for me. Get this phone, it will make you happy!

This phone is no good..  Ear volume is WAY too quiet.  Signal jumps up and down and all around.  Calls hang and do not complete connection.

Battery life was okay until the phone was about 4 month old. Had to get a new one and see the same issue. Note that running this phone w/ a Bluetooth headset (also by Motorola) may drain the battery in the course of a single day! Recommend - Don't buy!

I bought this phone two weeks ago and the battery life listed in standby mode says "170 to 240 hours". Thats directly from motorola in their documentation. The truth is this phone lasts about 4 to 5 hours, EVEN IN STANDBY before the battery is dead. Use it at all and it will last you about 2 hours. Use bluetooth in the car? It will last about 30 minutes.Check google with a search for "v551 battery problem" and witness the truth. This phone is trash and nobody should make the error of purchasing one and wasting your money like I did. Motorola has no plan to fix this problem, so dont buy this phone.

I bought this phone after taking my v220 back to the store the same day I bought it.  This is a great phone.  It isn't flemsy like some of the phones out there now.  The picture quality is excellent!  It adjust to the light and you can zoom in and out.  The speaker phone is an excellent feature, it's so clear on both ends that you really don't need an earpiece.  The quality of the ringtones is great. The only reason that I'm not giving it five stars is because the lens doesn't have a cover on it, so it's not protected from dust and things like that but, don't let that stop you from buying it, I just wipe it down using a Q-tip occasionally and it's fine.

This is by far the worst phone that I have ever had.  I have had three different copies of this phone (Not by my choice.  Under Cingular's Warranty program, you can't even discuss getting a different model untill your third replacement).  For my first verision, the phone stopped holding a charge.  For my second copy, the only way I could hear people on the other end was through speakerphone.  For my most recent version (which I had for only FIVE DAYS), the microphone did not work, so people on the other line could only hear static.  Luckily, I am finally going to get a different model.  Do not buy this phone under any circumstances.  You will be aggrevated and dissapointed.

This phone is solid when it works. WHEN IT WORKS. I'm on my 4th, only because im putting up with this madness until my contract runs out. I have no problem with cingular's service but this phone is a nightmare. It just dies and cannot be restarted. Apparently this IS A COMMON PROBLEM. Why Motorola and cingular would continue to to put a defective product is beyond me. I will not buy another motorola phone and if cingular doesnt cut me a great deal when my contract is up I will no longer use their services either.Poor poor job on cingular and motorola's part.Stay away.

I rate this phone a 1 only because the bar cannot be lowered any more.This phone is unreliable at best. Some of the features include:-Low volume levels that get worse with age-Terrible reception! Go from full signal strength to none without even moving-Drop calls like mad especially with Cingular's ServiceSo, if you are a person who generally likes to frustrate themselves, purchase this phone. I know about 4 other people who have the same phone and the same problems. Beware!!!!!!!!!

Used overseas only in Taipei, Beijing, ShenZhen. No US service.Upgraded from a V400 because I wanted BT. IMO this is a very solid phone in terms of construction, battery life, signal reception. Had not seen any problems such as call dropping or poor signal quality problems. Earpiece volume seems to be adequate (for me). Ring volume could be louder but the polyphonic ring tone helps it. Battery life seems to depend on locality where the phone was used. I have seen the battery needing to be recharged in a day or 2, or it can go 3 or 4 days without needing to be recharged for similar amount of use. Quite happy with the phone.

I only got this phone two days ago, but I have to tell you it's already proven to meet all my expectations and more. The most significant thing about this phone is the great voice quality. I still have my old cellphone working (Samsung x426 from AT&T), and for the last two days whenever I get a call on it, I tell people that I'll call them back with my new Motorola cellphone, so I can immediately hear the difference, and everyone have been telling me how clear I sound on the new phone. Gone are the days of saying "what? what?" all the time and asking people to repeat what they said. I can hear everyone loud and clear, even in the middle of a party. The camera is also nice and easy to use. The interface may have few quirks, but it's reasonably easy to use. This phone at over 4 ounce is larger and heavier than the Samsung, but definitely manageable. The number of rings and games it comes with is disappointing, although there is a way to download mp3 as ring tones. Overall, a very good phone with superb voice quality and clarity.

Facts:1. Every 10 minutes, the signal bar goes from 5 to 0. With a phone like this you are better off with a landline. My friend who lives with me in the same apt, has a cingular service and a nokia phone and the reception is much better in her phone. Sometimes I dont even get a ring when I get a call, it directly goes to voicemail. Even if you live on top a cellphone tower, dont buy this phone.2. The stupid charger doesnt charge the cell. You have to fiddle with it for 5- 10 minutes to make the cell phone charge.3. You have to go to 100 places to disable the phone from accessing the internet. Else you will get a heart attack when you get your monthly phone bill.4. I agree it has fancy features like bluetooth, but it is bad at searching other devices and transfering a file can be consider a nobel prize task.Whats the use of a PHONE when the basic reception doesnt work.

I was am very disapointed with this phone. I am in in the process of sending it back in exchange of the Nokia 6230. I knew that I should of stayed with Nokia but I wanted to try something different. The reception is terrible and week. I can only use this phone when I'm inside my house by the windows. When I'm in certain areas in my state there is a lot of static. I didn't have all of those problems with my Nokia 3560. I just can't deal with it anymore. I've had the phone for 2 weeks and I'm ready to send it back. If you want a phone with good reception don't buy Motorola. A lot of my friends had bad experiences with Motorola as well.The Cingular customer service is just as bad. They keep transferring me around. Nobody seems to know where to send me. Since I ordered online they say that I need to exchange it online. Well I can't find the option anywhere. So now I'm back on the phone.

My wife and I each purchased V551s with our migration to Cingular 6 months ago. In that time (during which the phone was never dropped, bumped, etc), I've replaced my phone twice, and hers once. The problems we've had include:- random "white screen of death"- Bluetooth connectivity problems (isolated to phones)- dropped calls in perfect reception areas- random battery indications- the infamous "Unable to Charge" problemAdd to that Motorola's lousy phonebook and UI, and retarded Bluetooth handling (e.g., if any BT device is connected, the same Moto default ring sounds, regardless of sound profile or caller-specific ringtones), and you have an overpriced, overhyped, oversize paperweight.I'm fortunate Cingular offers my company's employees discounts on new phones, so that I can go back to Sony Ericsson. My old T616 gave me 2 years of perfect service, even after having been dropped twice. It's on its 2nd owner now, who has used it for 6 months problem-free.

I thought this phone would be better then my LG, I had. I love that it has a camera and video, but that is really the only good things about it. My phones freezes, drops calls, changes the audio on it's own, and now, it won't hang up when it's closed so my battery dies if I don't turn it off, so I have to turn it off when I am not using it, which means I miss calls. I am definitely looking into another phone right now.

This is the best phone I've had yet.  I haven't had any problems with it and have had it almost two months.  I've only had one phone called that dropped and I can get reception in every building I've been in with it.  In the back of Super Target I had to move 2 feet b-4 I could get reception, that was the only incident.  I've used it in Sam's Club, Super Wal-mart etc. and it's clear as a bell.  Can't say that for other cells I've owned in the past.  I love the camera, it's not extravagant, but it's good for what I wanted.  Easy to use, cute, bright colors, blue tooth is awesome!  I wish I could get better access to the web, but it's not a PC after all!  I get asked about this phone a lot to people who are thinking of purchasing a new cell, I always tell them they will be happy with it.

I won the phone so I'm not as critical as I would be if I had paid for it.With that said, be aware that the first software release had a problem that caused the screen to lock up--it would be white. The quick fix was to close and reopen the flip. The better fix is to return the phone for a new one or to have the phone flashed with the newer software.I've also noticed that I drop more calls when using the V551 versus a Blackberry 7280.Motorola should have done a bit more laboratory testing before releasing the phone.

This phone is pretty neat....Keep in mind that the chrome outer layer DOES BREAK EASILY! and the blue outside screen is worthless bc u cant see self-portrait photos on it....it does NOT have a flash which plays a BIG part in what i buy....the good side is that it DOES capture video and it does look nice...better ringtones wouldve been nice though....its okay if ur not too picky about features

I have been a Cingular customer and always liked the coverage. So decided to upgrade with them after my contract got over. I got the V551 after signing an additional 2 year contract (which I always think is not right).I had a few issues with the phone though.- NO CALLING CARD functionality. I make a lot of international calls and having this is imperative. All Nokia and SonyErricson phones have that. Its stupid to not have it. This was probably the one thing that made me return it. I could have lived with other issues.- Battery indicator not accurate: The indicator will easily fool you into thinking the battery is full when its not. In the two weeks that I had the phone the phone went dead on me atleast thrice. I am not saying that it runs out of juice quickly, but if it gave good notice I could have planned for recharging it.- This is probably because I am used to Nokia... but the menu could have been better.- THE PHONE IS LOCKED: thanks to Cingular even after signing a contract the phone comes locked. This is just not right!!! I searched some websites and they quote anywhere from 25 - 50 bucks to unlock the phone for you. You have to mail the phone in. This is so not right.Pros:- Bluetooth is amazing. I am probably more happy about the technology than the phone it self. This was my first bluetooth phone and it seemed to work fine. I paired it with Motorola HS820 and was happy about it. I did lose the connection a few times though and I don't know if its the phone or the headset. I could hear the other party but they couldn't hear me.- I haven't tried the PCsync capability but that was one of my requirements and the phone has it. The calendar functionality in the phone though is ok. would rate it on 4 stars.Hope this helps.

When it comes to buying a cell phone, most people look for several different attributes: battery life, ease-of-use, style, extra features, and price.  This phone does well on 4 of these 5, as listed below:Battery life: On a single full charge, I have found it to last about 2 days with moderate usage (about 4 hours of talk time). Other phones can last longer, but if you have a charger at home, just put it on the charger before you go to bed and you'll be fine.Ease-of-Use: Button speed and navigation through the menus are both cumbersome and slow.  This is nothing new to Motorola phone users, though, as this has been a problem for as long as I can remember.Style: Gorgeous phone.  Rubber back and sides keep the phone from sliding around and prevents scratching.  Front gray metal can scratch easily.Additional Features: Bluetooth is a nice extra.  Camera can take video and takes nice pictures (1+ megapixel camera).  Speakerphone is loud.  Games and ringtones are very few, but can download them (for a price).Price: $99 for a nice quality phone with bluetooth and a camera.  Could have easily been priced out of most people's price range (remember the Moto V60?), but a nice price tag keeps it accessible to most.Overall, the phone is a good buy for professionals looking for a reliable flip phone.  Extra features are a nice plus, but you'll have to deal with a weak interface common to all Motorola phones.

This is phone has aboslutely crushed all my expectations..Bad ReceptionLow Battery Life.. If you miss to charge it at night.. you are gone for the next dayBacklight doesn't stay more than 10-15 seconds...Need to particularly assign ringtones for all the numbers in the phone book else you won't get the ring.. the default is NONE.The side button changes the.. Ringer profiles.. from loud to silent... and it happens all the times ..Now coming to pros..Really Good Camera..Captures good videos too..Bluetooth...(never used it though)I'm getting a Nokia 3120.. can't afford to buy another phone..Finally.. Get this phone.. only.. if you boast of having very good reception.. and you don't miss to charge every night..Hope this helps..

i have the motorola V551 and this phone is extremely awesome... just about the same as the razr, but without the thin part. if this thing does have a slight flaw on.. its the camera... doesnt have flash so taking pictures in dim areas is not great... but it works well nevertheless.

This is my second motorola phone; the first lasted about a year and a half, and I've had this one for about a year a 4 months. It's very durable, and has been dropped and thrown and bounced around countless times, with no ill effect. I do have a bodyglove case for it, which I'm sure affords some protection, but I have to give some of the credit to the phone.As for the people who say this phone won't let them call certian numbers, or won't accept calls (tells callers that the number is unavailable/doesn't exist) - I know this was a problem that Cingular had in some areas of the country. I called them about it several months ago (I was having the same problem) and they said they were aware of it and were working to fix it. I haven't had that problem again since then, so I would say it's a problem with the service, not the phone.The volume is a little low sometimes, but it's still definitely easy to hear in quiet places, and, while it's difficult to hear in noisy places, so is any other phone. The speakerphone and camera are great; the video is really cool because it doesn't have a time length like the video feature on many other phones, so you're not restricted to 15 seconds of video at a time.All in all, a very good phone - I'll definitely go for another Motorola when I upgrade this phone!

I purchased this phone specifically for the bluetooth technology.  I also purchased a Motorola HS810 bluetooth headset to go with it.  My prior experience with bluetooth is that it is always ON.  NOT SO with this phone!  Every time I turn on my phone or open the boom for the HS810, I have to go through the menu to reconnect to my bluetooth HS810!  For me, this defeats the purpose.  Of course I can always leave the phone and HS810 on and never turn them off, but that's a waste of battery for me.  Very Disappointing in this age of technology.

I'm not the type that goes through cell phones quickly.  My last phone was a Non-Color (yes, it was old) Nokia.  I was excited to get this phone but boy was I disapointed. I have owned the phone since it was released, so consider me a V551 expert.  Here are all of the cons (i hate this phone so much I'm not going to list any pros other than all of the cool shortcut keys....all of the cons negate the pros).*The phone is really slow in everything it does.  When you answer it by flipping it open, you have to wait 2 seconds to say "Hello" or the person won't hear you.  When you hang up, you have to hit the end call button repeatedly to end the call.  When you scroll down the phone book, the scroll is slow.  When you access a new menu, for instance office tools, the phone takes a while to go into that menu. I think you get the point...the phone is freakin' slow.*The convenient web-browser button is not so convenient.  I keep hitting the darn thing on accident.  I try to hit the red end call button ASAP, but since the phone is soooo slow, it takes forever to exit the browser.  As a result, a certain # of bytes are transfered and I fork over about 4 bucks to Cingular every month, which pretty much erases my employment discount.*Speaking of rip off, you cannot download a game or ring tones without being double-charged.  Cingular charges you for game/ringtone and on top of that charges you for the download when your phone accesses the browser.  What a CROCK!!!!*When scrolling through the phonebook, trying to find a name, you cannot search for the name.  The phone will only let you scroll to the first initial, say an "S" by pressing the 7-button 4 times, then you have to manually scroll down to the name you want.  If you try to type the 2nd letter of a person's name, let's say a "C" for Scott, the phone will take you to all of the C's (Chris, Carter, Cynthia, you get the idea). This drives me nuts.*The camera is terrible.  The camera's eye is inverted into the phone's casing, causing dirt to build up and cover the camera's lens.  Thinking that the quality issues will be solved by cleaning the lens, i couldn't be more wrong.  The phone appears to take decent pics, but when you save a pic that looks good to the phone and then go to view it later, the pic is blurry as hell.  I don't understand why it looks fine before it is saved, and so completely horrible later.  The funny thing is, i'm not exaggerating.*While I'm not a big fan of camera phones (but still find them practical), I thought i'd mention this for those of you who are.  When taking pictures to use for your wallpaper, it's extremely hard to get a picture centered.  The phone lets you choose if you want to have a full-screen wallpaper, centered, or tiled.  But for some reason, some of the pictures you take cannot be centered.  I took a pic of a logo of my favorite sports team to apply as my wallpaper, but when doing so half of the logo would be cut off, no matter which of the 3 settings i chose.  It took me an hour to get the wallpaper i wanted because of quality issues (blurring) and centering problems i endured.  Friends with other phones have much better cameras (LG's, Razr, etc..)*You cannot save text messages that you are in the process of writing.  If someone calls you when you are writing an essay of a text, you have to start all over... yes you are screwed.  The phone doesn't save all the work you have done to the "drafts".  If you close the phone during a text or accidently hit the red end call button(the universal button on cell phones that takes you back a screen or to the phones main screen) which is next to the "3" or "def" button, the phone won't save your draft to the drafts.  I don't understand why the phone even has a drafts function since you cannot even manually save a text message to the drafts.  The only way the phone saves a message to the drafts is if someone textes you while you happen to be writing a text (yes, during those eventual text messaging wars with the girlfriend).*Drop calls.  I pretty much get reception everwhere.  However, in my bedroom and living room, where i do get full reception, I will lose a call between every 1 and 3 minutes.  Funny, cause i will have full service, then i hear static, then nothing, but the other person can hear me, so i look at by bars which are incrementally decreasing, which then i hit the end call button (remember repeatedly because the phone is slow), and when the phone finally ends the call, a few seconds later all of the bars shoot back up and the phone is fine.  This process repeats.*Charging is slow.  If the phone does die completely, you can forget about using it for the next 30 min to an hour, cause that's exactly how long it takes for the phone to get enough power to start up again.  If you try to power the phone before that, it will shut off before it starts up all the way, and you have to wait even longer to use it.  Don't forget to charge it every night if you are a heavy talker or you'll be using pay phones the next day.  Also, i don't know if this is just my phone or if it is quite common....Apparently the male end of the charger that connects to the wall, and the female end on the phone has a loose contact.  My phone will only charge if i keep the charger's connector pressed to the right.  I don't know if that makes sense, but because of the wiggle room caused by the design of the forked shaped connector, the phone will only charge if you keep the adapter from wiggling and to the right. I don't have an issue with battery life like other v551 owners, but i would if i didn't charge every night.*I'll get a blank or white screen sometimes.  I don't know why but it seems as if the phone freezes for about 10 seconds, but then goes back to the main screen and is fine.  It's bizarre. Also the phone will not let me switch skins.  When i try to switch skins the phone goes through this freezing process.  I think i read from another review that there's a bug or somehting, but it seems that when you open up the box of your 551, "you never know what you're gonna get."*You cannot use the phone's cool features, such as voice dialing; assining #'s as work, home, cell, pager; assinging pics to phone #'s; etc...unless the phone # is saved to the phone.  That would be fine, but the phone does not allow you to save the # to both the cell and the SIM without making duplicate entries in the phone's phone book.  Yes, that means it takes even longer to scroll through the phone book.  So, if you transfer a # to the phone but do not leave a copy on the SIM (because you do not like seeing duplicate entries in the phone book), you cannot use your SIM in another phone and have the same #'s.  Or if something happened to your v551 but not your SIM, the #'s would be lost.  It's just dumb technology to me....My ancient Nokia and even more ancient phone before that could store the same # on both the phone and the SIM without making a duplicate entry.  I do have one # with a duplicate entry in my phone book, and when i select her name to send her a text message, it checks off both entries even though i select only 1 of them.  I'm not sure if i'm being charged twice for sending 1 message.*When i first got this phone my girlfriend would say that she texted me and called me, but i wouldn't get a text or a missed call (guess how many fights that caused?).  She thought i was crazy until she borrowed my phone one day and witnessed it herself.  A month ago, i didn't receive any calls, voicemails, or text messages for 3 days.  Right when i thought i was a total loser, my phone started blowing up with 3 day, 2 day, and 1 day old messages that were back logged.  Yes my phone was on the whole time, yes i restarted it during the three days, and yes i could make outgoing calls.  I could probably blame it on Cingular, but i hate the V551 so much i have to say it's the phone.Don't buy this P.O.S.  Go with the much LIGHTER and sleeker samsung e316 or e317. I just received a used e316 and it works great... it even has a color external LCD (pics!!) that the 551 doesn't. If you need Bluetooth try the lighter and sleeker Razr, but i'd be reluctant to after such a bad first impression with Motorola.

Wonderful phone!Pros:-PRICE!-Shell looks good (When I saw pictures, I thought it would be ugly, but it turned out to be nice)-EDGE modem-Decent camera-Crisp, well-lit screen with big numbers-Large, clearly seperated, well-backlit keys-Bluetooth-Loud, clear speakerphoneCons:-Long wait when saving/discarding pictures-A bit too much Cingular crap-Long and complex menus-No option to remove pre-installed pictures, screensavers, and tones-No color screen on outside-Data cable is $30, unless purchased on eBay ($7-$20)Wanted features:-Ability to answer calls to speakerphone with phone shut-Expantion slot-MP3 playback

My husband and I each bought these phones not to long after they came out. I had always heard good things about Motorola, but I really don't recommend this phone. I wish I would have saved the $100 a piece I paid for them.I like some things about the phone... the camera is alright, it has a lot of features, and it is pretty easy to use.My major problem is that both phones CONSTANTLY cut out and hang up on people. Plus, you never know how long you have been talking to yourself.The phones have speaker phone, which is a really good thing because that is usually what I have to use just to be able to hear the person I'm talking to.It is the worst when I am talking to my husband on his phone, I guess since they are the same phone.I really do not recommend this phone. I really don't think it is worth it, even if you can get it for free now.

I purchased this phone just over a year ago, and it broke down within a year.  The display, which was excellent, is now difficult to see when the "flip" phone is flipped open more than halfway.  I agree with the other reviewers who state that charging is awful.  The charge does not last more than 24 hours on standby and the recharging cord can come out and eventually it will not stay in at all.  I can't say if poor reception is due to Cingular or just certain areas that I'm in such as downtown Miami (the boonies).  There are some good features to this phone, but none redeem the poor length of charge time, especially considering the Motorola specs.  There is a plethora of cellular phones out there; I'll be choosing something else, probably not from Motorola.  Don't choose this one and don't blame me if you do.

Cingular has dreadful customer service. The phone is great but I tried porting my number over from T-Mobile and it was a MONUMENTAL task. First I was on hold for over 45 mins with Cingular. Wrong department. Gave me another number. Dead line. Called back. Waited 25 minutes. Told me that I had to go to the store. Went to the first store. They told me that I had to request the port BEFORE the phone was activated and it was now too late. Went to ANOTHER store. They said they could help. Took them an hour, but it happened. NOT impressed.So, if you need to port your number - be aware!

I got this phone from Cingular one week ago, and it NEVER worked. I had to call them and waitting for more than 30 mins to talk to the representative AGAIN and AGAIN and AGAIN during mt thanksgiving holiday. They still CAN NOT fix the problem so far. Their excuse is the merge of Cingular and AT&T. I guess they already have enough customers now and do not need any more. I am going to return my phone and swith back to T-mobile. At least I can see the logo on my phone. KEEP AWAY from this LOUSY company!!!!!

I've gotten the phone just recently, i was hesitant at first bec. of its ergonomic style. but soon as i got a feel of the phone it sort of grown into me. it's loaded with good features such as stream video, camera, voice record, speaker, real music tone. and much more. overall, if you are looking for a good phone with less pretty penny, i would invest in Motorola's V551.

Awful, wretched, miserable P.O.S. Do NOT buy this phone (Motorola V551). Nothing but trouble with the power supply, battery, battery life, charging time, lack of ability to recieve or make calls while charging, missed calls, etc. Today the battery charger died - now I can't charge this chunk of crap at all and Cingular will not make warranty replacements at ANY of the so-called 'Cingular' stores in my area (Manhattan). I either have to wait for those clowns to send me a new charger or go buy a new one at MY expense after owning this hateful object for less than 70 days. I hate this phone and I hate Cingular.

My husband and I recently signed up for Cingular service and purchased these phones for $150 each.  We have already been through 4 of these phones and they are how do I put this nicely...a piece of junk.  As soon as I walked into my office the next day people came out of the wood works and hoped I had better luck than they did with this phone.  We'll I didn't.  I am a real estate agent and have lost at least $5,000 due to unreceived business phone calls.  The phone will just shut off for no reason right in the middle of a conversation.  It will lock up not allowing you to turn it off or anything.  For several days at a time I was getting no calls at all.  I was told by some of the callers that they were hearing an ear piercing sound and then it would just go dead.  That REALLY helps my business. NOT.  Then sometimes my voicemail doesn't even work.  Upon the 4th phone we called Cingular to change to a comparable phone.  Well Cingular could care less if your phone works or not.  It is sad when a company doesn't stand behind their products.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE AND GET A REPUTABLE CELLULAR COMPANY THAT STANDS BEHIND THEIR NAME AND PRODUCTS.  IF YOU DONT YOU'LL PAY IN THE END.

I bought this phone from an independent AT$T dealer as a replacement phone on July 28, 2007.  My phone was the third tested in a store: the first two did not even recognize the sim card. After a couple of days of constant charging and recharging, I found out that the battery holds only for a couple of hours and the indicator jumps from 6 to 4 to 2 at its own "will." I contacted AT&T;, and the rep told me that I had to go to the AT&T; company store and exchange it.  At the store, they said that they could not help me, so I had to send it the company.  I found out through Motorola that my phone's warranty had expired in February of 2006, which means that the store was selling used items as new ones (I checked s/n numbers of the first two phones at Motorola's website and their warranties had expired as well). AT&T; customer service rep, who I asked to investigate the issue said they did not even have people who would work on those types of investigation.  She was trying to convince me that it was up to the dealers what kind of phones to sell. Ridiculous, isn't it?I would advise everyone not to buy phones from the so-called authorized dealers, because you would be paying for a new phone without knowing what you are getting. Later AT&T; will exchange the phone for another one, but they have a right to give you a refurbished model with a short warranty.I would also like to warn everyone that AT&T; wireless customer service is the worst I have ever encountered. People in a replacement unit in New Mexico speak English with such heavy accents that it is a real torture to discuss service issues with them.  When my contract expires, I will definitely switch to a different carrier.

If you're with Cingular or AT&T; your phone comes activated which means that when you have your number ported your original activated number gets canceled which voids your warranty. The website only says that they haven't worked out a procedure with Cingular and to contact Cingular. No mention of their dealer code cancellation if number ported. Some people are going to be in for a very big surprise when they don't get the rebate. Because I had my number ported which I needed I am stuck and Amazon will not work with me on this. It's a shame because up until now I have been very satisfied using Amazon. Now I feel like I've been taken for a lousy $100.As far as the V551 phone... it's great and I'm really happy using the bluetooth Motorola HS 820 headset while driving. Voice dialing, clarity and everything else is fine so I don't understand some of the negative reviews below. It's an earpiece not a telephone and everyone hears me fine.Mobile PhoneTools also works fine with desktop using Linksys adapter and the V551. It does everything it's supposed to do so again I don't understand negative reviews. I'm using XP and a 1.8 processor with 512 MB memory.

I just bought this phone today, and i just wanna tell you somethings that may help you make a decision.I upgraded from the Motorola t720, and I am amazed that my chargers for that phone work in this one.  Also, i just saved all my phone book entries to my SIM card in my old phone, and the card is now in this phone, as with all my phone entries.  This phone lets you take pics of your contacts, and will display the pics next to the entry!  As with the T720, this phoen lets you assign different ring tones to the entries.The ringtones are awesome, the best i have heard on any cell phone.  The camera has a zoom, and it takes awesome pics, it even adjusts to dark and extreme light.  The screen is awesome, very bright and has awesome detail.If you are used to a flip phone, especially a motorola, then this will be easy to navigate.The outside trim has a rubbery feel to it, like it might actually be able to take a pretty good bump.  It is a very solid phone, the hinge is strong feeling.Of course, i have had this phone one day, so i may have complaints later, but i hope i can help someone out with a decision.The one thing i dont' like about this phone, is that it is kinda thick.  Not nearly as light as my old T720.

People have pretty much commented on the pros and cons and I won't repeat.  But just to give you an idea of the sloppiness of the design team.  The phone has a nice speaker phone on th eback of the phone.  That's ok but it also means that you want to use it with the phone folded.  You would think that a standard feature of the phone would be to answer calls on speaker when the phone is folded by hitting the smart button and then disconnecting by hitting it again.  Nope and it's not programable.  Smart button is a dumb button.Another annoyance.  Let's say you want ot adjust the volume of the ringer while the phone is folded.  Easy huh? Nope, you have to switch through some preset modes by clicking on the smart button.  Too bad if none of the modes have the right volume for the situation.Other annoyances are reflecting facets which blind you with sunlight just when you're trying to read the screen.No games and if you want some you have to pay for them and the download so you're double charged.  Come on.  Talk about extortionate practices.  Just charge once please and don't force us to sign up for more service packages.I made the mistake of getting my phone through sbc and paid for it.  Given that you get paid if buy it here it's not so bad for what you pay.

First off, I've had my v551 for months and haven't had ANY of the problems listed below. And frankly, wonder about the sort of battery abuse, etc. some employ. As far as dropped calls go, that's not the phone, but the service provider, normally. If your radio or TV actually drops a signal, is that the cable provider or radio station? Or, your receiver? Hint: it's not your receiver unless it's been struck by lightening or something.Back to the v551--loaded with features, very clear sound, very reliable--a very popular phone. In fact, what you would expect from a Motorola and a phone in this price range.Thus, if you like the features and the v551's appearance, get it. Just don't abuse it or accuse it unsensibly.

I've had my Motorola V551 for the 2 years I've been with Cingular.  I'm now due an upgrade, but I'm having trouble finding a phone that is better than this one!  I'm trying to be smart and read reviews for any phones I'm considering, but there's always something about each and every one that I look at that turns me off from them.  I keep comparing the features to that of my phone, and none so far are worth me parting with, what I think, is the perfect phone!I'm not so high-tech, but I know what I like: flip-style phone with camera, video, Bluetooth, Text messaging, and internet.  This phone has all that.  Sure, I'd like to have a phone in a cool, new color (like the maroon razr), but I'm not willing to give that much for it when it sounds like a lot of disappointed people aren't that impressed with it.Like the old saying goes, "Why fix something that isn't broken?"

This is my 3rd Motorola phone ever (previously, T720, V120e). I must say when comparing this to the T720, the phone completely destroys the competiton. There are a small percent of users who may experience a white screen bug which is easily fixable by going to a cingular sort to get reflexed. Pros: Quick Menus, Nice LCD Display, Mp3 tone capability, text/internet capable, Data capable. Cons: Battery life is just average, Bluetooth connection with Mobile Phone Tools sucks (Doesn't work), Camera/Video is not great. I would recommend this phone for anyone that would like to get a new phone with Cingular!

After doing some homework/research on it, I ordered it and just received mine.  Glad I did.  BTW, thanks for all the reviews here, it did help in my decision-making.  It's a nice phone with some great features i.e. bluetooth and EDGE.  This is few steps up from the Moto V400 (what I previously owned, another good phone).  I would highly recommend this to those who like flip phones and don't mind not having the smallest cell phone around.  A lot of positives have been written here so I'm going to jump to things you might worry.I didn't give this phone 5 stars because the hotkey for the internet is placed too close to the send button that it can be accidently hit too easily.  Each time you press it, Cingular will charge you 2 cents for the 2k data usage if you have the pay-as-you-go plan, even if you cancel off immediately (what a great way for Crapular to make few extra bucks!).Another reason:  if you've decided to buy this phone, do check to make sure it's from the BA batch and not from the AA batch (by checking on the phone underneath the battery when you take the battery out, it's some numbers/letters followed by BA or AA). There have been problems with *some* phones from the AA batch that the screen would go white randomly.  It's substantial enough that Moto has asked Cingular to stop the initial distribution.  Any batches above AA will solve this issue.Unless you're a nitpicker or a disgruntled Cingular user (see below), I have no doubt you will be pleased.  If you're Donald Trump, go with the Razr V3.

What a downer. I bought the V551 phone because I wanted to support Motorola. I paid $150 through Cingular. I can't hear anyone anymore - the volume is just not there! What good is everything else about the phone if it doesn't work with it's main purpose. I'm going through the process of getting a replacement through Cingular. We'll see how it goes.

I don't know if it's Cingular (we call it "Stinkular" as an ongoing joke) or the phone, but we are experiencing all of the same things that are being said here.-At least 5 dropped calls per day. I'm tired of saying "Hello? You there?" only to look at the phone and realize I've been talking to myself for the last minute.-The charging on this phone is plagued by poor design.  The plug can be easily moved in such a way as to not charge the phone when you think it's being charged.-Sound is the worst.  You can barely hear anyone with the volume turned all the way up.-Reception is also the worst.  Don't know if it's cingular or the phone, but from what I hear here, must be both.-Phone is packed with features, but it is the slowest phone I have ever used. There is such a delay when dialing, accessing menus, everything.-Freezes up like it was made to do so.  Have had the phone exchanged and it still doing the same thing.-Have had to pull the battery to get it to unfreeze

This is perhaps one of the worst phones I've ever used. I've constantly have had bad reception (family and friends have also complained with this), the layout is hard to use, and i get tons of dropped calls everday. it seems as if cingular decided to release a phone without seeing if it actually works. if you actually want to talk to people - this is not the phone to get.

I bought a MOTOROLA V551 one year back. It is very difficult to charge this phone. If you insert the plug of charging cable, it keeps saying unable to charge . You have to give it side pushes and try all stupid gimmicks before it starts to charge. There have been days when it took me20 MINUTESto start the charging of this phone. The colors blue and silver are not flattering either. Why does nt motorola give some good colors, may be just metallic ones will do.I NEVER got the rebate on this phone . Either cingular or amazon is to be blamed.Overall this phone will get 2 stars from me.

I've had this phone since Dec. 2004. The first one stopped holding a charge after about 6 weeks. I'd fully charge the phone and a little more than a day later, after no more than 10 minutes of talk time, the thing would be completely dead. I contacted Cingular and they shipped me a replacement very quickly.The replacement phone holds a charge much better (6 days), but the battery-life indicator doesn't follow an even path. It shows a full charge for several days, then goes to 2 bars of charge, and then dead, all but skipping 1 bar.The sound quality is about average. I like and use the speakerphone. Turns out I don't use some of the other features (Bluetooth, camera) as much as I expected.Annoyingly often, the phone doesn't ring when I have an incoming call, even when I'm in an area with a strong signal. Instead, I get the "missed call" beep about 15-45 after the call occurred.This is my third cell phone, and overall I like this phone better than my second phone but not as well as the first.

My chief complaint with this phone is that the Ringtone selector is accessible from the outside of the phone which causes it to be changed when simply handling it or fiddling with it in your pocket. There have been numerous times where i have missed calls because it was inadverdantly set to silent just from being pulled out of my pocket! The rest of the complaints are from the poor and confusing Motorola software and menu structure. This phone does quite a bit but rarely can i find how to access these features even after months of ownership and i have owned several other Motorola phones before. I often am talking and am buried in some inscrutable set of menu's when i am trying to do something else like activate bluetooth or find a number in the phonebook The software is also slow and unresponsive compared to Nokia or Samsung which gives it a lazy and inexact feel. Some of the pluses are the rubberized finish which is easy to grip, full support for bluetooth (although bluetooth sucks up so much battery power that it becomes borderline useless) and nice large well lit keys and crisp screen.The phone has an overall feeling of solidity without being too heavy or clumsy feeling. I have gotten more drops on this phone than any other but i have never used cingular before so i don't know whether its the service or phone. Overall i want to like the phone but i'm searching for something else as the frustrations arent worth it.

I just purchased this phone to replace a Nokia 3650.  Good in many respects listed below, but one thing I find incredibly wrong-headed about the design is this: the phone comes with Bluetooth and it is iSync compatible, it just isn't iSync compatible THROUGH Bluetooth - you have to buy a data cable!!  What is the point of even having Bluetooth if you can't even carry out a simple function like data syncing?PROS:1. Nice loud speakerphone2. Good fit and finish3. bright screen4. loud ringtones5. smart button placementCONS:1. Unnecessarily convoluted interface.  It shouldn't take four button pushes to take and store one picture2. Bad photo interface - no way to fill entire screen with photo, severely limited resizing - no way to blow up picture beyond full size3. Syncing address book and calender on Macs is impossible without data cable4. Batch transmission of photos through Bluetooth doesn't work.  Photos can be selected for transmission in groups but must be manually sent one by one.  Annoying and time consuming.5. Picture quality not even remotely as good as on the Nokia6. Photo software does not have ability to rotate picture.It is only because this product functions so well as a phone that I give it three stars.  It has terrific reception and sound.  But the interface is mess, requiring far too many button pushes to accomplish even the simplest tasks.  Also, paying for Bluetooth functionality on this phone is a waste of money if you use a Mac.  Especially since Nokia extends Bluetooth functionality on its phones to all of their phones' vital features, not just some of them.I suppose in a more fair scoring system I would give the hardware on this phone five stars, and the software only one star.UPDATED:  After owning this phone for a little over a month, the earpiece has stopped working.  I can only make and receive calls over the speaker phone.  A replacement phone is on the way.  Meanwhile, I am back to using my Nokia 3650, which I now realize has an infinitely superior operating system, and the picture quality isn't even in the same ballpark.  The Nokia produces about the most crisp and vibrant picture that can be expected on a low res camera, while the Motorola pictures are, by comparison, washed out and fuzzy.  And again, the Nokia operating system is sleek, intuitive and a breeze to use, making the Motorola look like the convoluted mess it really is.  At this point, the only real advantage the Motorola has is its size.  I regret buying it.  I'll probably give it to my wife, who doesn't care about Bluetooth or any of the phone's extra features.

I have had Cingular for two years and found the service to be very unreliable. I have had tons of missed calls, people try to call and it goes directly to voicemail even though my phone is on, and I won't get voicemails for hours after people call.Also Motorola makes the worst phones. The V551 is better than the last Motorola phone I had (V120 I think). I went throught four in a year and I did nothing to the phones except try to use it.Overall I can't wait for my contract to be over and don't bet a Motorola phone.

This phone came highly recommended by tons of people.  So I bought it this past summer in June.  Well, a couple months after having it, I have noticed a bunch of problems:1) I can't hear anything on the phone, even with full volume.  Most of the time I have to change to speaker phone to hear anything.2) Charging is a NIGHTMARE!!! I have to plug it in, move the charger around for about 10 minutes, and then place in very softly on the table.  It's like I'm trying to find a signal.3) I have had very long delays (5-10 seconds) of the phone registering that I hit a button.  Sometimes I can dial an entire 10 digit number before it recognizes the first.4) When I have a strong signal, it won't place calls for no reason.  Sometimes it will read signal busy, but most of the time it just returns with "Call Failed".I don't recommend this phone to anyone.

I am so irritated at the poor reception and dropped calls that I'm now taking steps to change phones, service carrier or both and I've made my peace with the notion I may end up losing money on the phone and early cancellation penalty. I was forced to upgrade both phone and carrier (ATT to Cing)when my old moto met with an untimely death. I needed a phone asap and did not research the 551 b4 purchase, a decision I deeply regret. I must clarify that I live in central florida near the I-4 corridor and this is NOT a low population density area. Many of my dropped calls have occurred on major arteries in this area, which are not rural. I am not a new user of cells and don't believe I have unrealistic expectations of service. I've consulted others for their opinion in an effort to "triangulate" feedback and reduce the possibility of my own subjective bias. Bottom line: despite my most sincere effort to avoid "leading" or "steering" responses, I have found NOT ONE favorable opinion in regard to reception and call drop rate.I do not doubt the favorable reviews others have posted, but at least in my area, avoid this phone.

By the spec. sheet and features set this phone looks great on paper. But in reality, like other moto products it doesn't funtion properly. In my opinion the bigest problem is due to the poor embeeded software on the phone. My V.551 does not repond very prompty to button presses. The biggest thing that disapoints me is a problem that shouldn't occur. When the phone is placed on the charger it often doesn't reconize it. For example if the phone's battery is dead, and one puts it on the charger it will just sit there with out starting charging. I have to open the flip display to tickle it into starting the charging process, now that's POOR DESIGN. A follow up on the same issue is that once chargeing has started, and if the battery is dead, the user can not turn on this phone. If he/she does the phone will turn on come to the home screen and imediatly shutdown. This can be very frustrating when you need to use your phone on the charger when the battery is dead.As well as those software issues, my phone generates large ammounts of electromagnatic noise. When my phone's on and I'm near anything with a speaker, that speaker makes quiet beeping noises. The amplitude and frequecy of speaker noises is higher if i'm on a phone call, or if the phone recieves signals from the tower. I am very concerned that this phone my be cooking me or what it could be doing to the next generation when its in my pocket.Don't try telling motorolla about your problems if you get this phone. They will just deny that there are problems and service you like you are a fool, not a customer with valid concers. I would recomend purchasing a phone form another manufacture.

I have had this phone replaced twice.  I liked the features, but if you use your phone a lot especially for business use, I strongly suggest you look into a nokia.  The earspeaker doesn't go as loud after a year of use and so I was forced to use either my speakerphone or bluetooth wireless piece to take in my calls.  My texts messages get delayed or I receive my text msgs too late (unless you turn off your phone, take out the battery and put it back in.. sometimes it will solve that problem), but I've been having that problem on both of my replacement phones.  Also, it started to automatically end my calls.  My contract is ending next month, so i'm going back to Nokia.

I just purchased this phone recently and for the amount of features and options that come with phone the manual is pretty much useless. They might as well not even give you one. There are certain features that I have no clue what they do, whether or not it would be better for me to change them of turn them off etc. Battery definetily could last longer. Does anybody know how to clear out the alarm clock so I can start entering new times. After you enter 5 times you can't enter anymore and I am not sure how to erase them so I can start entering new times again.

I will give this phone a rating of 5 piles of b@@l s@@t..The worst combination on earth is Cingular with Motorola V551.First, to make/receive call, you need a good phone instrument which V551 is not. Second, IF you have good phone, you should have good singals which cingular does not provide.This phone is bluetooth enabled. But in its life time, it did not find any other bluetooth enabled device even if the other device's bluetooth is on and its within 1 centimeter away from it.Besides, you can take pics, video, but there is no option to send this pics/videos by bluetooh. What a piece of crap. WHY THE HECK I get photos/videos for.If you press a key, it will take your lifetime to load the item you want. I can keep going & going & going....IF YOU LOVE YOUR LIFE, DON'T GET THIS PHONE. I am desparately waiting for my one year to be completed. That will be the happiest day of my life....If you buy it, you will make the biggest mistake of the your life.

I have owned this phone for one year. After six months calls started droping, bad signal catching and it goes on.I would never suggest this phone to any one.

I'm on my second V551. I had a Motorola T720 that I loved. So did my teenager. Well, his screen developed issues that prevented him from seeing his displays. Luckily we had purchased a service plan from Best Buy when signing up with Cingular the year before. So they replaced the phone with the V551. He got my old T720, & I got the V551. I got recharged for my ringtone-Star Spangled Banner, & my screensaver was no longer available at Cingular. But no problem as the V551 has a camera, & my 11y/o found flag/eagle/Statue of Liberty pix on the web & voila-took a pix & saved it to the phone. The sim card saved some numbers, but of course not most, so that takes forever to redo. Well right at first I had trouble hearing the callers. I was forever bumping up the volume. I went to Best Buy, Walmart, wherever I found Cingular, trying to hear better. I wasn't the only one apparently. Then a few weeks ago, people were saying they had trouble hearing me. I became the voice yelling,"Can you hear me now?" What clinched it for me was last week when I left 3 messages at home to my family who was home, & they didn't pick up because they couldn't hear me. As I went through messages I heard why they couldn't hear me, because I couldn't hear them either. I know the phone was refurbished. I didn't drop it. I didn't have charge issues. I like the menu's& phone book. I just couldn't hear it well. So I just got another V551 from Cingular itself this time. Luckily for me the phone had a year warranty from Cingular, because of course 90 days had passed from Best Buy. So far I can hear & am heard. I'm not pleased about the loss of my screen picture & ringtone-AGAIN-to be charged-AGAIN-for my ringtone. Of course when changing the phone #'s to the SIM card, most of the cell phone #'s were saved, not all, but I lost everything else. So I spent 2hrs replacing what I could remember. I took the old & new phone in to a Cingular store hoping they could retrieve the numbers from memory? in the old phone. Well they said did, but they didn't add anything new to the one's I already had replaced. I'm hoping to buy the software & cable to place all of it on my computer. Sounds like I'll be replacing the phone soon. It's interesting. We got Cingular because they seemed the best for our life, but at Walmart, my phone doesn't work in electronics, but my husbands V188 thru T-Mobil does. My neighbors went Verizon because her husbands phone thru T-Mobil didn't work when hunting in the hills/valleys. I loose calls all the time where you would think you'd be covered. Cingular has roll-over minutes which saves them from being changed by us for Verizon which has way cooler phones-esp. Sanyo's. Thanks for input people. RLT

first, in response to j. doe's comment: there IS an outside button to silence the phone. you press the volume button on the side and it'll tell you in the window your current ring style. then you press the button directly below, the voice record button, and you can silently change the notification mode. then you just press the volume button again and it's set.basically, i like the phone. it's easy to use, and the camera can take pictures of surprising quality, depending on the light. video is a nice thing to have, as well. the speaker is convenient because at times, the volume can be fairly low, but to me this has only happened on occasion with the same people, leading me to believe it's a problem with their phones and not my own, hah. also, when you're unable to hold the phone (driving or simply occupied) or wishing to allow more than one person to listen to the phone call, the speaker is a useful tool.the basic tools, like calculator and alarm clock, are available, but unfortunately, no games come for free but a single demo. also, missed calls could be organized better rather than being clustered with all received calls, but that may have to do with motorola (and cingular?) software in general rather than the phone itself.the battery is pretty strong and has never run out on me during an important conversation or at an inconvenient time. even when you have only one bar of battery, it'll still last you a good day and a half, at the least. and cingular, well, i prefer them to my previous provider since i now have service everywhere i go, whereas before i rarely did. i've never had a dropped call, or even static, but that could be entirely dependent on my geographic location.this phone is also a model that can be easily unlocked, in case one travels abroad and needs to buy a prepaid sim card to use the phone, which for some like myself who thoroughly enjoy travelling, is a MAJOR plus.i have the same complaints as most people, though. the charger is a bit clumsy to plug in and even when it is attached, it sometimes feels like it's not. i don't actually mind the separate phone numbers in the phonebook, but that is personal preference and i can see why that could annoy some. for the most part, though, i think this phone is well worth it. best i've had yet.

I am actually shocked by the reviews I saw saying how horrid this phone was. I have had mine now for over 6 months and have travelled extensively with it and have had no problems with dropped calls, poor reception (except in certain malls, but I expect that), and poor volume and freezing of the phone. This phone has been put through its paces and has held up very well (i.e. being dropped or being crushed in my overpacked purse), with just some minor scuffing. The pics I get off the phone are surprisingly good, though the video is not surprisingly poor, but what else would you expect from a phone. The bluetooth is brilliant and this is a great quadband phone, meaning you can travel around the world and it works great. In fact, the only reason why I didn't give this phone 5 stars is the placement of the speaker. It is only located on the back of the phone so if it is buried in a bag, or even in you pocket, you more than likely will never hear it ring even if it is on its loudest setting. However, this is the only drawback, and so if you are looking at getting a decent phone with a great camera and a nice look with a tactile cover, then this is a good choice.

wen i got dis fone i wuz impressed i tought i wusnt gonna like it but its very stylish no dought about dat overall the fone does have good reception n it has wonderful the bestes speaker..but den the fone iz xtremely fat its very heavey n wen it vibrates its very annoyin u hear the vibration more den the ring video records r like 10 seconds the keppads r 2 wide so i returned it for the samsung p207 which iz an awsome fone

GThat's about it poor reception.  Phone feature are good, pictures are poor quality and so is reception

this phone is... well... a lot of things. first of all i own it and i at first was not pleased. im on my second phone already as the first one broke very soon after purchase.pros: better display than any other phone, excellent ringtones, nice noud speakerphone.cons: the earpiece on my first phone died. no reason at all.

Simple.  Go to Menu > Settings > Security > Lock Application.It will ask for your unlock code.  Default is probably 1234 (if not, check your manual).Once you're in, lock all the web-related stuff.  This way, if you hit the cingular key by accident, you'll be prompted to put in your unlock code.

I've had this phone for just over a year and use it with my Cingular service.  This isn't a bad phone.  It's a world phone, has the normal phone book (with fax, email, multiple phone numbers), calendar, internet, calculator, voice recorder, downloadable games and ringtones, external caller ID/VM notification/text message, and signal strength, etc.  What I don't like is short battery life and having the ringer set up on the side of the phone.  Whenever I bump the side of the phone I change my ringers from what I have it set to, to something else.  Annoying.  Call quality is... eh, okay.  Motorola didn't hit their mark with this phone, but it's been reliable.  I guess that's all I can ask for.

This phone is hot!  Looks good, has a lot packed into it.  The only thing questionable is the battery, but that's only if you're constantly using the phone and if you don't charge it properly (let the battery die after each charge for a couple of days).  Otherwise, the battery is not bad.  Picture quality is great (even when zooming in), video quality is good.  Instruction manual not too useful, but it's very easy to find out a lot of features just by exploring.  Speakerphone is great (especially when playing MP3 ringers)!  Cop this phone...especially if you're gettin a new plan!

I just got my new v551 last week, and I must say it's the best I've ever owned.  I love the blue rubbery exterior and the brushed silver.  It's an attractive phone.  I've read several reviews that said negative things about the manual, but honestly, I don't have that problem.  I didn't even really need the manual because after playing around with the phone for about 15 minutes, I had all the menus figured out.I really like that it rings LOUD if need be, and I love the sturdy overall feel of the phone.  The speakerphone is the best I've had.  The reception is phenomenal.  I've had really bad phones/reception and now people are suprised that I'm on my cell phone and not on my land line.  It sounds that good.  The pictures are MUCH BETTER than I had with my LG 1200.  The screen/display is large and crisp.  I just can't say enough good things about this phone!!I am very pleased!  =)

My experience has mirrored that of the majority of V551 users.  In general, satisfaction for a couple of  months, then frustration, finally downright disgust.  Camera functions are okay ( good for screensavers & wallpaper), my battery life is good, (my wife's is bad), etc.  The worst experiences are dropped calls and many episodes of volume so low I have to activate the speakerphone (irritating in public).  My wife's small company purchased a Cingular plan and offered these phones to employees on the same plan, with about 6 or 7 takers.  All but one have experienced similar frustrations.  I get amused when I read a review stating that that person has had wonderful experiences with the V551 and has "...no idea why some have rated this phone subpar" because it has worked well for him.  The reason for reading several reviews is to get a general idea of satisfaction or dissatisfaction with a product.  No one product is going to give everyone ALL bad or ALL good experience.

Bought this phone earlier this year and I really regret it.I bought a Motorola v551 phone and realized that it doesn't hold charge beyond a day and I talk at most 1 hour a day.  I then realized that more than half the time I charge, the phone doesn't charge at all!  Infact the phone displays a message "Unable to Charge".  I realized I can only use my phone 3 or 4 days out of the week when I'm lucky enough to get it to charge.  Frustrated with this poor performance I replaced the brand new battery with yet another brand new battery.  No luck.  I called support and had the phone replaced but same problem still persists.  I read through several message boards and noticed many other people frustrated with the same problem.To make matters worse, this phone locks all ringtones and games you purchased for the phone.  You can NOT take it out of your phone using bluetooth so if you need to replace your phone be prepared to repurchase all the games and ringtones!!

I've had this phone for a little over 3 months now.  First of all, don't buy this phone if you can't figure out how to navigate through menus on your own.  The instruction manual (like most Motorola manuals) doesn't explain a whole lot and the menu is counterintuitive sometimes.  So for a first time cell phone user, it might be better to have a Nokia (my first phone) since they're easier to use.On the plus side, it has lots of features for the price....if you use them.  I use the camera a lot when I'm comparison shopping for things so I can remember what they look like or the prices of items.  The camera is your average cell phone camera.  It's cool that it has a zoom feature.  The video capture is a cool feature to impress your friends, but don't count on catching any action sequences.  It makes one big blurred mess if you try.I personally use the speakerphone a lot and people have said they can't tell I'm on it.  The Bluetooth I use sometimes.  I'd use it more if it didn't drain the battery so fast.Speaking of battery life, it's pretty bad.  I have to recharge the phone every night if I talk for more than two hours on it during the day.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the screen is hard to see in daylight.  Turning down the brightness on the screen seems to help it a little bit.One more thing..I'm the biggest klutz in the world.  I'm the Urkel of Texas.  :)  Well, I've dropped this phone three times onto concrete and it's survived and without a scratch even!  I don't recommend trying it, but if you're clumsy like me, the v551 may be good for you.

Worst phone I've used so far. It's so bad that I have made a solemn promise to myself that I will not buy ANY Motorola products.1. Battery life &lt; 1 day2. Phone charging is difficult as the contacts for the charger don't seem to hold up and it's a nightmare. Low battery life -> bad charger ... it's a cycle and a mad rush ensues in trying to charge the damn thing before it dies on me.3. The user interface is extremely annoying. I'm used to entering something on the phone and seeing it happen right away. On this, the lag between user input and the action happening is easily noticeable. You can type out a number or choose a menu item, and it takes a while to see it happen.4. It's not put together right. Try changing the battery, or the SIM and you'll know what I mean.5. Dropped calls - every 5 mins. or so into a conversation, this thing will just drop the call. Terrible.That's about it. I do not know a single person who has this phone who doesn't hate it and has gone back to their old phone (I know 3 others.) I made a mistake, you shouldn't.

I bought a new V551 in March of 2005.  Over the months, it got harder and harder to hear the person calling me.  By August, it was impossible for most of the calls I received.  Cingular shipped me a refurbished replacement, but that phone developed the same problem in the three weeks asfter it arrived.Buy something else.

I will say that this phone has been through a lot of minor drops over its year and 4 months, seemingly unscathed.  I like the display and the overall form of the phone.  However, there are two HUGE cons which are forcing me to shop for another one:1. The volume is terrible - as of the past few weeks the volume has dropped and I can barely hear anyone, even though the volume meter reads "7".  This really is awful.2. As with almost everyone else in these comments, I have had major issues with the charger.  The interface is needlessly complex with way too many pins to align - it has taken 10 minutes to get the thing to connect right.

If you need to use this phone alot outside in bright conditions consider getting something else.  You absolutely cannot see the LCD display on the cover or the inside of the phone in sunlight.  This means you cannot see who is calling, you cannot see if you have a missed message, if you do have a message you cannot see who it was from, you can't type a text message, you can't read a text message, you can't make a call (except blindly) and you cant take or view a photo if there is bright sunlight.  If you take this thing skiing, to the beach, etc. it's almost unusuable.Except for the problem with viewing the screen it seems to be a fairly well designed and full-featured phone.  I'm not overly fond of the motorola menu navigation, but will get used to it.

This phone seems to get fairly poor reception and drops my calls to the point of uselessness. The bluetooth connectivity is unreliable and, more than half the time, requires a reset before it can be used with another device. The user interface is not as usable and responsive (there is a slight delay in every button press).

I got this phone about a year ago, and I recently got another.It has good features, but is a small screen and the keys are annoying.It's clunky and very heavy, and doesn't fit easily in a pocket.I switched to a RAZR and am much happier, and gave my cousin the v551.

I own a v551, my wife owns a v551, 2 co-workers of mine own v551's.....I think I have enough experience with the v551 to know that its a piece of junk. Everyone I know, myself included, who owns one of these sorry phones has problems with it. Problems include repeated dropped calls, the phone turing off for no reason, dropping the blue tooth connection by itself, the screen going white for no reason, poor reception, lousy battery life, pathetic ring tone selection, terrible sound. I could go on if I had the time. In short, please take my advice and look elsewhere. I have had such a terrible experience with this phone, that I have vowed to never buy from Motorolla again.

This phone is a great phone especially for the price!  I got it through Cingular with a two year contract extension.  It cost $150 - $50 MIR for a total of $100.  This phone has all the features you could want in a high tech phone: Bluetooth, Camera plus VIDEO, QUAD BAND - it works all over the world, large bright screen, white back light numbers which is a nice professional change from the common blue, and it is made from this great blue, no-slip plastic.  The one thing I would like to have seen on this camera is expandable media.  The one annoying thing about the phone is the one button internet access.  Pushing this button by mistake will cost you 2-3 cents each time.  Overall this is a really great phone, and when you consider your getting quad band, bluetooth, a camera, and all for $100, you can't go wrong.

The phone gets 4 stars, the service 0 Stars for an average of 2.I got my V551 on a Friday and tried calling to get it activated and getting my cell number from ATT first migrated and then ported to my new GSM phone.  The phone is nice but I have yet to get as good reception out of GSM at my home as the old TDMA Startac I had.  That was quite a phone, everything you need-solid and easy and intuitive to use.Now to Cingular's TERRIBLE, HORRIBLE, VERY BAD Customer Service.  To get the phone migrated-then ported I called Cingular, who after 2 people talked to me said I had to go to the store.  I went to the store and he said I had to do it over their phone-back to Customer care.  After talking to 3 people on their phone, the phone CS guy gets on the line with the inside employee who can't or won't do what I need to do-Port me over from ATT to the new phone so the guy on the phone sends me home with a number to call to do it  17 people-I counted and only 6 hours on Saturday and 2 on Friday-and I had to double pay my bill.  Did I mention that you can have everything entered for a phone number and if you close the clamshell without pushing DONE, it ALL goes away?  Or that you have to turn the speaker off before closing the clamshell to hang up, or that anybutton answer doesn't work.  I want a phone that works like a phone.

First, let me tell you about these cell phone plans from Amazon.Unless you have a great credit score a deposit may be required.Chances are that if you are rejected, Amazon may not tell you.Knowing this, it is in your best interests to be very proactive.Always be certain to read the contract, or you may be sorry.Many contracts have huge penalties, which may not be aware of.Also many companies do not have coverage where they claim to.Zane, a town in Utah has more coverage than my office building.Once you are certain of a carrier and a plan, then pick a phone.Nobody wants to end up like me with cell phone trouble.

I purchased a brand new V551, wishing to take advantage of its EDGE internet capabilities. However, right out of the box it sucked the life right out of both the included battery and the one that I used on my V400. In fact, it looks as if both batteries are now unusable. There is no doubt that some of these units are defective.

I've had the v551 for about three weeks and had nothing but good luck with it.  After reading some of the reviews, its obvious they either didn't take the time to read the manual or didn't look at all the menu options.  Example - you can store multiple numbers per name.  My wife got the Razor at the same time and while I like a lot about that phone, this one was a better fit for me.Pros:- Great reception so far - even when I'm about 70 miles from the nearest large city.- Battery life is too good to be true.  Only charged the phone twice in the past three weeks and with fairly heavy usage.  I allowed the battery to completely discharge each time which some users don't think to do.- Camera works ok.  It's not a 4M camera, but it is easy to use and for the screen size does what I would expect.- Voice phonebook works like a champ - even in the car with the window cracked and the radio on, it picks the correct number.- Speaker phone works well in quiet rooms.- Good durability so far.  I ride a bike a lot and need to carry in my pant pocket and it has survived so far.- Vibrate and ring feature is great.  I've had trouble finding phones that vibe and ring at the same time previously.Cons:- Downloaded tones don't sound as loud as I would like.- Speaker is just slightly softer than I would prefer.  Its not always easy to hear if there is much background noise.  Most of the time I don't notice it though.- Video capture was a waste of a menu option - looks like 1 fps and the audio capture has a lot of hiss.- A little on the heavy side and a little thick compared to some of the phones on the market, but feels rugid enough to survive a drop (haven't tried yet).- I've got this with Cingular and they get you every way they can.  You have to pay for tones, then use up bandwidth time to actually receive it on the phone (buying off their site).  It doesn't break the bank, but seems kind of stupid to have to pay twice for the stuff.- AOL's IM is on the phone.  Who uses that crap anymore?  :)I'm very satisfied with this phone and would recommend to anyone.

This phone is comfortable and easy to use. The graphics, camera and video are very good.  The only problem is the thing pushes you hard to use media links so Cingular can charge you for it.  Limited ring tones and hard coded media browser buttons all work together to send you to a place where they can charge for your visit.

I got the phone 2 weeks ago, and it makes me happy. The bluetooth transfer works great with my Mac and transfering my custom iTunes ringtones to the phone is just too cool!Just go a wireless headset today, Scala500, and it sounds fantastic.The e-mail set up works flawlessly, can check my Earthlink account when away from home.I haven't set up the v551 as a wireless modem to connect to the internet, yet, but that is something to look forward to.Cheers

Both my wife and I hate this model, we are stuck with it until the contract expires.  The volume for the phone and speaker phone is not loud enough.  We have it set on the loudest setting, and it is not loud enough.  The phones we had prior with Sprint, we had to turn down the volume for being too loud.  The address book needs to be reworked.  If you have three numbers for one person, all three are separate entries.  Plus, the fields that can be used are different on the phone and what can be saved on the sim card.  The ringer volume is too low even with it turned all the way up.  There is no outside button to silence the phone in a meeting without hearing a tone while working through the different ring tones.The absolutely worst thing about this phone is the dropped calls.  If I am making a business call with this phone, the first thing I do is tell the other caller that the phone will probably drop the call after 5 minutes.  I am not sure if the drop calls are Cingular's fault or the phones fault.  But, Cingular still sells this phone so I am thinking that it is the Cingular service.  My wife's phone is worse than mine.  When I have tried explaining our problems to the Cingular rep they just give the blank stares like they do not care or they hear about it so much until they do not care any longer.  The truth is: all the features in the world can not make up for bad reception when you need to make an important call.  The interesting thing is when the call gets dropped the bars go from 5 bars to zero and that is without moving in my seat.  Within a couple seconds, the phone will go back up to 5 bars.  Try to make a phone call again, the bars go down again.If you need your phone for business calls try a different phone from Cingular, better yet, try Sprint or Verizon.  Do not make my mistake.

I have had many motorola and nokia phones, and this one is BY FAR the worst.  NO reception...simple as that.  I can not use the phone at my own home ever.  I am changing /upgrading today.  I have had it for 6 months, and kept calling cingular and hoping for the best, for nothing.  They said it's because I have 'trees' by my house.  Ok, so don't buy this is you live near trees (?) !!

I had a Samsung X427 before this and it was awful. Dropped calls, poor reception, wouldn't hold a charge. This phone changed my opinion completely. It does everything I need and then some, and the camera/video is a bonus. The only downside and the difference between 4 & 5 stars was that it did not behave well with my Jabra EarWrap-the remote button did not work-and the speakerphone is a joke. But speakerphone is not really what I needed, it was reliability and function.Really a far step forward-I recommend it for anyone needing a reliable phone.

Okay, after a couple of months use I can say this phone sucks. The battery life is way shorter than advertised on my phone, my wifes, and a co-workers. It won't even last a week of low use (&lt;25 minutes), and the battery drains to nothing real quick at the end, so you're at 75% for 2 days, 50% for a day and drop to zero before you can get home to recharge it on Thursday. It left my wife stranded and unable to contact me last week. Unhappy wife == very unhappy husband. Work upgraded me to a Blackberry and its battery lasts well over 10 days before needing to be recharged, even with all the mail sync and everything else it does.the address book is worse that the one on the startac this phone replaced, I have 3 entries for everyone at work (home, mobile, office) instead of one entry with three numbers. (You can change it to display one preferred entry for each name, but this is a pain to find to setup and then use)My original review read: Buy this phone from somewhere else -- Amazon will delay dispatching the phone and then fail to send the information to Cingular to activate the phone. The Activation instructions included with the phone are be wrong, Amazon's customer service reps will tell you wrong information to activate the phone. If you realize this you will not be able to use Cingular's automated activation service because of the first problem and it will be well over a week before you get a working phone. oh, and there is no number portability to them if you buy though amazon and want to keep your old number.

Ok I never, ever write reviews but this time I need to act for the common good! How can you sell a product with a software so full of bugs and a hardware as awful ?I've seen lots of people complaining about white screens, phone stopping, impossible to place a call : you know what ?? bug bug bug !!! this product has been released before it was finished. The damn thing just does not work !In short :- battery life between 2 hours and 10 hours...that's if you don't use it- awful reception, i have to go on my balcony when any other Cingular or Verizon phone works at my place...- slow as hell (they messed up the software on this phone real bad ) - I usually type 10 digits phone numbers at normal speed and the phone cannot make the "beeps" fast enough and display the numbers on screen! that's how bad it is !! you can't even enter a phone number properly !!!- sometimes (1 call out of 4 maybe) the call seems to be placed but it actually does not dial...in this case cannot dial for sometimes a couple of hours- with the ring changer on the side you never know in which ringing mode you are- the voicemail icon never seems to disappear, even after you have checked your messages- the damn thing reboots on you !!!- very hard tu turn on and off, it is so slow you don't know what the hell the phone is doing- the worst charger system ever, you never know if the thing is going to charger all the way through or not...SO:NO RECEPTIONHELL TO TURN ON/OFFNO BATTERY LIFECRASHES ON YOUDO NOT BUY IT !!!!! It is worth paying money to not get it.ORX-mas gift idea for your worst ennemy !!!

This is the third motorola that I've owned and it sucks. It takes 8 hours to charge and the charge only holds 10-12 hours. I got a new battery but no improvement. Also it only holds a call for 3-4 minutes then drops it no matter where you are or where you're calling.The camera is nice and it is a pretty phone to look at.Get a different model.

I don't normally review items on Amazon but after reading some of the bad comments for the V551 I had to put in my 2 cents.  When I first got the phone in Dec 2004, I was very unhappy with it.  I had lots of dropped calls, lousy battery life and I had trouble hearing my calls.I got so fed up I called Cingular to complain.  I was informed that there had been a firmware upgrade for the phone.  Unfortunately (or fortunately depending how you look at it), users can't update the firmware themselves.  Cingular had to send me a replacement.  The replacement phone works much better.  No more dropped calls.  The battery life is better and I can actually hear my calls now.Is the phone perfect. No. I'd still like better battery life.  I find it annoying how easy it is to accidently change ring styles  (When my wife can't reach me it's usually because I bumped the phone, setting it to the silent ring style).Before the firmware upgrade I'd give the phone a 1 star rating.  After the upgrade I rate it 3.5 to 4 stars.

I've had this phone for 6 months now. What I expected from a phone like this was that it could handle bluetooth and mp3 ringtones.Pros:Ring volumes with vibrate is loudMP3 ring tones work great. You can even select which ring tones are associated with each individual callerScreen is clear and vividEasy to hold in one hand and flip upNavigation is fine as long as you know which options to chooseBluetooth works great as long as you have it on the same side of your bluetooth headsetCons:Battery doesn't hold its charge after six monthsNavigating through the phone book is dog slow. My Nokia N-Gage QD was so much quickerVoice activated dialing isn't as great as the Windows Mobile OS like the Motorola MPX 200 that I had a while ago. I think it has to due that the OS doesn't natively support it. You have to actually record the voice instead of recognizing the words.Reception is adequate but not greatI've been getting "Call Failed: Retry" several times even though I have at least 3 bars of receptionI've been getting really bad static noise on the phone when dialing outCamera enclosure gets dust in there and you have to remove the whole face to clean itI'm getting a replacement phone as we speak. Suffice to say I don't have all great things to say about this phone but when you look at what it's supposed to be...a simple phone...it does an excellent job.My expectations of phones are pretty high because I like all the bells and whistles and this phone has some of them. Considering it was a lot cheaper than smart phones, I'd say it was still a good buy.My only big gripe with this phone is that I expect phones to last at leaast 1-2 years and this phone did not deliver that.

great phone, great price.  bluetooth, quad band, outer display, everything a phone should have is here.  i love the outer display although i wished it could've been a little bigger and offer color display for a wallpaper and photo id, but it serves its purpose by displaying incoming caller name and reception bars and battery life.  the shell is nearly scratch free due to the cool rubbery surface.  its a phone where i dont have to worry about scratching or abusing since its fairly inexpensive with a rugged, yet beautiful construction.

I've had this phone for about four months now, and I haven't had a single technical problem with mine, even after a couple of typical drops on paved surfaces.  I do charge it every night; however, I've found that the Bluetooth radio makes a very significant difference in battery life, which may spur some of the complaints about the shorter battery life than the V400 (no BT capability on that one).  It is possible to turn off the BT radio if you don't need it for any accessories or connections.  My charge lasts for several days if I do this.  I really don't feel inconvenienced by charging daily and leaving BT on, though.In general, the phone has great screen quality (compared directly to my friends' V400s), great speakerphone and polyphonic ringtone capability, great sound quality at both ends, great voice dialing performance (very useful with headset), and I'm entirely satisfied with the camera, considering it IS a cellphone camera.I'll admit the interface was a bit cumbersome at first, but it's VERY customizable with changeable function keys, shortcuts, and menu orders.  I find mine very efficient since I've tweaked it to suit my tastes and usage.Additionally, contrary to some previous reviews, I have successfully transferred both information (phone book, etc.) and media (pictures, ringtones, etc.) to and from the phone with my Bluetooth adapter on my PC, without using Cingular's services.  I did have some trouble getting it to work initially, but I found that it was my firewall getting in the way (remember, Bluetooth IS a network connection).I suppose my one complaint is the conspicuous absence of games (only comes with a Bejeweled demo), but in the end it doesn't really bother me.  I could buy a game for $4 if I really wanted one.Overall, I find the phone very feature-rich and high quality, efficient to use once customized, and as rugged as the average cellphone.

I have had the Moto V551 for nearly a week now.  I cannot describe the relief I have now that I've actually got a phone that doesn't dissapoint me.I am a tech junkie.  I own a recording studio and have a degree in electrical engineering.  After doing a collaborative 4 hours of "homework" on phones I decided to go with the V551.  My expectations were VERY high!  Even higher was my expectations to be disappointed.  However, I was not disappointed at all.First off, you can actually transfer pictures, ringtones (which I've made a few of my own sampling DVDs, music, and even my 2 year old saying "pick up the phone Dad!") using the bluetooth enabling and bluetooth dongle for PC.  So right off the top I was already pleased.  I don't care what anybody says, you DO NOT need the Mobile Phone tools to transfer ringtones, pics, or video.  You may need Phone tools if you want to sync your phone with Outlook or other data transfers.  The only thing needed is the V551 and a bluetooth dongle.Ok, so we got what I hoped and expected out of the way.  Now for the pleasant surprises I got in addition.Voice dial - VERY NICE!  Especially when using a blue tooth headset, you can have your phone in the stinkin' trunk and still answer the phone and make calls using the blue tooth!Display - is by far the best I've seen to date.  I've got a digital picture (taken with a REAL digital camera, not the phone) and it is spectacular.  Colors and resolution are AWESOME!The camera part of the phone is exactly that, a phone with a camera in it.  Don't expect to use this for anything except maybe snapping a shot of someone your are putting in your phone's address book or if you get in a fender bender to document damage.The speakerphone is awesome, you can clearly hear the person and they can clearly hear you.  Easily the best speakerphone I've had.The handset is also clear.  No more saying, "wait a sec... what'd you say???"Some reviews here get all bent out of shape over button size and location.  That is some of the lamest information I've seen.  All phones have buttons, and depending on the phone size  dictates the size of the buttons.  I am a 6' tall male with hands roughly 8"-10" in diameter.  I have NO PROBLEM with the buttons.The V551 isn't the lightest or smallest phone on the market, but for someone my size it is great.  It actually has a little weight to make it feel like a phone (not an empty plastic shell of a phone) and the hinging on the flip is strong, I can actually put it to my face without feeling it want to bend backwards.The outside display is good too, very cool blue color scheme, true, no outside photo caller ID, but you can pay a little more and get that in a different phone.If you want a reliable, well built, and "as advertised" phone this is the phone to get.  Not to mention the fact that Amazon will pay you $25 (after rebate) to take it is nice too.This is easily the best phone I have had to date and I've been wireless for almost 8 years now getting a new phone every year.This phone is exactly as it is described, and that alone makes it worth 5 stars, I've had too many phones promise me features only to find the features weren't described acturately or were dependent on other parts of your wireless service (meaning I have to PAY to use them)  This is not the case.  Enjoy it if you get it!!!!!

First of all, I've used Sony Ericsson T610 with both Cingular and T-Mobile service and found them comparable in Los Angeles (Verizon is best here).  From comparing all three phones (Nokia 6230, Sony Ericsson T610, and Motorola V551) with Cingular service, I've discovered that there is a *BIG* difference in phone reception quality.Phone reception quality is as follows: Nokia 6230 > Motorola V551 >> Sony Ericsson T610. The Sony Ericsson T610 had no reception in my apartment, the Nokia 6230 has great reception everywhere.Overall phone quality: Nokia 6230 > Sony Ericsson T610 >> Motorola V551. (Though if reception is most important, you might rank Motorola V551 over SE T610)Here are pros/cons of Motorla V551:Motorola v551PROS:-Much better reception than T610-The clock and reception bars on the flip cover are convenient.CONS:-Bad battery life-Bluetooth: requires Motorola Phone Tools software, costing $25, to sync contacts with PC => disappointing.-Bulky (large phone, didn't like external antenna)-Disappointed with operating system...there were no cool features, "silent" and "contacts" were more difficult to navigate to than with T610 and Nokia 6230-Other reviewers claim Motorola phones are most susceptible to viruses.  Not currently a problem in US, but possibly in the future.Nokia 6230 is worth the extra $.

The engineers of this phone definitely thought of everything as far as added features are concerned.  This phone has magnificent features.  The screen color is brilliant and very bright except in the sun.  It has bluetooth.  It has AIM.  It takes the best pictures I've seen from any phone.  It records videos.  It's so easy to use.  I'm going to cry the whole way to the store to return it.  If you can't make calls on it then it defeats the whole entire purpose of having the phone.  This phone definitely has some fundamental issues.  I have been using this phone for 30 days.  It continuously drops calls on me.  In a call (from my land line) to the Cingular agent, I was told that it was dropping calls yesterday because they were working on the sytem.  What about the four days before that when it had the same issues?  My sister, who is on Cingular network, doesn't have any of these issues that Cingular is claiming to be network wide.  I haven't been able to make a call longer than 10 minutes that didn't get dropped.  The battery life on this phone is absolutely the worst of any I've ever seen!  If you make more than two calls per day on it or if the inside screen gets activated more than four times then it has to be charged daily!  I'll miss the features but it will be nice to have a solid 10 minute conversation again.

Hello I would like to know if the telephone motorola V551 this unblocked, I live in venezuela and I want to buy this telephone but I need it unblocked

This phone is a really good deal... especially since its free after the rebate.  The sound quality is great and I always have a good signal (from Cingular).  It is much much better than my old Nextel service.  The phone looks good and is much amaller than my old Nextel phone.  I am definatly happy I purchased this phone.  I gave the phone a 5 star because it is overall a very good phone with cool features, including bluetooth.  There are two things that I didnt like though. First, the instructions for the phone are amongst the skimpiest (by skimpy i mean worst) I've ever seen.  I had to play around a lot... my menus from the Nextel phone are VERY different from this.  Second is, the battery life indicator isnt too accurate.  It told me my phone had a full charge for 3 days... then on the 3rd day it went from a full charge to two-thirds to dead withing 8 hours.

The battery is a big problem. I bought it less than one month ago, and now it can only sustain one day, for about 1-2 hour talking time/day. It's far below my expectation, even though I did what the retailer told me to do: charge 24 hours before the first time use.In addition, the plug that connects the phone and charger is not well designed. Sometimes I have to really push hard to begin charging, otherwise, it won't work. Also the user interface when you try to turn on the phone during charging is confusing.If you want to use Cingular, I recommend a Samsung phone.

The best phone I've owned by far.  I've owned many of the recent top of the line stuff from Panasonic, NEC, Nokia and Motorola.  I'm a phone nut and this phone is the best of them all.  I'm not into the cameras, etc.  What I like is the extremely solid feel, outstanding reception and clarity of my calls, especially when compared to other high priced phones that Cingular offers.  Also, the speakerphone is surprisingly clear and useable and the display is beautiful, with easy to navigate menus.  An excellent phone all around.  My only negative?  No USB port.  The phone has bluetooth, but how many of us have bluetooth on our pcs?

This was a really great phone for me.. until the earpiece went bad. I had to use speaker phone all the time. The Cingular reps just threw up their hands and pointed to my contract. But, I had the phone for over 2 years, and it went through a beating with me, (dropped a couple times on concrete) so I forgive it. It is very easy to use, and in case you didn't know, the functions and layout are very similar to the Razr. If you like this layout but don't like the Razr's styling, this is an alternative. Honestly, if the earpiece hadn't broken, I probably would have kept it even though the camera is barely average quality and the internet connection is slow. This design is several years old, so keep that in mind too. If I had to make the decision over again, I still would have gotten this phone. Besides the earpiece problem, it was very solid, dependable and well built. Since I gave up using this phone, there have been nothing but problems with the replacements I have had, so now I miss the reliability of this one, even if it is behind the times as far as features.

I usually don't review items, but this phone / service is so poor that I wanted to be sure that I added my comments.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!I am on my !Third! replacement under warrantee. They will replace your handset if you keep complaining.  Still does not work correctly. Get used to "call failed", voicemail notifications that don't go away and dropped calls. Is it Cingular Service in general?The problems:Dropped CallsSlow Slow Slow Slow menu / key access.Dropped CallsWhite ScreensDropped CallsUnable to ChargeDropped CallsShort Battery LifeDid I mention the DROPPED CALLS?How many times do you need to be notified about the same Voicemail message? If you get a notification at all!Please take my advice and stay away from the V551!

Full of cool features...bluetooth, still and video camera.  Nice size. Good call quality.

The phone works good enough.  A lot of the reviews I have read come from typical human error.Rebooting - I used to have a problem with the phone rebooting when I was using it.  All I did was take out the battery and clean the connections with a pencil eraser and the problem was solved.Charger - I definitely do not like the charger.  The charger ends are fragile and if you step on the end of it on the floor, or near where you plug it in, you will have problems with it.  The charger also has a finite lifespan.  They work good to start with, but after using the charger for a few months, you will need to check and make sure it is charging at intervals while it is plugged in.  If you brush against the cord, or close a door hard, it might stop charging.Bluetooth - The Bluetooth works excellent.  I see some reviews where it didn't seem to work well and it sounds like people just didn't read the 3-step directions for synchronization.  You should not need to turn it on via the phone, just hit a button on the headset to answer/call after it is set up. (I use the boom style Bluetooth headset, some others may be different.)Camera - The camera works good in well-lit situations, and very poorly in low light.  The zoom takes a bit to get used to using.Design - The flip phone design is a little more robust than most other flip phones, but it has the basic flip phone design flaws such as: Don't apply pressure to the flip when talking, (causes creaking and possible breakage,) don't drop it when it's open, (easy to break,) and there's no place to put the volume controls on the inside of the flip.  Having the volume controls on the outside of the flip is a menace.  It's no fun when every time you move a little the phone changes volume or settings. If you like a flip, this could be a good phone, if you like a standard phone, then don't buy it.  Flip phones just are not as robust as the non-flip styles like Nokia.Service - I also see comparisons to other phone services - I don't feel this is valid. Two phones being compared that are using the same service would be a valid comparison for reception. If a Verizon phone works in one area, and the Cingular does not, there are areas where the opposite is the case, like the other side of the building you are on. Service towers are not in the same location for all companies.I have Cingular service and I rarely have dropped calls or places where the phone does not work. When I do get dropped calls, it is usually during times of the day when call volumes are typically high, i.e. lunch time, immediately after work at 5PM, Saturday night out, right when night time minutes start, and things like that.  When I am travelling, I also don't lose service. I am located in the Midwest and the service may be better here that elsewhere.All in all an OK phone. Nice to take some quick pics and send them to friends, and convenient for the Bluetooth. Personally I prefer a phone that is not a flip, but this one works very well with the exception of the fragile charger.

I've had this phone for about a month.  I get about 36 hours of battery charge with maybe 20 minutes of talking before the battery goes dead.  That is without using the other features of the phone.  (Bluetooth, games, speakerphone, etc).  The battery life makes this phone useless as a wireless phone, because it's always connected to the charger.  Otherwise the phone is great and full of features.

I recently changed from simple Sony Ericsson T310 to Motorola V551, so my feedback is based on comparision of two.While V551, is extremly sleek and good looking with additional advanced features like crisp resolution, bluetooth, GPRS/EDGE, Camera, Speaker and Video, it lacks the user friendly interface of Sony Ericsson. It is not possible to search a name in your address book, except for jumping to particular alphabet. Also the address book displays each number seprately, so you wud have XYZ (Home) and XYZ (Mobile).One drawback (and major for me) is that this phone does not have a mute option. This might be important for people who travel and attend lot of conference calls. Having a mute lets you attend as a silent listener from a noisey airport!!Overall the phone is great!

First, I got a V400..  returned for another in 5 months, and then another and finally Cingular offered me this phone (v551) as a free replacement.Problem 1: I requested the Cingular salesperson to transfer contacts from the older v400 to the new phone.. most of the contacts didn't make it. (tip: use the SIM to store contacts instead of on phone)Problem 2: It is mandatory to search by the first letter only.. unlike the Nokia phones where you can search contacts by the first combination of letters.Problem 3: The bluetooth transfer is very slowProblem 4: Your settings, notes, can automatically disappear / reset when your phone is turned off -> on.One advantage I find is the ability to send DTMF tones with the calls, that saves me time while using calling cards for international calls. Another is the design.. I don't even have to bother if I drop the phone (5ft high on to a concrete floor).. it is rock solid and keeps working in spite of repeated drops.. Call quality is good except in elevators.

Purchased V551 a month ago after being a satisfied T721 owner.  This phone takes everything good about T721 and makes it better.1) brighter display2) Bluetooth functionality (use this frequently with HS820)3) Speakerphone4) CameraThe minor negatives are:1) Reduced battery life with Bluetooth active2) Cingular software:  wish i could remove shopping applications, AIM, and other cluttering software installed on phone.

Motorola's latest high-end flip-phone doesn't have the sexy form factor of the RAZR, but it's loaded (some might say bloated) with function. This is a worthy successor to the TDMA series that started with the StarTac and progressed through the V60 model. It features a similar form-factor to the latter, though slightly thinner, but with a wealth of new features.The most obvious improvement over the V60 (and its follow-on, the V60 color) is the beautiful interior color screen. Unlike the V60 color, the V551's screen is actually used to display improved graphics (including wallpaper, screensaver, downloaded images, or photos/videos shot with the phone itself). Also improved is the outer display, which is large enough to read comfortably (unlike the poorly thought out multiline display of the V60 color).As with many advanced GSM phones, the V551 provides features like internet browsing, a low-res still and video camera, and MIDI and MP3 ringtones. In addition, the V551 is Bluetooth enabled, which allows you to transfer data from the phone to a Bluetooth enabled computer without wires. You can also use a Bluetooth headset, which seems minor, but is hugely convenient in the car.On the downside, the V551 retains many of Motorola's classic drawbacks. The manual is, to be kind, weak. Large swaths of the phone's function are un- or under-documented. The V551 also continues Motorola's poor ringer setting design. In particular, if you have the phone in an audible alert mode and you wish to switch to vibrate (e.g., you find yourself in a meeting and realize you didn't turn the ringer off), you can't do this without the phone beeping. The V551's stylized keyboard is difficult to dial without looking - the number buttons flush design is hard to pick up by feel. Further, the function buttons include an internet browser key which is easy to press in place of the dial key.Cingular's version of this phone (I believe the generic model is V550) is larded with Cingular-specific items. The internet browser mentioned above can be launched by several "handy" shortcuts. In addition to the dedicated key, there are several items on the Media Mall home page that take you by browser to various Cingular locations. You can also get to the Cingular store via the ringtones panel.This wouldn't be quite so bad if it didn't all feed into Cingular's incredibly transparent marketing plan. Want to load new MIDI or MP3 ringtones to augment the mediocre selection given to you with the phone? Buy them from Cingular's marketplace! Want to download your own? Buy Motorola's software plus USB/or/Bluetooth package for half-again the price of the phone (hey, I might as well just buy a bunch of ringtones from Cingular)! Same goes for games (none ship with the phone) and wallpapers.You can use the phone with any Bluetooth enabled computer (or with a third-party Bluetooth/USB dongle) to download ringtones, but you'll have to surf around the web to find out how, as it's not documented in the manual. While you're surfing,  make sure to shop for a belt clip or case, as Motorola's declined to ship even the most basic version with this phone.Overall I'm happy with the performance of this phone: excellent form factor (especially the reduced length of the antenna over the V60), crisp display, good sound (including the speakerphone, though its inability to operate during dialing is disappointing), and a fine feature set. Still, I find it ironic that Motorola makes another phone called the "RAZR," as the V551 is a classic case of "give away the razor, sell the blades."

Overall this phone works very well.  I am very pleased with the voice quality, signal strength, display, keypad and battery life.  When used with Cingular, it does not support voice dialing unless you subscribe to the $4.99 Cincular "voice connect" service.The phone is capable of voice dialing but it appears that Cingular has asked Motorola to disable the ability to enter Voice Names in the phone's address book.  To get around this I use a Motorola V60 to add new phone book entries with a voice name.  This requires swapping the phone' SIM card between the V60 and V551 every time a new entry is added.This phone would receive a 5 star rating instead of a 2 star rating if it did not disable entering voice dialing names.

John Doe needs to read the manual and learn how to use his phone! My husband and I have had these phones for almost nine months and they are excellent.  We have had cell phones for seven years and have four kids with phones, so we've had lots of experience with different phones, and these are good, solid phones, among the best.

I bought this phone because it was a Editors choice in a leading computer magazine.  I would have preferred the Motorola V3 Razor but that is still far too expensive and I have found that this phone is basically the same as the Razor just not as thin or stylish.Plus points of this phone include:- A beautiful screen. It is large, bright, and has excellent resolution.- very good pictures from the camera.  I can't believe that it is just .3 megapixels... of course you won't be able to blow them up into posters or anything like that but for viewing on a computer or even the occasional 3x5 print the pictures are very good.- excellent sound quality from the speaker so your ringtones and the speakerphone sound great.- very nice construction with a easy to grip rubberized metal trim and back.- the button layout is very nice with a dedicated button for taking pictures and volume buttons on the side.  Also of note is that most of the buttons are user programable.- the phone also has voice dialing and picture caller id (although the pictures are very small and do not appear on the external display)- the bluetooth is very easy to set up and use- it is a true Quad band phone that can be used worldwide (although it has to be unlocked first).- excellent battery life.  I can't believe some of the reviews that say it needs to be charged every day... I find myself charging the phone after about 4-5 days with moderate use.  Of course I have the screen saver turned off and I make sure that the bluetooth is disabled when I am not using it so maybe that is why I have great stanby and talk times.  Also the place where I purchased my phone told me to charge it for 24 hours before the first use (to condition the Li battery) so maybe this has helped to increase the battery life.The Negative points about this phone include:- the blue external display looks cool but I think it would be more visible if it were typical backlit black on white LCD (like on the motorola v180)- the instruction manual (like most Motorola manuals) does not do a good job of explaining all the features so you will have to play with the phone a little bit to fully make use of all that this phone can do.- Even though the pictures from the camera are excellent, the video quality is not so good.  Of course this is a cell phone not a video camera so I guess it is about what you would expect.  Also there is no flash on the camera (unlike some other camera phones) so low light pictures are not that great.- there is no USB port on the phone so unless you want to buy a motorola cable, the only way to transfer pictures to your computer (and mp3's to your phone) is via bluetooth. (HINT: you can get a bluetooth adapter for less than $20 bucks so don't waste your money buying the motorola cable. Also with the bluetooth adapter you won't need any special software to transfer pictures or mp3... just use the software with the bluetooth adapter).- the connector for the charger has the typical motorola design so occasionally you have to jiggle it to get it to fit in just right but make sure that your PRESS the button on the connector before removing it or else you will damage the contacts... this may be why some users are having problems charging their phones- the phone only comes in blue so it does not look as cool as other motorola phones like the v180 or the razorAll in all this is the best phone that I have owned.  User's who complain about call drops and bad signals should be complaining about the carrier and not the phone.  Personally I have noticed that ever since the Cingular and AT&T; merger, signal quality and call quality have both declined.  A Cingular rep told me it is temporary until they are able to better integrate both networks... this makes sense because I have only had this problem since I switched my SIM card to the new Cingular SIM that makes use of both networks.

I was surprised by the performance I've gotten so far out of my Motorola v551, after reading the reviews here, I was a bit worried about the new purchase. The first charge lasted a full week (7 days!) with light usage (some Bluetooth transfers, a few calls, a few photos, even a couple videos). I did turn it off at night, because of the recommendations in other reviews. Granted, I used it pretty lightly, but it lasted that whole time. No dropped calls.Perhaps they've updated the battery/firmware? Or perhaps it's a model-by-model quality issue.Anyway (knock on wood), mine's been great so far. I like the camera (my first camera phone); voice quality and reception are excellent. The menus took a little figuring out, mostly because I'm used to Samsung menus. If I were redesigning the phone, I'd swap the two top buttons that are used for almost every menu action -- the left one should be the "yes" or "change" button, in my mind -- but I've already adjusted pretty quickly.One important note: This phone worked out of the box with Tiger 10.4.1 and iSync over Bluetooth. However, be careful with the iSync settings (I managed to wipe out my address book numbers when the phone overwrote my computer's information -- real nice). But I could also easily transfer an .mp3 file over Bluetooth to act as my ringtone.I recommend this phone based on my own experience. I also purchased  the BodyGlove (for v440) case and like that too.

Cingular selection of phones is very limited.  I chose the Motorola V551 phone and hate it.  I bought it primarily as a telephone and find that it has very bad reception and a very slow keypad.  It can't keep up with my fingers and often leaves me somewhere in the menus I didn't plan on.

As indicated in a review for the V600, I received the V551 as a replacement for the V600, after that phone had already been replaced several times.Initially, I liked the V551 better, even though it is a less expensive phone.  It seemed much less "buggy" than the V600.  However, I have had more dropped calls, and more failed calls (which I initiate), and worse reception than with any phone I've ever owned.And just like on the V600, the stupid mechanism on the left side of the phone changes the ringer capriciously.  Expecting a call?  Don't hold your breath.  The ringer is now on "silent".

I like this phone a lot, the bluetooth connectivity removes the need to pay $2.50 for ringtones and transferring pictures between phone and computer is cool.  I dont have problems with dropping calls, and voice dial works fine for me.

If you're buying this for the camera features, great. But why not just get a real camera??If you're a current Nokia user, you will most likely be disappointed with this phone. Motorola does things differently(unintelligently). This phone has too many things about it that takes control away from the user. For example, you can't delete any of the default pictures from the memory, you're forced to look through Motorola's stupid pictures for as long as you own the phone (same goes for the sample video clip).When you dial a number and it fails to connect, you can hit the "retry" button. But when you do this, if it succeeds in connecting, the phone will set off a long, loud beeping tone to announce the success of connection. Very annoying because when you dial a number, you don't sit there and stare at the phone to see if it's connecting, you put it directly to your ear. So when you hit the "retry" button, instinct tells you to put the phone to your ear, so when the success tone goes off, it's like holding a ringing phone up to your head. Good job, Motorola. Also, it's annoying that the whole bus has to know that you're making a phone call. And of course, there's no option to turn off the alert during a successful redial.Next, changing ringtones. With Nokia, you can pretty much have ANY ringtone you want. I had a ringtone that just gave off one single beep and that's it. With this phone, there's no such option. The "single beep" ringtone will beep continuously, which really doesn't make it as discreet as I would like. And of course, there's no option to change it.With Nokia, if you want voicemail, you just dial #1. With this one, you have to click once for the menu (1), twice to get to voicemail (2), then once more to call (1), which adds up to 4 clicks just to dial vm. With nokia, you can press and hold #1. One click with Nokia, four clicks for Motorola.Next is text messaging, which is its worst feature, in my opinion. To get to a blank page for text messaging, you need 3 clicks. With Nokia, 1 click. Once you're on the blank page, if you want predictive text (which most of us do), you need to click 3 times. Total of 6 buttons to press just to start writing your text. Predictive text on this phone is such a joke that I don't even want to get into it. Just take this advice: if you'll be using text messaging often, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. Also, with Nokia, if you accidentally exit the page where you're writing your text message, you can go back in and see everything you've already typed out. With this phone, nothing is saved, so you have to start all over.With Nokia, the calendar option allows you to assign birthdays to people in your phone book, which makes a lot of sense because if the people are in your phone book, then they're most likely people whose birthdays you'd want to remember. Nokia makes it very easy to do this. With Motorola, there is no such option as assigning birthdays to phonebook entries.One thing that makes this phone better than Nokia is the voice recording capability. You can record quick reminders for yourself when you can't write something down immediately. Very useful for getting directions or phone numbers. But that's about it.

I rarely post reviews,though I scour them before purchasing anything!I did extreme research before purchasing this phone,and before deciding on Cingular as my provider.Cingular,hands down,has the BEST coverage area,period!NO DROPPED CALLS,Kansas City.Customer service is not as bad as many reviews state.They have always answered EVERY question I have had,and dont hesitate to call them for anything.*I have learned,to go right to the ZERO option for direct customer service to get the most knowledgeable people. Ok,the phone......I went from a digital Nokia,to this,my first flip phone.I wasnt sure if I would like the flip phone,but I LOVE it!I bought my daughter the Samsung x427m at the same time,and it too,is a great little phone,as far as battery life and signal strength(much better than mine!),but fewer features,no camera,not as customizable.Ordered the Motorola V180 for another line,also,great little phone with minimal features, though, more customizable than the Samsung. Again,did extensive research,even for the freebie phones. Will list cons of this v551 first:CONS:HORRIBLE battery life,so far!At first,no better than my old, worn out,Ni-Mh battery digital phone,but,improving slightly with each FULL recharge. However,you MUST follow the proper charging routine.Charge it FULLY before doing ANYTHING on it!Then,use it until DEAD!Do NOT charge it again,if even a bar left,wait until it dies!Do this process several times to build up the battery. Turn off any features you are not using or don't need,including bluetooth,key tones,decrease lighting to minimum or off,disable screen saver,etc,and this will save a lot of battery power.I have yet to purchase and try the Bluetooth features,so I have no opinion of how much battery usage this takes. I did purchase a backup battery, cradle charger,extra travel charger,and car charger!All extremely cheap on Amazon!I called Motorola an researched the internet,and as of yet,does not seem to be a more powerful battery(longer life) than what comes with it.*edited to note,I sent Amazon an email regarding my disappointment in the battery life, wondering if it is faulty,they PROMTLY,without question,sent me a NEW phone in two days!However,even with new phone,you still get maybe 3.5 hour talk time,and less than 20 hours standby if not using phone at all!Maddening!Do not want to play battery switch out every few hours.Rated at 4-7 hours TALK time and TEN DAYS standby! Contacted Motorola,they said to go to local store and have them check it,and gave me a bunch of reasons why it is poor(all my fault) from poor signal strength to features I have phone set at(none!).Why dont they acknowledge it is a problem!Everyone complains about it!I have every feature OFF,currently do not use internet,or play games,just make calls.I love the phone otherwise,there is something I dislike about all the other flip phones for Cingular,so do I stay with this,that is the question.Hoping it improves over time with recharging cycles.Manual--If this is your first cell phone,or you are not very good at figuring things out on your own(or just plain easily frustrated without instructions),better go with another brand,as this one will be too complicated and there is no support in the manual.It is extremely vague! I have learned my phone through playing with it,writing down memos of places I found certain features(since it is hard to remember where I saw what once I leave the menu on the phone),and researching forum boards where I learned lots of tricks and shortcuts!When screen shuts off,it goes black.Not dim,but black,so you have to hit a button to get it to come back on,which every button takes you somewhere,so you have to hit back to get to main page.Wishing it was at least dim.No one-touch clear calls list option.Have to go into Recent,then it is in two categories, received and dialed,and from there you have to menu, then choose delete all.I miss some very simple one touch features my Nokia had and that the Samsung has.However,the shortcuts option is very handy once you figure it out!On any function you want a one touch,press and hold the menu key,then assign a hot key,then to access it,hit menu then that hot key you assigned.Ringtones/Wallpaper/Games:Total marketing ploy to give you bare NOTHING,so you HAVE to purchase all this stuff from Cingular,and not only pay for the ringtone or game or wallpaper,but also the transmission data usage. The game that comes with it,demo!Ends after a minute.One touch internet button, way too easy to hit!*edited to note, reviewer "krav" gave solution for this, thank you!!!*You can turn off internet through Cingular(call cust service for block).Petty,but when typing a text message,if you accidentally(or purposely because someone walks up)exit the screen you are typing,and you go back,it is blank and you have to start over,very very frustrating when you hit arrow,and touch stop key instead!With my Nokia,it kept the typing until I sent it,or cleared it.Taking me a bit to get used to the key placement,opposite of my Nokia as to what selects and exits(back),and deletes.Pros:Totally customizable!You CAN change nearly everything to your liking!The button on the side by the volume button,the four navagation keys as well as the two top right and left buttons,all can be made shortcuts to whatever you want.(Settings-Personalize-Home Screen-Home Keys-Change each key to option you want).Anywhere you are,you can hit the menu(middle dot,or the 3bar key at top middle)to get a list of options,many not found any other way. From audio,you can change each ring style(detail) to make each sound the tone you want,turn on or off keytones,different sounds for each alert,etc,all your preferance.Also,you DONT have to hit the volume button on side multiple times to shut it off making noisy beeps.If phone is ringing,and you do NOT want it to ring,just hit vol button on side once,it silences the ring.If you want to change ring style options, hit either up or down volume(with phone closed),then use button below that on side,to scroll through ring styles(LOUD to SILENT to VIBRATE,etc),then hit volume key again to show time.One beep to make phone silent if going into meeting or quiet setting and need to silence phone.If you keep hitting down button on volume,it will go to vibrate on zero.Takes some playing around to find all the neat features this packed phone has and make it YOUR way!Middle button of navigation keys,acts also as an "enter", or "select" key.Sound-CRYSTAL CLEAR,and plenty loud for my poor hearing!Everyone else is raving at how great and CLEAR I sound on this phone!Better than previous phone,better than any of my home phones!Even the earpiece that came with the accessory kit(order ALL accessories from Amazon,cheaper than anywhere!) is great!The speakerphone is awesome!Loud,clear,I can set it down on desk and carry on conversation perfectly from both ends.Button on right side of phone,says Voice Records when you hit it,however,nifty little feature,records 20 second voice,for little memos to yourself when away from pen and paper, or to voice memo driving directions!Camera-for a phone.......incredible!!!I have a digital camera,so no need for anything on the phone,but,what a nice bonus feature,and its good too!Not to mention video!I can see many times in the future when it might be nice to have a quick instant picture,maybe of a landmark or road sign to find my way back home, or take a picture of something I am shopping for, to mull over at home, etc.Phonebook-Lots of options,if you save it to phone,and not SIM card,SIM card limits features and display(like cant put the picture ID by name when saved to SIM). However,when time to get another phone someday, take the time to go through addy book and save to SIM before getting new phone so you can just transfer the card. You CAN have mulitple numbers under ONE NAME! (Enter phonebook-hit 3bar menu button(top middle)-Setup-View by:List,Sort by:Name,View:Primary Contact.Now all numbers and email,etc,will be under the one name,just highlight that name,use right and left arrows to scroll through numbers,or choose VIEW to scroll though).Keypad, I love!I had the raised buttons on previous phones,and I frequently text message, and used email on the internet, and my thumb would get sore hitting those raised buttons. I am getting better at hitting the numbers without looking when entering command promts on a call. Keys larger than the other two phones I just bought.Screen is bright(I dimmed mine even to conserve battery!),and beautiful, also large, larger than the other two phones I bought!Phone is great quality,solid,sturdy,nice feel,heavy enough to have substance,not cheap feeling at all.Flip cover seems strong. Very nice phone,looks expensive.All in all, amazing phone!More expensive phones,had far less features. Phone not user friendly interface initially until you take the time to get to know your way around. Battery life worst of ANY phone ever owned!Even my cordless home phones are better!Great phone! Great price!(cheaper here than anywhere).Four stars because of LOUSY manual, and poor battery life for this style and price of phone.

Pros: Nice screen, real sound ringtones, video & camera, games, etc.Cons: Charging problems, headset died four months into use and forced me to use bluetooth.  Battery began steep decline in power about two months into use.Luckily I won a Nokia QD in a contest and have been able to use it, otherwise I'd have be more angry as I would have had to shell out the big bucks for a new phone by now.

I bought this phone about 3 months ago, and was very happy I purchased it.  The sound quality way fantastic, camera was great, and the design was awesome.  Just recently the phone was getting a little "iffy."  The earpiece on the handset was starting to degrade.  Overtime, it started to lose it's sound quality, until just a few days ago, I can't hear anything at all!  I've been needing to use the handsfree speakerphone in order to hear anyone.  The camera is okay, but this is supposed to be a PHONE, so I can't complain about the image quality.  The phone itself has good graphics, but you are unable to view the screen in sunlight.  Also, the battery can no longer hold a charge for over 12 hours, without being used.  If it is used, it needs to be plugged in ASAP.  The charger connector (and I've spoken with others who have experienced this with all Motorola phones) no longer connect with the power supply with ease.  In order to connect, you must "play" with the charger and find the right spot for it to charge.Before I purchased the Motorola v551, I was a devout Nokia user.  After the Motorola, I am still devouted to Nokia.  I purchased a Nokia 3120, and it does not compare to the Motorola quality.Overall, I DO NOT recommend the Motorola v551.

I purchased the Motorola V551 this past February to replace my Motorola T720, which dropped calls and cutout constantly. The V551 can't keep a battery charge for more than a day at a time.  I followed the instructions to ensure the phone was fully charged before using and to ensure the first time you let the battery totally go dead before recharging. It dies CONSTANTLY!In addition, I travel quite a bit for work and I have had a TON of dropped calls with this phone.  I will be in the middle of a conversation and it kills the call...I call back and it drops the call again.  I absolutely hate this phone and I can't wait to get rid of it.I have taken the phone into Cingular various times and they tell me there is nothing they can do about it, but would suggest not buying a Motorola product because their phones are known for 1) not having a strong battery life and 2) poor reception.  My thought is why are they selling Motorola's products if they don't think they are worthwhile??  I would caution anyone to skip this phone and go with a Nokia!

I'm keeping my fingers crossed because I've got another year on my contract with Cingular, but so far, after a whole year+ of use, I haven't had any problems with this phone.  I love the bright screen and large key pad.  Also, the bluetooth is fabulous - I don't have to pay to email my pictures to myself or anyone else because I can just send them straight to my computer via bluetooth!  I also love the bluetooth because it allows me to create my ringtones - which once again saves me from having to pay for them.  Plus, I get the exact clip I want from any song I want, so it's a win, win situation.  The menus are fairly user friendly, and I've had no problem customizing my phone.The downsides to the phone (and the reasons for only 4 stars) are:1) The earpiece volume isn't very loud, so it's almost impossible to hear in crowded, noisy places.  I'm used to this, though, because my last phone (Samsung s105) was also this way, so it didn't bother me as much as it seems to bother some of the other reviewers.2) The camera picture quality isn't the best, but it's good for taking impromptu pics when you don't have another, better camera handy.Hopefully this phone will last... I plan on keeping it until it dies!

I was with T-Mobile for about 6 years, had an ancient Nokia 5100, and figured it was time to upgrade my phone, so both my boyfriend and I switched to Cingular and got Motorola V551's. We both are signed up for two years with this crappy phone and service. Our phones drop calls all the time, we have to stand by a window in our home to get service, sometimes the phone just freezes up so I have to turn it off and wait two minutes while it "loads" back up. What if I needed to make an emergency call??? I've complained to Cingular many times already, and nothing. I long for my ancient Nokia 5100.

I really like this phone. It has so many great features! The pictures it takes are great. You can't expect some top notch pictures that are similar to pictures taken with a camera but for phone quality pictures, they are pretty good. I love the way this phone has the speed dials! It's great. And some complain about the reception but usually that has to do with the area you live in and the service you have there. My husband has this same phone and so does my best friend. They both really like it also and have no major complaints! This phone is a lot of fun and I like it! I recommend it!

I really dont know what the other people are talking about.  Myself and 10 friends all got this Phone.  Its great.  It works great for all of us.  The hands-free speaker works great and is very loud.  The best part is the Bluetooth.  It is absolutely amazing.  Maybe all these people complaining should try the Bluetooth.  it would make a big difference.

I bought this phone Feb '05 and for just over a year, it worked beautifully. I had owned 3 different Nokia non-flip phones before switching to Motorola.I don't use the phone too often, maybe 100 minutes per month.  The camera works very well, I got some high quality shots.  I found that I was able to navigate my way through the menus very well.It's pretty sturdy, I've dropped it about a handful of times and had no ill-effects.Over the last couple of months, though, I've noticed that it doesn't always want to charge and now I can't use the phone without using the speakerphone.  The hearing part seems like it's stuck on the quiet setting, I can barely hear in my quiet office.  And then the two speaker thingys you use for the speakerphone are on opposite sides so you have to keep turning the phone to have a  quality conversation.The screen might be on the small side.I wasn't thrilled with the instruction manual.  It was huge (half might have been in Spanish) and it just seemed to me that its intent was to teach you how to take pictures and download ringtones.  It didn't really say what the button on the right side is for.  (I still don't)I also had a few problems charging it but not many.  A friend with the same phone had to develop a system to get his to charge which included wrapping the cord around the phone and only charging once it was down to two bars and not later.I was very happy with this phone until the sound died.

MOTOROLA V551Small enough to not be cumbersome, but big enough to not get lost (easily), the Motorola V551 is a versatile phone that offers users a number of options and is easily customizable as far as ringtones and other similar customizations are concerned.  It normally retails for 149.99 with a two year plan, but is currently on discount for $99.99 under the same conditions.  The following outlines design specifications, features, battery life, call quality, and my own experience with the phone.What's the V551 all about?The V551 weighs a light 4.23 ounces and includes a 1 year manufacturer's warranty on itself and the included accessories.  It has 850/900/1800/1900 MHz capabilities which means not only will it work domestically, but it will also work internationally-perfect for the student studying abroad or the traveling corporate employee. (Though, one will need to select an international plan with Cingular or establish a separate international account with another reputable cellular service provider.)  Talk time is up to 6 hrs and stand by time is up to 16 hrs as stated by the Cingular website.  I must say, however, that I have reached neither upper bound.VersatilityThe V551 includes a number of features that owners can take advantage of if they so choose.  The features include* :* Compact design with soft-touch covers and vivid color internal display (65,000 TFT)* Integrated VGA camera with 4x zoom and dedicated one-touch camera key* Preloaded FotoFun Photo Editor for editing by adding clip art and backgrounds to existing images* One touch video capture and playback* GPRS and EDGE for high speed data exchange* GSM Quad-band global roaming* Dedicated carrier key for easy one touch access to a Web-related services* Bluetooth wireless technology* SyncML Device Management and PIM Synch* Entertainment via Java preloaded and downloadable games, MP3 ringtones and more* Picture caller ID & picture phone book* Up to 5 megabytes of end user memory* Multi-media messaging service (MMS), POP3/IMAP4 client for e-mail management and IM Wireless Village* Conference calling and integrated hands-free speakerThe Energizer phone?...not reallyWe all know energizer batteries keep going and going and going, so how does the V551's battery compare?  Well, I charge my phone every few days or so, which is about three hours of talk time.  I'd rate the battery life as good on a poor-good-excellent scale.  I've definitely had cheaper phones with longer battery lives.So, how good is the phone's call quality?Call quality is excellent as long as you're in an area where you receive good reception i.e. two or more bars.  If you have only one bar, you can typically still receive notifications and text messages.  Outgoing data, however, will not send (text messages, i.m.s, and calls).The V551 on a college campusI changed phones because I had to find a phone that was compatible with my university's calendar and email capabilities.  I chose the V551 (out of three total choices) because it was nice and compact, but still offered me the use of numerous features including the camera and video capabilities.  Even with the mediocre battery quality, I'm completely satisfied with this phone.  Though setting up the calendar and email capabilities to synchronize with my school's official calendar and email services was quite difficult, accessing them is a breeze.  I've no regret and I'm definitely thinking about sticking with Motorola phones in the foreseeable future.  The V551 is an awesome phone and I recommend purchasing it so anyone who needs quick access to email, aim, icq, a camera, a video camera, or to anyone who just likes having a phone that can do just about everything.*Please note that this list of features was taken from the motorola website at [...]

I have had several different carriers and lots of cell phones in my day and this has probably been one of the best phones ive had to date. I had nextel which in my opinion was the best wireless service I had found but when i went away to school it didnt work because they only work in major metropolitain areas. So I needed to find a new cell phone carrier which led me to cingular. Now I had friends who had the occasional complaint about cingular but what carrier doesnt have people bad mouthing them (as you can read by the reviews on this site) but they had merged with AT&T and while i wasnt a big fan of AT&T i thought id give them a try. So I went with the V551 on the recomendation of a friend who worked at cingular and it has turned out to be just phenominal. I have had service out in the middle of corn fields and pig farms as well as any highway ive driven. I get an occasional deadspot if in out in the boonies but in the city i have no trouble at all. The phone itself is awesome as well, the talk time is great and the stand by time is unbelievable. I often tease my roommates and freinds cause they have to charge theirs on a dailybasis or they run out of battery while we are out and about. I charge mine normally at night but if go away for the weekend i toss my charger in my bag just in case but I can usually go for the whole weekend without charging. The construction is sturdy and the size is just right. it doesnt feel like a flimsy thing thats going to break on you. I also bought the USB cable and i make my own ringtones and its great that the phone plays MP3 format so my ringers are usually much better than most people. The cable also comes in handy when you want to download pictures and you dont want to mail them. The camera quality is nothing spectacular and lacks a flash but i was shopping for a phone not a camera so i didnt care that much about it. The bluetooth connectivity is great too, i have a motorola bluetooth headset and its the great thing ive ever bought. it allows full control of your phone from your ear and you can just toss it in your pocket and not have to worry about fishing for it if youre driving or if its in your bag. The range on it is great as i can leave it on my desk and go to most of my apartment and still be able to talk on it. I also connect my laptop and my palm pda to the phone which i have used it as a modem several times and have had no complaints. the only set back i did not like is that if you are on speakerphone the speaker is on the back and the mic is on the front so you have to find a happy medium between hearing the people on the call and them hearing you. You also must becareful with the charger and make sure you properly insert and remove it from the phone, i damaged one like this but i got it replaced with the warranty and i am more careful now.  The outter screen is also small and monocrome so it doesnt allow for pic caller id if the phone is closed but the monocrome screen is visible even in the most intense sunlight so its a decent trade off. All in all the phone isnt that pretty too look at and is of very typical design but why mess with someone that tried and proven. The phone is the best phone you can get for your money and will serve you well if you dont abuse it. I have dropped it on wood floors and carpet and even asphalt once or twice and its still ticking cept for a few nicks on the case.
