
This is a very nice phone.  Call reception and battery life are excellent on the Cingular network.  The iTunes features work fine but it won't replace my iPod nano any time soon.  This phone has a very solid feel to it.  The SLVR is not without flaws but show me a phone that isn't.PROS:Very solid, slim and sexy.iTunesQuad bandExpandable memoryExcellent receptionExcellent battery lifeBluetoothCONS:Camera (0.3 megapixel is pathetic in this day and age)No high speed data (EDGE)100 song cap on iTunes (not shocking, Apple still wants to sell iPods)No dedicated headphone jack ( form over function compromise)USB 1.1 transfer is VERY slowSame old Moto OS ( Contacts list Stinks)Conclusion:If you're looking for a very sexy looking phone that has excellent reception and battery life I can think of no better choice than the SLVR.  If you need a smart phone or all the latest bells and whistles there are better choices.

I have really enjoyed the SLVR L7 Phone because it is not bulky and is somewhat easy to use.  The one thing that disappoints me is that the mp3 player is impossible to use!  I have yet to figure it out.  As a whole, I would say that if you're interested in having blue tooth capabilities on your phone and are not a fan of flip-phones, the SLVR L7 is the way to go.

great battery life, nice color screen, I'm enjoying every call I make! Plays more games than my other phone too.

L7 is nice, but it's battery only last 24 hrs. I have to recharge it everyday.

My phone is very good to me, it had great reception and its so slim and slender it fits almost anywhere. it takes great pics and stores a lot with the kodak chip it comes with. I do suggest that if you get this phone you get the scratch resistance protection to go over the screen its very delicate and deserves to be treated with kindness. I have a thress year old who just has to talk on it.. this is a great phone at a wonderful price good luck and enjoy this baby!

Be honest, my old Nokia 6210 works much better than this piece of junk.  For example, I used to get at least 3 bars at home by using Nokia 6210; nevertheless, my NEW L7 gives me zero bar most of the itme. In order to make a phone call, I would go to my bathroom where the signal exists.In addition, the original battery is so cheap, which can only last one day. I need to charge the battery every night just in case it won't shut off during the middle of tomorrow.Recommendation: 1. If you live in suburban areas like me, you should avoid this phone for any cost.2. If you don't have a car charger or you travel often, try a phone that can stay up longer.  Otherwise, buy a couple of extra batteries if you think you are so rich.Overall, why should you pay hundreds of dollars for this phone when you can get other great cell phones for free when sign up a plan?

I got an unlocked SLVR a couple weeks ago and am really pretty happy with it.  As a prior user of three Sony Ericsson phones, I became used to their intuitive user interface and how seamlessly they synched up with my Mac and PC. There's also a lot of software available for the SE's.  It's possible that the SLVR is still too new, and that's the reason for the limited the level of intependent software available for it.  The phone reception is a bit better than the SE (T610) and tends to work in places my T610 didn't.  The music interface on the SLVR works just like iTunes (songs, genres, albums artists, etc.), but it doesn't sync up via iTunes on your computer like your iPod does.  Rather you must drag+drop the music onto the phone's SIM card (there are a couple different ways to do this, which aren't too difficult) It's just too bad this isn't seamless via iTunes like the Cingular versions. As for new software/firmware updates, I spoke with R&D at Moto, and they said there aren't any plans to make the non-Cingular versions compatible with iTunes, nor are they working on a Mac version of their synching software.  The phone does sync nicely if you use iSync to sync it with your Mac Address Book or Entourage, however.  In all I recommend this phone for many of its useful features and stunning good looks... and I'm just getting used to keying and scrolling through the somewhat antiquated and cumbersome address book.

I must say I was a bit shocked when I read some of the negative reviews. I buy a new cell phone every couple of months. I got this SLVR thru Cingular. But I like new gadgets. So, sometimes I buy an unlocked phone and change the sim. I have tried countless phones from Nokia, Samsung, Sony-Ericsson and Panasonic. This is my favorite so far. It is thin, sleek and easy to operate. I always laugh when I hear people complain of the Motorola menu or interface. These are people that most-likely started out on a different brand and expect every cell phone manufacturer to use that same menu. Every brand has their quirks. And, most cell phone users have their quirks.On my SLVR I have 50 songs loaded with room for that many more. It accepts the super-small Transflash card, included. I love the fact that there is also an included connection from the USB port that allows you to use your own headphones. In addition, no one makes better bluetooth headsets than Motorola and this phone connects to it easily, with a crisp clear sound.The only thing I would change is the color. It is a deep, almost black, brown color. I would prefer silver or matte black. I have not encountered any software problems and I have had the phone since the first week it came out.

I thought this phone had everything I was looking for:  thin, inexpensive, has a camera.  While it is all of these things, it has some serious shortcomings.  True:  this phone is going on three years old since it was first introduced, but I expected better from Motorola.First, the good.  The form factor is really nice.  It's super thin and nice to carry in your pocket.  The camera is decent, especially for being VGA resolution.  The screen is bright, and the phone looks really sleek.But with the good comes the bad:  Due to its thin-ness, it can be uncomfortable to hold in your hand for extended periods, and it can be uncomfortable against the ear as well.  It might not be so uncomfortable if the earpiece volume were sufficient but that is not at all the case.  Even at the maximum volume, this phone is almost impossible to hear in areas with any significant background noise.  Just walking outside near a reasonably quiet street can completely overwhelm the earpiece.  This is unacceptable to me.  The keys are incredibly small, as well.  I have fairly large hands, and this is a small form factor phone after all, so this may not be the most valid criticism, but I find myself constantly hitting # when I want to hit 9, and end or the circle key when I mean to hit 3.  I have to use my fingernails to press the buttons.  It's infuriating.Finally, the phone I received was clearly a remanufactured item.  There is a deep gouge in the phone housing underneath the battery cover and a slight scratch on the side of the phone.  Also, it did not include a set of earphones, and the accessories looked to have been just thrown into the box; there was no protective packaging for the accessories nor the phone itself.In all, the phone isn't what I thought it would be, and I'm returning it, and the lack of sufficient earpiece volume was really the final nail in the coffin.

I let my infant son suck on my Nokia flip phone and afterwards it was stuck permanently in headset mode. I'm a T-mobile user, though not particularly happy with T-mobile, so rather than getting a new phone there and re-upping my contract for another year or two, I bought this guy instead -- $75.There's not much to say: pop out old SIM card, pop it in here, and you're good to go. Happy customer, end of story!I'm not really into phones, so I can't comment much on the advanced features. But it works, the sound quality is good. I have had the phone more than a week and only charged it when I first got it. So battery life is nice.That's it.Oh, PS: an easy way to get your phonebook off your old phone is to transfer all your contacts onto the SIM card. (This is not a problem if you have fewer than 200 friends). Then when you plug the card into the new phone, all the contacts are there. You may want to move some/all of them into your phone's memory so that you can assign them shortcuts.Oh, PPS. My phone has "English" spellings in the menus, like "personalise," so when I'm using it I feel a bit more Euro than usual. :)

I upgraded to this phone from my Motorola v200 and absolutely love it. My biggest compliant with my old phone was the connection for charging. It was so fragile that it would break after about 6 months of normal use. I wasted so much money going through so many different chargers! I think Motorola got it right this time by using a standard USB interface. Not to mention now the phone can be used as a standard flash drive which is just an extra bonus!I paired the L7 with a Voyager 510 blue tooth headset and could not be happier. Very easy to pair them up and the quality is excellent. I don't think I could have made a better choice.Do a search on eBay for this phone and you will find much better deals. I paid $150 for an unlocked phone with a car charger, leather case, ear buds, 128mg, Data CD, USB cable and a travel charger which I have never used. I stick with the USB cable for charging.  If you have Windows XP there is no additional drivers needed for charging or using the phone as a USB drive.This is an excellent phone and I highly recommend it.

Terrible customer service - phone was dead on arrivalby anonymous - 02/08/2006, 04:59 PMPros: Would be a good phone if it worked. Unfortunately, I got a "white screen of death" on startup.Cons: Motorola Australia customer service really bad. I had to return a phone that was dead on arrival and it took 6 calls, complaints to a manager, and even compaints to the manager's manager before anything was done. On 3 occassions Motorola promised to call me back and never did. They tried passing me off to different internal divisons with different phone numbers who made me re-explain everything. Interestingly, their technicians acknowledged the phone was faulty but that didn't speed up the process any.I'll never buy another phone from Motorola again, I used to love the brand.

I have had it for almost two years and it has been a good phone. Iam kinda clumsy and it falls once a month at least and has survived, my 14 month niece likes to play with it and sometimes she drops it. Draw back: it does NOT have a FM radio

I am completely satisfied the phone worked in germany with no problems and is a very good quality and it was very much worth the small amount of money i spent.

This is a great phone, but it came with not only English letters and numbers on the keys but Japanese too. It isn't that big of a deal because it has English software, but it isn't the software that has iTunes which was one of my reasons for buying this phone. Other than that it's great it does have a music player similar to iTunes and has good picture quality for a VGA camera. It also has good reception. It texts good once you get used to it. It was a little hard at first.

I receive the phone in a timely manner.  I was just as advertise but I did not get the card and the earphones that you would get if you purchased it unlocked.

As a cingular user I feel like they don't have a lot of good  phones to choose from right now anyways. Given that I choose the slvr.  As soon as I had walked out of the store and to my car it had frozen. White screen of death. Restarted it as I have had some experience with my former Motorola A300 P.O.S. (BTW- never ever get that phone).  As this first week has progressed, the phone has times where it takes forever to process a request and eventually after 5 minutes of waiting I have to exit out.  It won't process the request to submit a text message which is highly annoying having to keep retapping it out. (It won't save it as a draft during this time).The voice recognition has failed to do anything.  Once it even continued a call for 15 minutes after saying it had ended the call. The reason I know this is that my mom and called during this period receiving a busy tone the whole time.Suffice to say I'm glad I have 30 days to try the phone and return it. This baby is going back and after the 3 straight Motorola's all with the same issues, I'll be choosing a new brand.

This phone has great reception, I've yet to have a dropped call in the 2 months owning this phone.  I'm on the phone about 2 hours a day on average and the battery lasts 3 days if I don't charge it nightly.  The screen is bright and easy to read/navigate.  Overall a very good purchase.

I'm yet to really use this phone, but I got it in the mail today and it only had 128mb memory with it, not 512 mb as advertised. And mine did not have itunes with it, just a digital media player that, as of yet, I have not been able to get to work with itunes on my computer. I hope I just had bad luck and everyone did not get what they didn't pay for.

This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.  However, the buttons are really tiny and scrunched together.  Compared to the razr, the slvr's keypad is extremely difficult to use.  I find myself having to hit the keys with my fingernails.  Also, it's extrememly uncomfortable to use for extended conversations.  You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.  It's not the most natural of angles, so your hand gets tired pretty quickly.  This phone has the same look as the razr, but it's definitely not as comfortable to use by any means.

I had the Rokr and it played audiobooks from audible.  It was large so I sold it and picked up a Slvr. I was surprised that I can no longer play audiobooks from Audible.  Whats up with that?  Other than that, it is thin, small, lightweight.

muy buen producto, lo recibi en buen estado y corto tiempo, solo que la compa&ntilde;ia de envio me informo que faltaba la factura comercial

This phone started off as an ok, basic music phone.  The main problem with it was that it only plays songs encoded at 192 kbps or less. That means MP3s sold on Amazon (256 kbps) need to be downgraded to be played on the phone.  Even then some songs wouldn't play. Also, the phone doesn't have an MP3 jack, so you have to buy a converter.  After using the phone a couple months, it started acting up and wouldn't charge.  Eventually, I couldn't get the phone to charge and it died completely.  I got replacement batteries and replacement charging cables, but the phone remains dead.  Getting it repaired costs more than replacing it.

Recieved the phone today, and placed SIM and battery in and powered on and got invalid battery message. It picks up the SIM card and network fine, but unable to charge it or read battery level due to Invalid Battery Error. Back to Amazon it goes.

The battery died on me within 2 months of usage. Basic phone as such nothing more was expected. But the V197 was much better.

I was really worried that this phone would not work with my service, BUT IT DOES! I am so excited. This is a great phone, one thing that I want to express is that my mom has a black SLVR L7 and it has different ringtones and wallpapers than mine (some are the same). So if your buddy has a phone that they bought from America and you want it just because of the wall papers or something like that, don't buy it. It is a wonderful phone and gets great reception at my house which is out of the city (big accomplishment). I love this phone and am so happy that I purchased it!

This phone is great on looks but has a fewe issues on functionality. It is too late to exchange, or else I would have done so.

This is the worst phone I ever had. Can't see the keyboard cause its not lighted and thats the biggest problem I had with this model

I bought this phone for its long battery life and design. I have been very happy.I am not a power user of cell phone. I use only the basic features and found this phone very pratical and functional.The iTunes is also pretty cool.

I bought this piece being made to believe that it included itunes, since that was what was advertised on the website. It did not.  The phone overall is generally useless.  I actually switched wireless companies so that i could rid myself of this piece of junk.  My advice, do not buy this phone.  Do not buy this phone.  I am actually disappointed in Amazon for carrying and selling this item.

Everything went WELL except this ..... when you get the cellphone .. I was angry because they did not tell me this beofre I bought it .. the writing was in chinese. Now I don't know what "LOCKED" "UNLOCKED" means .. but they have to realize when they use these terms they need to explain it to people.I am just BUGGED because I had to get someone else with another phone like mines and that took 1 week .. and that person used the pictures and so forth and we worked it out to find out where the language was and we got it to work.However ONE ladt probelm after the language issue is fixed.- When you want to add in someone's NAME and telephone number .. the LETTERS are in Chinese. You CAN'T fix that, so that sux.- Also I CAN'T text either because the letter in Chinese too.So That's the ONLY problems .. I wish they did tell me this though ...

All complaints of the L7 SLVR are from consumers who need to buy a Smartphone.  The SLVR has great design, and awesome multi-media features like iTunes, video cam and a very bright screen for games and web-browing.Software can be purchased to sync it with Outlook.  mp3's can be used as ringtones when they are put in the Sound folder when you connect it to your computer, but not when they act as an iTune.The keypad takes some getting used to - but I don't mind cuz I feel so cool talking with it in public.My only complaint is that this isn't a smartphone, which would allow me to add/remove programs that I want.  But this was definitly worth the money.

Great PhonE works every where i have been with great reception! you just can't send pics or get them in mail but thats okay!

Anyone who knows me will tell you that I'm a huge fan of electronics but I'm also not in the habit of buying trendy or gimmicky devices. When I first heard of a phone coming ready with iTunes, I was interested but understandably skeptical. Was this just a tie in with no real functionality to sell phones? I have used many other (non-iPod) mp3 players and was happy with their performance. I read a lot of the SLVR L7 and bought the refurb version through cingular. Out of the box the phone is exceedingly simple to set up and use. iTunes definitely makes a difference by updating your phone with any changes you've made to your library each time you connect your phone to your PC. YES the phone does only hold 100 songs but SIZE is not always BETTER. When I used a 10 gig MP3 player I still only listened to about 5 to 10 albums at a time, which, with the right settings, can easily fit on the SLVR. I've read other reviews that compare this phone's performance to much more high-end phones like Blackberry. This is obviously an unfair comparison since the SLVR isn't even in the same category. The only feature that I would have tried to as would be video playback, since many phones on competing networks are already well into video updates and such.

This is a great phone for style and looks...But these days, you want it all on a phone. And on the functionality department.. it lacks numerous advanced capabilities:- Camera quality is very poor. This is a VGA quality phone, you won't get the same quality as megapixel camera phones- If you guys buy the unlocked phones, you won't get iTunes. It's a given. The agreement between Motorola, iTunes and Cingular is to sell phones in the U.S. with lower cost but restricted capabilities. For example, if you buy this phone in Europe (or some auction sites) - you'll be able to use a 512 MB trans flash card and comes with a standard MP3 digital player. However, if you buy this phone through Cingular in the U.S., you're limited to the 128 MB card and only up to 100 songs on your iTunes. They don't allow for more than 100 songs (again because of the U.S. contract agreement between those 3 companies)- SMS (Text Messaging) is overtly complicated on this phone. It lacks the ease of use of dictionaries and auto text input like Nokia phonesBut I have to give it props for the style and design. Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing. It looks awesome and it's realy an eye catcher. If you guys want to have a stylish phone with awesome capabilities, you might want to check out the Nokia 3250. It looks promising so far.2 Stars for the SLVR.

I LOVED this phone, back when I had the Cingular L7.  The screen is great, awesome features (If you are OK without iTunes).  I bought this unlocked version to replace my lost/stolen Cingular Slivr L7.  I had very poor reception with Cingular in the Twin Cities, MN.  I still love it, but I have decided I need the reception most of all.  Maybe T-Mobile is better with this phone?Please let me know :-)Great phone for staying in the city - Slim, great menus, bluetooth, speaker phone, great photos and a vibrant beautiful screen.

I bought the SLVR for my wife and a RAZR for my self. People who want iTunes should buy their phones through a service provider who includes it on the phone. Our unlocked SLVR (apparently produced for use in Europe...it came with European plug and a US adapter)did not come with iTunes. Having read the reviews I expected this. My wife uses her phone primarily for talking and text messaging. The SLVR has worked well for this. The only issue is that some of the shortcuts don't work. The main one missing is the one which you use to lock your keypad so that buttons are not accidently pressed. We get this message saying shortcut not available on this phone. Other than this small annoyance my wife and I really like the phone. We're living in Hungary right now and the SLVR is not sold here, so it's extra cool for others to see. The small, thin form factor is great. I'm almost tempted to get one of these to replace my RAZR!

This phone is a real powerhouse. if any one is looking for a phone i would reccomend this phone because it can do everything you want it to do and i know this because i've had this phone for three months now!

I bought this unlocked phone for a couple of reasons: to try to improve my erratic Cingular service, especially at my house, and to break free from the chains of my contract. On the first count, the phone does no better, or no worse, than my old phone, which is a bit frustrating, but oh well. At least I am not on a contract.This unlocked phone came with a manual in Arabic and a European-plug recharger cable. A converter to US plug was included in the box. Many of the features I have seen on friend's Cingular SLVR's were missing, including the iTunes software. There is probably some way to hack it on there.The camera is fairly decent for a tiny cell cam, it does the trick.All in all, it's a decent phone. For me it's a stop gap until the iPhone arrives.

I ordered this phone to use in Europe with a SIM card, and it works pretty well so far.  I just wanted a simple but not ugly phone, and this one was worth the money.

I bought this because you can set it up for international calls. However, I have not needed to use it yet, but Motorola phones tend to be OK, so I am not concerned that it will have problems for what I need it for.

I order slvrL7 unlocked phone with camera, mp3. is came ealier than I expectd. it worked good with AT&T,no warranty but they came in new. I like it.

when product was received it was not unlocked at all. I had to unlock this phone myself. Also battery was old and wont hold a charge. The charged tip was rusted as well.

My Gosh! I can't open the battery door. I press every button arount the body and I try to push the back door ahead. It still stick tightly to the body.

It works but I don't get great reception, the sound quality is only ok and the buttons are hard to push

Good product. Bought for my mom. The only bad side to it is that it doesn't have a Spanish language mode. Besides that it gets good reception and its very practical.

This phone worked pretty well for the first few days and then started to display the error message "Please insert SIM card". This displayed whether I would turn it off and back on or not. My SIM card was already in place and I checked to make sure it was making contact with the surface responsible for reading my SIM card. I used to work for Cellular One, so I'm not new to this type of equipment. I believe this may be a simple hardware issue, but I'm not about to look into it. Just returned mine to Amazon.com and waiting for a refund to purchase a different product. I think this is all on the manufacturer so I wouldn't hesistate to buy my next one through Amazon but I wouldn't jump at the chance to buy again from Motorola.

My girlfriend gave me this phone for Christmas, and I can't tell you how much I was excited by it. Camera! Video! MP3 Player! Look how stylish and sexy this phone is! I get so many compliments!But after the heady honeymoon days of novelty are over, this phone demonstrates some serious, irritating flaws. Let's look at some.1. The physical design. At first blush, this phone looks great. And it really does. It is very compact, and yet it has a heavy feel, leaving the holder with the sense of "quality." Yet because of this, the phone is easy to drop (more so than other phones I feel). If you want to do "low tech handsfree," i.e. wedge the phone between your shoulder and ear, forget it. The person on the other end of the line won't be able to understand you, and you'll probably just drop it anyway. So it's physically attractive, but not particularly practical.2. Battery life. Not bad at first, but if you own this baby for a few months, the battery life diminshes rapidly.3. User interface. Again, it seems really cool at first. Look, ma, at all the things I can do! But once you get over that, and just want to modify basic things, you realize that the interface is clumsy with a lot of confusing submenus. Bad, bad motorolla.4. Picture quality of the camera. Atrocious, given the price of the phone. Much older phones give you better quality photos. What a joke. The pictures of such poor quality, I don't even bother taking any with this phone. What's the point?5. The MP3 player. Little did I know that I'd have to get special earphones to listen to mp3s on this phone. And again, the sound quality just isn't that great. Considering you can get a "decent" mp3 player for around 20 bucks, there is no excuse that this phone should have such a worthless one. Also, see no. 2, supra.6. Other little annyoing things about this phone. If you unplug your phone from its charger while the screen is "on" the "phone is recharged" message will stay on your screen, where the date is supposed to be. Not a big deal, but annoying. Also, I get blank text messages from a phantom sender every time I get off the phone with the voice mail. I've tried everything, and can't figure out how to stop it--if you know, I'd appreciate the help.In conclusion, this phone is all style over substance. It's a toy, and not a particularly fun one to play with. So if you receive this phone as a gift, great. However, I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to buy this phone. Oh, and for all of you gushing over this phone who say "I just got it X days ago," just wait, my friends, just wait.

I purchased this phone to take with me on my move to South America.  Worked well for about 1.5 months, then slowly started turning itself off, locking up and requiring me to remove the battery to restart, sometimes would say it had no SIM, etc... then the battery got to where it would not take a charge.  The phone is in my closet and is now useless.  A few months before this one, I purchased a similar phone for my wife (a RAZR) and it has done extremely well... I think it is a crap shoot when you buy one of these "unlocked, no warranty" phones... it may be great or it may be a... well... you know what.

I ended up getting the RAZR about 3 1/2 years ago.  I had it for two weeks and hated it--it was too cumbersome, I hated that it flipped and, quite frankly, it was just ugly.  My friend was the opposite--she got the SLVR and hated it, so we traded.I really never had any problems with this phone until it was on its last leg THREE YEARS later.  How often does a phone actually withstand daily use and abuse and still work after that period of time??  I never had it in a case and always carried it in my back pocket and very rarely carried it in my purse.PROSThe speakerphone and regular earpiece were always clear (unless there was crappy reception.)Small enough to fit in my back pocket without even feeling it.Battery lasted FOREVER!!  I didn't send 500 texts a day, though.  I probably sent about 20 texts and spent 3ish hours daily on the phone and would only need to recharge it twice a week.iTunes was a nice feature.The flat keys seemed difficult to begin with, but after getting used to them were much easier to use when typing quickly.Can assign the soft keys and middle arrow keys to be whatever shortcuts you want--I've had other phones that don't have this feature.  It makes life much easier.Lasted THREE YEARS!CONSOk, so the camera sucked.  But if you want a camera... buy a camera.By the end of the three years it started to reset itself in the middle of calls.

Didn't have ITunes, like the description says. Makes noise even when the phone is off, for example when its charging, it beeps. Motorola phone tools isn't included, and it costs like $30. If you have cingular, you cannot use MediaNet, and after you check your voicemail, you will recieve a text message from no one. EVERYTIME. This phone isn't worth the hassle.

Have to second the other reviewer. Did not come with 512MB card as advertised, but with 128MB. Also, bluetooth functionality consistently froze the phone when pairing with computer or headset. Thus, was quickly sent back. Beautiful styling though. Perfect size and weight. Will probably pick up a Cingular branded version and have it unlocked.

i like to travel, and i have a phone for everywhere i go. for example, when i travel within the US, i use a cheap, old nokia (only because i wouldnt really care if it got stolen). when i travel to europe, i use my nokia 8800 which, up until recently, i thought was the best phone ever manufactured.I only just recently bought the motorola SLVR L7 to use on a normal daily basis, and I have absolutely no problems with it whatsoever. Its small, sleek, and stylish with all the amenities I could ask for in a phone, plus some. Who cares if the phone only holds 100 songs?! its amazing that it holds that many at all! and the sound quality is excellent. ALthough it is true that the battery doesnt last that long, I only charge my phone once a day, and thats while i sleep. I use my phone a lot, between calls and texts and listening to the iTunes, its unbelievable that I only really have to charge it once a day. To any ppl who are in the market for a new phone, I whole heartedly recomment the motorola SLVR L7.

This review is for the Cingular version of SLVR 7, not the unlocked version.  It's not clear why the vastly more popular RAZR isn't available in the US with iTunes rather than the less spectacular SLVR model.  I've always had flip phones.  I like them for compactness and their screen/keyboard protection.Basically SLVR is RAZR in a candy bar form factor.  It's a little too tall to fit in a pants pocket for sitting down.  As this is a new phone, accessories are hard to come by, including custom holsters.iTunes works as advertised.  The interface is adequate if not a peppy as an iPod.  The 100-song limit is a mystery except maybe they wanted to disguise the slow upload speed.  It has a very PC-like interface so it's pretty clunky to navigate. (Rumors of Apple designing a phone make me hope that finally a firm with some user interface expertise will enter the cell phone market!)Motorola's radio electronics are the best in the business, but the rest of the hardware is poorly designed.  The keyboard is difficult to use.  I have to press the keys with my fingernails to not double press keys -- and I have small hands!  The bizarre EMU Port isn't compatible with anything, so can only use Motorola's awful headset with the phone AND iTunes.  There are no quality stereo headsets with microphones (wired or unwired) that will allow you to use both as of this writing.  I suspect this is true for RAZR as well.  My phone did come with a 3.5mm adapter to plug in good headphones, but when the phone rings you have to unplug the EMU adapter to answer a call.  I tried using an adapter with my 2.5mm headset but I could only hear sound for system tones and iTunes. When it switched to phone mode, the sound was muted and apparently the microphone didn't work either. The phone needs an ESC(ape) key to help dig yourself out of dead-end menus for which none of the 3 choices is what you want.  It could also use a HOME key to quickly take you back to the top menu, rather than having to go backward 15 levels.I could live without the camera, which takes only fair pictures.  Many places now confiscate your phone if it has a camera. The Cingular version wastes a lot of valuable storage real estate with silly "protected" images and movies that you can't delete.The web browser is too slow, clunky (and expensive on Cingular) to be useful. I downloaded a few games.  This was easier to do on my computer then have them sent to the phone.  Their performance is acceptable but the screen is really too small -- if you want games, I'd suggest something the size of a Blackberry.  Also, the phone keypad is pretty useless if you want to do any kind of text messaging.Although the manual says you can't use iTunes for ringtones (which is true) you can use standard mp3s.  You just have to connect the USB cable and drag them to the mounted RAM card, then move them to the phone RAM and assign the tone. You could also email them to yourself.  Any music or sound effect could be used as a ring tone but you will need some kind of editing software (or use Trim in Apple Quicktime) to keep the length under 20 seconds.  Copy protected material will have to be burned to CD first then re-imported.  It seems silly to pay $2 for a 20 second ringtone when you could buy the whole song on iTunes (or perhaps you already paid for it), but you will have to go through a few steps to prep it for ringtones.  Just to be clear though, you can't use ringtones directly from iTunes, you can only use sounds stored in the multimedia folder.SLVR syncs (using iSync) with my Macintosh calendar and address book very well.  Each phone number on someone's "card" in your address book becomes a separate "card" in the phone, so this can be a bit of a hassle to scroll through.  You'd get even more cards if you turn on the mail and fax number feature (defaults off).  The calendar sync has a bug duplicating repeating events with each sync.  Otherwise the functionality of the phone calendar and phone book are acceptable.The voice recognition feature works fine but unlike phone network-based systems, you will have to teach the phone each name (twice). A daunting task for several hundred names.Voicemail integration with Cingular is non-existent.  It dials the voicemail number but then you're on your own with a generic DTMF interface.  They on-screen commands do nothing.The phone has fax capabilities but apparently no scripts to interface with computers. And I couldn't find any for RAZR either. This seems to me to be part of basic business functionality. Sure you could fax a note from the text interface on the phone...you might have this sentence typed in 2 hours.This is the first new phone I've bought in 5 years and I have to say I'm pretty disappointed with the overall lack of integration to the phone network and standard computer peripherals.  Manufacturers waste too much R&D; on coming up with new designs and geeky gimmicks like ring tones while you still can't send a fax from your PC.

I've had this phone for over a year and this is the best phone I have owned!!!!Pros:The itunes application is ridiculously easy to use and convenient if you prefer itunes on your comp.  But even if you don't prefer having itunes you can use "moto tunes" for same easy fucntionality. This phone is very slim and beautifully designed.  Mini usb and micro sd make it so much more desirable.  Syncing the progs with my comp were effortless.  And transferring data is a breeze. Speakerphone sounds good.  Call clarity awesome (I don't know if that's the quadband or Cingular).  Camera and video capture good even though VGA.Cons:Difficult to see the screen in sunlight. The fact that when you enter different numbers for the same person it creates a new entry. A flash for the camera would be nice.  A little more memory for the handset would be cool.  But with the memory card you can still store things at your fingertips.I am currently awating the release of the upgrade l9, which boasts a fm radio to add to all the other great assets.

This phone has it all! Cool looking! Sleek designHowever, there are 2 things Motorola needs to improve:1- Cannot retreive the phone # from your phone book when you're talking on phone2-Cannot see the screen unless you have to touch the key padOverall it's a great phone! I love it!

I just bought this phone and i'm quite impressed. here are the pros and cons:pros:-great design. probably the phone with the best deign i've ever come across. it's thin and very elegant. something you only realize when you hold it in your hand.-versatile: mp3, camera, bluetooth and all the rest. if you think about it it's really very good for a phone of that size and weightcons:-when the display isn't backlit the phone goes black and you need to be in the light at a very particular angle to see the display.  this happens with all motorolas. Nokias disply, when not backlit, is still perfectly visible in a normally lit environment. Although, after all, you only have to press a button and the phone lights up. no big deal.-not a good camera. believe me, i'm a photographer: if you want satisfaction out of a camera, don't rely on a phone camera. They all suck, no matter the megapixels. I didn't buy this phone for the camera, and neither should you.- the integrated loudspeaker isn't very loud, although you can hear it ok from a short distance. (and yes, i did try it with max volume!!). other motorolas are better.-This is a defect with my phone - not all slvrs - bluetooth doesn't recognise other phones and therefore only recives. But that's just me and my incredible BAD LUCK with elctronics.this is the review of a very picky person. 4 stars is a good rating

I bought the L7 slvr last month from Amazon and it came in as advertise.  This phone is not bad.  Looks real smooth in black, easy to use and it sounds real clear.  The battery life is not bad as well.  I haven't charged it in 3 days with moderate usage and it still has one bar up.  One thing I would suggest is buying a case for it because it's easy to smudge fingerprints on the screen.  So far the phone is fine.  If you're looking for a basic phone with so-so bells and whistles this would not be a bad choice.

Unfortunatly when I went looking for a new phone I was in awe at the pink Slvr L7. They had just gotten in the pink one and the idea of iTunes was a huge turn on for an obsessive iPod user.The phone in general is horrible and had to be replaced once. After about three weeks of having the thing it decided to hang up on who I was talking to exactly 13 minutes into the conversations. On top of that the people I would be talking to could hardly hear me and I could barely hear them even on loud volume. However I will say that Cingular did exchange the phone with roughly no questions asked; great customer service. The keypad is a bit hard to use so if you like to text this isn't the best phone. If you use the calander function on your phones forget about this one. All of the softwear is the same as the Razr which is highly unimpressive. Everything on this phone scratched so easily it was irritating. I'd even keep this thing in a leather case and it'd somehow scratch! I use a digital camera for almost all of my pictures but I do occasionally use the cell phone one and I can tell you this one sucked. It seemed like all of my pictures were blurry. On top of that I don't recall being able to put those pictures on the computer ((I could be wrong though, I gave up after about two days of trying to figure out some of the features that didn't have to be difficult on this stupid thing)).Some good did come with this phone. iTunes was an interesting feature I actually enjoyed. The music sounded very nice despite not going up loud enough for certain situations. I also liked how if you had a message or a call coming in it'd turn the music off so you could answer. The sound of MusicTones was also very good. The bad things about the iTune function was that it took just about forever to load the songs and you could only put 120 songs on it. The hot pink color was pretty cool too. But that was about it.I put aside my Treo for this. One piece of junk for another. Unless your new to cell phones and/or don't use it for anything but talking ((and I suppose a bit of music)) I would highly advise you not buy the Slvr L7.

I got the SLVR for a birthday present, and I have to say this is probably the most amazing cell phone I've ever seen. It's unbelievably easy to figure out and use, even for those inexperienced in the tech department.The picture quality is great, though you have to hold the phone super still or the picture will be too blurry to make out. The video quality is decent, but decent is pretty amazing for a cell (again, if you have shakey hands, you're not gonna be able to make out what's going on). Other than that, the color quality and clarity are great. Oh, and the phone doesn't have a flash, but that doesn't really matter as long as you're outside, or have some lights on.The iTunes is where it really shines. I was worried about the sound quality of the music, seeing as how it is a cell phone and not an iPod, but the sound is absolutely superb. Though, the one downfall is the voume only goes from 0-7, and there isn't really a quiet volume setting. So you have silent, loud, very loud etc... but personally, I don't find that to be a real problem.

It said that it came with earbud headphones.  It does not.It said it had iTunes on it.  It does not.The description raves about how the phone "shines as a music player," but the manual does not tell you how to put music on it.  After hours of internet searches, I found there is a program called Motorola Phone Tools you can buy for an additional $50.00.  And I'm pretty sure that this extra program you have to buy to make you "music phone" work is not Mac compatible.I feel lied to and am disappointed in Amazon for not regulating the reviews on this product.Why did I spend some extra money on a music phone if it won't play any music?  Will someone explain this to me?

This could have been okay as a basic phone.. but this phone has some major problems.So you are better off paying a bit up and finding a better model without the hassles.a) There is no dedicated headset jack; I think you are supposed to use the micro-USB to connect earphones/mic. Good luck finding that while on the road if you don't have one. Using it as a music player with regular headset is ruled out because of this.b) The bluetooth connection is not stereo. So it is not useful for music -- I am not even sure this one will play music through bluetooth headset.c) The micro-SD slot doesn't want to read a 2GB card. I am not talking about SDHC -- but just regular SD format. I think I saw a mention of 512K limit somewhere. Good luck finding a 512K card.d) without a working SIM this phone doesn't want to do anything. Basically a power consuming brick. Not sure if all the GSM phones behave that way, but I find that annoying all the same.e) Don't be taken in by the Mobal card offer worth $20 talk time. Requires a credit card with you on the hook for any calls (you supposedly) made -- also $2.50/min charge for pretty much any number in the world -- incoming and outgoing. Pretty steep. If you are completely out of options in an emergency it may be worth it -- but a little bit of planning should save you 80-90%.

I just got this phone 2 days ago and started tinkering on it. The fact that it has i tunes on it is pretty cool. I text a lot and I dont suggest getting this phone if u text more just because my fingers are getting calloused already since the keypad is hard (because of it being so slim) and the keys to the letters are not perfectly alligned with each other so i miss a lot of letters which is a waste of time to keep deleting and retyping. The address book also sucks since you couldnt type in other numbers like home number or office number under one name. It will create another line of the same name if you type in their other phone numbers. Its my 1st time to own a motorolla since I always have the newest nokias but I just wanted to try it (for a change). But Im not impressed at all.... and the camera is VGA....yikes! (not bad but its cheap that they didnt make it into at least 1.3Mp)...And the ringing tones are so few and they suck too... For all texters out there, this isnt for you!!!

I really like the whole setup of the Slvr, the iTunes connection is nice and the sound is clearer than I've ever had. My only problem is that the screen smudges easy and is hard to clean, I suggest buying a screen protector.

THIS PHONE HAS EVERYTHING! IT IS THE COOLEST LITTLE THING IN THE WORLD! BUY FROM J_ELECTRONICS. HE SHIPS OUT QUICK AND HAS A US VERSION. HE ANSWERS EMAILS FAST AND SHIPS FEDEX!

I'm not the super tech, iphone type, so I was really just looking for; Good reception, Cool looks, Decent Camera, Bluetooth, Good reception, Sturdy Build, Good Reception, ability to actually hear those talking to me and be heard, and a few other small frills. This phone really has me. Again if you're looking for extreme sofistication, go somewhere else. IF you want to be able to talk to people and look cool, get the Mto SLVR L7. Don't get it for the itunes junk, buy an ipod for your music needs. Umm, yea, I really really like it, best phone I've had so far, 5 star.

Update - Cingular sent me a replacement for my SLVR.  It has the same problems.  That's three phones out of three - two for me and one for my daughter - with the same problem.  Lockups and intermittent operation.  I finally figured out part of the problem.  Whenever an attempted voice dial fails, whether it was an intentional dial or an accident of pressing the button by mistake or pressing the headset button too long, then the phone will not make or receive any calls until you power it off and on again.  At least now, if I am really careful how I handle it, my phone works most of the time.  My suggestion is not to buy this phone for another 6 months or a year!Original review follows:This is a great phone when it works.  There was a report this week on CNN about the RAZR phones that were sold late February 2006 and early March 2006 being recalled for a software bug.  It is my guess that the SLVR, which is a close relative of the RAZR, has the same bug because my SLVR only works about half the time.  Most of the time, when I try to make a call, the display will say "Calling xxxxxxx" but it just hangs there until I click End, even up to 20 minutes with nothing happening.Any time I don't use my bluetooth headset for a few hours and then try to use it, the bluetooth on the phone will have quit working and to get it working again, I have to power the phone off and on again.My daughter has the same phone and has the same problems.When it works, though, it is a great phone.  The iTunes holds only 100 songs, like the other reviews said, but that's an iTunes issue - it treats this like an iPod Nano.Cingular is sending me a replacement for my SLVR and, hopefully, it will work better and have these issues resolved.  In the mean time, I suggest giving more time for the bugs to be worked out.  Once it becomes more reliable, I would highly recommend the phone.

Pros: sleek design, very thin, very light, good interface2. itune doesn't require the locked version, I got my hacked itune by surfing online and got it on the phone3.  Can play MGP-4 video, but very small in size, because control panel takes half of the screen.4. SD mini card if a great design, acts like a flash drives5. quad band is a great feature, you can use it almost any where in the world except for Japan and S.Korea, since they use 3rd or even 4th generation cellphone.Cons: Some areas out of services even tough same services provider phone(a song errison)has full strength, I had few or no signal areas in Wal-mart, even it's a very opened area.2.  Don't drop it, cuz it leaves a very ugly scracth, My phone was fine untill yersterday, I was getting out of the car, and it dropped, I mean it dropped, I'm so f***ing piss.3. Camera resolution wish to be highier, VGA camera sucks and no flash(guess it's the draw back for being thin and small).  But then again, phones aren't made to take pictures, if I want a good picture I use good camera like Nikon or Canon brand camera.

I like this phone. I was kinda disappointed when i got it, i guess i hyped myself up way too much, its a pretty good phone though. I didn't like the selection of ring tones but i guess thats not too important. Reception is great, everyone hears me fine. Speaker phone is pretty good I've learned to put it on my left shoulder facing up. (if no headset or bluetooth)I'm actually buying it again because my husband loves it. So this is a birthday present to him :)

I bought this phone to take with me on trips to Europe as I use a CDMA phone in the states.  The phone came with a sim card from Mobal.com and after charging it up and activating the sim card, it just worked. I was able to text and call with no problem in Belgium and the Netherlands.  It's a somewhat basic phone, but that's all I wanted.  I was impressed with some of the intelligent typing as well. Not have a full keyboard means typing is slower, but the phone is pretty smart about figuring out what you are trying to write.

I got an unlocked one from somewhere else. Be aware that different online seller might sell different version of slvr l7. Mine didn't come with iTune yet has a motorola audio player in game & application which works mostly like an itune: play, pause, skip, shuffle, visualizer,playlist......However, comparing to other brands like nokia and sony ericsson, slvr's operating systerm is not very personal or delicately designed to approach our convenience. I have to press so many buttons to get to where i want.Nowadays, so many phones claim to have bluetooth and so does slvr l7. However, my pc wasn't equipped with bluetooth. so i plugged in an usb bluetooth adapter. I found dissappointing that slvr l7 could only exchange some files and connect to a bluetooth headset. I could not found the Human Interface Device of slvr's bluetooth. *human interface device (hid) lets your phone remote control your pc like a mouse through bluetooth wireless. It would be very helpful when giving a powerpoint presentation and switching slides. may be i didn't get the right usb bluetooth adapter. Anyway, I tried my friend's sony ericsson phone and it could be automatically installed and remote control my pc like a mouse. hope motorola to make its technology more personal.PTT is a little award to set up. and the phone couldn't support many video formats.the design  is phenomenal.the battery hurts pretty bad if you use too much entertainment feature such as music with the speaker on, although the speaker is decent. GPRS is hard to set up, and my carrier T-mobile doesn't provide much information to set up the phone.to make this slvr phone work to its optimum, over $100 would be spent to expand memory, bluetooth headset, higher capacity battery......

I bought the unlocked SLVR about a month ago now, and I love it.  Keep in mind that I am not tech-savvy in the least, and it was somewhat difficult to figure out how to get the messaging to work and the internet.  I found a bunch of sites online that helped with the setup, and once I did, it was great!  The only bummer is that I didn't read before I bought it that the 'foreign' (unlocked) SLVR's do NOT come with ITunes.  I was a little bit upset over that, but then again, I do have an IPod...

i got this phone for free. before i had an old beat up mototrola phone i had for 2 years. when it got stolen, cingular sent me there newest phone the slvr for free. i love cingular. oh and the phone, its actually pretty good. great features, nice look.

If you were disappointed like me with your RAZR, you should consider this phone. I wanted to stay with a Motorola phone because I have Motorola Phone Tools software setup to synch with my Lotus Notes contacts and calendar. This makes my phone SO much more useful to me. Its the ONLY thing I liked about the RAZR. When the Verizon store said I could bring it back in 30 days for whatever reason, I figured I had nothing to lose. I am genuinely pleased after 3 days of heavy use.Software: At first glance you will think that its using the same software as your RAZR. But its definitely improved.* The "Say a Command" function is MUCH improved -- and not only because its more polite ("PLEASE say a command"). Its much faster at responding and its  slightly more intuitive at guiding you through a command.* The menus system seems to respond much faster to key entry.* The menus have been reorganized slightly. Items are laid out more logically.Other major differences that I have noticed after 3 days of heavy use:* Keypad buttons are much smaller than the RAZR. No biggie. They were pretty large on the RAZR.* The side buttons are flush and less likely to be bumped while holding the phone (big problem I had with the RAZR). Of course, placement of the lens for the camera is alot less likely to result in a pic of a finger.* While the screen continues to perform poorly in sunlight, the SLVR is probably 15-20% better than the RAZR was. If you haven't noticed, most every slim phone has a dim screen in daylight.* The battery seems to hold a charge significantly better than the RAZR. After a day of use, my RAZR would be on one bar by the end of the workday. I had a heavy use day and the SLVR is on 3 of 4 bars now.The Music Essentials kit and a micro SD card are a must for any music lover. Audio is surprisingly good for a phone. The headset that comes with the kit doesn't carry bass as well as I would like, but its definitely adequate. I plan to transfer audio books onto the phone and listen to them via my car stereo's audio input.Edit: After two months of HEAVY daily use, the battery is still holding up much, much better than any of the RAZR batteries I ever hard.

The SLVR L7 (in my opinion) is one of the sleekest, feature-packed cell phones out there. Unfortunately, my provider (T-Mobile) doesn't offer this phone, so I went with this unlocked phone from Amazon.com. The plus is that I had absolutely no problem using this phone with T-Mobile.The down side is that this is a hobbled phone. ALL menu options for connecting a Bluetooth device are not only disabled, but are completely missing from this phone. To add injury to insult, the features that would allow you to connect the phone to a PC via USB are also missing/disabled.I confirmed this through a lengthy call to Motorola's tech support, who informed me that it would be impossible to enable the Bluetooth on the unlocked phone - even IF they did support it. Which they do not.The bottom line is that the phone's firmware cannot be updated to enable Bluetooth. For me, this is a dealbreaker ... especially living in California, where it will be illegal to drive and talk on a cell phone without a headset beginning in January, 2008. Sadly, I have returned this phone to Amazon due to the fact that it does not meet the description for the item. I wanted to write this review to alert potential buyers of this ... if I had known about the phone's limitations, I would have not purchased it.

I bought this phone with lot of excitement coz of its look and latest cutting edge technology in it.. i used it for 3 weeks and my experince was not good with this phone. i faced a bettry problem , with out any reason battery used to go down.. and some time phone turns off. i charge it twice a day and the same problem existed.Second problem was , the voice quality was not the good and also the ringing options were too bad.. finally i dumped this phone and got my nokia.. Life is easy now.

Please be aware that the phone shipped by ACE Digital Club is from GermanyDoes not include any of the items that come with the phone in USDoes not have a memory flash card, does not have the earphone attachmentThe User Guide is in GermanAnd the software can not connect with iTunesNeither Motorola nor Cingular support this PHONE fro ACE DIGITAL CLUB - do not buy it from them

I was a little upset with the fact that I had a perfectly fine MicroSD card, and yet the phone did not recognize it.  Online help said to reformat it on a computer, and I did reformat that, but when I tried to access my card from this phone, it did not work and asked me to reformat the card, only to fail and ask for a retry.Also, just because it seems all computer compatible doesn't mean it is: the Motorola phone software costs $35 extra.Also also, this phone came marked for Cingular, and was set to use their services.

This is a great phone. I love the memory card option.  The Camera takes great pictures, much better than my old Razr.  I would recommend it!

just got the phone yesterday. everything about this phone is great. it's very sleek and not many people have it yet. itunes is a huge plus. i plugged it into my computer with the included usb cable and my pc automatically found and installed the phone. audio transfer from itunes is a breeze. the only drawback (as mentioned in another review) is the ridiculously loud volume when you have your headphones plugged in, but it doesn't bother me too much. it's a very user friendly and sturdy phone. i would reccomend this phone to anyone. i owned the razr before the slvr and i'm glad i got it. i can't wait for more cases and accessories to come out. over all, if you're looking for a great, stylish, fun, easy-to-use phone, i would say get it! it's well worth the price.

The phone is unlocked, and all the features work flawlessly.  Aside from having to contend with the 220V adapter there isn't much to complain about.  A local purchase of the same product would cost a bit more, but would have come with a memory card and a wired headset.  Those aside I would still highly recommend this buy.  I am getting another one myself, and also buying a SANDISK 1GB card and a Motorola bluetooth headset to go along with it.

Ahh well. I was pretty mad when I got this because I hunted for it everywhere, and bought it for a specfic reason--it was supposed to have itunes! The international version does NOT. I bought a card reader, usb cord everything nothing seems to work.... cute phone tho, but don't buy if it you want it for iTUNES like me.

This is not the latest phone in the market but i would buy it again.  I never did like flip phones and that's why this phone was appealing to me. Straight and thin and actually feels very sturdy.  Almost like metal and not cheapo plastic.  Main features that i like, quad band... so i can use it anywhere in the world, great bluetooth (syncs with my handsfree and gps), as well as has one mini usb connector for car, home, and computer conenction.  This is great because now all i need is one cable to charge and connect all my gadgets.. camera, gps, phone...Do not buy this if you need a music player, good camera, or internet access.  THere are much better products out there.This phone is trendy enough to be cool but not too fashinable that it's uncool.  It's understated.

I used this piece for 6 months and finally dumped it. It freezes for no reason, use the bluetooth, voice dial, sneeze.......... When I use Bluetooth I have to turn of an on the phone atleast twice a day, it just stops working and you will miss incoming calls. What a piece of junk from Motorola.I brought my trusted Nokia and life is easy again.

I ordered the Slvr L7 from this company thinking I would be getting in return, what the discription online was.  Including Itunes, USB cables, and a cool new Slvr phone. Did I get that in the mail after waiting over a week?? No, I did not.  I got some cheap European version, with no itunes or cable or cool phone.  It came with a charger that was meant for Euopean outlets...what the heck am I going to do with that in the States?!  I am very disapointed with this company and they claim that I can't get a full refund for something that I didn't want.  Sweet, thanks for the false advertisment.  dont buy from here

Some specifics about my experience, and usage tips; I'll leave it to others to do an overview:Out of the box, this is NOT a great phone.  It took a LOT of effort to learn and customize in order to use it effectively, but after that, it's very good.  If and only if you're up for the effort, I highly recommend the phone.  Older phones I've had were much more usable out of the box.MENUS:I changed the home screen buttons around to have the items I use the most - SMS, recent calls, and calendar, and to put phone book where I'm used to it being.  I also changed menu order.  Some moron put Tools under the Settings menu; that can't be fixed.  Since when is a Tool a kind of Setting?  Maybe it makes more sense in whatever language the developers speak.PHONE BOOK.I changed the phone book listing format - this was CRUCIAL to making it usable.  It has its own Setup menu, separate from Settings. These made it usable, especially View and View by:-- View by:list, Sort by:name, View:Primary Contacts, Search Method: Jump To.  I synchronize my phone book with my Mac iBook using the FREE iSync, for easy data entry and for backup.STORAGE:ESSENTIAL: I changed where it stores images, games, and ringtones (from the phone to the memory card), which allowed me to transfer images to my computer, transfer games to & from my computer (e.g. cellufun's free sudoku, chess, etc.), and use an mp3 as a ringtone.  This should be possible from the phone's internal memory, but it isn't, so WOW - knowing that this change makes is possible makes the phone MUCH BETTER than I thought it was at first.  Also, these settings (and some others too) get lost if the phone loses power and have to be reset; this is LAME!BLUETOOTH:It works well with the cardo scala-500 I got from amazon.  I set up a shortcut for quickly enabling bluetooth when I am wearing my headset. FYI, if you get a bluetooth headset, be warned that it can't be used to listen to music; in fact, if you have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music through the built-in speaker.  [Edit: it does work with some (unspecified) bluetooth headsets, according to the manual; Update: BUT, I've tried 3 bluetooth headset models and they didn't work.  The SLVR doesn't support the required protocol, A2DP, so I think the statement in the manual is false.]iTunes:Very good!  I just wish it would remember what songs it had already played.  [Edit: maybe the repeat all option does that; it's undocumented; trying it now...]PRICE:I got mine for $50 with contract renewal from cingular ~Mar '06; a billing dispute took such a huge effort to resolve that the office of the president staff let me get it at that price.I've yet to figure out how to use the free EDGE I have grandfathered on my account to browse the Internet at no charge.  I've called, but haven't reached a clueful cingular support rep yet.

I WANT IT BECAUSE MY BABY DESTROY MY RAZR,  IT'S JUST THE SAME ONLY THAT IS NOT A FLIP PHONE,  SOMETIMES IT'S AN EXTRA, SOMETIMES YOU MISS IT.  WATHEVER,  IF YOU THINK IT'S BETTER THAN THE RAZR, FORGET IT, KEEP YOURS,

If you are buying this phone for Itunes don't, all quadband Slvrs do Not come with Itunes which is the exact reason that I bought this phone, do not buy this phone if you are looking for Itunes.  The phone also doesn't work with T-mobile Internet so I can't get on the internet from it, also you can not download anything such as skins, games, multimedia texts, videos pics... etc, I am very disapointed with the phone and have been trying to replace it with amazon for a long time but they really arn't much help.  Be warned all that you are buying here is a phone that can send texts, talk, and take very poor pictures.  This phone cannot browse the internet if you use a service other than Cingular, I really warn you not to buy this phone, you may as well burn you money.

this is the best phone i have ever owned, through cingular. do not buy this phone UNLOCKED because you will not be able to use half of the features. Cingular provides bluetooth and web access and you cant use either on a unlocked phone.

I buy it for my girlfriend and she loves it... has almost all functions of the Razors & K1 with extra funny animations. You can increase the storage capacity with an extra MicroSD card of 512MB. the only defect is the screen which is very delicate to scratches so you have to buy with a protective case at the same time. It supports spanish language.

I have the cingular version of this phone and it comes with a 512mb tflash card. Yes, it is restricted to 100 songs but it is more than enough to me ( I never use up the songs limit). Furthermore, if one song is around 5mb, 100 songs occupy 500mb. There is no point to buy 1gb tflash for this phone since you will never use the extra 500mb. My only complain is songs transfer into the phone need to be below 192kbps. Other than that sound quility is excellence in my opinion.++By the way, at the time that I bought this phone, the cingular version is unlocked. I try atandt and tmobile card on it and they work fine.

So whoever allegedly "quality checked" these phones should be deported.  The phone is in Spanish, and spent over an hour and still couldn't get it to English.  The phones are refurb, not new.  I got 2, and each comes with its own cosmetic defects.So I did managed to make and receive a few calls from my pure Spanish guessing.  It's volume and signal strength is average at best.What a waste of money and time.

If it always worked like it was supposed to it would be awsome.Mine drops calls when It shows I have full reception.My calls break up and I have to hang up and call back before it will work.Sometimes when I try to unlock the keys to use the phone, The screen will go blank and the phone will not respond for about 15-20 seconds.Way to many little gimick features that just clutter up the user menu.My wifes is way worse than mine but she got water on hers so I won't complain about it.

Might as well have gone into toys r us and gotten a better toy phone in there! The keypad started cracking not long after I got it. It sucks.

This product worked great for my intended use. Which was international calling from the Philippines. The only draw back that I discovered was it will not send or receive picture mail.TerrieColorado

After reviewing dozens of quad-band multi function phones, I decided on Cingular's Motorola SLVR7 and am not disappointed in it at all.  It is very easy to set up and use--and I'm an over 50 grandmother who is a musician.  It's perfect for my orchestral work because I can load it with the music I'm getting ready to perform and listen while I'm on a plane, etc.  I'm glad I didn't buy an MP3 player because this is like a twofer!  It has great reception as a phone and the signal is strong and clear.  I can actually hear it when it rings inside my purse.  Excellent!  And, I bought the hot pink one--of course!

GREAT MOTOROLA PHONE.MINE IS UNLOCKED AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ABROAD.

Honestly, I really do like my SLVR. It's sleek and it does everything it's supposed to do. But there is one major problem: the iTunes volume control. iTunes has volume settings 0-7, with "0" being silent. The problem is that setting "1" is as loud as my regular ipod turned up to 2/3 of its maximum volume! this is just too loud a lot of the time. I couldn't use it in the office or when I wanted to listen quietly. It's even a little too loud for walking around outside.I contacted Motorola about this, but they denied that it was a widespread problem and said they had no plans to fix it, even though it has been mentioned in reviews of the phone. I was forced to do a sloppy fix by buying some new headphones with an in-line volume control. This works for listening to iTunes, but creates another problem. With the included heaphones, if the phone rings while you are listening to music, you can just press a button on the cord to answer. With any other headphones, you must fish the phone out of your pocket and disconnect the cord before you can answer. It's not a major thing, but it is an annoyance.

So I got this phone about more than half a year ago when it was kinda introduced into the US market.  I got this phone for free when I signed up for a TMobile plan (if you are asian you know how to get this phone for free).Anyhow why the heck did I ever get this phone???  Everyone who has owned a RAZR has complained about their phone, but the salesperson (stupid me) convinced me that the RAZR was a significant upgrade from the RAZR and that I WON'T get the problems like the RAZR.  Also, the RAZR had only 3 upgrades v1, v2, and v3 whereas the SLVR had upgrades L5, L6, and L7.  You know what folks?  Those upgrades don't mean jack since they really don't help out at all.So what are the PROS and CONS of this phone???PRO:-I have bragging rights on people who have never seen such a thin phone (pshhhh!!!)-It fits in my pocket so discretly-Bluetooth works well with a Motorola Bluetooth ear piece, I had to switch to a Jabra one when I lost my Motorola Bluetooth and now I'm having all sorts of static problemsCONS:-Compared to my OLD cheap Nokia, this phone reception is severly crappy.  I get so many drop calls per day, I don't have enough fingers to count (this only happens while driving) (sigh I miss my old Nokia)-Battery life is NOT like my old Nokia, this phone needs to be charged about 1 1/2 days (if lucky 2 days) but that is rare.-the OS is super slow.  When scrolling down from name to name, this thing doesn't move fast.  IE when moving from Kathy to Kelly, the interface doesn't respond as fast as you wish.  So sometimes it takes a tad longer to move from point A to point B.  and this isn't just the phonebook, it is on almost every movement in the phone.-Bluetooth... I dunno, I seemed to be "OK" when using a bluetooth earpiece but when I switched to a JABRA it didn't seem to well (see my JABRA review for that)-Yes I know this doesn't operate like my old cheapo Nokia phone but that phone just worked.  If you folks want a phone to work as a phone, stick with Nokia.  I don't know why I keep on going back to Motorola but this is my 3rd one and although my first 2 were pretty good, this one stinks!!!-Oh and camera quality is really really really bad.  Not even a full megapixel.I could go on but I got stuff to do.  I laid down the basics for everyone.So what is the answer folks?  If you want a phone that doesn't work so well but to showoff (stupid me) then get this phone.  If you want a phone to operate as a phone and not drop off from the face of this planet, get a Nokia or NEC or a SONY.  Those puppies work great.  Stay away from the Motorola RAZR (which my dad has) and this POS Motorola SLVR.  Not worth it, even for free (sad to say).

THe produce is doing fine. I have not had any issues. I am satisfied for the money I paid.

This phone being my first cell I love it. The only problems I have is that it slips out of my hands easily but it hasn been tough so far. Second  thing I HATE about it is when I am on the phone when I lose a bar sometimes the phone will flash off and then turn back on, which can be exremly frustrating when trying to type a long text messege :|

Reception for this phone is terrible. Will not work in my home or at work. My 4 year old motorola KRZR worked great in these locations. Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return this phone for a full refund. Purchased this phone based on high ratings from previous reviews. But in my area phone is useless.

Anyone who thinks this is a great phone has never used even a very good phone.  Unless, just having a cool blue-lit keyboard and the ability to play mp3's is all you need to call it great.  My previous phone was a Motorola i930 Smartphone with a different carrier.What makes it mediocre?- I bought the accessories package which came with the  Motorola H500 Bluetooth headset.  The bluetooth connection, just from my waist to the headset, often has static.- the phone book can NOT store addresses- on the i930 smartphone, you could list someone as Julie Smith Sue's friend.  You could find this person by going to your phone book and typing  Sue.  this phone book can only jump to the first letter like J (you can NOT go to Ju, the names jump to any that start with U as soon as you push the second letter.  So with the name Julie, if you have 14 friends or businesses that start with J, you jump to the first J and then have to scroll down (or guess that it is closer to go to K and scroll backwards).- if you have contacts listed by their first name, you can NOT look up someone by their last name without going through about 4 menus to get to the "find" function.- the display font is somewhere between 7pt and 9pt, with no ability to change the size.  A typical printed page is 12pt.  I was able to change to a black background with white letters, so it is OK to read.- keys are small, I have to use my fingernail to accurately press keys.- keyboard goes dark after about 30 seconds, so you have to guess where the next button you need is located. . . . that also impacts . . .- the screen goes completely blank after 30 seconds.  So,if you get a message, an alarm, a calendar alert, you can't see it if you were not looking at the phone when it was received.  When you push any key, the display lights up, and you get to see the message for 1/10th of a second.  If you force yourself to ALWAYS push the speakerphone button before EVER doing any other function, like dialing a number, then you can see what was on the display before it went dark.  You may think this is no big deal; but it means if you ever set your phone down, and then leave the room, you must always push the speakerphone button when you pick up the phone, or you lose your reminder / alert.  This also impacts . . .- you can press down on the volume key to go to vibrate mode.  However, one more accidental bump of that key, which happens even in my motorola belt clip, makes the phone go silent.  So, you get a screen message for an incoming call, an alarm, a calendar alert, etc.- You can add several numbers to a name; but accessing more than the first one is a pain. (sometimes the right scroll button brings up the next number, usually not).  What impacts this is - if you loaded names and numbers (addresses are dropped) from your Outlook, and then you add a fax or cell number to someone who is already listed, that number is not sequentially in the phone, and so the number can NOT be accessed by scrolling with the right scroll button.  This was VERY easy on Motorola's i930, and phone types were marked with little letters, like m for mobile, h for home, w for work.  This phone has tiny icons, and if you make something the "main" contact number, you lose all traces as to whether that was home, mobile, whatever.- when I first got the phone with the Motorola Phone Tools (paid extra) I could copy pictures and MP3s to and from the phone; but my calendar and phone book would not sync with Outlook.  Motorola sent me a "fix".  Now Outlook calendar and phone book sync; but I can not put MP3s or photos to and from the phone anymore.- with my previous Audiovox, Kyocera, Nokia and Motorola phones I never found myself saying "what did you say?".  Now that happens at least every other day (I'd say I average 10 to 20 calls a day).- speakerphone volume is the lowest of any phone I have ever owned.- video volume is less than half of what I would get with the i930.  I recorded several songs done by a 100 person womans choral group.  Live they thundered the room.  I stood about 20 feet away to record video (maybe to even use as a ring tone).  When I play these wonderfully full-sounding songs for people, they have to hold the phone near their ear to hear the recording - so they can't see the video at the same time.  The Motorola i930 recorded and played well.What do I like?- setting up the bluetooth was easy, and it syncs right back up when I turn on the headset.  I only use the bluetooth a few calls per week, so I appreciate that it syncs up well.- the menus are customizable.  So I have four functions (most allowed) on the main screen which are things I use often  One item is my MP3 player; but I can no longer put music on the phone.- the phone is small; but not too small.- the screen is decent size.- it has a micro-sd slot; but it is under the battery.  My phone did not come included with a micro-sd card.  Of no use anymore to me since I can not copy pics or music to or from the phone.- the phone is sturdy- the camera zooms in nice - but I can't get the pics off the phone to comment on the quality.This phone does not have any benefits to me over the RAZR and isn't half the phone of the i930.  Before someone comments the i930 costs more, it was free with my last service, I went out of my way to pay $100+ extra to get the SLVR.  I would in hindsight have saved my money and gone with the RAZR or I would buy a different brand if given the chance.

"The SLVR L7 is a messaging and wireless Internet powerhouse. Support is built in for sending and receiving pictures, text, graphics, sound, and video via messages."This is in the phone description but i am unable to send or receive picture messages. Whenever i try to send one it says unable to send.  When i try to receive one it says unable to down load  And i have no idea how to get music onto the phone.Other than that it's a cool phone. i'm just very disappointed about the messaging and music

I bought this phone for me dad for his birthday.  When I received the package, only the phones and battery was in the box, there was no charger, CD, manual or any other accessories. What is even worst is when i visited my dad a week later the phone wasn't black anymore, the paid has completely pealed off and the phone was looking a mess.  This is unfortunate since when you make a purchase you usally want quality for your month. When I bought this I bought two nokia 5800 and todate I have no regrets for the Nokia.10/16/2009:  The phone is currently not working...Terrible!!!1

After reading the reviews here at Amazon, I thought i found a cell phone exactly what i was looking for.  I ordered the phone, it looked thin, cute etc. etc....Since this is an International version, there is no warranty on this product, the phone takes some time to get used to and as it claims in the specification, does not hold a charge for that long.  Mine holds charge for about a day or two.  I dont use much other features on this phone.  Overall call clarity is good.

O.K. I was browsing Amazon looking for phone cases when I saw the SLVR!! I bought an Iphone recently and had to shelve the SLVR but for anyone that needs a reliable phone with decent video and camera quality don't hesitate on this! I used this phone for 4 years and it held up like a champ and could go for 3-4 days without charging.(Whereas Iphone needs a daily charge) I used this phone a lot on a day to day basis too.I had also dropped this phone a number of times but it's resilient and sturdy enough to have never caused any damage.(Unlike my new phone where you if you drop it from 1 foot off the ground you run the risk of cracking the glass and then paying [...] at the crazy Apple store to get it fixed.)All in all I would say that this was the best phone I ever bought and the only reason I upgraded was because I needed a GPS feature (GoogleMaps on Iphone). The Iphone is awesome, but you expect that because essentially it's a smartphone/small computer. If I had to choose the best phone I've ever played with(that includes camera, video camera, games, functionality, battery and size) then I'd say this phone is the best. I'm keeping the SLVR just because I will probably be using this phone again one day!

Me $30 Dolar back ? for use amazon visa ?

Purchased as a replacement phone instead of going through local office. Bought at a fantastic price. Arrived quickly and functions just as well as the one it replaced.

This is a good value product that completely cover what I was expecting from it. Is really an open cell phone. I have used it as a family back up phone and have worked well with 3 different local operators.The battery was not keeping full charge,but after a small conditioning recover a good part of its power capacity.Simple to use phone with a lot of features for this price.

This a good phone, however think twice before you go out and spend additional money on a Micro SD chip and specially designed mini USB headphones.  The volume is set so low it is not usable as an MP3 player.

the first day it arrived home i turned on and had to put the sim to see the features meanwhile it was charging. the next day after the 8 hours charge i tried to turn it on and the keyboard light turn on for 2 seconds and then nothing happens. They sold me a broken cellphone i am very disgusted with this.

I just got this phone about 2 weeks ago.  I did it through cingular, and I was impressed that it actually did come with the 512MB Micro SD card.  IT was a great price for a great looking phone.Pros-Great looking phone, all my friends comment on it so it goo that way-it has integrated itunes which works great-the transfer time is pretty good- menu is pretty easy to use since you can rearange the buttons assignment (soft keys!!).-I am pretty impressed by the speaker-the screen is a good size, good color under the right conditions-my favorite is that it can play mpeg-4 videos just great.  The only thing is that you need to convert videos down a bit so that it can play on your phone.  I use itoovideo software.  You can download the shareware which works great for me.  I use 200bit rate 18fps 16000khz audio 174x144 screen size.  It clips look awesome.  If you really wanted you can fit two full movies on the 512 card, but I personally wouldnt watch a whole movie on a phone.Cons-In the direct sunlight you cant really see the screen well-the camera is absolutely horrible 0.3MP camera.  A simple VGA, and just fuzzy as hell.  Dont even try the video capture.  It sucks.  Choppy, out of sync, horrible resolution.  I guess everything cant be good.-The worst thing of all is that it drops calls all the time, and has horrible reception.  It will say its dialing for minutes without saying anything.  This is my 5th phone through cingular.  Ive been a customer with cingular for 7 years.  Ive had this problem with my last phone as well, but it was worse.  At this point I am not sure if the phone is the problem or the carrier because ive had this problem for the last couple of years.  I am just used to it.I still would suggest this phone to others, but it has its problems.  I am just not sure if I could blame the phone for the dialing problems.  And as far as the camera, I dont expect much in that department when it comes to mobile phones.

I ordered my Motorola SLVR L7 (Unlocked) and the battery was defective. I let the original charge on the battery go completely out. I then proceeded to fully charge the battery and it lasted less than a day. I repeated this process and came up with the same results, only this time the phone would not even come on once I plugged it to the charger. Note: the phone comes with a European charger with a US adapter, so that may have had something to do with it. Either way, I'm returning this unit and buying a completely different phone.

My husband just got me a pink SLVR, and it's awesome! I can play iTunes m4ps or regular old mp3s on it. I also set my own mp3 as a ringtone. The camera and video aren't as high-res as my casio exilim, but they're great for random funny pics or capturing unanticipated once in a lifetime pics that would make most say "man I wish I had my camera." I haven't tried to webbrowser out yet because we're waiting to add that onto our service later, but the screen is clear and colorful. This phone is actually much better than I anticipated. It's like having an iPod nano, a basic digicam with video, and a phone all in one. Awesome for only $200! And it's PINK!

OK it's actually the review for the L6 but the features are the same.Here's the good part -> It looks good.Here's the bad part:Reception - Terrible. I used to have 1-2 bars at home even with a 8 year old phone now I get none.Automatic keypad lock - None existant! Now I understand why you wouldn't have it on the Razr being a clamshell but for god's sake everytime I forget to lock it I come back to find that I like to call 911. Automatic keypad lock is a must!Screen - Fine I hear about it all the time, it's not the best under sunlight. Did anyone even mention that it doesn't display anything at all??? Yes unless you press a button, the backlight doesn't come on. I don't wear a watch so my phone has always been my watch. Imagine the fustration when you remember locking your keypad as in above and decide to look at the time. Oh now I have to unlock the phone first because of the nag screen before I can see the clock. Fabulous.I have probably more issues with the phone but this is where I will stop. A cellphone must first and foremost do what it's supposed to do. Make calls.What I have is a phone that has bad reception, susceptible to buttons pushed while in pocket and unable to see any missed calls without pushing the button.

I bought this phone a month back and once in a while it just says SIM not found. Insert SIM - only emergency calls. This is a piece of junk and please stay away from this phone..

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks, and overall I like it. The customizable menus are a great plus, and it's a nice looking phone.There are a couple of things that drive me craaaazy, though:This is my first bar-type phone, so maybe they're all this way, or maybe I just don't know what I'm doing. When I'm in the middle of doing something, like messing with the menus, and I stop for a second, the screen goes blank. This saves my battery, which is great, but there is no way (that I know of) to get the screen and/or keypad lights to turn on without pressing a button that "does something". If the screen is off I would expect to be able to press a button to turn it back on first, and then have the buttons register when the screen is on and I can see what I'm doing. The screen and keypad also do not turn on when I'm receiveing a call, so I have no idea who's calling and no idea what button I'm pressing if it's dark.Maybe my settings are wrong or something, but this really drives me crazy. Pressing "Clear" will turn the screen on, but it will "clear" whatever I was doing. If I have an incoming call, "clear" will light up the screen okay, but it's a hard button to find in the dark. The side speaker button pulls up a dialogue box which I then have to cancel out of to get back to what I was doing.If I could choose again, I would pick something else.

I like this phone, the most that i like is that you can record video, the only thing is that is a vga so the pictures an videos are not excellet. the phone hss a microSD slot but i tried insert a 2 GB memory and i didn't work so i put a 128 mb memory and works fine.

This is a good phone in terms of how reliable it is. Minimum of bells and whistles, solid construction and good reception. The thing about it that earned the 2 stars is that the predictive text system is so stupid it qualifies for its own DSM V diagnostic rating. Firstly, it's in Spanish. This is cool as the States has a large Spanish-speaking population. What's extremely *not* cool about it is that the Product Description fails to tell the buyer this. Also, the thing I liked about my previous phone was that I could teach the predictive text function just by adding new words to the correct spelling definitions, a must for anyone with a large vocabulary. Sadly, this phone does not retain the English spellings I repeatedly put into it.So if you're a Spanish speaker and you're looking for a good phone, this is the thing for you. If not, then go elsewhere.

i could only use it with at&t. not what I expected.restricted use, not what is expected. i wanted to use this product with my present carrier but was unable to do so.

I bought this direct from Amazon, and their "unlocked" phone is technically unlocked, but it has Cingular-branded firmware.For anyone not familiar with that, "branded" is a euphemism for "hacked up by the carrier to remove features and replace useful menu options with links to buy stuff."  I guess "branded" is shorter than saying all that.This is not a "clean" L7.  You may as well buy an unlocked Cingular phone from ebay.I have not yet checked all features to see what has been removed from this phone, although I immediately notice that even signed Java applications require constant "permission", while an unbranded phone would accept the Verisign certificate.

the phone was in good condition and everything worked really well. it is a smaller phone but i expected that when i got it. i would still have it if it hadent been stolen

My phone was not unlocked as I got it thru AT&T; (Cingular back then).  Overall the phone was awesome, much better then expected with great reception and sound quality.Highly recommended.

I bought this same phone but blue for my wife a little over a year ago. She has the hardest time keeping a phone working, but this one was stainless steel so I figured I'd give it a shot. Since she has dropped it so many times the screen is cracked, but it hasn't phased the phone. Two nights ago she dropped it in my sons bath tub. Fully submersed. So I took the battery and sim card out and placed it buttons down for a few hours. Put it back together and it works like a charm. I've never seen a phone that could take a beating like that and still work, and I've purchased my wife plenty of phones.

does what it was meant to, not much features though but i mean hey its a slvr much like a razor, and its no blackberry or iphone (obviously) but yah, i've had this for a year now and its good, no problems whatsoever

I had previously purchased a slvr but when it arrived it was not what I had ordered. It was not black and it was not unlocked. It was quite disappointing. A short time after, my handbag with the phone in it was stolen. I then ordered this slvr. This time I got what I wanted and I am quite satisfied to date.

If your favorite brand is Motorola, know that motorola remains the same.

This phone is great! I love everything about it; size, function, quality, battery life, iTunes. The ONLY negative thing I can say about it is that it has USB 1 and not the faster USB 2. But the phone charges itself while it's connected to the computer updating iTunes so the slow download doesn't bother me.Apple has limited the phone to 100 songs. The 512MB micro card is sufficient for about 75 songs at a time (saved at 192kb) - not a 60GB iPod, but plenty for on-the-go music enjoyment. The iTunes integration with the phone is very nice; sleek and easy, but you cannot use iTunes for ringtones (those MP3's are stored in on the internal 5MB memory - like on other phones that utilize MP3 ringtones).

Look, it's not an MP3 player, but it does hold 100 I Tunes, it's a phone -- but note that these cannot have been recently purchased as they will be loaded onto the phone but not played -- SUPPOSEDLY Motorola is working on this with Apple, but we'll see.  You have to burn your purchases onto disk, delete them from your library and then load them again.  But if this is an important feature for you DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  The songs that do load sound great.It's not a camera -- it's a cameraPHONE -- so the resolution isn't great, big deal, it's easy enough to use and apply the pictures to phone numbers etc.That said the phone is ok, the manual is useless. Be sure to store your numbers to the phone NOT the SIM card.  Also, while you can have multiple entries for Aunt Sally at her home, biz and cell, the phonebook lists them all, which just takes up screen space.

The popular Motorola L7 cellular phone is one of the thinnest mobile phones in the market.It is very easily slipped into a pocket or a bag. This small phone includes features such as a VGA camera, a large color display , digital audio player and Bluetooth connectivity. The Motorola L7 also features Java games and an e-mail client.The loudspeaker on Motorola L7 allows you to use it in the car while keeping your hands safely on the wheel.On Motorola L7's left side you will find the volume control buttons and the Smart key, that can be assigned to whatever function you may like.The ultra slim Motorola L7 also comes with an Integrated VGA camera with 4x zoom and video capture and playback, but its resolution is quite less and you cannot expect the best of picture technology.  You will never miss a chance to capture perfect moments, wherever they may happen.In the past, Motorola phones were palmed for their short battery life, but the Motorola L7 offers a longer life battery to perform all the functions for significantly longer time.

I received this phone for my birthday and love it. One reviewer who already reviewed this phone claiming that the volume is way too loud. I wholeheartedly disagree. I believe it has a volume problem, but it is the music goes nowhere near loud enough. I have an ipod 3rd generation and it cranks out way better than my phone. I also have problems with the fact that you can save ringtones and pictures to the memory card, but if you want to use them as ringer or picture IDs they have to be saved to the phone. The camera also has no flash and if you don't have a steady hand you'll get blurry pictures. I love the screen! It's beautiful. The bluetooth works wonderful too. It synced with my Mac with no problems. The size is wonderful. Small and thin. I am a little bit worried that if you don't buy a case the screen will get scratched to kingdom come. I don't like that it uses a specialized headphone jack so you have to use their headphones. You can't use your headphones and charge at the same time. If you have the money for it, I would suggest buying this phone especially if don't have an ipod or are sick of carrying both your phone and ipod everywhere.

Worked great, right out of the box with my SIM card. I had to do some modification to get iTunes on it, though.Through J&R; it came with a european plug w/american power adapter. Otherwise it looks just like the first couple of pictures on this page.I love this phone, I've had it for over 2 years and decided to get another one off Amazon. Buttons were small but I got used to them. It feels really well built and is very sturdy. Too bad they don't make these anymore...

I purchased this phone from amazon.com and experienced 2 significant problems with it...1)  The phone amazon.com shipped does not have support for iTunes.  The product description indicates it does.2)  The phone locked up when the memory card was inserted.

This phone is absolutely brilliant.I owned the RAZR, but had to replace it (in a moment of stupidity, I decided to change the housing of it to a clear after market housing, which totally destroyed my phone) quickly.  Because the RAZR's now free, everyone has one, which having one less cool so I looked for another phone.  When I saw the SLVR, I fell in love.  I happen to be a lover of non-flip phones.  This non-flip is thin, yet not fragile.  The video images are EXCELLENT considering this is a camera phone.  Saving and retrieving from the SD card is easy, even for tech-dummies.  And pairing with other devices (head set, IPAQ) was simple.

I was travelling to Denmark for business and this was a great way to keep in touch with my local Danish colleagues. Just bought a pre-paid GSM sim card from Telia and installed into the phone. Worked instantly. No issues with battery life or reception as of yet.

the phone is an ok phone for its class. i was disappointed with the fact it came with no assessory or memory card or the software cd.

estoy muy satisfecho con el celular que compre por su capacidad , tama&ntilde;o ,y lo rapido del envio ademas de eso el telefono tiene una fotocelda en la parte superior que le indica al celular cuanta cantidad de luz hay a su alrededor y asi el celular ilumina el teclado o no dependiendo de la cantidad de luz , es muy buen telefonoI am very satisfy with the cell phone  , the size and the fast shipping, not only that the cell phono has a sensor on the top  to let it know when is enough light  to turn the keypad on or off , I am happy with it and the price is not so bad ,

the phone was in perfect shape , brand new but the ear phone were in  poor shape not able to use it , wire wrapped up with electric tape and didn't work at all.thanks

But you know what I still have this phone as back up - it was ahead of its time and I still get tickled by it !

It's an excellent phone, and by changing the sim chip it can be used almost anywhere in the world, but... the screen is hard to read in direct sunlight.

The unlocked SLVR L7 comes with some German firmware which is 100% uncompatible with iSync, iTunes or any Bluetooth connection made with Apple software. Beware!

What's hot: Very Slim portfolio, Stereo Bluetooth, integration with iTunes music, Good Call QualityWhat's not: Flush keyboard makes for difficult navigation, expensive, non-standard headphone jackThe verdict:The SLVR offers a RAZR- inspired level of thinness, and the metal construction/large display create an air of confidence for users. Call quality is good, although I detected some echoing during my testing. Battery life is only average at 3-4 days with moderate usage, and the phone is occasionally sluggish in JAVA game applications.The camera itself produces decent quality shots for quick MMS texts and web postings. The camera is also capable of producing video recording which can then be played back in the media center, though resolution is quite low. I would have liked to see a standard 3.5mm headphone jack, but the L7 requires either an adapter or by wireless Bluetooth usage.Overall, although the SLVR iTunes phone is the first of it's kind, its hampered by so-so performance and a high price tag. The keyboard, though fashionable, is flush with the surface- something which won't please text message fans.

this phone is about 50-50 for me, not the 3 stars i gave it.i renewed my contract right when this phone came out and with that i only had to pay like $50-$60 i think, which was quite a bit cheaper than the Rokr... the iTunes was a cool selling point to me - but the phone looked pretty cool to.first phone - i bought a car charger from walmart along with the phone, i think there was a bent peice of metal in the charger connector tip right out of the package so it screwed up the charging port on the phone, days later when it was out of juice and i couldn't charge it - i got it switched out.second phone - a few months later when i went to buy a bluetooth headset i was informed that "bluetooth" in my phone wasn't working so i had to get a new one from motorola, which was very easy and i kept my phone until they sent a replacement.third phone - blue tooth now works, but the iTunes do not - thats ok the iTunes aren't actually that cool on the phone, the ear buds they give you kinda suck (well i hate all ear buds really) and aside from a few times (airplane etc...) i never really used the iTunes on the phone.  though - despite what people say, i love the iTunes software!i don't care for the keypad it feels offset, its kinda tough to dial w/o looking at the buttons - cell phone numbers are small and tightly squeezed together as it is, on the Slvr they are like offset or something.  the camera on the phone is awful, no light and the picture quality is quite ify, you have to be PERFECTLY still while taking a photo.  the software on the phone is pretty decent, the layout of things anyways, however i look forward to a new layout coming out sometime.overall - this was pry the better of what was available at the time, but i miss my flip phone, would never get a phone/iTune combo again, buy an iPod if you want that, and would pry get something with a little better camera.  oh yeah - i hate how there aren't even any "complete" games on the phone, you have to buy the whole version, they should include atleast something.  (by the way i got this phone through Cingular)

I haven't received anything. Frankly, the calling to get reimbursed or see why the phone hasn't arrived is not worth my time.
