
This is a very cool phone, unfortunately it crashes every couple days and in order to get it going again I have to remove the battery, replace it and restart it.  I will be exchanging it for something better.  So sad.

It wasn't as i expected.look old , broken parts. I was given it to my mum who doesn't like smart phone but I was sad when I saw the broken parts not repaired even though it was refurbished ,

Pros:-Syncs outlook contacts, notes and appointments-Well built, quality-Nice large and bright screen-Opens Word,Execl, Powerpoint or PDF-EDGE fast internet access (I hookup my laptop via bluetooth)-Games, apps, web browsing, emailing is way cool-Video recording is only limited by your memory size.-Extra memory is cheap to buy.Cons:-Camera sucks in doors. You can not get a good picture in bad lighting. Flash is either insufficient or camera screws up white balancing when flash is used. Colors go orangey when flash is used in close distance-Bundeled Headphones are not practical. They are uncomfortable, too long and cord is too stiff.-MP3 organization is not practical. Sorting by album or artist is not supported. Playlists are cumbersome.

This phone has it all and I even dropped it a bunch of times and it still works great: it has a flash, a memory card and it takes great pictures, it's durable and very easy to use. The only thing I hate about it is its bulky and heavy compared to other phones, but I still think that its worth it.

I'm using it for the last one-week and so for so good.Pros:1. Screen is visble in bright sunlight too. Motorolla's Razor is just the opposite.2. Call Recpetion/ Speaker Phone/ Battery life or charge all are good.3. Camera's Image quality is between Ok and Good.4. Simple Navigation.Cons:1. Just a bit too big.2. Key pad space could have been more.3. Camera shutter/cover dosen't fit perfectly.Conclusion: I recommend u to buy this. It does it's job unlike Razor whose reception, screen, speaker phone, battery life - all are Compromise for it's sleek/stylish design. If you want a phone for communication buy this. If you want to show-off buy Razor.

I've had this phone for about a week now and am pretty impressed with it's features. Nokia makes a solid phone and the 6682 is definitly top of their list. It's at a great price now and will be a great phone for people as they wait for the Nokia N91 due out next year.Pros:1. Size, screen and keys. I had a 3650 before, and this phone is about an inch shorter and a bit thinner. That being said it's still bigger than most phones out today. The keys are solid and have a great feel to them and are slightly "tilted" so that they can be felt easily. The screen is amazing! Very bright and smart to boot. It has a light sensor that adjusts the screen and key lighting to be best viewed in your surroundings (great for extending battery life as well).2. I have always liked the 'poor' quality pictures from my 3650. They have a nice 'polariod' feel to them. This phone has a great camera. 1.3 megapixels may be a bit much for a phone, but i'm sure folks will be wondering how they got along without it after a while. The camera also has a flash, which i find isn't very useful past a few feet (but hey, it's a nice feature for a phone). Lastly, the camera has a 6x digital zoom on it which works very well and has been something lacking in picture phones for a while now. bravo!3. Software. The apps installed on this phone definitly set it up as a smart phone. You can view and edit (edit for a fee) most office documents and pdf files (same software as on the treo 650). There are also several other apps that might make people's lives easier, but I find that just having the solid Series 60 Symbian software does it for me. The OS is very solid and provides lots of usable features like Contact management which allows several numbers to be assigned to the same person (motorola doesn't do this).4. PIM software is great. A new 'today' screen has been added called 'active standby' which shows your meetings, todos and any messages you have received.5. The speakerphone and noise cancelling microphones are excellent! I can use this phone in most places and people can hear me loud and clear.6. Removable media slot. Finally! The OS even shuts down apps that use the card so you don't loose any information. Brilliant!Cons:1. RC-MMC card. I'm sure this was chosen because of space limitations, but it would have been nice not to have to buy new storage cards for just this phone. Also, i've read several reports of bad conflicts with upgrading this card to a larger size. It comes with 64Mb, but you really want 512Mb for this phone.2. Headphone jack. There isn't one. You have to use the supplied headphones from Nokia. They are good headphones, but not having the mini-jack prevents users from enjoying the MP3 capabilities on their favorite headphones.3. This phone trumps the Motorola ROKR in all ways except that it doesn't resume the music after you hang up a call (it stops it when the phone rings though). Hopefully Nokia fixes this in a future software release.4. Should have had a simple USB connection

This is a great phone, the kind of phone I was looking for. It has everything mp3 player, camera/video, voice recorder, office (to-do, calendar, notes, etc and synchronizable with outlook), internet (e-mail), tv/radio and few others.Also, it comes with its own Symbian OS. You can transfer mp3 songs, pics and any other files easily via your computer. It has much more features and its going to be exciting discover them.The only problem with the phone are the phone buttons, they are very close to each other and it is a bit tricky to press the correct one.

I won't attend to reviewing Cingular or Amazon here. I'd simply been through my second razr and asked if Cingular warranty services could send me a different phone that would actually last. They offered this as a replacement.In regards to the razrs: I finally realized the phone is form over function. The first lost most or all reception - its replacement had a problem with the buttons (a common problem I've read - the metal template for the buttons is great at first but 'sticks' or malfunctions eventually).Within an hour of getting this phone in the mail, I had the SIM card installed, and it asked me if I'd like to transfer all the contact information to the new phone. Well, yes, thanks for asking! How simple is that... Also had the phone connected to my computer via bluetooth and transferred all my Outlook contacts to the phone. Took a few test pictures, a test video (with sound!), transferred files between computer and phone... including MP3 songs that will play via speakerphone (not so great) or included headphones (w/ jack to use only on this phone). Within that hour I was convinced I made a great choice, and 3 days later I'm still a happy camper.I've not yet tried my bluetooth hands-free with this phone yet.This isn't the smartest of smartphones, but I don't need something as complicated as a treo or blackberry. The 6682 comes with a program to view office documents, web browser (Opera), and more. If the browser and email program work as well as everything else, those that use the programs will be more than satisfied. I personally won't need this connected to the internet.Reception seems better than anything else I've owned. Phone is  very well-built (like most Nokia's, I've heard).I'm very satisfied thus far. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.

a good and honest review doesent just give the pro`s or the cons..but gives both, So here it isPro`s1)Nice fone, clear calls, speakerphone much much better than razr, good reception.2)Good camera, more so with the 6X zoom that can be used after taking the snap, can adjust brightness, has a flash, timer, night Mode, can also take snaps in a sequence.3) Can Sync calender and notes, address book..etc..with outlook with provided cable or over bluetooth.4) Converter(Currency/Pressure/weight/etc) works pretty good.5) have a 1 gb card with over 700 mb of mp3/images/videos/apps, works fine..no lags..6) Mp3 player is pretty good, sound through attached headset is awesome.7) got a nice secure wallet app.8) can write and deploy your own java app..easily..or a game( which i did)Cons:-1) accesing multiple apps ..can make the phone hang at times.2) Installing apps like google maps on fone or memory card...really eats the battery..from 3-4 days to 1 or 1.5 days.3) photographs..call the first one abc..rest by default get named abc1, abc2..so on.4) Adding a password to protect the SIm/fone if fone is lost..adds about 2 mts to the startup time.5) Nokia doesent give any free apps..like for word and excel free with the fone have to buy and install it ..99.99..additional.6) Only uses " dv " rs mmc(Dual voltage(1.8/3.3) Reduced size mmc)7) Can only schedule one alarm..multiple alarms..needs software available for 19.99(separately)8) doesent have infrared:- for those who wonder why does he want it...if present then can install a software to turn the fone into a remote for ur tv/vcr etc..

I recently ordered a new phone and also 3 other phones. I was already an existing customer with cingular.  I talked with one of the customer service people at Amazon and they assured me that if I purchased the phones I could use the phone numbers I already had, WELL this is not the case.  They prepurchase numbers from cingular and will not let you carry your new number with you, this is ridiculious, if the customer service people cannot tell you the truth, then why buy any products from them.

I've had the Nokia 6680 for about a year now, and it's fantastic! I do feel sorry for the people in the States because when this phone was launched in the UK, it came with an extra integrated camera, just above the Nokia sign, to allow video calling. It's the best feature ever invented, and the 6680s picture quality is flawless,as are all its other features.The only con of the handset is that battery life reduces dramatically after bout 6 months, though this is probably true for all handsets in constant use. My advice....come to the UK and buy the handset here..sim/free.

I recieved this phone from Cingular's lock-line insurance.  I had Siemens S66, which was defective and the most comparable available phone to the S66 was the Nokia 6682.  Man, am I glad the S66 wasn't available!  This phone was an absolute steal for the $50 deductible.When I first recieved this phone I actually thought IT was defective because when I'd press the keys they wouldn't light up.  Come to find out, they only light up when the surrounding environment is dark.  How cool is that!Anyways on with the review.  This phone does everything from web browse to text to games to photo and video with ease.  The photo and video is good quality, not great.  It doesn't exactly focus all to well, but it does well in poorly lighted areas as it has a good flash.You can really download some super cool games from gameloft.com for this phone.  The center scroll does well to control your games.  Beautiful, large color screen.This phone also works well as a music player.  You can easily transfer songs from any cd onto Nokia PC suite then onto the phone.  The memory card supplied with the phone is 64mb which is enough to hold a good amount of info, no mater what you want.In conclusion, I would say you should definately get this phone.  It will conform to all your smartphone needs as well as be your companion when your bored.

This is my first cell phone. (Seriously... I'm not a caveman.)Pros:-Great battery life. Usually lasts a few days for me, especially if I turn down the backlight. Battery indicator is very misleading, as it will show full until it has about 35% left.-Bluetooth works great.-Survived conversations during rainstorms.-Ergonomically satisfying size/weight.-Compatible with m4a, mp4, mp3, and other sound formats.-Intuitive interface, for the most part.Cons:-Weak vibrate mode.-Voice dial doesn't work well.-Lag when opening the 'Gallery'-- photos and music. This is only really a problem when you've hit the button accidentally.-Interface isn't as customizable as I'd like.-Sliding camera door is rather flimsy.-Incompatible for synching with Macs below system 10.4, and Nokia has nothing to say about this.-Memory card is RS-MMC, which means that you can get a better card about nowhere.If I had to say one thing that I really don't like about this phone, it's the sliding camera door. In addition to always feeling compelled to fiddle with it (it's spring-loaded...), it feels rather flimsy, and my instinct is to press against this part of the phone when holding it up to my ear. I suppose this isn't a big deal, but it's certainly bothersome.UPDATE:Still working great after two months. One in maybe fifty calls I'll get a bad connection where there's this weird feedback from the microphone. I've dropped it a few times, too, although I'm not sure I'd like to drop it any more than I absolutely have to. Also, the vibrate mode isn't very good-- I've missed calls when the phone was in my jacket pocket, etc. But ultimately, it's still five stars. =)

Got this phone off Amazon.com for an irresistable deal - and man is it worth it! First thing that I noticed when I got this phone was that the size was slightly larger than my older flip LG VX6000 but the bigger LCD screen made it worth it.From what I saw of the phone, Nokia has put in a lot of thought into the placement of keys - they are comfortable to use - I was suprised as the ease of typing text using this keypad. The 6682 has a 5-way center button that I heard is susceptible to wear-and-tear (read need to replace) but thats about a year or two into using it.  The UI is clean and completely customizable.Software included is pretty good - The real advantage of this phone is accessing the web - simple and straight forward. I installed google local and it was smooth and works well for me. I am still trying to figure out how to get the pre-installed files on the included-64MB MMC card to the new 1 GB card that I have ordered - will updated this review once I have that.By far the most useful feature for me is the Sync feature with Lotus notes and Outlook. I wish Activesync made it easier on people like Nokia has done - IT is bliss to sync up my calendar and its vital for my job function because I have a lot of meetings to go to.I read someone else's review who said that he could not turn off the phone feature so that it could be used as a player alone on the plane - this can be done (its in the user manual guys!:) ) and its sweet because the MP3 player is very good - and is clear as hell. The only downside to the MP3 feature is that we need to use the custom headphones that Nokia provides which sucks because  there are so many better headphones out there that we could use. The phone takes in all kinds of formats - midi, mp3, acc - which is sweet because all you need to do to get your own ring tone is download your favorite tune and set it as your ring tone and you are set to go.I havent completely checked out the photo feature (it was not a priority for me when I bought it) but with the couple of photos that I took, it was good and Nokia provides some nifty software for editing and other fancy alterations.To summarize:Top features that I just absolutely DIG!1. Seamless Lotus/Outlook calendar sync2. Active Standby - this is what justifies calling it a Smartphone3. Support for multiple audio formats and a player that is not under control by the service provider (verizon made it compulsory to have their software to transfer anything - in this case, go to nokia.com and you can download the whole thing for free!)4. Complete CustomizationThings I wish were better1. Common Headphone adapter2. SD card instead of MMC (especially reduced voltage!!)3. A case with a belt holder (as you can see, its not a small phone!) == and I still havent found one here - am ordering this from Amazon - but its a pity that such a good phone does not have that facilityOverall - Awesome phone, great PIM (close enough to a PDA to get essential work done), Superb MP3 player!If you want a phone, get this - you will not regret it!

I hate this phone.Pros: good reception, many features.Cons:Keyboard is tiny and hard to press the right one.Worn out easily near the edge.As heavy as a brick.Very slow bootup.

very impressed with the service provided by amazon and cingular. recieved my product within 3 days, and was well upto my expectations.

I got my 6682 as an insurance replacement after my other phone went sliding down the highway at 75 mph.... :(  The increase in size took a while to get used to, but now I like the solid feel of a palm size phone.  The screen is very high resolution and the 1 meg pics look good once they are on the computer.  As long as you have a newer computer and good internet, loading the drivers and synching software - while tedious - works well.  This phone has replaced my Palm Tungsten for all practical purposes... it is my alarm, date/appointment minder and throw down picture taker.The web based stuff is slow, but adequate for getting information on a cell phone... news, weather, e-mail in an emergency.I have not tried blackberry products, but on what phone knowledge, I do have, I recommend this product.  If you are a music buff, I would recommend a higher capacity card.  If the card is loaded to the gills, the phone tends to hang and all the good things I just said go out the window... :)All the best,Jay

I definitely like this full-featured smartphone. It does everything I'd like in a phone (and then some...). This phone uses the Reduced Size MMC and comes with a 64M card, which I felt was too small to be truly useful, so I replaced it with a 1G card for less than $35. I picked up a Logitech Bluetooth hands-free that works very well with the Nokia. The display is large, bright and has vivid colors. On the down side, the speaker leaves a little to be desired, and the voice recognition is a somewhat clunky to operate and doesn't seem to be as "forgiving" as my old Kyocera. Finally, the shape is a definite candybar--it's almost perfectly rectangular, so I've been unable to find a decent case for the phone, and Nokia doesn't offer one. All in all, a very good phone worthy of the Nokia name.

(Update)(Jan 06) Still love the phone, had a issue with the call log dumping after power down. Cingular sent a silent update and all is well. As for the memory card, The 1g Sandisk I ordered, was not DV so back it went. I'm going to buy the 1gb Kingston. The internal memory is very limited, they could have packed in a little more. I bought the plantronics 510 bluetooth, which works great, I hate to talk on my home phone now. I also picked up some "ClearVue" screen protectors and my phone screen looks new again. I sync my nokia via Bluetooth to my Dell 9200 laptop. My pics are transferred automatically when I'm less than 20-30 feet away. I syncronize my enews and ebooks via Mobipocket reader (uses internet on laptop) which saves me data charges. Also I added another program (MDialer)which predicts what phone number or name I'm typing (MS Smartphone has this built in and I liked this feature) for $3.99. I picked up the Sony Ericcson z520a for my wife, the reception is great, but otherwise I hate the phone, the nokia is like Windows XP comapared to DOS. In other words the Nokia is so superior to the z520a.I've had the phone for 4 days now and I love it. Lots of 3rd party software. I gave up my Motorola MPx200 (WM2003rom). I liked my old phone, but no reception. The speakerphone was also very lousy. Comparing it to the MS Smartphone, the Nokia was much easier to use. No more reboots. The phone's quality is excellent, feels a little heavy. but nice. Some people complained about the buttons, I'm 6'2" 225lbs and have pretty big hands and fingers, I have no problems with the buttons. The phone boots up much faster than MS smartphones. The Nokia's speaker phone is plenty loud as compared to the motorola's. I ordered a bluetooth earpiece and 1gb sandisk rs-mmc. I will add more when I recieve them. Battery seems to last a full day. It will probably last longer when I quit playing/installing etc. The only negative so far, I may be wrong, is the games are not as graphically nice like Lynks Golf on the MS Smartphone. Reception is amazing. Finally!

I've had this phone for a few months now. I'm not a kid and I could see how kids would love this type of phone because it does so much stuff. All I wanted was good sound loud enough to hear. It did deliver that.I went from a flip phone to this one. To disable the keys is almost impossible. You have to be very fast and it is easy to hit some of the buttons on the edge unless you are using both hands, so you start over. What makes it really bad is when you want to enable the keys. The screen does not turn on when you touch the keys. You don't know if your phone is off or locked. You must hit the power button to have it light up. If you accidentally double hit the button, it turns off.Many times when using the directory you can push the 4 position key and cause it to get on the Internet... for a ten cent charge. Each month I have charges for my internet use and I have never intentionally intended to get on the internet.I can say the Plantronics Voyager 510 headset works great with this phone... much better than the Jabra models.

Pros:Very good form factor, Good RF reception, Good sound qualityGood camera .. even has a lens cover.Camera takes good quality pictures .. music player is pretty good and loud and so is phoneCons:Keys are too small and close to each otherSoftware is totally useless if you want to synch with outlook.Connector for Stereo head phone is bulky.Standard 2.5 mm jack is missing.Lens cover feels cheap and wiggles.No way to upgrade software.These may seem like small items, but they will annoy you quickly to curse the phone.Comments:It's good phone .. but doesn't work for the PDA functionaliy, the software is too bad. I love Nokia .. but there are much better phones in the market today to spend your money on this.The new phones have too many features and are pushed out by vendors very aggressively, not having the ability to uprade the phone software makes this phone very unattractive.If you want a PDA phone with MP3 player .. Sony has better solutions though as a standalone phone . .it's excellent.The manual is rather skimpy

Lots of nice stuff packed into this compact design. The camera is surprisingly very good.

My favorite phone thus far. I use and review plenty of wireless technology and I am glad that this is the one that goes home with me. Synced with my Mac in literally less than 3 minutes.

I've only had this phone for 12 hours but I love it so far.  I bought a Razr a few days ago and the recption is not as good as the Nokia 6682 and the Razr sound quality is horrible.  The Nokia sound quality is good even with one bar of reception usually.  I'm in an area hit by hurrican Katrina and the network is still bad with Cingular.I've barely scratched the surface with all the features but I love it so far.  The --INCLUDED-- Nokia software AND USB cable made entering my contacts very painless.  I entered 40 or so in maybe 15 minutes.  Motorola does not include software OR the data cable.The menus take some getting used to but seem fine. overall.  I'm really looking forward to exploring all the software for the Symbian operating system.  I'm using it for internet right now on my desktop and getting file download speeds of 12KB/sec at times, about 100k or so.  I couldn't even get a web page to pull up with the Razr.  You can also view full web pages on the phone, although they are a bit hard to read if they are not formated for phones.The camera is MILES better than the Razr.  The quality is about as good as a cheap digital camera.  The sliding lens cover is great too.  Phone also comes with a screen protector already on that I almost didn't even notice.  I'm going to see if I can buy some more.The biggest problem I've found so far is the buttons small and are a bit hard to press with your thumb, but not so bad after some practice.MP3 player in the phone is really nice too.  They even include headphones, which is good since they have to be Nokia headphones.  No standard headphone jack, sorry.  The 64mb media card is respectable and can be upgraded to 1gb.  *** If you want a smartphone with Bluetooth you MUST consider this one.**Day 3 Update: The battery life is advertised.  MP3 playback is just great though I wish I could use my sony headphones.  Music can also play through speakerphone but quality is lacking this way.  Gotta get a bigger flash card too.  64mb card only holds about 9 songs encoded with lame codec (about 180kbps).  Menus are a bit clunky but it's understandable with such a tremendous amount of functions, some just get lost.  (took me forever to realize you just click on a song to start playing)  Works great with bluetooth headset.**Day 20 Update: Think I should change my rating to 4 stars.  Still like the phone but I'm having stability problems.  It tends to lock up if I make a few menu changes, requiring a power off/on.  The voice dialing seems to suck too.  I'm thinking about sending mine in for a replacement.  I've been using the basic voice dialing instead of the premium version which is only a 7 day trial.  I'd be very happy with the functionality if it would just recognize the names when I say them.

Pretty good phone.  Potential buyers should be warned that this phone is much larger than regular clam-shell phones.  It is even larger than the razor.  Here are the pros and the cons.Pros:- Nokia is a very considerate cell phone manufacture. (either that or I'm too used very low standards?)  The phone comes packaged with a 64mb miniSD card to play around with the phone. It further comes with a stereo headset that attaches to the phone so you can listen to music.  On top of that, it comes with a link cable to hook up the phone to your computer.  Compared to motorola (specifically, the razr and the slvr) which does not package their phone with a link cable, the nokia does a great job of giving the consumer everything they need right out of the box.  The samsung d807, by the way, does not come with anything besides the phone either (namely, it comes without headsets or datalink).  The link software is also included while the motorola razr requires you to buy a link software which never made any sense to me.- the camera is amazingly good.  The quality is good and it's got the best zoom out of all the camera phones I've ever seen.- it is very easy to download and install apps.- the phone looks pretty cool.  Especially when you are outside at night.  It is hard to describe it in words but the backlight seems more tastefull than the other manufactures.- The sound quality is GREAT.  I've had razr for 6 month and I reget buying that phone everyday for its utterly attrocious sound quality.  The nokia 6682 also gets much better reception than the motorola.  As a side note, the nokia gets better reception than the samsung d807 as well.- video seems pretty good.Cons:- this phone is pretty heavy.  It is larger than most phones out now-a-days. (I'm not including organizer-phones like blackberry or equivalent keyboard-type phones here although the nokia does a pretty good job as a powerful 3g phone).  If cute and small is your thing, DON'T GET THIS PHONE. Try the samsung d807 which is excellent in sound quality and performance.  I would not recommend a motorola razr for the reason of poor sound quality as described above.- the battery life is not so good. I got about 2 1/2 days of life out of this thing before recharge. (keep in mind that I did a lot of heavy calling and playing-around etc.)- the design seems a little clunky. (I kind of like it but others may find it too boxy or something so I put this in the con section)- the phone does lag a bit during heavy usage although I've never experienced a "lock-up" that others are refering to.Conclusion:All in all, pretty good phone.  My personal rating is 4.4 because of its size, weight and the battery life.  This phone has the best camera capability out of any phones out there in the US. (excluding the over-priced helio phones of course). I would recommend this phone to people who like taking pictures a lot and maybe some video for those "kodak-moments". Bloggers will probably get a kick out of this phone. If you want a smaller and slicker phone with good camera and video, go with the samsung d807.

After looking at all reviews on Amazon, I decided to go for this phone in spite of being an avid fan of Samsung. Problems started right from day 1. Signal inside my apartment was way too less, and I would have to sit at one place while talking for fear of the call dropping. Still, the phone would be inconsiderate and would drop one out of two calls. My friends who have Cingular come to my apartment, and they get pretty strong signal everywhere!!!Alright... move over to my work place. Wow!! Full strength signal!!. I make a call, and this drops as well... And the display promptly shows 'No network', and then after 2 minutes shows me full strength signal. Ah! I should not forget to mention this. At the underground garage, there is no signal whatsoever. But, once you reach ground level, our hero is still sleeping. He decides that it is time to search for signal after 2-3 minutes.This is the first time that I have seen a phone that freezes/hangs. I would make a call, but I would never be able to terminate it. At times, it would show me 'Calling so-and-so' for 2-3 minutes, but the next step of call setup never seems to happen.I went to a Cingular store, where this knowledgeable representative gives me an engineering solution of restarting the phone, but the caveat being that I should take out the battery while the phone was switched on. As expected, there was no improvement. But, after this, the frequency with which the phone would restart on its own went up. I had my own doubts if my phone was haunted.This apart, in terms of plain usability, this phone is sloppy. I could not find out how to change the ring tone without referring the manual. The menu loads soooo slow that you begin wondering if you went back to stone age. Pressing the green button that you normally press to make a call displays the outgoing calls that you made. But, if you want to see received calls and missed calls, go get some exercise by going through three levels of menu.I called up the Warranty Department of Cingular and arranged to have them get me a replacement. The pathetic part about that is that I would get the same product again.Oh God!!! 1.5 years more for my contract to get over :-(Go get the Samsung D807 and be happy.Following up on my earlier review in which I was hoping that something was wrong with the particular instrument that I was having...I received yet another Nokia 6682 as a replacement. I was hoping to see a 'Nokia' performance in this one at least. But, it turns out that this level of genius is inbuilt into the phone. Basically, if you do not want your friends to call you up often and disturb you, do carry this phone. Because, the calls never reach you! Your friends would start to complain that you are not picking up their calls, ignoring them, and eventually give up!! The best part is when you would not even see your phone alerting you when there is a call. The silent killer!!This phone has a lot of jazz with its super-fast mode of operation. Press any button, and wait up to 5 seconds for it to respond. Incredible 21st century technology, huh? But still, other reviewers seem to be amazing. They are thrilled in having a Adobe reader, a voice recorder, a browser, etc. Who cares if you can make a call? Try making one, and your call would drop at least twice for sure. And, if you have a friend who has a pathetic Samsung D807 next to you, he would just go on talking. Poor guy... he does not have a Adobe reader though... what good is that phone?? Oh!! and, did I tell you about the state-of-the-art technology in this phone that shuts down the phone when it hangs, so you just have to power it up rather than power it down and then power it up. That is energy conservation for you. All through the last week, my Nokia 6682 switched off by itself on 5 different occasions.Given the need for all this high-tech jazz and the ability to make a call, you could carry a laptop and a nice phone. or, you could carry a Nokia 6682 and a phone... the Nokia would be your 1MB-RAM laptop.

First this is a very solid phone with good reception. Especially like the capablity to remap 7 programable buttons and re-orgnized icons/folders to totally change Cingular's default setting that always try to bring me to their value-add services.

I'm a long-time Nokia user, and I'll continue to buy Nokia. This is my fifth Nokia after the 2160, 6160, 3360, and 7210.1. The phones in the initial release from Cingular were buggy. I understand that this was due to an incompatibility with Cingular's SIM. Problems I discovered due to this problem include the power button powering off the phone after a brief tap. Nokia says you should hold the power button down for three seconds before the phone powers off. If you hold the phone with your thumb over the side (on the power button), it's easy to power off the phone while you're in the middle of a conversation.2. The slide cover on the camera is nice, as is the flash. The pictures are very large in (file) size and very grainy. Pictures averaged about 400kb, and I've seen much better pictures from my friends' Trios. I'd still rather have the 6682.3. The case on the phone is PLASTIC and it can be slippery to hold onto if you have sweaty hands. I've dropped this phone a few times, and the plastic case held up ok, but it was easily scratched (not cracked, though). A rubbery grip cover would help in this area (see eBay).4. The Symbian OS is MUCH better than the standard Java Crap OS that Nokia makes for many of their phones (including my previous 7210). Switching through menus is much faster, but the phone still hangs every now and again. My phone has been frozen for hours before I realized I wasn't receiving any calls. A simple power-down/reset was required to return the phone to normal functionality. It IS a bit frustrating if you need to use the phone while you're driving, though.5. This phone IS MAC COMPATIBLE!!! Yes, the software suite is for the PC, you can do so much more on the Mac. iSync recognizes this phone via a Bluetooth connection. You can sync calendar (iCal) and contacts (Address Book) data. Also, Salling Clicker (google it) is an INCREDIBLE application that allows you to remotely control your Mac using your 6682 via Bluetooth. Ignore the guy that says this phone isn't Mac compatible (and he returned his phone). He returned his phone before he actually checked out HOW to make it work with his Mac. Sorry for him.6. If you don't already have a card reader, GET one to transfer data to a large RS-MMC for this phone. I currently have a 1 Gig card, and I transfer AAC files to it all the time for a temporary iPod. MP3 files are better, because you can use the ID3 tags to see the artist information and song details. Sound through the included stereo headset is GREAT! You can even play music through a Bluetooth headset! Beware: When you start to fill up a large card such as a 1 Gig card, some of the menus will slow down quite considerably. For example, I have over 500 MB of songs, and this slows down the menu to select ring tones. You may think your phone has locked up, but it's just VERY slow! Be patient!In all, this is a GREAT phone! If you CAN wait, hold out for the Nokia N80. The N80 has an updated OS, a larger screen size, a better camera (even though it has no cover), and more on-board memory (64MB - the 6682 includes 8MB, not including the RS-MMC).If you want a phone that can be your portable computer, then check the 6682 out. If you can hold out (and want to pay more money on the initial release), then wait for the N80.

This phone has everything the business professional needs (and some things they don't).  The Symbian OS makes the perfect base for expandability without the limitations of Palm's PDA-centric design decisions.Pros:-expandability with free and commercial software-the Active Standby screen is great-excellent battery life-easy to access memory card-easy desktop syncing with INCLUDED cableCons:-camera cover is cheap and too easy to open-headset connector is non-standard-memory cards are very hard to findAll in all, this is a great phone for the budget-minded professional.  It won't cost you the $300-400 that a similarly powered Windows Mobile or Palm phone would cost.

Before I Buy ANYTHING, I always do my research and read EVERY review. I knew this was the phone I was going to get and when I got it, it was MUCH better than I expected.First I Like that its big and bulky. People seem to forget that TOO SMALL and THIN means easy to lose and fragile. I like that I can feel this phone at all times but its not so big that it protrudes. EVERYONE loves this phone.It is AMAZINGLY customizable, I can upload MP3s after installing the easy to use software it runs just like a Digital Camera. I can use MP3s as ringers change phone themes, Camera works really well, sounds great, bluetooth is nice if you have a good headset, and MOST IMPORTANT OF ALL RECEPTION IS AMAZING. I Went from VERIZON to CINGULAR in the NYC area and I can barely tell the difference which Im sure there is but its hard to tell.Razr is a good phone too but If you want to be a little different from everyone else, go with this.

I got the Nokia 6681 (the rest-of-the-world counterpart of 6682) as a gift. It was purchased in India and shipped via fedex. However, I  liked the phone so much that I wanted to share my thoughts.This phone really has all that it talks of. I am using this with T-mobile service and i have not had any complains so far. the usual stuff you expect from a phone works exactly as expected. e.g. voice quality is good, handsfree is alright, address book is better than most other phones. What takes this phone to new heights is all this:1. Awesome email features. I have hooked up this phone to my POP3 email at my personal website and my phone checks for email on its own every 30 minutes. I have had almost no complains with sending receiving emails with attachments etc. I use this for my mobile blog at textamerica dot com.2. Good web browser. The default web browser is very good at its job. However, the Opera browser found as an extra is a killer app. I do not miss any features from a desktop type browser in my opera - except for the ability to play avi videos, flash websites, quicktime videos etc. (This is not the phone's problem though. It is just that quicktime perhaps does not have a mobile phone plugin for playing videos yet. This phone is just too far ahead of time). Opera has ovely keyboard shortcuts for using its features.3. When I thought of using this phone for internet and email, i felt a resistance inside me to use the phone keyboard and I felt that buying a bluetooth keyboard will be an aboslute must. However, after using this phone for a few days, I really have had no issue using the phone keys. They dont even "feel" like they will fall apart with extensive usage - very strong "feel" to the phone keys.4. User interface. The makers of this phone really must have talked to some people like me for a long time before making this phone. I did not have any issues understanding any of the error messages or the menu options or information messages on the phone. The user interface even "guesses" what the user wants to do on various buttons. For example, when I open my mailbox and dont do anything for like a second or two, the phone asks me if i want to connect to the internet and download emails - i just press "yes" and i get what i need. If not, i would have to probably press the right sequence of buttons to download email. An easy phone.5. Camera is very good. I took snaps of my friends - and all of them expressed their surprise (seperately) at the image quality. video is also very good.6. Memory card. Nice! however, the default 64 MB memory card is not good enough if you are going to listen to music on this. I have ordered a 1 gig card from amazon.7. MP3 player is as good as an ipod or other devices - except that there is not desktop software like itunes. The speaker phone can produce loud enough music while nokia earphones are good. I intend to hook this up with my windows media player soon - i dont know how though.8. The only thing i did have trouble with was the fact that this phone has only 8 megs of on board ram. For some reason, my phone has already chewed up 3 or 4 megs with some stuff i have no clue about. I need to figure that one out.

I noticed other reviewers are ordering 1GB memory cards.  At the time of this review, there are no 1GB memory cards available.  This phone uses DVRSMMC (DUAL VOLTAGE REDUCED SIZE MULTIMEDIA CARDS, aka MMCmobile) memory, not RSMMC that's being sold on Amazon.  RSMMC will not work in this phone.This is an incredible phone and Amazon offers a great price for it.3rd party support is well established with plenty of programs and games for purchase or free.The camera suffers from indoor lighting, but is excellent in natural light.  Pictures in the dark with the flash turn out well.

I bought this phone not long after it came out, and I'm very impressed by it. The features are great and it's extremely customizable.The camera works great and I found that I really like the sliding cover for the lens.The speakerphone works well for me, and is very clear. I've never needed the headset thanks to this.It took some time to master the keylock, but I've had Nokia bar phones before so that made it a little easier.Overall, I love the phone and I'm very pleased with it!

This is a very well featured phone having a multitude of features and capabilities. However, the only aspect that I want to rate it on is the signal quality. This is by far one of the best phones for getting a good reception. I know that I will only use Nokia phones in the future.

I did a lot of research when selecting a new phone.  I really wanted to go from a seperate cell phone and PDA to a single device, but I didn't really want one of those clunky (to me anyway) Treo-type devices.So when it was time to renew our phone contract, I ended up getting two of these units, one for myself and one for my wife.  At first, I was quite pleased with the purchase.  It has many, many features and really did everything that I was looking for.Unfortunately, my wife and I both found the phones to be very unreliable.  They would frequently lock up, and often times when you would try to do something you'd get an "Out of Memory" error.  The only way I could alleviate this was by powering off the phone.  Sometimes it would lock up to the point that the only way to recover was to actually remove the battery.On at least a couple of occassions, I tried to call my wife, or she tried to call me, and the call went to the phone, but the phone did not ring/vibrate/or anything.  It got to the point where we got in the habit of "rebooting" our phones at the beginning of each day to try to minimize problems.My wife got fed up with hers, so I bought her an unlocked Razr.  She's much happier with it.  I planned on keeping mine, but one day it started throwing up the "out of memory" error and I could no longer use the phone.  Powering down, removing the battery, nothing mattered ... every time I'd power it on, within a few minutes, the phone would stop working and every attempted action would result in an "out of memory" error.I could chalk it up to a bum unit but we had similar problems with both phones.  If they ever get all the bugs worked it, it would probably be a nice phone.  Meanwhile, I went ahead and bought myself an unlocked Razr, too, and while it doesn't have as many features, it's much less frustrating for day-to-day use.

I've owned a couple MOTOROLA  before and have to admit they do have cool-looking phones. They look so fashionable, stylish, and making you feel young. But...the only thing I hate is they dropped my calls a lot. I mean...A LOT! My calls would be just disconnected unreasonable when I only talked on my phone about 10-15mins. Sometimes even 5 mins!NOKIA, maybe some of their phones look chunky, not so cool as motorola, not-so-stylish kind of phones, but they DO HAVE the best quality of cell phones. Not mention the battery life, humanize functions, and of course, keeping stable while being used. I'll highly recommend NOKIA to anyone who are looking for a well made, great quality cell phone.And what is so good about Nokia  6682? Well, check out a lot reviews here and you'll see. They've got everything!

I bought this phone couple of months back and till date I am extremely happy with it. It's a bit bulky but somehow I do not like the sleek ones. I do feel good about it's weight. It has a wonderful camera @1.3 MP with a slot for memory stick. A 8MB stick also comes with the original box. So if you are photo freak then you can consider a bigger stick. But for casual photography the stick is sufficient.Being a Nokia, there is no doubt about navigation and ease of use. The software is good and does most the task with ease. I did have some problem installing the software but when installed, there was no problem at all. I do use it only occasionally.Just a reminder for those people who try to compare this with PDAs....this is not a PDA...its a smart phone.With holux GPS receiver and software you can actually make this phone a full fledged navigation system with voice, if you want.

Being a diehard Nokia fan, I had made my mind to buy my third nokia. Esp after this incident:My earlier nokia 6610 spent 45 minutes with me in a pool, before I realized its presence in my pocket. Well, I dried it in sunlight and then with a hair-dryer, cleaned the copper connectors (to remove the oxidation products) with after-shave and it works w/o any problem. Kudos to Nokia..!!Coming back to 6682, I have this phone for about 5 days now and have explored most of its features by now. Here are my views:Looks: Impressive and very smooth.Size: Not too big. Comparable to other phones with similar features available now. Foam/leather cover with belt clip is a good option to have (Caution: Dont buy the plastic clip from Amazon, its terrible). You would certainly love to show this kool phone to others :)Basic Features: Signal strength, battery life- really goodDisplay - Awesomely brilliant. Includes LED to detect the surrounding light and adjust the display.Speakerphone - Very good, Mic can catch my voice from across the room.Menu - Easy to explore. Might take a day or two to get used to.Kool Features:Camera - 1.3 MP, good quality. Flash-OK. Camera options include self timer for 10,20, 30 seconds, high-speed sequence mode, night mode and brightness, color, contrast adjustments. (thats a sure +)Editing: Photo n video editing....wowSpeakerphone - Excellent volume n quality to play mp3s n videos mp4, rm.Documents - Can view word, excel, powerpoint n pdfs. Can edit them if you buy authorization code for the QuickOffice software online for $15.OS: Sometimes goes slow depending on the applications running. Otherwise Ok for general use.Internet: Good quality (I m using the basic one )Recorder: Excellent audio recorder and voice commands. Dont know the video recording capability nowConnectivity: Bluetooth - standardCable - With included USB cable connects to PC and then you can simply copy-paste the documents, images, songs etc.Memory - RS MMC, (1 GB card is abt $30 on amazon..pretty ok)COST- IT IS FREE (r u kidding me..???)Thoughts: If you are really really used to small phone, then it might feel very big initially.I cant comment on the internet download speed etc as I do not have a high speed data plan. Normal Media/Browser runs OK.Update after 10 weeks: 1. Pictures with flash in a low light place like restaurant might come out a bit grainy.2. RS-MMC memory is hard to find except at Amazon, that too occassionally.3. You cannot assign tones to different callers.Update after 7 months:1. You can assign separate tones for callers alongwith their pictures.2. You can record video with sound.3. Once Synched with Outlook (even w/o data plan), this phone is great to keep your emails and calendar updated!

16-Jan-2007Feedback about Nokia 6682 phone based on my personal experiencePros:1) The menu keys are fully customizable  in standby mode. i.e. You can customize what you want to access with the essential keys, when your phone is not in use. Remember when you are in a call, the phone has its own preset assignments to these keys, which I don't think could be customized. So this is only applicable when the phone is in standby.You can customize the left selection key, right selection key, up menu key, down menu key, right menu key and left menu key to your own requirements. Customizing 6 keys for my own requirement was more than enough to quickly access all my favorite menu items.You have a variety of options to choose from in order to assign which key does what.For example I have assigned the keys as follows:Left selection key  => CameraRight selection key  => Profiles (where I can choose what is the current profile for my phone i.e. Loud, silent, mild - remember the profiles themselves are customizable. i.e. You can create your own profiles as you wish).Down menu key  => ContactsUp menu key  => Clock (where I can set the alarm etc.)Right menu key  => Phone settings (where I can assign which keys to do which function)Left menu key  => Call logsMenu center key  => Gallery (See comment # 9 in cons about Menu center key)CUSTOMIZE your keys!!! Though it takes some time this provides you the freedom you want with the phone and believe me it is worth the time!2) The profiles are customizable (See my related note above) and you can create your own profile. OK, you ask what is a profile? Profile is how you choose your phone's behavior. For example 'Loud' could be a profile where you can customize your phone's behavior for an incoming call, messages, key presses etc. Say in 'Loud' profile you can choose to make the phone ring loud for an incoming call, beep loudly for incoming messages, beep on key presses, vibrate on an incoming call etc. You can create your own profile and assign it your favorite name.3) The phone has a separate 'backspace' key. So when you punched something wrong (Say a phone number) you can simply use the backspace key to erase one character at a time.4) The phone has a separate menu key. To access the menu you simply press that menu key on the bottom left. But since I have customized the functionality of 6 of the other keys (as mentioned above) I rarely have the necessity to access the phone's menu per se.5) Separate 'voice command' key on the left side of the phone. To dial someone by voice, just press and hold that button and then speak the name of the person etc. to call their number.6) Nice camera. The pictures I took have come out pretty good so far. And of course you can use those pictures as a wall paper on your phone.7) Though the keys are small, they are so precise smooth and nice to press, you don't have any problems dialing a number etc.8) Great silvery look9) Of course, a separate memory card slot where you can insert your memory card filled with whatever you want to. Music, pictures, videos and all those nice stuff. How much you store is up to you. Of course more you want to store, you need a higher capacity memory card.10) The hands free that comes with the phone is really good, though it is a bit long and I haven't figured out how to shorten it using the adjusters provided. The stereo effect when you talk is pretty good. You will really enjoy it.11) Of course, the blue tooth. I haven't found any issues with it. I have a logitech blue tooth. It took some time for me to figure out how to use it, but once you get hooked to it, nothing like the blue tooth freedom. I haven't tested the limits of the blue tooth with this phone, but you do get those disturbances once you start moving away from the phone. But that is the price to pay for the wireless freedom I guess. Also sometimes people say that they hear some clicking (or other) sound while talking on the blue tooth set, but that problem isn't unique to this phone.12) Sturdy: Yes, the phone is a bit bulky. But that in turn means that is robust and sturdy, particularly for a person like me, who doesn't really handle it very gently! It fits nicely into the pant pocket.13) Key pad lock: Since this isn't a flip phone, it is essential that the key pad of the phone be locked before you put it inside your pocket. Otherwise you can make unintended calls to random numbers! Locking the key pad is the same as any other Nokia phone. To lock the keypad simply press the left selection key and then press the star key. To unlock do the same again.Note: Because of the fact the left selection key enables the lock feature, you will notice a delay when you use the left selection key to access the functionality to which you have assigned it. This is because when you press the left selection key, the phone doesn't really know if you are trying to lock the key pad or if you are trying to access the menu. After a couple of seconds if you didn't press the star key, then the menu item will show up.Cons: (all cons are of low severity level)1) I haven't figured out a way to 'Auto lock' the key pad of the phone (say after a few minutes of inactivity). I know there should be a way. I will call Nokia to find how to do that.2) Sometimes I mistakenly press the power button on the right side, while trying to hold the phone and the phone switches off!3) Vibrating feature isn't that great. It is just sufficient enough I guess.4) The camera shutter cover is very smooth and sensitive. So sometimes when I put the phone into my pant pocket, it opens because it slides the opposite side. To prevent this, always try to put the phone bottom first into the pocket, since that will mean you will be pushing the camera cover up, which is what you do to close it.5) It is always not obvious that whenever you are in a menu, you can see that there are several options available to you on the top. These options could be accessed by using the right and left menu key to scroll through the options. Though this is a pro, the reason I am putting it under 'con' is that this isn't very obvious, until you notice it carefully or get used to it.For example if you got a missed call from the same number three times continuously, the call times of all 3 calls won't be obvious to you in the 'missed call' history, since it only shows the time of the last call attempt from that number.But if you carefully notice when you are in the 'call log' there will be a 'notepad' like icon to which you can scroll using your right menu key to access all the call history. Here you will be able to get the time of all the missed calls from the same number. I wish they gave it directly in the call log.6) The phone always remembers the last menu you accessed and will go deep into the menu the next time you open it. This could be a pro or con depending on your personal preferences. Say you accessed your 'call log' last time and you browsed through 'received calls', the next time you access the 'call log' it will DIRECTLY go to the 'received calls' page. But this time you might have wanted to access the 'missed calls' menu. So you will have to go back one step and navigate forward to the 'missed calls' menu.It might take some time to get used to this.7) I don't think you can make the phone display to be on as long as you want to do so. It always times out after a few minutes of course for power saving. I guess it has a 1 minute limit.8) I wish they had a separate volume up and down button may be on the side of the phone. Rather you have to use the left and right menu key for that when you are talking.9) The 'Menu center key' is not very accessible, in the sense it is hard to push it down. Rather most of the time you try to push it down, you end up pressing the up menu key or the down menu key. So the 'Menu center key' isn't that easy to access.10) I wish there was also a 'separate loud speaker key', which I could simply press if I want to put the phone on the speaker mode. Unfortunately there isn't one. Hence you have to use the menu key to access the speaker, while talking.11) You cannot initiate the phone dialing directly from the speaker mode. i.e. You cannot access the speaker mode when the phone is on standby. So if you want to be on speaker, you always have to make the call and then go to the speaker mode from the menu.Other notes:Nokia 6682 user guide: [...]How long have I used the phone? 1.5 monthsI will add more pros and cons if I find out more!Data capabilities: I haven't used the phone for much of its data capabilities for which it is known for. So I am unable to comment on those data features. So it goes without saying that I use the phone mostly for its 'voice features'. That begs the question, 'Am I making full use of this phone and its features'. The answer is a loud 'No'. And the question is 'If you are not using the data capabilities at all' do you really need this phone? I don't have a straightforward answer to that question. It depends on your personal preferences. But if you want that option included this is the phone to go with. But even if you only want a great voice conversation this is a great phone.Where did I buy the phone? Amazon.comImportant note about buying at amazon.com : If you buy this (or any other cingular network) phone through amazon.com and you are switching from another network, then note that amazon doesn't provide number portability. For example if you currently using 'T-Mobile' and want to switch over to 'Cingular' and want to buy this phone on amazon.com, then you cannot retain your old phone number. Amazon.com will assign their own phone number once you place your order. After getting the phone, you might be able to port the old phone number (provided you haven't cancelled your T-Mobile or other account) by directly talking to Cingular. But here is the catch - if you port your old phone number directly by talking to Cingular (by passing Amazon.com) then you are breaking the 'Terms and conditions' of Amazon.com, which means you will be required to pay '$250' to Amazon.com for changing your phone number. This is applicable until 6 months after you buy the phone. After 6 months you can change the phone number. But it is a no brainer that no one wants to change their number in 6 months again!Disclaimer:The information I have provided above is based on my own personal experience of using this phone. Individual experiences may vary from one person to another.Have a nice customization!Karthikeyan Arunachalam

I have never encounter any horrible person in my life this individual , who is dishonest . He emailed me that my items have shipped , but no tracking number and no one is responding to my concern hope no-one buys nothing from this guy . He is proven to be dishonest .

POWERFUL PHONE WITH TONS OF NICE FEATURES!!!SUPER RECEPTION,LARGE SCREEN,THE CAMERA TAKES ALMOST AS GOOD OF PICS AS MY CANON POWERSHOT.SPEKERPHONE IF GREAT, I LEAVE IT MY SHIRTPOCKET AND CHAT IT UP!!!!! GE YOURSELF ONE I DID!

I bought this phone when my Nokia 6230 bit the dust. I'll be returning the phone this week. My review is biased in the sense that I am an AVID cell phone user and I use my phone primarily for text messaging, calendar, alarm clock, camera, and music. Here's the scoop:Pros: works with third party software such as MobiTV and MobiRadio.Large screen.Camera has a high resolution and a protective cover.Reception has been good.Cons: small keys, need to click through too many menus to send a text message. The phone is just too slow! Clicking on a menu takes about 2-3 seconds to load each page - I guess I was spoiled with the Nokia 6230. Bulky handset - too heavy and big. Third party software is expensive with Cingular: I needed to pay 20 bucks a month for unlimited internet and then 10.00 per month for MobiTv, 10 more for MobiRadio. Alarm clock doesn't have the option to set the alarm for multiple days. The headset that ships with the phone has two earbuds and doesn't stay in my ears. Intermittent "out of memory errors" even after upgrading the memory card to 512 MB. Camera cover slips open often while holding the phone. If you miss a call and the person leaves a voicemail, you see a message saying "new voicemail" but only after you click ok, do you see the "missed call". I think that the order should be reversed "missed call, then new voice mail" OR a small voice mail indicator. The backspace or "clear" button is too small and awkward.Hope this helps!

The american cell phone market has little variety when it comes to GSM  phones, and most phones offered by providers are older technology, stuff that came out years ago in other countries. However, cingular has finally brought in a phone worth calling home about.The Nokia 6682 is easily one of the best phones for the money availiable now. Cingular released it some time ago, but customers reported multiple software issues. Months later, the phone was re-released, and it looks great.Body, form factor: Sits comfortably in your hand. It looks bulky, but is not really that heavy. You'll know when it falls out of your pocket, but it won't break your thigh if you're wearing tight jeans. The buttons are easy enough to press, from the way you'd hold it and the camera shutter is accessible. The shutter looks amazing, but is sightly rickety. I keep worrying about breaking it. It's a sturdy phone, and looks classy, and business like.Call quality: Great, even on one bar of signal. This is limited onlyby cingular's network, which is supposed to be all over, but hey, I lose reception walking into a building.Battery Life: I have to recharge every night. I listen to music on the phone a lot, around 2 hours a day, at least, and especially when I run, and I lose about 2 bars of battery at the end of the day. I don't make too many calls, but I do play a few symbian games. I'd suggest getting a better battery if nokia relesaes one here.Screen: The screen adapts to light, going darker when you're in a low light region and turning off the key lights, and going brighter in sunlight. This is a great battery saving feature.Memory Card: The phone comes with a standard 64MB Dual Volt RS MMC cardn which can hold, well , almost nothing. I bought a 1GB card forabout 20 dollars, and I love it. The little slot is so sleek, and easy to use.Music:The inbuilt music player is good, but it sorely needs a keylock feature. I downloaded a free player (.ogg player) and I use it when I need to lock the phone, but it's just not as good as the inbuilt player. the speakerphone allows you to play music, but don't expect it to make a party happenning. The headohones nokia gives you are sweet, but only when it comes to audio quality, but more on tha later. The phone can play .aac, .mp3, .mp4, .m4a, .ogg, but not .wma files. If the phone came with a slot for headphones, it would have been close to perfect. I bought a kittle headphone adapter, and I use that with my regular headphones.Camera: Great Camera, in daylight and when it's dark, but try taking pictures in yellow light or low light and they look really bad. In the dark, you'd have to use the flash in conjunction with the night mode, or else, the picutres  won't be that good. The digital zoom is okay, not worth praising or criticizing. I only wish it had a dedicated camera button, like most bar phones. The camera is covered by a slightly rickety slider, which looks really nice. The video camera is sketchy, but you can use  the regular camera as a replacement for your digital camera.Data features: This phone features great connectivity. The in built browser is good, but the Opera (which you will have to  pay for) is seriusly awesome. The phone uses EDGE, class 10 GPRS, and is possibly better than any phone on the US market. I accessed my email easily enough, and looked at a couple of mobile sites, but don't use this feautre unless you're willing to shell out cash for Media Net.Messaging: The keypad is easy enough to use, but still won't threaten the benchmark set by the Nokia 3310 (3390 in the US). The keys could have been a little bigger, but these are still great to use.Software: there is a reason why Symbian is so awesome, and one use of the phone will show you how. If I started talking about it, I wouldn't stop, so I'm not going to start. I will tell you that Cingular's modifications of the phone are just not that hot.Fun Stuff: You can use mp3s as ringtones (I'd reccommend "Show me how to live"-Audioslave, it sounds so impressive). You can also install and run a lot of Java games with impressive graphics, as well as other applications that work with Symbian. You can also watch videos in 3GP, you can get the converter free online (Ithing, I haven't looked yet). The media gallery is nice, but what takes the cake is the image manager, which shows pictures in a ring, with the ones closest to you magnified more than the ones behind.Connectivity: Great Bluetooth, no infrared. EDGE.Other things worth noting: Freezes up sometimes, and gives a low memory warning when you open ceterin programs or games.Accesories: Nokia provides you with a stereo handsfree/headset that will not stay in your ears unless you glue them in. However, the audio quality is excellent, better than a lot of headphones I've used. I bought a nokia activity headset, HS-8, but it sucked, and had the worst audio quality I've ever had to endure (Looks so pretty though).The charger is sleek, and easy to carry when you travel. The data cable is good, but if you're trying to transfer 700MB of music, you can either leave it overnight or use an SD card reader (I bought mine for a buck on amazon).The verdict: Great phone, for anyone tech savvy. Can serve as a replacement for a digital camera (for casual images) and an mp3 player. Better than most other phones on the market. Snap it up. You won't see too many phones this good in the US. If you still want something better, try Europe.

I got this phone yesterday after a long search for a good phone with the features am looking for. I got instant liking to this phone and this is the best phone I ever had. MP3 player is fantastic. Comes with 64MB RSMMC card, which is insufficient for the features this phone is having. Atleast 512MB card is required. Camera and Video features are great and are above average which is more than sufficient for a cell phone. Though looks little bit bulky, the features it is having makes you forget that. Transfered some files thru bluetooth capability of my laptop into RSMMC, and connection is good without any interruptions. Amazon promptly shipped the phone once they got go ahead from Cingular. Cingular took 5-7 days to approve the connection. Signal reception is very good and till now didn't experience any dropped calls. There are so many features to explore in this phone. Overall this is a great phone to have at a steal away deal Amazon is offering.

Only problem I face, is the grip to the phone while talking is not too good.  All the features I want are there, and I am using for almost a year, and still do not see any phone so good.

E-mail (more than one address), video, good sized screen, MP3 Player, compact, calendar easy to sync. Show me one better, and not the Blackberry or Treo...they're not.

I have bought many things off of Amazon but this is my first review.I have researched the cell phone reviews on CNET and other sites to come up with the perfect cell phone.  I am always disappointed because all the phones are reviewed as is they must be the best of everything, camera, MP3 player, organizer, toy, etc.  I just wanted a phone that is good for calling and receiving calls.  That's it.Oh I also wanted Bluetooth so I could call handsfree when driving.  And have good vmail, an alarm clock, a place to do business, and to keep track of friends.Yes it has all the other features including spreadsheeting and word processing but I will never really know how good these are because I will take pictures with my digital camera instead, and I will listen to music on my ipod, and I will type my memos using my PC.But as a phone this is it.Yes it has small keys but have you tried a Blackberry?  I have gotten used to the keys by using my fingernails, and I must say I have gotten pretty good.  However I do not use this to type long text messages.  Rather I call people to talk.  Although I use the Bluetooth earphone, the speaker phone is loud enough so I probably don't need the Bluetooth.It has excellent brightness and color so I can see what I am dialing even in bright sunlight, it has great sound, it has excellect tools for managing contact lists and one touch dialing, and it can be configured to have the most important features as one touch.  The phone comes configured as if you are going to spend all the time surfing the net, trade on EBAY or take pictures.  I changed all that to suit me.  If you cannot experiment to get the configuration right or you must have everything simple then this phone may not be for you.For me, I have configured it so this is just right.

Hi guys,Nokia 6682 the best smartphone i have ever seen till now that too its nice to know that cingular the leading wireless provider is providing this piece. The voice clarity is awesome and the size i was said that is too big but nothin like that its reasonable size. Some find it large because its not a flip phone and due to this i feel it more comfortable. So i would recommend this piece as the best one to go if goin for cingular and now they r offering it for free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dont forget to upgrade the memory card to 1Gb to enjoy the features to the max!

I got this Phone as an upgrade to my current Cingular plan. Paid about 199$ for the upgrade through business plan. I wanted a Phone primarily that has some decent PDA functionality. THis phone did not disappoint at all. However, if you are looking for a high end PDA that works as a Phone then you might have to look at the HP,Palm or other Windows CE devices. But most of these devices i have tried were great PDAs but not as good with the Phone. (I thought PDA was added functionality , phase was the basic functionity maybe Palm and HP have forgotten that)Pros:1. Nokia software works fine and with ease. There had been reported problems with call logs vanishing etc ala Cingular firmware just cannot fault the phone for that though. I waited till the firmware fix came along and got the phone. All seems to be good now with the fix.2. Design has a business look. Donot fooled by the cheap display models some cingular dealers keep as that poorly made display model does not do justice to the great display(262k equivalent of Razr) and the stylish keys albeit a little small and gets some getting used to.3.Bluetooth connectivity was good and worked easily with IOgear Headset and my PC. Also worked without a hitch in connecting to my wifes Razr to transfer some contacts.4. Software, USB cable, Headset and 64MB card(not enough capacity) but comes as a package unlike Moto Razr that requires me to buy all of the above and the Razr i have does not have memory slot.5.Speakers are great and using speaker phone at home is equivalent of using headsets.6.Light sensing for control of display brightness is a nice touch.7. Symbian OS is fine but if you are a Palm or Blackberry fan it will take some time getting used to.Cons:1.Camera Cover feels like lower grade plastics and come off easily.2.Infrared is not available. Bluetooth works well but infrared is easier with some devices eg: Palm E3.Connectors are not standard i.e USB and Headset(Wired)4.Memory card could've have been Mini SD as Nokia promised to stick to MiniSD but uses Dual Voltage RSMMC. A little difficult to find.

I am having this phone for past 1.5 years now.Features of this phone are really impressive (1.2 MP camera with sliding cover, Symbian OS, Office application etc.)It is little bit heavier than other smartphone (Blackberry Pearls, Sony Walkman). Keys are also very small and sometime troublesome to operate.However biggest problem with this phone is that it has that so called "morning sickness" problem. Phone gets frozen or automatically switches off every 4-5 days. I have all the latest firmware and so but that could not solve the problem.I was Nokia fan and all my previous phone were from Nokia. But I am very disappointed with this phone.

D807 and Nokia 6682 are two top selling phones with Cingular plans. I happened use both of them recently. Samsung is little smaller, less weight and that's about all the advantages Samsung D807 has. Nokia 6682 has much more features with bigger screen, without adding much weight. The reception and voice quality is excellent.  Overall, I LOVE this Nokia phone.

This phone is stellar. Look around. All you see are RAZRs. RAZRs everywhere.Then my buddy bought one of these. A Nokia 6682. Candybar cool. I had to have one. I even jumped providers to have one!NOW I can REALLY personalize my phone the way I WANT IT and I can do it EASILY!  Pop the Micro-MMC card into my laptops's reader and I can transfer any theme or ringtone as I choose. I am no longer victim to my former carrier's proprietary services. My phone is now MY phone!It is simplisticly elegant. Very powerful and contrary to what others say, extremely easy to use if you just read the instructions!Get one while you can because these won't be around for long. Don't be a RAZR clone!

I just bought this phone from the Cingular store yesterday.  I played with most of the features throughout the day and many hours last night.  Lugged it around and used it to talk and text message (T9 predictive txt works).  I opted not to surf the net with this phone, I require at least a 17" screen to actually enjoy my internet surfing.  Oh, I did try out the GPS system with this phone ... trial software that allows you two tries before you are required to pay for registration.This entire experience was not what I wanted in the first place.  I wanted a fancy phone, but I did NOT want a PDA.  This phone TRIES to be a PDA phone, but I have used a Blackberry before and this 6682 phone falls well short of convenient PDA functionality.  This phone is NOT light... for a PDA, yes, for a regular phone, NO.The form factor is barely acceptable for a cell phone.  The front facia has an excellent design.  I have no problem getting used to the key/button layout.  The quality of the buttons are superb.  The navigation button in the center is efficient.  The size of the screen is extremely large for a cell phone.  The display is extremely bright and the brightness of the display is controlled by a light sensor that is located on the top left area of the phone.The BACK of the phone on the other hand has more to be desired.  The camera is located in the back and has a cheap, cheap plastic cover over it for protection.  The cover can be easily slid open if you slip it in and out of your pocket... as a cell phone SHOULD be allowed to do!  It is just not a comfortable feeling thinking that the camera lens would be exposed at anytime without you noticing.  You can avoid this by buying a belt clip or possibly with a phone cover.  I am not a belt clip person.The speed of the phone is much faster than my old 6820 phone.  Browsing through 6820 was a really tough task.  I memorize the shortcuts for my phones and the 6820 never could keep up with my shortcut access, I always have to WAIT for the screen to show up before pressing the next step.The performance of the 6682 (Symbian) OS is acceptable.  When you start it off from idle, it takes a brief moment for it to get going.  After that, it chugs along with an acceptable speed.  It took approximately 40 seconds for it to boot up after I turned it off, including entering a password.Learning where everything is located takes a while, nothing is really that intuitive.  The clock is located under the OFFICE folder instead of SETTINGS.  What's up with the daylight savings time?  I turn it on and the hour jumps ahead and messes up all the time.  I turn it off and the time is back to normal, so does that mean it can not automatically adjust daylight savings?One neat thing is that you can configure the placement of the buttons.  Seems like this phone is pretty configurable.  I was able to get rid of the default right button that was point to the web to MUSIC.  It's nice to be able to do all this.Get real, the 1.3 MP camera resolution is really bad.  There is NO focus!  The cost of this phone, the customer should expect something better than a cheap 1.3 MP camera.  Utterly useless, because it is intrusive physically as you hold it.  You can not just avoid using the camera and forget about it.  If they had left out the camera, consequently omitting the cheap back cover, this phone would have been MUCH more attractive.  Seriously.The RS-MMC (Reduced sized MultiMedia Card) is not your conventional memory card that is being used everywhere.  I believe the SD will be used in future Nokia devices.  Unfortunately, they were unable to implement the SD card idea into this 6682 phone.  Therefore, RS-MMC can not be obtained inexpensively.  Sure it comes with 64MB RS-MMC card, but last I checked, only about 40MB is available by default.  Let's see you store an entire album of music in that space... not.  The RS-MMC card does have an adapter so that it can turn into the size of a regular SD, so that you can stick it into a SD card reader device.Oh, I am not sure if I can attach a photo to each individual phone book contacts.  I have tried to find this through the manual, but have not come across this option.  I can not imagine this feature would be left off of this smart phone.  I probably just can't find it, but I don't feel like looking for this information online... I'll tell you later why.My old 6820 phone was missing the automatic security lock that I had enjoyed from back in the days when I used a TDMA phone.  This 6682 phone has the security lock included.  You can set the time for the phone to lock with a password, very nice in case your phone gets stolen.  Especially as this is a smart phone, you would want your valuable information to be secured.Two very good functions about this phone.  The sound quality through the headsets/earphone (included) is as good as a high quality MP3 player.  The speakerphone quality is loud, but if you play music you are better off enjoying it through the earphones.The reception for this phone is pretty good as all Nokia phones are known to be.  I have no bones with the signal quality, it's great.  The talk time, battery, is very strong.  I have owned this for one day so I can not say too much... but I've taken photos, listened to music and played with virtually all the applications for the entire day and I don't see the battery bar going down at all.This phone is heavy, did I mention that already?  I have gotten tired of it by now.  Trying to configure it and text messaging with this phone for a period of time makes you aware of the weight of the phone.Oh, that's right, this is a "smart phone".  Well, I finally understand that a smart phone is just another way of describing a phone that does everything "half-donkey behind".  I will give it 3 stars ratings, just in between.In conclusion, I am not satisfied with this phone.  It has too much of what I do not need and not efficient enough with what I want it to be.  I will be returning this phone for something a little less snazzy.  This is why I do not care to investigate any further online to utilize this phone.Pros:Nice interface - huge screen, crystal clear with abundant of colors.Buttons works for me, configurable.Good reception.Case is nice LOOKING all around.You can use your old adapters for this device (i.e. car charger).Cons:Oh camera feature is so useless.CHEAP plastic cover for the lens & can accidentally slide open without notice.Phone becomes noticeably heavy after a period.OS not intuitive, so be prepared to take time to learn it.Tons of applications, but most require purchase after trial use.As of now, this phone can not be unlocked.

This phone is AWESOME!!!  After two and a half months of research, I settled on this phone, and I am very happy that I did.  It's way more than a phone first of all.  Despite that however, its still a damn good phone.  So if all you want is a phone, this phone will do it, but it would be a waist, because it can do so much more.  So far my phone is a DVD player (with Finding Nemo, Anchorman, and Coming to America ON THE PHONE), it's an mp3 player (280+ songs) it's an NES with super Mario 1, 2, 3, and Zelda, and 30+ more games, it's got a bible on the phone, its got a kamasutra in it, its got Microsoft word and Excel.  It's got a program in which I can put my class schedule, and the phone goes to silent during class, and back to normal between classes.  The 6682's camera is nice, but it does have memory issues.  That's the main problem many people run into.  When doing too much at once, sometimes the phone asks you to close other apps.  For example, about 1 out of 4 pictures I take, WHILE listening to the mp3 player, the phone wants me to close the mp3 player, the phone can't save the pic unless I do.  Pictures are very nice, if you don't use the zoom.  Voice clarity is good.  Some fun things to know.  You can play mp3s for 7-9hrs and watch dvds 4-6hrs, estimated.  I've never done them all the way to empty, so I can't say exactly.

this phone is very complicated phone to fidure out if you are not up to date with a"data" cell phone BUT if you are a big business person and have alot of files to manage and data it is great> ALSO BE SURE THAT YOU LIKE IT GREATLY BECAUSE AMAZON WILL NOT LET YOU EXCHANGE!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this a month back.  This phone is having pretty much everything you wanted including the MP3 player, camera, video, and lot more custom applications.Pros:- This is pretty good in all aspect and reception is great- Battery life is above average- Having all the features in it that you like to have- PC synchronization is very easy once you install the given software- Bigger display with 256K colorCons:- Somewhat bigger- Once the camera cover opens, it starts the camera application even when the keypad is locked.  Thank GOD after a while, the camera goes to standby (may prevent the rapid battery discharge a little)Over all it is great phone to have in the Nokia brand!

Bought this phone through Cingular a few months ago, I love it.  Previously I had a Nokia 6200, which I loved for the size and durability.I couldn't get a 6230 so I went with the 6682.Pros-The size it a bit bigger than the 6200/6230, but the corners have a good radius so it's easy to shove in a pocket.Good flexible interface.  You can use the standby mode and  soft keys to set the phone up however you want.  Well done for sure.Battery life is solid.  If I use the other features (games,  music, video, etc...) the battery will still get me through a  day but not much more.  If it's just the phone it will last  maybe 4-5 days.Display is quite nice.Camera works great outdoors, but if it takes pics using the  flash it screws them up pretty bad.  As long as there is  enough light the camera is very useful.  I'm sure there is a  way to tweak the settings and dial it in, but I haven't  screwed with it.Memory card slot is awesome to have.  I bought a 512 card  when I bought the phone but it wasn't dual voltage and the  phone wouldn't recognize it.  I was pretty upset about that,  but I'll buy the 1gb Kingston card here soon and will be all  set.Cons-The speak to talk...I like to use it occasionally (I used it  exclusively on my 6200), but I don't know if I need to buy a  license for the VoiceSignal program to use it on the 6682.Wish it had a normal headphone jack so I wasn't tied to the  Nokia headsets.  I understand that there is an adapter I can  buy, but I'd rather see it on the phone.I'd like a way to shut off the phone part of the phone so I  can use it as an MP3 player on flights.  My laptop has a nifty switch to shut off the wireless NIC, I believe a similar feature would allow me to use it on planes.Sometimes the phone will lock up and I'll have to pull the  battery to reset it, don't know if I can have it flashed out  with an update to solve this problem.  It rarely happens, but  when it does you don't notice until you try to use the phone.  Calls get missed etc...All in all it's a solid phone, very pleased with it.  I bought a RAZR for my wife at the same time, I was not impressed with it, especially next to my Nokia.

Its a nice phone with good features. Voice cannot be recorded for morethan 1 minitue. that is not good for a phone like this. otherwise, its a good phon.e

I purchased this phone around the 1st of July 2006. After three weeks of use I can definitely say it is great deal. No money out for the phone and 550 minutes with Cingular at 60 bucks for 2 years sounds pretty reasonable to me.The sound quality of the phone is great.The sync software that comes with the phone and data cable worked flawlessly. I use outlook and sync with it on a weekly basis.The camera is good for must have shots - even if they are a bit lacking in quality.I have played with the recorder and probably could be useful.The phone screen is first rate and the phone construction is all quality - with the exception of the thin plastic cover for the camera lens.The only downside is the MMC dual voltage memory card is only 64 meg and it is hard to find a replacement card at best buy, office depot, etc...I have read other posts about this phone having to be rebooted and I have yet to experience that - thankfully.I highly recommend this phone.My wife got the pink Motorola Razor phone for free and it is okay - but not near the quality of this phone.

I bought this phone because I needed something that could be used as a phone and a pda in one and you can never go wrong with a Nokia. The sound was surprisingly good and the photos were crisp and clear. The video quality is not so great. The applications that come with this phone include real player, opera, adobe acrobat and a mobile version of office. For me however, the 64MB card is not big enough and I do plan on buying a larger one. At first I thought that the phone was too big but now I look at other phones and laugh at their tiny screens and they all seem so inadequate now!

i just got this phone a week ago.its better than my pink razor,i love it coz it has MP3,takes  good pictures,i really like nokia phone than any other phone.love it !!love it  !!love it!!!!!

Been using this phone over a year and never has a single problem with it even I dropped it several times.

I have been using this phone over nine months now and I didnt have any problems yet.Bigger displlay is very advantageous. It has good sound quality. Also the mp3 player is good.The phone software is easy to use and comes very handy in adding contacts or sycnchronizing calender from pc.Camera - its ok. You cant really expect much from a phone camera. But takes quite good pictures if there is enough light. The pics are blurry in low lighting conditions.Battery life is good too.Cons - Its bit bulky. Can be uncomfortable to hold in hand and talk for a long time.Doesnt come with auto keypad lock. But the software can be downloaded for free.People have complained that phone hangs, I have faced that problem only once.Overall its a good phone I will give it 4/5 rating.

Having had several cell phones damaged over time, I got tired of always losing address books on my phones. I decided that I wanted to sync my information with my iMac. I carefully researched all Mac-compatible cell phones, and I selected the Nokia 6682. And I am absolutely glad that I did. This is by far the best cell phone I've ever owned. I've had 3 Nokia phones with BellSouth Mobility & Cingular), 1 Samsung (Sprint), and 1 LG (Verizon) before buying this one.I was able to sync with my Mac on the first try, although it took 2 tries to get the two items as "trusted devices." I sync my address book, calendar, and to-do items effortlessly.The buttons are a little small, but that is my only complaint, and that is a minor issue with me since I do mainly voice dialing.

I have been using Nokia for past 4 days. This is an awesome phone,perhaps the best phone so far .It has tons of features,very easy to use ,big and bright screen, great Camera,speaker and voice dialing capability..It is very much as per my expectations

Just got this phone last week and have already started liking it. Excellent reception. You will fall in love with its look. MP3 player is well designed and sound quality is GREAT. Sharp display.This is a MUST have phone and is a steal at this price

This is my first Smartphone and now I know what I have been missing. You can do so much with this phone especially with all the Symbian software out there - Unlimited video recording, Play MP3, Great camera for a phone and a Flash to boot, Can be used as a GPS unit with the added GPS receiver & softweare, play MAME games, and much much more. Oh and it functions very well as phone too ;-)

I'm pretty disappointed in this phone. It's got poor battery life, and a complicated and buggy interface. It's also very large and bulky. Beyond that, the thing that annoys me most is that there doesn't seem to be any way to have it lock the keypad automatically after some idle period. The end result of that is that I forget to manually lock the keypad and it sits there beeping quietly in my pocket until the battery runs out or it calls a random person from my address book.Unless you want all the whiz-bang extra features for people with a data plan, I'd suggest sticking with a simpler phone that has a good battery life and basic phone features like keypad lock.

In the past month I've used 4 different phones from Cingular.  (RAZR, SLVR, LGCU500, and the 6682)  At first glance I didn't want this phone, it was big and a little bulky so I went with the other phones because they were smaller and more sleek.  To stay on topic the 6682 was my forth phone within my 30 day trial plan.  The rep kept trying to get me to use this phone all along.  Every complaint I had with the others, this phone could handle.  Looking back I'm very happy that I had made the switch...First let me address some concerns that others have posted.  You can put this phone in airplane mode, it is Mac compatible, you don't have to go through 500 menus to get to the text messaging  (The 4 Way and the 2 navagation buttons can be customized to ANY program), and if you don't like to use Nokia's headphones, then you can use your own with a dongle converter.Reception - is top notch.  I can hear people on the headset driving with the windows down.Bluetooth - Devices connect just fine, and I can connect to the internet with my laptop by using a bluetooth dongle.Apps - It's a Symbian OS phone - has tons of apps to customize your phone any way you want.Camera - a 1.3MP and the camera is rich with optionsMP3 Player - Comes with Realplayer and you can listen to MP3s while working on other programs.Overall - Sure I would have liked this to be a little slimmer, but for what this phone can do it makes up for the size.  Besides I see RAZRs all over the place being used now, which kinda defeats the purpose of having a phone that will stick out.  My friend just got one, only because its a "Flip-Phone".  I'm glad I didn't choose this book by its cover.

Nokia phones are the best for the very simple reason that they have the best reception of any other phone manufacturer on the market.  Yes, I know that reception in large part depends on your service provider, but reception does vary by phone manufacturer and Nokia is the best in this department.Pro's- Excellent reception (I even get full bars underground in a subway station).  I have Cingular service in Hoboken, New Jersey- Very good camera phone- Nice, big screen with excellent resolution- Very easy to use, good functionality- Keypad is easy to use because keys are raised.  Good for text messaging.Con's- Its a bit bulky and heavy- The Blue tooth capability does not work the Hands Free Link in my car (2006 Acura TSX).Overall a great phone and highly recommended, but don't get this phone if you have Hands Free Link system in your Acura.  [...]

I'm sure many other people wrote their reviews of this amazing phone... I won't go into details of how future-rich it is. You can even turn it into a navigation system (check out [...]I switched from a horrible motorola v600 phone (never again motorola!) and this phones reception and stability are 100x better!! I highly recommend this phone to anybody looking for a peace of mind making phone calls!!

For a Nokia this buy waas a letdown for me.  I wish it had some features like my previous samsung piece... a daily alarm, automatic dialpad locking, etc. I'm stuck with it for a at least another year. :-(

I got the phone for almost a month now. It should be between 4 and 5 stars. I had a bulky Nokia 3650. It is a very good phone but it is too big and the dial pad is not easy to be used. I tried Sony T610 and Razr. I think the Nokia 6682 is the one I like the most (now I have a backup battery).Somebody said they wish they could turn off the phone to listen to mp3 files on the plane. Actually, you can do that. If you pick the "Offline" profile, it will turn off the phone. Somebody complaint the quality of picture they took at night. I got the same problem. However, I got much better picture after I changed the setting to night mode. It has self timer too (not very useful to me though)Pro:1. Much cheaper than Treo but it is smaller than most PDA phones.2. Good signal and battery life.3. The whole package includes many goodies: the phone, a separate charger, memory card (loaded with softwares), CD-ROM with softwares, USB cable, headphones.4. There are many free and trail softwares. I can read WORD, EXECL, Powerpoint (not so good), and PDF files. Some games are better than I expected. I didn't know the phone can watch TV (there's a MobiTV application) !5. The phone/PC sychn-up software is good.6. I still like bluebooth.7. Photo editing and video editing are nice.8. The camera cover is nice.9. The phone is understatement - good - won't attact too much attention.10. I can set up many short keys.Con (minor things to me):1. Not as thin as the Razr.2. The camera cover can be opened easily (I like to put the phone in my pany pocket). If you have the phone locked, you can still activate the camera by opening the cover.3. I wish the headphone is in better quality (it's ok) or I can use other headphones.4. I wish other carriers have this phone.5. I guess I can only buy additional memory card from Nokia or the carrier.6. The PC suite could be better.With the rebate, it is a steal.

I purchased 2, and both of them are still performing good..no problems so far..Pros:>good reception, conversations loud and clear on both ends>expandable memory>easy to useCons:>port connector for headphone will loosen in time as it did with my last 2 nokia phones.. will get bluetooth headset this time..>supplied headset very awkward to use, no adjustment mentioned in manual, I do not think many will like the design..mine will just stay in  the box.>somewhat big but still fit in my pocket>camera cover slide open to easy..increases battery comsumption if unaware its open, happened to me more than 3 times>average battery lifeall in all I am still happy with this phone...

I wish I could give no stars for this phone.  I have had two Nokia 6682s in my possession since October and both of them had serious, but different, flaws.  Since I bought the phone from Cingular, I tried to get the issues resolved there, but Cingular refused to replace the 6682 with a similar device, despite the fact that I pay a premium every month for this very service.  Next I tried Nokia, who directed me to send my phone to the wrong service facility.  Long story short, Nokia has had my phone for 24 days and does not expect to return it to me for another two weeks.  Don't be tempted - it looks cool and it would be cool if cool if it actually worked, but it doesn't.  You'll be stuck paying Cingular for a service you can't use!

Very Nice. Fully Customizable ..... I lOve It. Only con is..it's slowwww[...]
