
This is the worst site ever. I brought a phone from here and paid for 2 days shipping and this is the 5 day. It still hasn't been shipped yet.  I ordered the samsung e715 too. They won't let me cancel or anything.  No one to call for question. This company is bogus. I tried to cancel it but the website just gave me the run around.  There's no customer service to call if I have questions.  In my opinion, avoid buying from this site at all cost. If you have problems there is no one here to help you.

I do like this phone alot, theres only a couple of things i would like better for this price.*The front led screen is missleading cause preview pics for this phone never show you a picture that the front screen does not have picture caller id, like alot of other phones for this price. it looks old timey analog.*And the only other thing is the ring tones cant be changed per person you have calling you. even my last $100.00 phone had that function.the only reason i havent exchanged it, well tmobile doesnt exactly have the most beautiful phones on their site.and unless i just totally missed those parts in the manual, im kind of upset about it. i really care about those 2 things.

I have just requested my 2nd replacement phone (under warranty) within the last five months.  This is the worst cell phone I have owned. It drops calls frequently (in Detroit Area). For the second time, the the LCD screen has developed a leaking "black ink-like" spot that obscures the screen.

I am a cell phone junkie.  This is my 11th phone in 2 1/2 years.  Among my most recent phones were the Samsung S105, the Nokia 3650, and the Sony Ericsson T610.  The Samsung E715 was the first phone I bought at first sight.  No thought was necessary, I had to have it.First of all, the price on this phone is entirely adequate.  On release it's cost is lower than the 3650 and the T610, and this phone is vastly superior.  The screen and camera quality are absolutely brilliant and unrivaled.  The flash is decent and beats any other phone that has a &quot;night mode&quot;.  The flash really makes taking pictures in low light possible.  The quality of day time photos is superb.  The camera on the 3650 was pretty good, while the SE T610's camera was worthless.  With this phone, I will absolutely use it on vacations to take pictures.  Based on the amount of pictures I have on it all ready, I'm guessing I'll be able to hold 60 pictures using the super fine and largest size selections.  This may not seem like a ton of room, but the fact that it is so easy to email pictures from the phone, the memory is adequate.The screen quality is absolutely brilliant and is the best I've ever seen, bar none!  You will be utterly amazed when you open the flip and see the vibrant and stunning color display.The external display is awesome as well.  The digital clock, battery indicator, signal strength indicator, and other indicators (message, alarm, silent, etc - if necessary), remain on at all times.  it's nice to just pull the phone out of your pocket and be able to check the time, see if you have a message, or missed a call, without having to hit any buttons.The RF beats the three previous models mentioned above, hands down.  Where my T610 wouldn't even get a signal, calls on the E715 are crystal clear.  I have not had one call (in the past week since I've had this phone) that has had anything less than stellar sound quality.  So, the previous reviewer was incorrect in saying the enternal antenna was a mistake.The ring tones on the E715 are louder than the S105 - so Samsung has corrected that problem.  The only problem is that there is not a standard ring tone, which is a bit frustrating, but it's a small complaint.The flashlight is another added bonus. I'm constantly walking through a dark apartment at night, so that the light doesn't shine under my roommates doors.  Well, the flashlight has proved to be really helpful.People gripe about the lack of bluetooth and voice activated dialing  I have never used bluetooth and voice activated dialing has proved to be too much of a hassle for me.  It takes forever to set up and doesn't always work correctly anyways.It's a great phone and well worth the price.  No phone will create the &quot;WOW&quot; factor that this one does.  Everyone who has seen my phone has gushed over it.  It's the classiest, most stylish phone I have ever seen, and it has the performance to back up it's beautiful looks.

Easy to use phone with good sound and ok picture quality (better than Nokia), and the phone looks great! Issues: Battery life is weak. In contrast to the E105 you cannot adjust the brightness of the display which would help you save some power; Internatioal use: I travelled to Thailand and could not use my phone in 90% of the time while all the tri-bands around me were working. With the 900/1900 MHZ dual band solution you have no guarantee that the phone will work seamlessly in all international networks. If this is a must take a triband. Also: Screen is hard to read in the sunlight.

I have had this phone after 7 days it released to the US market.So far, it works great: 16bit color, 5 mega bytes picture memory, great design, clear sound quality, good reception(in my neighborhood), customizable wallpapers, etc.The only thing that bothers me is the battery life. There is only one battery comes with the phone, unlike my previous phone s-105, which has two batteries. Unless you only use your phone for talking and calling, the picture messenging and camera drain the battery FAST!!!, so get ready to disconnect it anytime if you don't charge it freguently.

Pros:- Small size (and definitely the no-antenna packaging)- Better-than-average receptionCons:- No Bluetooth- No "ordinary" ring tones out of the box

The samsung E715 phone is the best. This phone works great. Takes great pics and battery life last for ever. This great lil phone can take a beating and yet it still works. No problem with this phone.

GOODS: Good battery life/ sophisticated look/ small enough to fit a small pocket/ numbers not too small for a phone this size/ good graphics/ big numbers on screen when trying to dial out/not great but a good camera phone/PRICEBADS:Really bad factory rings and music/no bluetoothConclusions:  Buy this phone-u will not regret it.

Oh boy, I hate this phone today. I have had my phone almost 2yrs, first year was just fine. After that my phone wouldn't stay charged for very long and reception got worse, also the screen started to fade. So first I got an internal antenna, it didn't help. So I went to a t-mobile store to get a new battery, the sales person told me they didn't have any for my phone in stock and told me to buy one from another company online that they were just as good. I did, holds charge even less time then the old one. Well this morning, for the second time my phone turned itself off while charging and dumped all my wallpapers, ALL, I don't even have the ones that came with the phone, I have a white screen. It also dumped all my purchased ringtones. And now after charging all last night my phone is dead, it died around 2:00pm. So my advice is: works great for a year, trade it in for an upgrade when your new year starts.

Samsung E715PROS:-  Very nice looking-  Nice camera with flash-  Infrared port (for downloading pictures and data from your laptop, it works!)-  Small and great design-  External LCD-  Well manufactured-  Cheap price ( free or max $50 on-line).CONS: not so smart (compared to Sony T610), not so user smart-friendly, lack of many functions like:- It is not possible to use calling cards- It is not possible to use picture ID with the external LCD-  No stopwatch or chronometer- All the ring tones are horrible, very bad taste. It do not comes with standards ring tones, just annoying and horrible melodies-songs.- It is not possible to copy all your contacts from your phone to the SIM card or vice versa all at once. To do this you need and extra free software (easyGPRS) from [...]I got this phone from [...] for free with the activation of a new contract with T-mobile. A great deal!!So far the reception is fine, just like my 1-year-old Sony T610. The first day, at the end of the day, the battery had only a mark left (out of 3) after not so much use. Looks like it is true the bad commends about the battery life. Anyway after turning the signal light off, it looks like the battery is working better.The camera works fine, I am happy with it. It works much better than the Sony T610. By the way the camera on the Sony T610 is horrible; that is the reason I ended up buying the Samsung E715.Regarding the infrared port, some people say that it is not possible to download pictures to a laptop (even the people from Samsung support say the same thing): well, thas is not true. All you need to upload or to download pictures and data is very simple; just get the program EASYGPRS from the download section on [...]Many people have a lot of problems making the software work with the infrared port. Here are the settings to enjoy your phone problem free:After installing the EasyGPRS software, on the setup menu, set the port to IrDA. Then set the SPEED to 230400. Then on your laptop go to control panel/system/hardware/device manager/infrared device/right click on the infrared controller and select properties/advanced (here set the value or rate to 57600). After that you will be able to transfer all your pictures with out any problem.This Samsung E715 looks great, it is very small, and the reception here in Manhattan is fine. The T-Mobile customer service is good too. This phone do the job right as a phone, but it is not such a smart phone. In performance, logic and ease of use, the Sony T610 is ten times better. This phone has only two things better then the T610; the camera and the good looking.So if you do not mind having and smart phone, and you are looking only for a nice camera phone, I recommend this phone. If you are into a smart and very practical phone, and you do not care about the camera, well it is better to get another phone.I am happy with it, no matter the CONS, but I paid nothing for it, only $35 for the connection fee with T-Mobile.-My overall rating-As a camera phone: 4 stars out of 5In Style: 5 out of 5As a modern and practical phone: 3 out 5p.s: with you want to know where to find 100 normal ringtones for only $2, how to make the infra red port work, and how to get rid of the vibration on the ringtones, please send me an e-mail to d3025@hotmail.com  Subject: tips for samsung E715

by far the best signal quality and battery life on a phone i've owned. i just upgraded to the razer from motorola, but i don't really call it an upgrade. the samsung beats it hands down in signal quality, sound quality, and battery life. i liked the fact that it has a flash that doubled as a flashlight. i also liked the blinking light, because i could find it in the dark if needed. i can understand the people saying that they didn't like the screen dimming, but i never had a problem with it. it might be a bit dated now days, but if i did it over with now i would get it again.

This is the best phone I've ever owned...BUT, it doesn't have a speakerphone, which is a big let-down.  :(

i have owned a samsung e715 since january of 2004.  actually you could say i have owned 4 of them and i am fixing to own another.  all e 715s i have owned have started to have scan lines and fade out.  the phone works great and has some great features but if your screen fades out there is no point in having such good features.  another thing is the pictures of the inside of your pocket which are great if you love black pictures of nothing, but i will say that when it does take a picture of the inside of your pocket it at least lets you know by releasing a shutter sound.  the ringtones on this phone suck and that is all there is to say about that.  also i have to recharge my battery about every other day and sometimes i do not have a charger with me when i need it.  i bought this phone because it looks great and has the great features, but man it has been a pain in my hind quarters.

Just bought the Samsung E700 cell phone (doesn't have the flash). A nice phone but .....* its dual band* no voice dialing* no bluetooth* really short battery life (2-3 days with 20 mins talking time / day)taking into consideration its price I'd say its just ok.

The Samsung SGH-E715 is a very nice phone with features that I have never seen in other flip phones.  Prior to owning a Samsung, I had a Motorola T722i and a Nokia 3510. The E715 is a dual band, &quot;intennaless&quot;, camera (w/zoom and flash) phone.  It is similiar to the E700 and E710 models that are being used in Asia and Europe respectively.  The E715 has no external antenna which makes it so attractive and no antenna means that you don't have to worry about it being snagged.  The camera boosts an outstanding zoom and a nice flash.  It also has a light on the front cover that stays on for 15 seconds after the push of the button on the side.  It's a dual band (900/1900).  I have used it in Taiwan and the Philippines and it works great there.  The buttons are easy to push and the LCD screen on the inside has a clearer screen then the Motorola T722i.  It's small and very nice.  And if you are thinking of &quot;unlocking&quot; it in the future that can be done so easily.  I unlocked mine by way of 'remote unlocking' through a website meaning I didn't have to attach wire cables to my phone; all I had to do was enter codes...very easy to do.

I've had the phone for over one year.  Everything was fine.Now, the screen got bad and of course I am out of the warranty period.  It is a known problem but they don't want to do anything since it's been over one year.Buy something else.

Ok guys! Time for my review. Got this phone on Feb 28, 2005. I must say it possesses great looks apart from features. I was in a dilemma whether to buy V600 or e715, but finally landed on e715 since it is lighter. Agreed that this phone doesnt have bluetooth, but be frank folks, how many of you actually use Bluetooth?? If so, doesnt ur battery drain like hell? If i need to transfer data, the Infra Red port is sufficient. If i need to talk handsfree, the ear bud is sufficient. About camera, i am not a camera freak, if i have to take snaps, i have a digital camera.Overall, 5 stars from my side. Dont know about the screen getting too bright after 5-6 months, but 2-3 of my friends have had this fone for 1 year and they had no problems like that. So, guys... Keep Fingers Crossed, but Eyes Open!!

My last phone was the AWESOME Samsung S105; a full featured phone that I miss..but not too much. The Samsung E715 is certainly better, especially the screen quality.Pro's:1. Great design and good build quality2. External display3. Flashlight feature with LED external light that is also used as the camera flash4. Fairly quick internet connection with T-Mobile service5. High quality head phoneCon's:1. When closing the flip phone during a call it doesnt disconnect for a few seconds so if the other party starts to say..&quot;wait hold on a minute&quot;..it in effect gives the impression that you've heard them and then choose to disconnect them. Trust me this has happened several times. It's annoying.2. The camera makes this ANNOYING and LOUD snap shot noise when taking a picture. It's due to regulatory requirements in Korea so it cannot be turned off or lowered. Very annoying.3. The battery life is hardly that good. Buy a car charger. They are only about twenty bucks.4. There are ZERO &quot;regular&quot; ring tones; ie - a &quot;ring ring&quot; or a &quot;buzz buzz&quot;. Most are odd ball tones and songs that sound immature for anyone not in highschool. However, T-Mobile offered to credit me back for the cost of downloading one off the net.5. You cannot assign ring tones to specific callers; something that was offered on the S105. This is by far the worst feature I belive. Now I have to run to look at my phone every time it rings if it happens to be in another room at home. Before I could &quot;hear&quot; who was calling by the tone that was assigned to that caller.Over all I love the phone and think Samsung did a great job at designing this one.

This is the worst phone I ever had. I don't recommend anyone getting this. The model had some technical problems if your phone gets over charged it will delete your entries from the phone book. Initially I thought it's the problem with the equipment I got so I got that replaced with another one with my cell phone company, but that didn't help me I'm still seeing the same problem.

I've had my E715 for over two years now, and my screen fried at the 1 1/2 year mark. It can still see things on the screen, but it's as if someone turned up the brightness feature so high that everything is washed out. I can barely read menus, and forget about having any wallpapers or seeing any photos. I wish the screen had lasted longer. I am currently searching for a different phone.

this is my second e-715 with the same problem the screens contrast goes too bright after 6 months you can not adjust it

I've had this phone for about a year now, but after about 6 months the screen showed signs of damage. The screen is so bright that you can hardly read the menu prompts and there are lines going through the screen. I had never dropped the phone before the screen exhibited these problems. A friend with the same phone told me that he had dealt with the same problems, fortunately for him he had insurance (I do not [long story]).The reception on this phone has been on the weak side, I'm assuming that it's from the internal antenna. It hasn't disturbed me too much though, the increased pocket comfort may been worth it...Another problem I had with the phone was that the buttons are so flat, and there is so little distance between them, that it is quite difficult to dial or text message.For the positive points of this phone: this is a very attracttve phone and have received many compliments on it. It has a sleek compact and futuristic look that I have yet to see duplicated. The contrast of the silver and gray along with the retro style screen display give it a uniquely attractive look.Also, the phone is very small and reasonably light, which is a big reason why I bought the phone in the first place.

I got this phone from a friend.  It's a decent phone, takes good picures, but i have yet to explore it for mistakes.

I have owned almost every samsung Phone that has been hyped and updated, i have to say that this phone is one of the best. I was afraid that this phone would be a disapointment like the V205, but i was mistaken. Not only is this phone beautiful in looks, the specifications cannot be beat by any phone.  The picture quality on the camera is excellent, the color is amazing and the reception is just as good as what i received on my S105.  If i had to recommend a phone that is similar to the E715...i would recommend the S105, the LGVX6000, and of course its older brother, the E700.  The only thing that i wish that the E715 inherited from the E700 was the color screensavers with the bouncing balls.  This effect would make it similar to the LGVX6000.  BUY THIS PHONE!

3 months so far. it is a great phone. Infrared port is very handy to transfer data. Enjoy.

First of all it is a good phone but I will tell what is lacks. It could have a few more features that can make it the best in the market. First no voice dial most new phones have it the phone. I had a panasonic in 2001 which had it. The external display can show a few more details than it does. It doesnot display the missed calls for more than 30 secs. One doesnt realise that they have missed call unless they open the phone. This is annoying. The manual is abysmally inadequate. It doesnt tell how to take self potraits or use the IR port. It doesnot tell how to delete wall papers or ringtones uploaded. Well I guess people like me who like to do things wihtout reading the manual can have a field day with this phone. Also it has a lot of ringtones, but i guess samsung has the impression that every body wants musical ringtones, and there are no ringtones in built which dont use its 40 polyphonic chord ringer except for the silly tmobile jingle. The pictures taken by the phone in low light have a reddish tinge to them.The display is very vibrant and is very bright. The sound quality is also very good. It has a great antenna (internal) I have crystal clear calls even in my basement where most of my other phones have lost the signal. The phone also has a very loud ringer which has an adjustable volume. The camera is great, the best I have seen on any phone. It has almost 9 megs of memory on but it is not shared among ringtones, the photos and the messages. I wish it had a memory card slot so that I could take a few more pictures at max resolution.Well if you want a fancy looking phone with loads of features i would recommend the Sony Ericsson T610. That phone leaves the sgh-e715 eating its dust. Also it is as heavy as this one and it has a lot of desirable features and it is cheaper than this one. But in spite of the all the things I do not like about the phone I will not return this phone because of the manual. It really allows me to play with the phone to discover new things. I really wanted to give it 3.5 * but amazon doesnt let me do that.

This is the first Samsung phone I have had and it does not quite measure-up to the V300.  I am a TMobile customer and when I finally became too fed up with the V300's terrible camera, TMobile sent me this as an &quot;upgrade&quot;.Here are the good features about this phone:1)it has no external antenna to brake off2)the camera takes better pictures than the V3003)it is very small but still comfortable to useHere are the bad things about this phone:1)the sound quality of a call on the receiver is tinny and sounds too 'digital' (much unlike the V300 which I did not realize how good it was until I received this phone)2)it lacks features! (maybe I was spoiled with the V300 but this phone does not have the 'technology' other phones seem to have.  example- this phone does not have an easy to use datebook to set off alarms to remind you of appointments- it does not have a speakerphone which worked well on the V300 and was very handy at times- and just simply, it is like a Commodore 64 computer in a world of 3Ghz processors.)3)Lastly, it simply is not as 'smart' of a phone as the V300. In other words, it is not as easy to use, not as feature packed, and not as &quot;practically designed&quot; as it should be.Modern cell phones, in my opinion, don't need to be flashy and a work of art to look at, but they should accomodate the user with easy to use and practical features, and sadly, this phone just falls short.If you're debating between this phone and the V300- the V300 is an upgrade from this phone in every way except for the camera.

It currently has the best quality in camera, tft-lcd pannel screen, and the first OLED in the world. It has flash on it so that you can take pictures in darkness with incredible digital zoom. The voice quality is much better than i thought and i believe it is better than other competing models from other company. I believe those who don't have good reception is mainly because of the area you live don't provide good reception from T-mobile. The spec shows the best quality among cell phone and it really is!

After going through a lengthy process of choosing the best phone for my needs, I finally bought Samsung E715. The features were excellent. But once I started using it under T-Mobile service, I was unable to send text messages and picture messages to the Philippines. The phone company said they have unresolved network issues which may take 2 weeks or more to resolve. I had to cancel my service. What a waste of cutting edge technology on a phone that can not deliver due to poor service.

I don't want to rehash all of the stuff that's already been said about this phone. Here's something that nobody told me before I bought it: You cannot use the Infrared port on this phone to transfer data to and from it using a PC. You can use the infrared on the phone as a wireless modem for Internet connectivity (this works for me) but the EasyGPRS software provided to manage phone entries etc. does not work with Infrared. I've checked out all of the online support forums for this phone and I have not heard from anyone who has actually done this. When I called tech support they suggest that I buy their data cable (read: shell out another $70) for that purpose. It is very misleading to show this phone as being IR equipped while its use is crippled.BTW, I gave this phone 4 stars because it is still a sleek looking great phone.

But do you know this phone has a very high radiation? google "Samsung E715 sar cnet". it is 1.41, veyr high

Samsung has been working hard to keep their share of the cell phone market and have been successful in some cases. Last years offering, the 205v was in my opinion one of the better phones on the market as far as overall construction, feature offerings and reliability. This years phones leave a little more to be desired...The E715 is of course feature packed offering all the phone book goodies as well as the picture with flash option. The features are typical of this price range. What is lacking is quality. I tried 3 different cell phones in the last 3 months. The E715, the 206V and the Motorola V300.Samsung would do right to take a lesson from Motorola on cell phone engineering.The V300 eats up the E715 in every department ranging from screen quality, usability, memory management, call quality and reception quality , to overall sexiness and desirablilty of product.The E715 has a cheap and under-engineered feel to it. The button pad is too smooth to provide distinction between numbers and the unintuitive design of the menu programming was enough to drive me take the phone back and demand a Motorola replacement.I strongly recommend NOT buying this phone unless they pay you generously when included with a new contract.

THIS HANDSET IS THE ABSOLUTE GREATEST! THE PICTURE QUALITY IS AS PERFECT AS A DIGITAL CAMERA,EXCEPT WHEN TAKING MULTI-SHOTS ( CAN TAKE UP TO 15 CONSECUTIVE PICS ) FOR SOME ODD REASON,  :&lt; ..BUT HEY -- NO PHONE WILL EVER HAVE IT ALL.. YOUR ABLE TO CHANGE THE LOOK OF THE PORTRAIT FROM STANDARD TO SKETCH, SEPTA, NEGATIVE, ETC. THE RECEPTION IS VERY GOOD FOR A PHONE W/ AN INTERNAL ANTENNA. THE RINGTONES ARE PRETTY LOUD, AND FUN.. I WISH THE VOICE RINGTONES WOULD HAVE BEEN AS CLEAR AS THE MOTO V300, -- BUT SAMSUNG PRODUCTS IN GENERAL SURPASS, BY FAR, MOTOROLA QUALITY.  THE MENU FORMAT IS USER FRIENDLY.. AND THE KEYPAD IS NOT IN ODD FORM, OR TOO SMALL AS OTHER PROVIDERS TRY TO UP SELL THEIR PRODUCTS.  THE PREDICTIVE TEXT FORMAT IS T9 NOT THE HORRENDOUS iTAP.  EMBEDDED ANIMATIONS ARE CUTE.  ITS SMALL, ITS A FLIP..  SIMPLY PUT~~ I LOVE MY PHONE.. AND U WOULD TOO..

i've had this phone for over a year now and we've never had one issue because it thought my hands free was plugged in, when it wasn't. being a hardware developer, i understand that sometimes hardware fails. i just reset the phone and it was no big deal. no data loss what-so-ever. the only other issue i've had is that i left it outside in the car when it was 10 below, yeah so hardware doesn't like that so much. now my phone has different shade stripes on it, c'est la vie.reception has been stellar, the camera is better than on my sidekick 2 as far as picture quality and i talk a lot on my phone and only ever have to recharge the battery every other day.my roommate bought the same phone around 9 months ago and has never had an issue either.

This is by far the worst phone I've ever owned. I had the Nokia 3650 and I wanted a smaller phone. This phone has  virtually no features that my old phone had. I just bought this phone solely on aesthetics and because it had a camera. It doesnt look bad but thats about the only thing it has going for it. The picture quality is awful to say the least and I have to recharge it every 2 days(keep in mind I only talk about 10 mins a day because I hate talking on the phone). Not only that but my sometimes it tweeks and just turns off by itself and deletes numbers from my phone book. Please steer clear from this phone...

I have used this model for two years now.  I find that I really like this phone, but I notice the horizontal white lines across the screen also.Pros-Small, lightweight, great flash on the camera, clear signal, holds many pictures, looks goodCons-Horizontal white lines in display, sometimes shuts off and restarts when I am in the middle of applications, sometimes the alarm doesn't go off.Overall, I would avoid trading it in for another E715, I would much rather try a new model.

This phone is ugly and heavy and has a terrible user interface even for techies like myself.  It also drops calls like crazy here in Manhattan.  The Moto V600 is a much better phone, takes better pictures, gives you better clarity and reception, is smaller, and is much, much cheaper.  Get the Moto V600 if you want T-Mobile.  Stay away from this ugly monster.

Is it just my experience or other owners feeling same .??Just bought 3 days ago...camera resolution is very nice ..Other features looks good so far. BUT battery life seems very low..as of today my talk time used was about 25 minutes avg per day..and it runs low on battery.

Phone is really cool...got a camera and a flashlight along with some disco lights.  This phone is great in all of its functions other than actually being a phone.  Reception is horrible, calls get dropped all over the place, service dissapears as soon as you enter into a building.  But when you do get a call, you get a cool jingle and a nice light show.  As much as I want to like this phone for how cool it is, I can't.  This phone is really bad...definitely not worth the price, or even half of its price for that matter.  I came over from Sprint because I didn't want to sign a 2 year contract.  I would gladly do so now.

This is the best phone I have seen. It's light, small, cute, and it does a billion and a half things. It's easy to use. (I didn't even read my manual and I can do everything I need to) I highly recommend it. (Even my cell phone geek friends are jealous!!!

Purchased on 12/29/03 from Amazon.com.  $249 with about $200 in rebates, so it cost me $49.  I was basically looking at the latest color-screened, flip-style, camera phones.Very nice looking phone.  I've been a bit behind the times with the Samsung R225, but this one, when closed is slightly thicker and a good 1/2 inch shorter and no protruding antenna.  It has a nice display on the outside that shows signal strength, text message indicator, battery life, and the current time.  It'll also show the caller id when you recieve a phone call and it also indicates if you've missed a call so you know at a glance (without opening the phone).It's got a VGA resolution camera which is better than a lot of camera phones out there, and it also has about 4 megs of memory to store photos in.  The photos are not very sharp and don't show a lot of detail; you couldn't take a picture of regular typed text and really be able to read it.  However, it's fine for taking spontaneous pictures of people and objects.  The camera has a different modes BW, Sepia, etc, and some "photo frame" stuff, but it also has a very cool high-speed multi-shot mode with which you can put together mini-video clips or capture some fast moving action.  The camera is also pretty quick, without the "digital delay" that many digital cameras have.  There is also a flash and a digital zoom, both of which are mediocre, but functional.As far as communications, it comes with a built-in IR port and my laptop as able to automatically recognize the phone and use the modem.  There is a software called EasyGPRS with which you can download additional mega ringtones and/or wallpapers.  You can also download ringtones from T-mobile, directly from your phone, for a buck each.  There is no bluetooth connectivity, but I don't have any bluetooth devices anyway.  The phone does not have any options to easily copy an entire phonebook from a SIM card to the phone, but the phone's phonebook can store multiple numbers as well as e-mail addresses with each entry which is handy if you use the picture e-mail service from T-mobile.  The cost is $0.25 per picture or $4.99 per month for unlimited picture messaging.  I'm not sure how useful it'll be yet, but we'll see.Another reviewer wrote about how everything on the phone is so "fufu" and there weren't too many "professional" options.  There aren't any plain vanilla type ringtones, all the menus and wall-papers are very colorful and splashy-looking.  It's okay, but there aren't any themes where things are toned down a bit.Overall, I'm quite impressed with the deal that I got on the phone.  I was tempted to get the Sony-Ericsson T610 for T-mobile also because it has the bluetooth, IR, and camera phone, but it has smaller memory and it's a bar-type phone and I really wanted the flip.

This phone is adequate.  The reception seems to be pretty good, which ultimately is the most important feature for a phone.  It's quite small, the camera seems to work well, it's got a solid feel to it, and the screen is pretty nice.  There's obviously quite a bit of technology crammed into this little sucker, which is why I find its failures all the more disappointing.* No e-mail.  Are you kidding me?  Samsung can get a crummy golf game to run in java and get a web browser running, but it was too difficult to work up a little POP interface?  Ridiculous!* No voice dialing.  Again, give me a break.  Makes it unsafe for use while driving.* Ringtones are not assignable, and as other reviewers have also noted, the included ringtones are embarrassing and juvenile.  Further, while, yes, it is a clam shell design, it would be nice if you could assign images to callers, so that, for example, the screen could display a snapshot of whoever's calling.  Not incredibly useful, but easy to do.  [Edit:  My mistake -- you CAN do this, BUT they don't stay displayed throughout the conversation.]* Mine, at least, doesn't get the time automatically.  My last phone did.  I don't know what the deal is here.* The menu system is unintuitive and cumbersome, and the keys are not distinct enough from each other.* I agree:  wtf is up with the camera and its loud snap noise?As a phone it seems fine, but as a gadget I'm really not impressed.  All the hardware seems to be there, which is what makes the lackluster software for this phone so disappointing.  I wish I'd bought something else, maybe the sony T610.

No speakerphone, no individual caller ringtone (you have to put a name in as a group for a ringtone to that name). The home charger cord to the phone has died twice. You'll end up purchasing one or getting T-Mo to credit your account for a new one. Other then these few concerns... the phone is top-notch. Excellent reception... gorgeous resolution...great camera capabilities.

OK so I was looking to ditch Cingular because I was drawn to T-Mobile's plans and sheer attractiveness of their line of phones.  This Samsung phone was (and still is) the ONLY phone that truly catches my eye.  It looks great from any angle, and it's one of those phones that people naturally look at and want to touch.  It's happened to me when people see mine lying out.  Something surprising is how LIGHTWEIGHT it is, especially for being a camera phone.  The screen is extremely bright, good display of colors, and I've had really good reception.  I thought it might be a little worse because of its internal antenna but luckily this hasn't been the case.  It holds a LOT of pictures, right now I have like 100 saved on it.  The ringtones, I'll admit SUCK (for lack of a better word) so I keep it on the generic T-Mobile ring because I'm not into downloading them online.  It's held up well too, it looks fragile but it still works perfectly even after having been dropped several times on concrete and BEING immersed in water in the toilet.  I KNOW.  The only two things I wish this phone had are: memory to hold more than 30 text messages in its memory before filling up, and slightly better battery life.  Other than that, sleek looking phone, works great, GET IT.

I have this phone a little over a year.  This is my first Samsung phone and boy what a mistake!  In the past 3 months the phone crashes at least once a week.  I loose all my pictures, my downloaded ring tones and a few phone numbers here and there.  I always have to delete everything in my phone and reload all my schedules, ring tones and numbers again from my computer.  It is so annoying.The initialization time takes FOREVER!  You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.  I use my phone for business and I always have to carry an extra battery pack in my bag.The external camera button is badly situated.  I hit that button accidentally all the time and I get tons of black pictures.I have not been able to find a good quality handsfree set out in the market besides the manufacturer ones (which by the way if you have a shallow earhole it is a nightmare to use).However, this phone is quite user friendly.  You can pretty much figure the phone out without doing any manual reading.If you are a power cellphone user than I don't think this is your phone.

Well, just as all the other reviews state....it's a really cool lookin phone, has some nice features...BUT - it's got it's bugs too. For the price, i'd stay away from it.Though I haven't had any problems with T-Mobile - i have with this phone. I'm going on 10 months with it and the screen (like the others state) is starting to bleach out on me. Fine lines are appearing across the screen and yes, it's starting to reboot on me for no apparent reason.Also, i haven't read this on anyone else's review - but my phone looses phone numbers out of my phonebook every so often. They just get deleted. I'll go look for my buddy Curt - and his name and number are gone. weird...this happens probably about once every couple weeks...the camera on the phone is subpar too...read reviews on it - you'll see...in dark light...the pics are red...again - weird.So, i dunno..i was happy with it the first month...but after a while...it's lame...cool looking, but lame.

I bought this cell phone in june of 2004 and it is still working great.....However after using this phone for an year the inside display has started showing signs of fading the colors are not the same anymore. I was reading some reviews about the drop call issue........it has not happened to me so far not a single time it has dropped a call. Well yeah it takes some time to initialize the phone book and other options once u turn it back on but believe me its not more than one minute. It has a really good camera with multi-shot option and its really cool. About the battery life......Yes the battery life is not that good (when you compare to Nokia)but its good enough for me i charge my cell phone every other day and i dont know why people want their cell phone to last for like 8 days.... its not that hard to put the charger against your cell phone. It is very light weight and compact with no externall antenna and thats the best part with no external antenna with GSM phones you dont need no external antennas.Yeah and about the looks of the phone i give it 10/10 because it does look great.

I'd have to truly say that this is the most stylish phone on the market, it is slim and has all the cool featuers that any teenager like me would want. It is the best phone considering that it is only $50 now. My friend's jaws dropped when they saw this phone, I absolutly love the Camera and the Flash function. I would reccomend this phone to anyone who wants the coolest phone on the marketIt is safe to call this the &quot;Mercedes-Benz of phones&quot; it is defently slick

1) Battery life improves after the first few charges.  My first charge lasted 48 hours with minimal usage.  My third charge lasted just over 4 days with about 90 minutes of total talk time and about a dozen pictures taken.  So be patient.2) It took me forever to figure out that if you want to take pictures with the lid closed, you have to hold the camera button on the side down for a few seconds.3) EasyGPRS is the software you want to use to link up the phone to your pc.  You can download your photos, call lists, phonebook, etc., or upload new backgrounds, ringtones.  The data cable is pricey, I use the IR port on my laptop to connect.4) I got the samsung leather case for the phone.  I dont think I'm going to use it often.  When its on, it causes the flip to not close nicely, and it has a plastic cover over the external screen and camera, so camera shots come out even more blurry.  But the case looks nice otherwise, and I'll probably cut the plastic part that is around the camera.5) I dislike most of the built in ring tones.  They sound great technically, but there arent much in the way of discreet rings for the office.  Most free ringtones on the internet are conversions of pop/hip hop songs, and are also inappropriate for a workplace.  On the plus side, you can use mms for ringtones, so you can get mp3 type versatility for your ringtone.6) Hold the volume button down a second or so while closed and the flash light turns on.Dont be fooled by the fact I gave this phone 4 stars.  Its the best phone I've ever owned.  There are lots of little flaws that everyone else has mentioned already.  But I think its the perfect format (flip phone, no external antenna), small, and extremely attractive.  The only other TMobile phone I would consider is the Motorola V300 (V500/600 coming next year).

This is the latest phone I've had with TMobile. I got a contract extension, and I regret it. I have a couple months left until I can switch to a better company. The service with these people is awful. They are rude and dont care if you're satisfied if you have a contract. They get really sweet when your contract is up.There is a reason that Verizon and Cingular are much, much bigger companies. If you're thinking of switching, dont pick TMobile! The initial deals look good, but you'll regret it!

WHAT I LIKE MOST:1. excellent reception.2. 65K color sreen is clear, beautifully saturated.3. sound is clear like a bell.4. lots of features5. external LCD screen is very useful in the dark, so is the service light but can be somewhat annoying because of its brightness.6. high quality built, no squeezing between clamshell7. light-weight, much better than Motorola phone.8. perfectly compatible with Asia's 900Mhz network. All you have to do is call Tmobile or look up instruction codes to unlock the phone. With ATT phones, even they are tri- or quad-band, you're out of luck.WHAT I DON'T LIKE:1. short list of wallpapers and ringtones.2. the battery is not as strong as E-316. Charge it nightly at bedtime will solve the problem.3. where's bluetooth technology in this 300 dollars phone?4. ear-microphone jack is covered by plastic cap. This design is out-dated.

To counter some of the gripes people have had with this phone I've been all smiles since upgrading about a month ago. First off, the internal antenna gets better reception than the standard little nub of an antenna that most other phones have. It's also a nice feature for those of you that carry the phone around in your pockets since there's nothing sticking out to get hung up on. As far as the knock of sudden dropped calls with the internal atenna, no problems in my service area. The battery life was an area of concern after reading reviews, but then, like all new things, you start out weak and build the charge as you go. It's gotten ALOT better at holding its charge as time has worn on. Though not as comprable to other phones I've owned (Nokia, Motorola) the E715 is suitable for a college kid like myself for talk-time and battery life. The ringtones that come preloaded are intolerable though. The front LCD display is VERY convienient when it's dark because it's always on showing time, signal strength, and battery life, not to mention the caller ID function. This phone has plenty of bells and whistles to keep you busy and the camera is a nice touch. This is a phone afterall, so the quality isn't the best, but it's still fun. Though this isn't as technical a review as some I just want to give the impression that this is a good overall phone and I would recommend it-- especially since it's price keeps dropping.

Great phone except I have 3 issues...1. phone locks up when accessing phone book... takes about 2 minutes to access the phone book... only about 20 entries in it...2. phone resets when attempting to access one particular picture in my out box... cannot access/send or even delete it... T-mobile says its a software issue... my vendor has about 4 weeks backorder for my replacement Amazon)... its only a few days old... :-/3. battery life is poor... after a full charge I got only 6 hours b4 shutdown , no calls were made only 4 pictures were taken and sent... (all lights are disabled) to attempt to improve battery. Also another day after a full charge and 1 hour on with t-mobile customer service phone shut off after about 14 hours...I am awaiting my replacement... outside of my return period... I hope my replacement phone is not corrupted and that the poor battery life is due to the bad software...

I like the phone itself, but don't ever break it!!!I needed to replace a plastic window that cracked; the electronics were fine.  Samsung doesn't have service centers like some other companys, and getting through to their repair department is a NIGHTMARE.I spent 1 1/2 hours on hold and finally had to hang up to pick up my son.  The next day I spent 2 1/2 hours on hold only to get a recording telling me that they were on holiday (they weren't) and to call back during normal business hours.  I then called back and asked for a supervisor since I didn't want to get transferred just to be disconnected after 2 1/2 more hours.I was told one would call me back in 3 business days.  I don't care how awesome the phone is...any company that shows such little regard for its customers will NEVER get my business again.  Unless you have many hours to waste in the event you need their repair department, I would strongly recommend you look for another phone.

Let's get the main stuff out of the way...the phone is a stellar paperweight and a mediocre phone.  The camera is good for being a camera phone, the reception...even compared to older Tmobile phones...is laughable.  The interface is terrible.  The battery charge is nonexistant. I have NEVER been able to keep my phone alive on standby for 8 days as the phone specs claim I should be able to.And now, my overall experience purchasing and using this phone:For starters, this was not the phone I originally wanted.  Due to several snags with a certain company that sells book, multimedia, and other fun stuff via a website and their phone dept's lack of competence, I was unable to get my desired phone for 8, count 'em EIGHT months.  Why did I wait? They had a stellar rebate.  After a while, though, saving 2oo dollars more than buying direct from Tmobile was no longer worth it.  Anywho...When I finally bought the e715 direct from Tmobile, I was excited.  I was getting my first camera phone, and I had heard that Tmobile service was great.  On top of that, my roommate had the phone I had tried to order, and her reception in our house wasn't too bad.  In fact, I monitored her usage and locations before I signed with Tmobile.That being said...my current phone is my THIRD replacement phone.The third one doesn't drop calls as often as the first two did, but I still cannot talk in my house.  Perhaps that's because the SIM card has been replaced twice? Customer service was terrrible, and even though I checked a parts matinence thing on my contract, it has never been activated (despite constant requests for them to do so, and no notification as to why it hasn't been done. Overall...do yourself a favor, go to Sprint, buy a phone directly from them, and enjoy the bliss I can only dream of for the next 6 months.

I've had my phone for less than 8 months. All the sudden the battery will take a full charge and then "WHAM!" it's drained in 10 MINUTES! I kid you not... 10 minutes. So when this started happening I ordered another battery. As I placed my battery order I opened my phone to see if I had any juice left and come to find my 16 billion trillion color screen is now 8 colors, washed out and flickering! Yes, this $300 pile of crap is just that... a 300 dollar pile of crap.Now that I've charged the battery again the monitor is still crap but the same battery that couldn't hold a 10 minute charge is holding a full charge leading me to believe this phone has tons of quirks that are just coming to surface.If you plan on buying a $300 phone... don't buy this one. The people that say the photos this thing takes are great must wear contact lenses or very thick glasses. The picture quality is HORRENDOUS!Also, let's look at some of the things that this "top of the line" phone doesn't have like VOICE DIALING and BLUE TOOTH (oh yeah, and I good service provider)! Why bother? Spend $300 on something reliable and loaded with features.

Phone works okay - battery life is about the same as the 4 year old Startac I had until I replaced it with this phone - which means you'll get 2-3 days at best with moderate use.  The display is ridiculously bright and must consume a heck of a lot of power - too bad there is no brightness setting.  Camera quality is excellent for a phone, flash is pretty much useless (nice selling point, but only bright enough for pictures &lt;12 inches from camera).

The best phone I've owned, so far, and I've owned quite a few in the past 10 years.  I did a lot of research, and while the Motorola V300 seemed comparable, (with better rebates) It's just a different type of phone for a different type of person.If a phone has a ton of features, they better be useful and not be just for a fancy sales pitch.  This phone looks better, is smaller, has an actual USABLE camera (w/flash type light).Cons:  Battery life is very short, but with a little time/charging management, it works out.TAnother thing (which is T-mobile) is the darn T-Zones button in the middle of the 4way pad... Easy to hit by mistake, and button should act as a "enter" or "select" key, like the VGA1000, but someone decided to make it a dedicated T-Zones button (except in games).All in all, I expect to be happy with this phone for much longer than any of the others I've owned (Ericsson blows).  If you are into spending a little extra, this phone will not disappoint!

Initially upon signing up with T-Mobile, I shelled out good money to get one of the first *affordable* camera phones on the market -- the Samsung V205.  I had to send this phone back literally 5 times, before upgrading to the E715 (again, paying a lot of money, and renewing my contract in order to save a couple of hundred bucks).  At first, I was dazzled by this phone; I thought it was great.  I've had it for about 6 months now, and it's crapping out in the exact same fashion as the V205, leaving me to believe that perhaps the problem is not with the phone models, but with Samsung themselves.  The problems are as follows:* the screen blanks out, and the phone shuts itself off, even with a full battery quite randomly.  For instance, I opened the phone to check my organizer, snapped it shut, and the phone just shut off.  This has occurred 9 times already in the past 2 days.  Additionally, after this happens, it will not turn on again, or get to the little welcoming screen and just shut off.  This was the problem that caused my hatred of the V205, as there is really no fixing this.* you can't save your photos on the SIM card, thereby costing you all of your irreplaceable pictures when you inevitably have to get yet ANOTHER new phone.* the variety of ringtones, or lack thereof, make it somewhat of a marketing scheme to pay for niftier ones.* The flap covering the headset input is difficult to move out of the way.  To talk on the phone in the car, you need to be expecting a call, as you will miss the call by the time you get the flap to stay out of the way so you can plug in your handsfree.* You can't keep the phone on the clip and speak into it.  Both the Samsungs I've had, you have to detach the clip to open the phone.  Very annoying if you have a tendency of leaving things places.* it will tell you that it detects over 5 bars of service, yet say searching for a while, and NOT give you any service* takes a while for the phone to rev up and for you to use it after you get it onGood points are present, also, though:* the reject call button is great* photo caller ID -- brilliant* in class, you can make the phone stop vibrating without even opening the phone, by pressing the side button.* sleek design with nice colors.* picture quality better than some phones* stores a LOT a lot of pix* offers you a lot of options in terms of customization, like icons, fun groups for specific ringtones, different sounds for the keypad, if you activate the folder it makes noises when you open or close the phone* voice recorder is pretty clear, sound quality not bad* rings loudly, though doesn't vibrate and ring at the same time like Nokias do* antenna-less, but its reception is actually not as good as some cheaper phones.I hope this was helpful to you guys out there.  Good luck!

The new Samsung E715 is an excellent phone.  It has great features, such as a Camera, games (golf is the best), downloadable ringtones and browsing abilities, a color display, picture messaging, and a powerful organizer.  The battery life is not extensive, but that shouldn't be an issue for most cell phone users.  Honestly, it's quite simple: charge the phone every night and you'll be FINE, and you can even throw it on a charger at the office so that you ALWAYS have a full battery.  The phone is powerful and sleek, and excellent combination.

I've had the E715 for almost a year now and like some others, the LCD screen is beginning to fade quite a bit and horizontal lines are pretty evident.  Probably will have to take it to a T-Mobile store to check it out since I've heard it's best to take it to the store before sending it back (see reviews for T-Mobile's RAZR).  Also really miss the speakerphone feature since this phone comes without it..

I love the phone simply because it's portable and easy to operate .Though i don't have it personally, but since i saw the phone i fall in love with .If you can send more it nigeria it will be good,i am from nigeria and i know the taste of my country that they will like it very well.So i will appreciate if you can send one to me as one of your well wishers.I will like to read from you,pleas kindly mail on my address,if you grant my request or not.I feel like holding one of it.

I bought the samsung cell phone E715 six months back from amazon site and it is in warranty period , it stopped working and I send that cell phone to service center , after 10 days I got the unrepaired cellphone. when I called the service center they told me we cannt repair this because of Liquid damage.I told them that it is in warranty period as stated on their website and product , but they decline stating that it is because of my misuse.On site they have mentioned 12 month warranty .

This phone is probably the coolest looking phone out there, and there's precious few sacrifices made with it. The internal antenna gives me pertty good reception, for T-mobile (San Diego, CA). The camera is just about the best I've seen in a mobile phone. It has adjustable brightness, and a zoom feature (of questionable quality). The best part is that if you have a laptop or other computer with an infrared port, you can use the free software available on Samsung's website (EasyGPRS) to move pictures off the phone, and upload wallpapers and ringtones to the phone, without paying WAP charges. So far, I've been totally happy with the battery life, but then I'm not snapping pictures three hours a day, or expecting it to go for weeks without recharging. The external display is a blue organic LED, not color. It's not a downside-- the signal strength, clock, and battery icons are always on and lit-- also helps finding your phone in the dark. The main part of the external LED is used for an analog or digital clock which stays on for an adjustable amout of time after closing the phone, and as a grayscale viewfinder for using the camera in self-portrait mode. Photos attached to the caller ID don't show up on the outside, just the text caller ID. Overall, a great little phone for GSM 900/1900 use.Regarding a couple of things I saw in other reviews: Yes, the battery life is short on the first couple of charges. This is mentioned in the manual, and isn't uncommon for Li batteries that have sat around for a couple of months. Just charge it up all the way, run it until the battery warning goes off (sounds like a doorbell chime), charge it up all the way, and you'll be fine.The IR port: it can't talk to other phones or PDAs. It can (and does) work with the IrDA port on a Win2k or WinXP machine, and Samsung's easy GPRS software. You can use it to upload 128x128 pixel images for wallpaper, upload ringtones (I've uploaded a number of .mmf files, all work just fine), and download pictures from the camera to the PC. You can also use it as a modem, letting your computer access the net using the GPRS system-- note that unless you have the unlimited GPRS plan, you'll pay by the MB. Still, kind of nice to be able to check your e-mail from anywhere.Pros:Stylish, lightweight, seems pretty durableExcellent internal and external screensSuper-easy connectivity without shelling out for a data cable (if you have IrDA on your computer)Very customizable ringtones and wallpapersBest phone-camera I've seen so farCons:Slight buzzing noise when using the phone in a very quiet place, nothing majorReception so-so (but that's more T-mobile than the phone, I think)The phone comes with NO decent ringtones, if you don't want a song or the t-mobile jingle, you'll want to download a "normal" ringtone right off the bat. Some of the more annoying ringtones use the three-color LED on the front to make your phone look like a disco. Yech.Not a tri-band, so it can't do GSM 850/1800 regionsDefault settings "out of the box" seem to be designed to annoy you and everyone around you (loud t-mobile jingle ringtone, loud keypad tone, annoying flashing leds indicating service, ugly T-mobile/Catherine Zeta-Jones wallpaper).Everybody wants to play with your phone, which can get annoying ;)

I bought this phone for my wife a month ago, and she really liked it.  It worries me that the past a few reviews are so negative.  But I believe these claims are absolutely true.  My first two samsung phones (SPH-300 and A460 from Sprint) all had display problems before.  The first one lasted 3 years, and the second one only lasted 2 years (Can you believe I am so loyal to Sprint with very very poor receptions?). That's part of the reason that I switched to T-mobile. If the trend keeps, maybe this one will only last less than a year :)Other than this, the phone is really great.  Taking sharp pictures, a lot of memory space, sleek looking outside, the size fitting your hand just about right.

Well for me its far better than my old Samsung V205 when it comes to resolution, its size and memory space. But my problem with this phone are :first, I have to decide whether to you use the holster or the strap - you cant use both - the string knot is right by the holster clip so it will NOT hold well.second, the battery life is very poor! i charged it to the max , and yet the battery life (on stand-by) is ONLY  8-10 hours! : (Solution? I chose  the strap and just bought a back-up battery from Samsung for $32.00.DaSHing@newyork.com

i live in Manhattan and when i go to upstate to visit relatives there is no service... im not saying this phone suxx im just saying the carrier  (t-Mobile) suuux. dont get me wrong as u can see in the pictures this phone is awesome.... the LCD screen is great, the LCD screen outside is awesome and the picture qualities is fantastic. all im sayin is that t-mobile should expand its services thru upstate new york or im canceling this phone....

this is a great phone some of the other people say the battery life is horrible this is not true all you have to do is recharge between 4-5 times and the battery life will be much beter on stand by and when you talk on the phone one thing thats not the best is that the phone does not have a speaker so in the car you cant call anyone without using your hands but its not that big of a deal all you have to do is program your phone with the people you want to call and you can get a headset and just go to the person you want to call and use the headset the last thing is that this phone is the best looking phone ever the motorola phones look so bad and are completly ugly even though the phone is not cheap (and i live in beverly hills) its worth the money so you should go out and buy one

I have to say that I've had this phone for almost a year now and it's the best phone I've ever owned.  I read many reviews before purchasing it stating that the battery life isn't good at all, but I did not find that true.  I use my phone daily, several times a day and the battery holds a charge wonderfully.  I have not been happy with the cell phones I've had in the past (and that has been MANY).  I loved this phone so much that my husband bought one as well.  I wasn't in the market for a camara phone, but this feature proved itself nicely.  Good quality pictures.I give this phone 2 thumbs up!

After waiting a long time to upgrade my old nokia phone I knew it was time when I saw this phone. So far great phone but this phone is not perfect. I'm not going to repeat other reviewers but I will emphasize a few important points to potential buyers:PROs:-Camera holds 500 fine quality 640X320 pics-Camera has great effects features that lets you take Sepia or tinted pictures.-Camera has cool zoom feature and a lot of other practical user features.-No goofy antenna!-Camera Flash is also LCD flash light!-Screen is the best I've seen of all phones in this genre-Phone not as bulky as other camera phones-Good extra features such as outer LCD screen/Signal light/extra camera button/apparent IR port.-Chess game is great!-Solid Build quality (no loose screws or sqeaks).CONS:-IR port is non functional!!!This is my biggest gripe. There is no menu prompt or command for sending pictures via the IR port. In fact there is only &quot;IR PORT ACTIVATE&quot;  in the menu, which does ABSOLUTELY nothing. You can take pictures but you can't transfer them without email or a buying a data cable. Also when you email pictures the quality compresses and looks horrible. I have a feeling if I do buy a data cable it wouldn't work simply because there are no menu commands on the E715 for transfering pictures or files.-Sending Pictures Messages. Pictures compress in quality and look harsher than original when you send or recieve them.-Battery life is not bad but CAN be better.-Keypad is a too flat and keys are indistinct.-Screen layout has annoying T-mobile logo-WallPapers are ugly! (I ended up downloading)-Ring-Tones are horrible! (T-mobile's customer incentive to download better ones)-Phone is slow when turned on (Phonebook takes at least a minute to initialize)-Outer screen is sensitive to cracking (mines cracked already)-Phone needs more accessories (cases, desktop chargers, etc...)-Manual is overly simply and doesn't describe or explain features well. Some features (esp. the camera functions) are entirely excluded.-T-Zone button is sensitive to accidental pressing. (not a big problem except that the browser starts up and takes a long time to exit from before you can do anything else)-The soft whitish rubber bits that cover the earphone hole and where the charger plugs in is prone to tearing off and getting dirty.-Earpiece is very gaudy and the whitish cord is prone to dirt.BOTTON LINE: The E715 is too mainstream to be cool. It lacks Bluetooth, good accessories, a working IR port. This phone is for the average consumer who just want to take pictures, impress friends, make a few calls and download the latest Pop&amp;HipHop songs for ringtones. If you're looking for more, don't expect it here.

This phone is great excect a cpuple of features. The good news is the flash and the picture sizing is beautiful. However, when I pay ove $300.00 I expect all of the features. This phone does NOT have voice dialing and I was very disapointed. I was mis lead by a certain website that it did have this feature. The other feature it doesn't have is a speakerphone. I'm sure this is all a part of marketing but It would be nice to have it all!

The samsung E-715 is the best phone I have ever had. Every day I get comments on its unique look. The battery life is great, but if you constantly use the camera for hours on end it will go down fast, just like any other phone. The size and fact it was not external intenna makes it easy to hold and fits well in the pocket.  One of my favorite features is the multi colored LCD light along with a regular LCD light that acts as a flash and a flash light, and it is pretty strong. The external display is bright and easy to read and display's the caller id and is used in self portrait mode, one that is superior to any other phone I have seen. I also like the camera, with its ability to take black and white, negative and other color modes. The phone also has amble amount of space for storing photos. The only problems I have had is with the EasyGPRS software with transfering thing wirelessly, but that is not the phones fault. I also wish that it had a ring tone that had just a normal ring.All in all the best phone with a great price.

more like 4.5 .i previously had a nokia 3390 and upgraded to this one because it was one of the nicest phones i've ever seen.  First, i wanted a flip phone because i was tired of the whole deal with &quot;locking the keys&quot; to the my phone and having it not work, and accidently calling someone. So i wanted a flip phone. There are cheaper flip phones out there obviously, but i wanted more features.  The camera with the flash was a big plus, and i am a train commuter, so having the games on the phone is a good way to pass the time when i don't feel like reading. I also liked the organizer too. Anything else about the phone was an added plus. that i didn't know i wanted till i got it.I am very happy with my phone, but there are a few things that would have maded it the greatest phone out there.1. The phone can make pictures look red when taking pictures that are not in natural light.  However i found a way to remedy this.  If you have a lightsource that is white nearby, quickly point your camera toward it before taking pictures, and it will get rid of the redness. You can also quickly just hold it up against anything else white.  For those familiar with film, this is called a &quot;white balance&quot;. Kind of annoying but this is a cell phone not a digital camera2. There are features that this phone has that the manual does not tell you about, for example taking a picture of yourself, or even taking a picture of yourself with a flash.3. The picture quality is nothing great. I wasn't expecting great anyways, but if you don't have a camera at the spur of a moment, this will do.4. The flash has a very limited range, but at least it has one.  I've only found the flash useful for taking close up pictures.5.  The zoom gets pixely when you zoom too close.6.  If you get the t-zones, for some reason you can't download games through them (but i have downloaded games from other wap sites) and they have not set up the &quot;My Journal&quot; portion of the wap, which is supposed to let you post pictures to the web.Everything else is top notch as far as cell phones go right now.  They give you a GOOD hands free set(my nokia one had problems with people hearing me so i had to hold the mic up to my mouth defeating the purpose)and they give you a belt clip which i use all the time.  I also love the fact that the external display is always on. Although it doesn't have voice dialing I don't care about it because i use speed dialing.I would also recommend getting the data cable for the phone because it is stupid to have to email yourself pictures. I got mine with the GRPS disc off the internet for 25 bucks. I've seen it for as much as 90 dollars. So if you are willing to deal out the cash, this phone will meet all your expectations. I highly recommend it.

I purchased this cell phone because it was the newest on the market for Dec. '03. I know that better phones will come out next month, but for now, its seems to have a great technical boost in past cellular phones.  The camera has a zoom feature, flash, and borders.  The menu displays are in great colors and are easily navigated.  The one minus I found with the phone is that it does not record the times of missed calls. So far the battery life is working good for me; I charge the phone every two days. I think this is due to talking on the phone alot as well as fiddling with all the display options.  I found that adjusting the ring tone is not the same tone the phone will make when it actually rings.  This is due to the speaker inside of the clam shell. From using Nokia, Motorola, and Siemens phones, I found that they are all pretty much the same.  One brand is not necesarily better than then next. I wouldn't pay full price for the phone. But with rebates, it's a steal.

First a note about T-Mobile's customer service: it's fantastic - the best bar none; responsive, never argumentative and always helpful. Unfortunately this phone gave me the opportunity to get to know that department a little too well, but at least the experience wasn't unpleasant.Back to the phone itself, the internal antenna leaves much to be desired. I wouldn't recommend the e715 to anyone who isn't always in an area that has very heavy cell coverage. My husband and daughter have two different model Nokia phones and both have internal antennas but yet they both manage to keep calls longer and make calls in areas where the e715 can't pick up signal. Don't get me wrong there are pros for this phone:- very lightweight weighing in at 3.0 oz- compact size fits almost anywhere- easy to read external display- large, vibrant internal color display- 640x480 resolution camera w/ lots of extras like framing, sepia, b&w;, etc- fairly intuitive, easy to use interface, however I have to warn any Nokia users, it is significantly different and takes some getting used to.The one very large con is the poor reception and lets face it, you can put as many bells and whistles as you want on this thing, its main purpose is still a communication. No signal = no communication = funky gadget but a bad phone.

I have this phone for the past 3 months and am very very happy with the deal I got. The phone has great features. Apart from all the basic features, it is a great camera phone. I brought this phone not only for its looks but mainly for its camera. Lotz of options like zoom, contrast and brightness enhancement, multishot (a very useful one for clicking photos on the go). The best thing is the photo quality and the photo size (starting from 128X120 to standard 640X480).Drawbacks are:1) It takes a couple of seconds for the required feature to get initialized.2) The screen is smaller than some other camera phones.3) In the silent mode, sometimes, even after the call ends the vibration persists.Apart from these minor things it is a class apart from all in its category and the lightest camera phone I have ever seen or used

Just about every year near chrismas time I get a new phone.  The reason?  Because that is when my one year contract is over, meaning I can just open up a new account and get a new phone for a good price.  I do need to copy my contact over from the previous phones but SIM cards allow me to do that fairly easily.This year I got the E715.  For comparison purposes I will include two phones which I purchased last year (S105 and Nokia 6610), plus my friend's phone Sony Ericsson T610 which I used for some time after my S105 was stolen.Sound Quality - The most important function of a phone is to talk.  The Sound Quality for the E715 is pretty good.  IMO the Nokia 6610 sounds slightly better, but this could be because I am used to the 6610 for the last few months.  The sound quality for this phone and the S105 are similar.  The SE T610 sounds the worst IMO but the difference between all these phones are very little, they all sound good.Reception - In my room where the reception is not so good again the Nokia 6610 comes out on top.  Unlike the S105 the E715 has an internal antenna whose performance is about the same as the S105.  The T610's reception is about the same as the E715.  Ultimately phone receptions has more to do with carriers than the phones themselves, so buyers please check coverage area first.  Tmobile is not the best carrier for those who live outside of large cities.Design - The E715 wins hands down.  Both the T610 and 6610 are bar style phones while the E715 and S105 are flip phones.  For the bar style phones I need to lock up the keys all the time (so if I accidently hit the keys nothing will happen)  which can be a pain.  Also the screen gets scratched easily for the bar type phones.  The E715 looks pretty good and has a very cool front LCD display.  If you hold down to the camera button on the side the front LCD can show you what your digital camera displays.  That is a cool function if you want to take pictures of yourself.Camera - Here is the main attraction of this phone over the older generation phones.  The T610 is another phone which I'ved used the camera with.  If you set the picture qualities at the highest resolution the pictures which the E715 can take are great.  There are other built in features in the E715 such as multiple shots, flash, zoom, and about 4-5 neat effects such as grey and brown (turns color pictures taken into grey/brown), sketch, negative, etc.  You can store 4MB pictures, which should be enough to store around 130 normal quality pictures and 20-30 pictures at the highest resolution.  The T610's camera does not come lose to this one.  Be warned though: Those who have good digital cameras will be disappointed at the picture quality of the E715 still.  The E715 is after all, a phone, and not a camera.Features -  Phones get sold on bells and whistles.  The E715 adds a lot more features to the S105.  The E715 has now 40 chords for ringtones, meaning the ring tones now sound MUCH better.  The S105 has 16 tones, the 6610 has 20, while the T610 I believe has also 40 chords (I am not sure on this one).  The T610 has a built in Melody composer which allows the user to compose their own music.  I don't know anyone who uses this feature but I am sure someone will try.  The E715 comes with 4 games and 2 of them (chess and golf) are actually fun to play.  The T610 has one good game (mini golf) while the S105 has a fun blowing game.  The 6610 has the worst games but makes it up with a useful converter application which converts different currencies and metric systems into the english system (useful for international travelling).  While the S105/6610/T610 are tri band the E715 is a duel band.  For those who do not travel internationally this is a non-issue but for those who do the E715 will probably have issues at some places.With the camera phone function and more sophisticated ringtones it is important to have a good software which allows you to transfer pictures/ringtones/calenders easily from your phone to your PC.  This can save you alot of money as internet usage on cell phones are slow and pricy.  Samsung USA has by far the worst support on this aspect.  While the T610 has bluetooth and the 6610's PC Suite could be easily found, for the E715 you will need to go to Samsung's european site and download an app called Easy GPRS.  In order to get the IrDa (infra red) function to work you will further need to download another 3rd party program which will assign a COM port from your PC to the infra red drive.  Even after going through all this trouble I still cannot upload wall papers from the PC to the phone correctly.  I heard that you will need to download yet another app called Easy Suite or something like that.  *12/24 update* Easy Studio does not work with E715, it only works with E700 (euro version of the E715).  EasyGPRS can upload pictures and download pictures between the pc and E715.  However you can only upload 128x128 resolution pics less than 32k in size from your PC to your phone.  You are able to download any pics from your phone to your PC.One feature which the 6610 has which I use often is speaker phone.  I don't know why but Samsung simply refuse to add such a useful feature.  I know that I can use the ear piece for handsfree talking but I dont carry the ear piece with me all the time.Finally, the batteries on the E715 wears out the fastest.  For me the battery has been lasting around 2 days with moderate usage.  IMO the phone will not last more than 4 days on standby.  The T610 and the 6610's batteries lasts at least 30% longer.

This phone is amazing. Recieved it for a gift for the holidays. Polyphonic ringtones, digital camera, e-mail, text messaging, internet access, clear  reception, calculator, currency converter, clock, alarm, to do list creater, photo caller id...literally a computer in a small package. Technology but in an easy to use manner. LOVE this phone. Reccomend it to people of all ages.

There is no way to adjust the screen brightness on this phone. My screen is so bright it is impossible to see photos I've stored on the phone, and I cant see numbers in the address book once they're highlighted by the cursor. Forget about trying to use the phone in the sunshine! I have a lot of complaints, but I'll move on to the major one: the reception is terrible! I have always used Nokia phones, and I'll go back. I was just tempted by the gizmos on this phone. I thought a flip phone would be more durable, but it seems so cheeply constructed, and you can still scratch the camera lens by putting it in your pocket, so you might as well get whatever phone you like and just get a case if you care. Frankly I'm just going to chuck this phone. It has made me crazy. On the flip side, when it was new it was pretty cool for a while...

Yo this phone is TIGHT! Really, its mad nice. It looks mad ghetto and it has an Internet and you can get all these tight ringtones WITH WORDS in like all songs like Drop It Like It's Hot and 1,2,Step. It also has a camera on it (many phones do it aint dat special anymore). Jus look at it; its mad ghetto... da only phone dats more fly are da T Mobile Sidekicks and dat new Cingular Razor Phone... aiight many phones but this 1 is really tight but its kinda old (it came out in da summer), and alot of new phones were made but dis 1 is still real nice. *Kinda expensive though*

I bought the E715 about 5 days ago(April 19) and i turn on the phone without a problem no big deal..about 45 minutes after turn on 1 battery mark is gone, another hour another one is gone and it takes about an easy 3 hours for the phone to start flashing(LOW BaTT) the other problem i have faced was the camera being alot worse then the V205. The T722i by motorola is horrible! no service Camera stinks! i could draw a picture better then that but the camera on the E715 dims in and out and shows loss of perfection. but other then that I found the AOL I.M built in to be a great feature as well as all of the pictures and everything else..if your willing to bare with the camera and battery then i recommmend this phone but if your looking for a small light weight phone with a camera than go with the V300

I've had this phone for almost a year, and I can't wait for my contract to be up so I can get a different phone.  It sure looks cool, but it's performance doesn't keep up.Perhaps the most annoying thing about this phone is that it has a camera button on the side of the phone that regularly goes off in my pocket.  Not only does it take black pictures of my pocket, but it makes a loud shutter noise.  If it ever happened around any women I didn't know, I'd probably get a lot of strange looks, and/or a slap across the face.The user interface isn't very user-friendly either, and it's a pain to look up a number without dialing it, and there are only 9 speed dial slots.I like that it lets you store multiple numbers for each contact, but you can only have ONE number for each contact set to speed dial, and it does not tell you which number you called after you press the dial button.  Not a big deal, but sometimes annoying if you are unsure if you selected someone's work or home entry, and all it says on the screen is their name with some dumb animation of glowing balls floating on water(?!)Lastly the display gave out on my last month.  It's washed out and hard to see contrast.  You can still see if you tilt it to a certain angle, and I am debating whether i want to bother with exchanging it under my equipment protection plan.Love the design of Samsung phones, and was happy with my previous Samsung, but I am not sure if I will get another one now.  definitely not without trying it in a store first.

The E715 Phone is a good (B+) phone overall for the money that you will spend. I recomend that you purchase the phone from Amazon and save some $$$. The FREE shipping is faster than you may expect. I recieved my phone in 7 days (business M-F). The phone was shipped via UPS.The PROS:1)The E715 along with T-Mobile offer EXCELENT customer service - you may have to be on hold... for half your life, but the service rep. WILL attempt to HONESTLY solve the problem. 2) The E715 has NO external antenna. At first glance seems to be a bad idea... however the service reciption in the San Francisco Bay Area is EXCELENT (East Bay). 90% of the time the E715 has all service bars lit. I have never dropped a call yet... well I did drop a call but it was my Ex-Girlfriend... lets just say the call was "oddly" ended. 3) The battery life on the E715 is good provided that you restrain from constant menu surfing and pictures. Under SEVERE heavy use the E715 will die in about 2 days (48 hours) on a 3 hour charge. 4) If you like menus, then your in for a treat... Thank goodness they are relatively simple for the modest computer user. 5) The E715 has a cool service light (7 color - one color or disco inferno like rotations) and a bright LED light/flash. 6)The E715 has 1000 number memory and 200 number sim memory. 7)The screen is bright!... at night... avoid sun. 8)The volume of the ringer and calls are LOUD. 8)The external screen is NOT COLOR... however I find the numbers, icons and symbols that appear are VERY CLEAR; compared to color screens that are SO small you cant read the numbers... MUCH better on the eyes.The CONS:1) The pictures that you capture on the E715 are pasted onto the menu screen in DVD 16:9 box with voids on the top and bottom... this can be ugly. 2)The 7 color service light CAN NOT identify who is calling... Example EX = RED! MOM = GREEN!. 3)The included ringtones are the worst songs EVER! you have 25 included - be perpared to download or listen to the T-Mobile chime for a LONG TIME. 4)The LIGHTS (service and LED/flash)and external caller ID are so bright, if they are on in a dark bedroom you will not get any sleep! - I find that I gave to turn the E715 upside down on a pillow to avoid the icons/time that always remain lit.5)The E715 camera can turn out some undesirable pictures if you are not close to the object (within 3 to 5 feet).Conclusion: If you want a GOOD (B+) phone for the money - choose the Samsung E715 and plan from Amazon. If you go to a T-Mobile store they will not be able to offer the same price with the "special offers" offered here at Amazon.If you like this phone and you have DEEP non-college pockets unlike me!(SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY and LSU) and want a GREAT phone I recomend the Moto V600 (A+) and a plan from here on Amazon... Its good to WAIT the price will DROP!

This phone is absolutely fantastic.  Let me tell you why.  I have had many, many cell phones.  Let me put them in chronological order: Nokia 5100, Motorola StarTac (analog then digital), Motorola TimePort, Motorola v60c, Motorola v60i, Motorola v70, Samsung s105, Motorola t720i, Motorola t722, Samsung v205, Nokia 3650, went back to the Samsung v205, Motorola MPX 200, then the Samsung e715.  I have had Verizon CDMA, Cingular TDMA, AT&amp;T GSM and T-Mobile GSM.  This is all in a span of 3 1/2 years.  All in all, the Samsung e715 has been the best ALL AROUND phone.  Yeah granted some of the phones had one or two better features then another, but for the price (especially through Amazon) you CANNOT beat it.  Let's face it, there never has been and never will be a perfect cell phone that will please everybody, but take it from a cell phone guru, this one comes pretty close.  People, lets remember service provider coverage is everything.  If T-Mobile does not have good coverage in your area then of course you are not going to get clear reception out of ANY phone that you purchase.Bottom line, if you are planning on signing up with T-Mobile and you want an incredible flip phone, this is the way to go, hands down.

The Samsung E715 seems to have both VERY positive and VERY negative reviews... but I think this cellphone is excellent EXECPT for the battery life. Here's a list of some Pros and Cons I could come up with...PROS :- Small and lightweight: If you're someone who needs to carry around just the cellphone and not a huge bag, this phone is great. It easily fits in the palm of your hand and can fit in a jeans pocket with ease.- Exquisite design: Although not a trendy phone, this cell is in a class all by itself. With no external antennae, the shape is VERY sleek and slick.- External LCD: This is an EXCELLENT feature. The current time, signal strength, and battery life are all in a gorgeous aqua-blue color against a black background. It stays lit all the time, which is especially helpful when trying to find your phone in a movie theatre or walking somewhere at night.- Camera: I suppose many people think that if there's going to be a camera on a cellphone, it has to be absolutely superb. Well first of all... it's a PHONE. Although this feature takes clearer pictures than many other camera phones, don't expect the results to rival those of a digital camera. I would suggest merely using the camera for fun, rather than relying on it for important pictures.- Reception: This certainly depends on where you live and what carrier you're with (I'm with T-mobile). I get excellent reception all the time - and by excellent, I mean that all 6 bars are right beside the signal strength icon. Just think about where you live and make your decision based on how other people have fared.CONS :- Battery life: I've owned a Nokia before and I can honestly say that the Samsung E715's battery life can't even compare to it. I could go for days without charging the Nokia, but with the E715, I need to recharge it every two days or so. If you disable the colored service light, I find that it helps the battery stay fuller longer.- Phone-book Access: When I turn the phone on and want to make a call right away, I find that I have to wait several minutes before I can access the phone book. It can get very annoying, but I've learned to deal with it by turning the phone on way in advance before planning to make any calls. That way, easy access is not even a question.The Samsung E715 is a great phone, with a few minor (in my opinion) points that certainly don't weigh out the good points. And the most important thing about a cellphone is it's ability to make and receive calls... and with the E715, you get superb results.

The phone has a good and intuitive user interface, and lots of cool features. One of the features that drew me to it was the front LCD panel. Unfortunately, when taking pictures using the front LCD the images are mirrored. T-Mobile told me to suck it up. Another flaw is that if the time format is changed to 24h instead of 12h the setting will be reset if the phone is turned off. The third, and most annoying flaw, is that some WAP sites apparently cause the phone to restart. Except for these flaws, though, it is a lovely phone, and I would recommend it, even for other former die-hard Nokia fans.

This phone is amazingly small and light for a camera phone; it even has a flashlight/flash. Problems the phone has that I find to be a real problem: 1. The battery life is the worst of any phone I've ever owned. It MAY last 2 to 3 days in stand by IF I don't use it at all; if I use the phone at all, even just 10 minutes, no more than one day on a full charge. 2. No voice activated dialing. I like to use a speaker type hands free kit in the car so I don't have to look at the phone to answer, talk or dial. I think all phones should have it. 3. It is not very user friendly. The menus are not logical and are confusing. 4. It has an IR but it doesn't sync with your computer. You can't transfer anything. I don't get why they even have it. They have software and cable you can purchase that will let you backup the phone numbers you enter and photos you take, but (5) no syncing with Outlook, your PDA or anything else. 6. If you buy ring tones or wallpaper, you can't back those up.I do love the phone for its size, weight and even the color, I find it easy to hold and talk with. The sound isn't the best, but it isn't bad either. It rings nice and loud and putting it on vibrate is easy. I can't put the phone in a standard cell phone holder for the car because the camera button is on the side and it's a long key, the holder makes the camera come on. I had to get a small holder that only grabs in one small area on each side. I've had to purchased 3 additional batteries and every kind of charger available because the average use of a battery is 15 hours (regular phone use for me is: about 10 minutes a day, use the &quot;t-zones&quot; for a minute or two once a month, in 6 months I've taken a total of 9 photos, and transferred data twice). The battery lasted 3 days ONCE, when I was home sick and didn't use the phone and one 24 hour day I had to replace the battery three times as they completely discharged. I'm use to a battery lasting 5 to 8 days (like this phone says it will last).I also like T-Mobile. Their customer service is really good, the features they offer on their web site are great, the prices for wireless modem and wireless web are incredibility great and the national calling price plans are very good compared to what I?ve seen elsewhere. I was with AT&amp;T since they bought out L.A. Cellular. The customer service was great for years, but got so bad I?d wait on hold for hours and couldn?t get through to a person for days.

Main problem that I faced with this is, it automatically deletes some or all of the phone book entries and ringtones. It also automatically switches off. I had it replaced with another E715. But facing the same problem with this one too. I guess many others are facing the same problem with this.

I have owned three of these phones for more than a year and two of them live on a construction job site with form diggers. They get scratched, muddy, concreted, and sometimes wet, and despite some heavy scratches on two of them here and there. They work perfectly and the flip hasnt loosened a bit. They taken some good bangs and falls as well. Excellent reception, good camera system, and all around good phone.Samsung just makes the best phone products out there. I had the S105 before this and still the best phones on the market.

I had the Samsung V205 and then I decided to try the E715 out. FYI to people with battery problems, with these kind of batteries, you must let it drain completely and then charge it.. kind of like building up your battery life and doing this a few times, it will improve your battery life immensely. I've been a T-Mobile customer for a while now and I stay with them because: 1) They are now no. 1 in customer service, 2) Great rate plans, 3) It works great where I need it the most!Now the additional features that the V205 didn't have that this little gadget has is:1) Caller ID pics.. although you won't be able to see it on the external display, when you flip it open, you'll see that person's face.2) The camera now has a flash as well as a zoom. And with that, it is able to take pictures in gray (black and white), negative, sepia, and sketch. Also, you can do multi-shot with this as well as put lots of different kind of frames to your pictures.3)You can download games with the E715 whereas you cannot do so with the v205. Furthermore, the games are actually java with E7154) The flash can also serve as a flashlight. Which is quite useful sometimes when you don't know where you're walking and the light is pretty bright.5) Voice memo.. nuf saidOtherwise, it has the usual features. It has an alarm, calculator, calendar, to do list, MMS, SMS, you can download ringtones (which is a big help since some of the ringtones sound pretty crappy), as well as games and pictures. Pretty much all the usual stuff is in this phone.. except you won't find bluetooth on this.Another thing is that the external display is like a blue-green thing against a black background.. which is pretty cool since you won't have to press a button just to see the time... it's always lit up so you can see it well. Also, the pictures that you can take by lookin at the external display will be a bluish-green color but when it's saved, and you look at it, it's in full color so no worries there.Overall, I have enjoyed this phone and no problems with it really. Another great thing is that it doesn't have an annoying external antenna to get in the way so it's a good buy.

I have had this phone for about 2 years and have never had any problems with it.  It has NEVER deleted any entries or turned off "by itself."  All of the pictures that I have taken have turned out great.  The battery life is excellent as well, I only have to charge it about once a week.

This is a great phone and amazingly stylish. It is light weight and probably the only flip phone with no antenna. It has excellent camera features ... zoom, flash, multi shot capabilities, framing capabilities and so on. The picture quality is also good. Samsung has a data sync software using which it is easy to keep a back up of your numbers in ur computer. The menu is easy and straight forward. I had it for a whole year and never ran into any problem. Lot of people have complained about battery life ... but, actually I never had any problems. I charge it once every two days. It gets drained fast only if you use the camera and flash feature. But then thats what happens even in digital cameras ... flash suck up battery. The only con, I could think of is that its IR does not work with other competing brands. But it works fine with my laptop's IR. Or you can use data cable instead. Yeah, another con is that the keys are placed very close to each other. So if u have really large fingers, then it may be little difficult to dial. But overall its a great phone.

This phone has it all. My friends simply can't keeps their hands off this phone, seems like they just wanna baby it all the time. Amazon did come up with what i call "A Good Deal" on this phone. Cool camera function, high resolution color screen, analog watch on front display,cool wallpapers, and many more features. You guys need to check out its display settings, they simply rock. If someone is looking for cellphone which can be flaunted around, Samsung E715 is what you should go for. Goahead and get it, you'll love it. Voice dialing is the only feature i miss in this phone. Gotta be modest. Thanks

No problem with phone, it works great.If you are thinking about buying more than 1 phone from Amazon then switching to family plan as they suggest you can do, beware the following:Amazon claims it doesn't matter which plan you purchase at checkout since you will be switching it to family plan when you get your phones. Not true.T-Mobile starts your account on the day they get the activation request from Amazon. In my case, they started my plan on September 9 and I didn't even get the phones delivered until 9/14. I activated my phones when I received them and switched immediately to the family plan, no problem. BUT I had to pay pro-rated fees for the plans I purchased with the phone from 9/9 to 9/14. This amounted to $6.67 per phone - PLUS I was hit with all the state and federal fees for those pro-rated plans in addition to paying them for the family talk plan.So when Amazon says it doesn't matter what plan you pick if you are going to switch to family talk plans, they don't know what they are talking about.

I have had this phone for over two years.  It's been dropped many times, jossled in damp bags while sailing, and nearly lost in deep sand.... but this champ still ticks.  No problems at all with screen display, battery run time, nor lost info.  The best feature is definitley the self portrait mode.... rather we use it to photograph several people together and no one gets left out.  The outer LED greyscale display clearly shows who is in, or out of the picture so it's a snap to properly frame every shot.  There is also a great undocumented feature that i use quite often.  by holding down the side selection button for a few seconds, the LED white light will fire up making this one of the handiest flashlights around.  I usually change phones every year.. however, i have not found another phone with these two unique features...so i am keeping this phone till it finally dies.

I was looking at some of the reviews on here and wanted to clear some things up:You CAN set different rings for different users.  You can also set different graphics to display on the front screen when they call.  Simply go to the Caller Groups/Friends list in  Phonebook, and set your preferences there.The fact that the phone doesn't set the timezones automatically is a wonderful feature for me.  I can choose exactly what time I would like to have.  For instance, I can set the clock ten minutes ahead, as I hate being late.The ringtones don't really bother me.I get wonderful reception.I am often drawn to aesthetically pleasing devices, and this is one of them. The light indicator in front is a great feature.  You can also mess with that so it changes for different modes.The zoom on the camera is O.K.The flash is wonderful.  Love the voice memo function too.I've dropped the phone on numerous occasions due to clumsiness and it's just fine.  (Phew)The flash also serves as a flashlight that stays on for about 15-25 seconds.  Great when trying to find your way in the dark, or keys...I do wish there was video on this phone.Is it too much to say that overall, I love this phone?

This phone was, when I bought it in Dec 2003, relatively full-featured compared to other phones on the market. It has a camera, you can download ring tones (in a proprietary format or common MIDI), and it has a rich graphical interface. One of the first things I did was take a picture of a painting I liked and set that as the background image on the color inside screen.It has some other nifty features, such as an actual dot matrix monochrome LCD for the outer display (underneath the fixed-format LCD that displays the time, signal strength, battery charge, etc). You can use this to take pictures without having to open the phone, and it lets you take pictures toward yourself and actually see what the picture will look like.However, I found the phone to be a bit lacking in day-to-day usability.For one thing, after you power it on, there's a "booting" period during which some of the phone's key features (such as the phone book) are unavailable. You can't quickly look up someone's phone number unless your phone has already been on for a few minutes.When you make a call, the phone's display and keypad backlighting turn off after about ten seconds. There is no way to disable this feature. It makes it very inconvenient to use when you have to punch numbers in after the call has connected (such as a voice mail password or extension), since you can no longer see the keypad. You can hit one of the buttons on the side (either the volume control or the "camera shutter release" button) and the backlight switches back on for ten seconds, but I think it would be much more usable if the backlight on the keypad simply remained on during the call. I originally thought that they might be trying to save battery life, but the backlight and LCD display remain lit indefinitely when you are not on a call.The phone does not automatically set the time. You have to choose your time zone, and enter the time manually. My Motorola Star-Tac from 1998 would automatically set the time, I do not see why this phone from 2003 does not have this feature. I flew from Seattle, WA, to Columbus, OH, and my phone still displayed the time back in Seattle. When I had my Star-Tac, I would use it to set clocks or to set my watch, since it was synchronized by the cell network and always had accurate time. With the Samsung e715, it becomes yet another device for whose time setting you, as the user, become responsible.The voice mail notification is done via text messaging. I am not sure if this is unique to this phone or is something T-Mobile does, but it inserts an additional step in the process of checking voice mail (edit - see below). First, you receive a text notification that you have a new voice mail. You have to manually delete this (complete with Are You Sure? every time). Next, you dial in to the voice mail system to fetch the message. My Star-Tac had a much more intuitive interface. You see the voice mail notification icon, and you dial into the service and check your messages. After doing so, the icon disappears. With the Samsung and T-Mobile, the icon bears no relationship to whether you actually have new messages or not. If you forgot to delete the "new voice mail waiting" text message, you might think you have new messages the next time you check your text message inbox. (edit - this is no longer the case. T-Mobile has changed their voicemail software and it now has behavior similar to what I described for the Star-Tac)Despite all these problems, it does have some saving graces. It is very small, with no external antenna (this does cause some minor signal-strength problems inside buildings), which allows it to fit easily into almost any type of pocket. The display is bright and easy to read, and the battery life is excellent (I've made calls lasting over four hours and still had well over half the battery charge left).If you are looking for a phone with some cool toys, that's small enough to fit in your pocket comfortably, and has enough battery life to let you play with it for days between charges, then this phone might be good for you. If you're looking for a day-to-day phone that makes it easy to do common phone-related tasks, this is probably not the right phone.

I got this phone to replace my earlier Samsung E105. I decided to go for a Samsung since I was really please with the E105, but the E715 is not as good1) Battery life is not as good (maybe because the LCD panel in the 105 was replaced with a LED panel to make it prettier)2) Reception is bad - I get just one bar or none when its overcast.On the brighter side:1) Small and light2) Looks great

I have had this phone for 8 months.  It worked well for about two weeks then it started having trouble connecting.  I was forced to power down the phone and bring it back up again for almost every call.  T-Mobil replaced it, the replacement was good for about 6 weeks, then it too started doing the same thing.  I was annoyed, and did not want to go through the hassle of returning it, so I decided to deal with the problem.  In the last week, it has started to not receive calls until after a restart, this, I can't deal with.  I am once again replacing the phone.  While waiting for the new one to arrive, my screen started to go ( horizontal bands )  This seems to be a common problem for others with this phone also, It's very hard to read and has to be held at a sharp angle in low light to even see the phone book names as you scroll through.Do yourself a favor, pick something else.  I don't want this phone anymore, but I would feel way to guilty trying to unload it on someone on e-bay.  It may make a good backup 911 only phone for someone, but that's about all it would be good for.  You' have been warned.

i upgraded recently from the samsung v205 and i was pleased with this new phone. it's compact and light frame felt solid in my hands. never at one time did i feel like i was going to accidently drop it. the two-tone finish is slick and the bright color screen is eye candy. the phone's intenna is actually an improvement over the v205's external. it seems i can hold signals better in the same area i had trouble with using the v205.the thing that i love about this phone is the camera. such a big improvement over the v205. not only does it have a flash and zoom, it seems the pictures just come out clearer. you can even use the pictures you take as caller id.my only complaints with the phone are: no voice dialing, crappy selection of installed ringtones, not being able to use pictures sent to you as caller id, and you can't mute the camera shutter when you take pictures.a good choice for a compact phone that has a great camera. hopefully the next camera phone samsung comes out with has voice dialing.

This phone has lots of bells & whistles, but lacks the most essential feature needed in a cell phone: clear reception. Callers can not hear me despite many signal bars. This is not reflective of the network, because if my SIM card is used in another phone, reception is crystal clear. I returned the first E715 due to this problem, and the second one is equally poor. Also, if talking for a long period of time, this phone spontaneously disconnects. I would NOT recommend it to anyone!

I purchased this phone a little over a year ago and returned it to T-Mobile 5 times for replacement phones.  The major problem is with the screen.  Eventually, white horizontal lines will appear on the screen.  When i talked to customer service at T-Mobile they say that this is NOT a known problem and are able to send out a replacement phone.  I can't understand how this is not a known problem when I have had 5 bad phones.  Am I just unlucky to have received 5 out of the 5 bad phones that Samsung produced?  The second problem is that the phone will turn off at random.  I have begun to constantly look at the display of my phone to see that it is turned on and working properly.  Again, I called TMobile to complain about this and apparently this is a known problem and are willing to again send me out a replacement phone.  Other than that the reception is horrible on the phone unless I am outside of my house or business.  Overall I wish I never bought this phone!  And sometimes wish I had never switched to TMobile.  Their customer service is horrible and they are more than willing to send out this same replacement crappy phone over and over.  But, they are not willing to contact Samsung and have Samsung take responsibility and force them to do a product recall.  TMobile wants me to spend mopre money so I can buy another phone and pay almost retail price for a comparable phone.  They will not give me a price break on a comparable phone with features that are really comparable.  Over all I would rate this 0 stars and would look for a different model or different brand.

this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen. i've owned it for a year and it started to have the same display problem ( like many other customers of the e715).... and after exchanging the phone with t-mobile, the display is fine but the phone started to give queer ringtone sounds. the ringtone is singing very very fast and its such a pain to hear your phone ring!!!!! my first phone had problem with the phone book also!! it would delete the phone book entries stored to the phone overnight. initially i thought it was coz of over charging, but it was going on every couple of weeks and i had to call t-mobile to replace my phone. the picture quality is dreadfully poor... no individual ringtone can be given to each number but has a group ringtone option ( which is sick to have... no individual option but a group option... "r u using ur brains SAMSUNG engineers....").. no option of saving the pictures to the simcard...( it was painful to lose all my 100 odd pics when i had to return my phone for exchange and i lost interest in taking pics anymore after i got the exchange phone). i called t-mobile to make my 2nd exchange. my friend also had the same problems as i had and i would strongly recommend t-mobile to discontinue issuing this model any more and pray god to give the Samsung engineers useful brains to think better and make better phones!!!!!!

I had this phone for roughly 3 months before giving it away. I had a very hard time changing from my Nokia 3650 to this phone. I was highly disappointed that it did not have speakerphone or voice dialing capabilities... not to mention bluetooth. Although I spent more for this phone than my friend did for their Motorola v.300, I begged her to trade me... and offerred to give her $50 in addition! I ended up going back to my old phone, which is almost 2 years old... but a much nicer handset. The battery life is highly unacceptable. I will admit the design of the phone is nice, as is the lcd. Very crisp and clear lcd screen. The pictures LOOK alright on the lcd... but just try to email them, and prepare for disappointment. they are even grainier than the photos I took on my Sonyericsson T300! I know it was not just my particular handset either, for I had to do 3 handset exchanges on it before I gave up for varying reasons... 2 of the phones would get staticky audio after I was on a call for 15 mins or so. In the end, I do NOT recommend this phone... get the v.600 instead. (or in my case, a nokia phone)

I think Samsung has done a great job! I bought the phone 3 days ago and very impressed about the features built into this tiny little clamshell.If you are looking for a flip phone. It's the best you can buy.

I recently purchased the Samsung e715 cell phone.  I was very impressed with the size, flip phone features and camera features.  The phone did not hold a charge properly and dropped calls at will.  T-Mobile referred me to Samsung and after several attempts over a few weeks I gave up on getting through to anyone at Samsung.  T-Mobile finally sent me a new battery which did not help, so they have replaced the phone.  The service is not great in some areas, and according to T-Mobile that may be due to the internal attennae.  The phone also gets quite warm very quickly when in use.  Not my best purchase....

well again this is a great phone i like the fron lcd display when you hold the button in the side down it first show eather your analog clock or date and day then if you have missed calls it shows when preesd second time and if you hold it down the flash comes on as long as you pres it again to turn of or you put the 15,30 or 60 second in the lcd display if is dark enough their is your flash light and mention before can take pictures with the front close,reseption is very good has never let me down yes the voice dial or speaker phone is  soemthing missing well i use my head set that the phone borught think is pretty need and i use my speed dial so not a problm think that the group dial is great when you can put some one else with different ringtones taht the regular and some logos to pop up in the front lcd pictuers if you use the super fine and vga640 *480 with the flash quality is going to be great rigth now im having some trouble with my t-zone but is not the phone is the service pretty good service customer service is very nice great plans better than cingular such i was fet up with their plains service and signal, still believe that samsung e715 is a great phone if planing to get a phone

I got this phone when it first came out after reading all the good review about the phone.  After less than a year of use the display screen is fading and I could barely see what is on the screen.  Now I see that other people are having the same problem and it not my fault but the malfunction of the phone.

i bought this cellphone about 3 months ago and it has been very satistying. the appereances of the phone is very slick and elegant. many tones and features behind it too. it simply the best and it can't get any better than this. some people complains about the battery which until now, i never experience the short-time battery life whatsoever and i use it 24/7.the camera was simply fabulous. it has zoom, flash light, what else do you want? Samsung really take its level to the point where customer wants it. Good job!

I BUT THE PHONE A COUPLE OF DAYS AGO SO FAR I LIKE THE PHONE HOW EVER I HAVENT DISCOVER ALL THE FITURES BUT I BELIEVE I DOSENT HAVE A VOICE CALL WERE YOU SD THE NAME AND IT DIALS THE PHONE,AND AS WELL I BELIEVE THE CAMERA THE FLASH AND QUALITY IS NOT AS GOOD AS I TOD WILL BE,BUT IS A VERY NICE PHONE WITH NICE FITURES PRETTY HAPPY WITH IT SO FAR

I've used the E715 for almost a year now an I'm not so happy with it. Although the phone looks cool and sexy, underneath the hood the phone has some serious design flaws. The first and major issue is scan lines on the LCD display. After a period of use the LCD contrast increases and scan lines appear on the display. If proper precautions are not taken the display will slowly wash out and the user can see nothing. I've had two replacements from TMobile in the past 10 mnths due to scan lines. My brother's E715 LCD washed out completely.Some say these scan lines are due to the use of generic desktop/car chargers but I never used any. Others say placing the mobile near sources of strong magnetic radiations like TV, PC monitor etc can cause these lines. But nobody is sure (Refer to HowardForums.com under the Samsung forum.)Another issue is the initialization time. Once the phone is powered on it takes at least 5 mins to initialize the phone book. This delay is unacceptable. Battery life is also not that great compared to the NOKIAs out there.If you carry the phone in your jean pocket, the external camera button activates and takes blank pictures without your knowledge. This drains battery too. Samsung should provide some kind of lock to disable this accidental activation.On the plus side reception on this phone is good (although T Mobile coverage is spotty) Having an IR port makes it easy to upload ringtones and download pictures.

I got my E715 ten days ago. So far I am pretty satisfied. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a camera phone.Pros:1) Cool appearance. Although it's not really a cowboy's cell phone, E715 looks more &quot;rugged&quot; than E105. Internal antenna is a wonderful design.2) LCD screen is bright and color is saturated. The best I've ever seen.3) Good reception. Loud and clear. I never had any difficulty hearing the other party.4) Excellent build quality.5) Picture quality is way better than T610.Cons:1) I am wondering if the &quot;Minimum Rated Standby Time: 300 hoursMinimum Rated Talk Time: 240 minutes&quot; is correct. Although the phone is on standby 90% of the time, I had to charge the phone every three or four days otherwise the battery would be exhausted.2) The volumn adjusting button on the left side of the phone is way too far away from the top. I had to move my thumb down to press it when holding E715 with my left hand. The top of the side is occupied by the earphone socket. IMO a better design should have been used.Other than these two, I do not have any complaint.

I had originally bought an X105 as an upgrade for my old N105 and I was not impressed with the signal strength... I took it back and got the e715 and I love the phone the second display is nice for quick date/time checking and self portraits with the camera... the 'flash' is kind of a joke with the camera but the pics are what I expected... like a 640x480 web cam... All in all a good phone... lots of customization options and good reception... kinda spendy but if you are a new customer or you haven't upgraded in a while the prices are lower...

GOOD  FEATURES  BUT CAMERA IS NOT GOOD

After I bought my phone in Oct 2004, I started reading reviews complaining the screen failure.  It happend to me this morning, after 9 months of usage.  It appears that it is not an uncommon problem.  Does not look like Samsung has done anything for customers with defected products.  I am sure my next phone will not be a Samsung.

OK, so I'm a geek...whatever.Anyway, I was looking for a new phone and couldn't help but to be underwhelmed by the Sony 610 and the Nokia 6150. The Sony had consistently reported signal problems and the screen is just too dim. The Nokia...Well, who wants to carry something like that around in one's pocket? And while I've always found Samsung's to offer the right combination of high quality reception and equally high build-quality, I was always underwhelemed by Samsung's lack of the &quot;fun stuff,&quot; (color screens, games, gizmo's etc.)Well...as far as the cell phone world circa 12/03 goes in the US, this phone is currently &quot;it.&quot;Most importantly, the reception quality is superb and the phone has the feel of a solidly made tool (as opposed to a plasticy feeling &quot;toy.&quot;) Likewise, the software interface is intuitive and easy to navigate--sort of like a dumbed-down I-mac. Did I mention the aggressively bright display and equally aggressive ringtones?? No missing a call on this puppy, though you may actually want to turn the ringtone volume down--less you create a public scene! Also, the dedicated display on the *outside* of the flip top is a real eye-catcher.Finally, there's the funstuff...Namely the camera. While to be fair this whole cell phone camera thing is still in it's infancy, and these &quot;photos,&quot; (and I do use the term loosely) are of only minimally sufficient quality, this is still the best cell-phone camera on the market. I think what people need to realize is that the &quot;camera on the cell phone&quot; phenom, in it's current incarnation, is more of a novelty communication device than a functional camera. Really, it's more a way of spicing up brief, flittering text messages with a 480x680 pixel image than it is a way of generating useful images.In short, after testing most of the competitors on the marketplace, there is little question in my mind that this one outdistances them all by a good measure. The only possible sticking point here is the lack of Bluetooth, but I personally have yet to be sold on this feature, so this issue matters not to me.

This phone is mediocre and not worth the price.  It feels cheap and overly delicate when holding it.  Reception left a lot to be desired.  The exterior scratches easily.  If Samsung could get the phone to work as good as it looks, and included Bluetooth, they would have a winner; until then the Samsung E715 is a second-rate and overpriced look-good toy-phone.As for T-Mobile... it was hands-down the worst experience with customer service I have ever encountered.  A mediocre phone and horrid customer service led me to the Motorola V600 and Cingular.  The Motorola V600 may not look as good as the Samsung E715 but reception is excellent... let me restate that... reception is excellent with the Motorola V600, there's better coverage with Cingular, the customer service experience has been good and I haven't had one dropped call yet... With T-Mobile dropped calls were the norm; and I live in an urban area.  To top things off, with the Motorola I can transfer data (including pictures) to my PC in a wireless environment whereas if I had stuck with the Samsung I would have had to shell-out additional cash for the data kit and had to connect the phone and PC with wires... that defeats the whole "wireless" concept!

..and I'm from Europe, where the phones and networks are much better than in the States. I have to say that I think Samsung currently have the best software (and I used to be a huge Nokia fan). Amazingly light, very intuitive, great audio, and just looks great. I recommend this without any reservations whatsoever.

this is the best phone on the market.  i initially started my service w/ the motorola t722i and the phone sucked just terrible so bad that yes i paid for the samsung e715 but it was well worth the money.  very easy to use and the phone just does so much. it offers very many customizeable options and the camera is outstanding for a cell phone. the flash isn't all that great but the digital zoom and other options are more than enough.  plenty of cool features like sending picture messages w/ voice recording and the picture caller id is pretty cool. the polyphonic ringtones sound awesome as well. the t722i was terrible w/ the plug in camera that was hard to use.  i get many compliments on this phone definitely recommend it.

Hey alli am thinking of buying a phone with camera and so i looked at this one. the only thing i am concern on this camera phone is the clarity of the picture. i know its not a Digital camera but still when i c samsung 205 or Mot 300, the quality of picture is much better of those then Samsung E715. even sprint a600 has good quality pictures.I know for most of us picture quality of camera is not as important as having a camera but for me it makes a difference.can somebody help me on deciding the phone.Thanks for ur help.

I originally purchased this phone a year ago.  I bought it the day it was released.  If you remember back that far, it was a pretty eye-catching phone.  It was one of the first with an integrated camera (moto-t720 had a detachable camera), other than a few over-priced nokias.  One great thing is that it is still distinguishable in the sea of Silver Flip-phones.  It doesn't look like any other Samsung, Audiovox or LG out there.  SO thats nice.PROS:Very Small & LightweightGreat (but small) screenCameraFlash (not blinding, but provides good light when neededMulti-shot (you can take up to 15 pictures in one second)Photo Storage (upwards of hi-res pix)External Display (with Analog looking digital Clock)User Interface (these menus are as intuitive as early Nokia)One-Touch Silent mode (don't ever get caught with you cell ringing in class or a meeting)No External Antenna (you wouldn't think it made a difference, but its not nearly as bulking in pants pockets)T-Mobiles REPLACEMENT warrenty (12months!)CONS:T-zone button (its right in the middle of the direction pad, and when tapped takes 5 seconds to cancel)Sidebutton for camera (i have about 10 pix that are of the inside of my pocket)Screen (for the first 10 months it was vibrant, but it developped some faint horizontal lines)Overall this phone, especially for FREE, is worth whle.  I like samsungs, and Love T-mobile's price structures and Customer Support.

This is a slick looking phone!Pro's:-Nice display-Good camera-Good signal reception-International PhoneCon's:-IrDA does not work with other phones.-No bluetooth-No speakerphone-Average battery life (not a big concern)

This phone is really nice looking and has a lot of amazing functions...but the battery life seems very short and bad, especially for people like me, who talk on the cellphones all the time..I think I have to recharge my cellphone everyday...and an extra battery is needed...&gt;&lt;

I bought the phone from the t-mobile store with a previous serviec so it was indeed a bit pricey. However i felt that it was a great phone to have. First off, even when the phone is closed, it has great uses. You can use the external camera feature (press and hold the camera button) and also can use the flash as an external flashlight (press and hold the down button). The phone itself was great because it had so many different types of features. The camera is excellent with its zoom and brightness capabilities. It also has memory stored for different things so there's no need to worry. (Certain kbs for games, pictures, ringtones, etc...) The only problem that I had with the phone was after a little while, it started to lag a bit. If i hit the aroows to go throught the phone book, there would be a few seconds of delayed reactions. Other than that, I thought that the phone was great.

I bought two E715 from amazon around 10 months ago. Now both of them have the same problem: the display screens are fading. one totally white out and another one is Ok but some horizontal fade lines are coming up.I will send the white-out one back for repairing. If the second one dies, I will buy new phones but will not be Samsung.So many hassles if you want to send them back.

I've had this phone for about 2 weeks now, and I'll have to say that I've been very happy with it.  I've recently switched from SprintPCS to Tmobile, where I was using the sanyo 8100, a very similar flip camera phone (another excellent phone).  It's a real eye catcher, very sleek and stylish.  The user interface is easy to use and understand, and navigating from one screen to the next is pretty quick compared to some other samsung phones.  Although the screen on this phone is probably the best among all the samsung phones, i feel that it is inferior to the screen on my Sanyo 8100, where the colors were a little more bright and vivid.  The camera is excellent expecially with the flash, brightness adjustment, digital zoom, and all the other available options. One thing that my sanyo did that my new samsung cant do, is edit photos after they have been taken...but no biggie, i can live with it.  The E715 is small the slim, and is hardly noticable when in my pocket.  I love that there is no antenna, and the included head set is just as attractive and functional.  The Self Portrait feature comes in very handy, and is great feature.  The infrared port on the phone seems to be useless, so getting a data cable is recommended (it's cheaper to get them on ebay as apposed to getting them at large electronic retailers such as best buy or circuit city).  The battery life right now is not that great (probably due to the juice draining features...camera, flash, etc.) but if u charge every night, you'd be fine.  I'd recommend getting a car charger (try and find a retailer who will throw one in for free).  But let's wait and see how the charge holds after a few months of use.  The polyphonic ringer on the phone is excellent they sound clear and sharp, but too me the included ringtones attract a little too much attention...i wish it came with a little more &quot;normal&quot; ring tones. The E715 is a light show you can fit in your pocket. You can change the service light to be various different colors, or have it not blink at all.  If you hold down the side volume button while the phone is closed, you can use the flash as a flashlight (It's been very helpful several times trying to get around in a dark room).  The service light will also change colors in rhythym with the ringtone melody. Text messaging on ths phone is easy all though, I think Samsung could have made it easier getting to comma's, exclamation, and questions marks on the key pad.  The included message alert tones are fun.  Over all this is a fantastic phone, probably one of the best on the US market right now, especially if you are more concerned about form over functionSummery -Pros:Small and SleekGreat Camera and camera options and settingsEasy User interface and quick (enough) navigation through screensNo AntennaGreat sounding ringer..nice and loud.  Strong VibrateLot's of included memory ( 9 mb )Fun lightsCons:Useless infrared portNot the greatest battery life.Text messaging interface is not the easiest I've used.

I got my phone yesterday after wanting it since it was first anounced. Its a great phone except for 2 things. Somebody here complained about the phone freezing up when he tried to access the phone book, I have the same problem. After several tries it works fine. Two, I downloaded a ringtone through the phone. At first it worked fine but this evening it all of a sudden the ringtone stopped working. All the ringtones that came with the phone work.Does anyone know how to fix it with out having to re download it?Also does anyone know where i can get ringtones for free? And by free I mean at no cost to me at all unlike the places where they charge you to call them to get it for free.

WEll i am not going to bore you with the details of the phone.  But i am going to  bring light to a few concerns.  The 1st would have to be battery life, i am on the phone about an avg. of 1-3 hours a day and this is really annonying to have to remember to recharge in the middle of the day.  The 2nd would be an very very important thing that should be taken note of.  This is the entire reason i sold this phone.  when the folder is closed (the flip) the phone hangs on to a phone call for about 10 seconds, and the mic is working.  I know that this is not a big concern for many, but when i am placing bids on contracts, OR  speaking of a customers sensitive info, this is totally unacceptalbe.I know this is a good TOY, with a camera, and color screen...but is lacks power user features such as blue-tooth, IRA (that works), speakerphone, long battery life, and ability to hold a GPRS (internet) connection to a laptop for more than 20 min before going dead.I sold this phone and purchased a Nokia 6610, and have had MUCH MUCH better time........ i only recommend the E715 to those who are looking for a camera phone, and only care about looks, and not function.

I bought this phone a week ago and have been almost completely satisfied.Depending on one's area, of course, the reception is as good as any other phone I've used, albeit that is not many.The camera is fun as long as you don't expect the same quality of pictures you would get from even a lower end digital camera.  This is no complaint - it is a phone; the camera is just a perk.Menu navigation is set up to be quite simple with everything in close reach.  Shortcuts (which are customizable) make getting to the most commonly used functions a snap.I use text messaging like crazy.  The last phone I had was a Motorola with the iTAP predictive text and I had grown so accustomed to it that I was hesitant to switch to a phone that used T9, the other (perhaps more commonly used) program for predictive text typing.  I had used it before on another phone and wasn't very fond of it.I was pleasantly surprised to find that this phone, with T9, was by far the best I had used for typing text messages.  The vocabulary is larger than that of my last phone and the BEST part about it is this:  If there is a word that one uses (especially if used often) that isn't in the phones vocabulary, one can very easily add it so that for all future uses the phone will know the word one is writing.  It is great!Using the infrared port to syn with my laptop has been almost perfect.  It is an easy way to manage and back up my phonebook and to transfer new ringtones to my phone (which, I have discovered, can be found for free and in ABUNDANCE at [...]) as well as pictures to and from the phone.The pictures from the phone to computer, however, have caused me some trouble.  I purchased the data cable (and soon returned it) and found that after some use, the included program would crash when trying to download pictures from my phone to the computer - using either the cable or the infrared.  I think it is a software problem and will hopefully be fixed soon.Aside from that the phone is beautiful and I love everything about barring one other point I should bring up:No matter what sound setting (ring, vibrate, no ring, volume down, etc) I have it on, when I take a picture there is a loud camera shutter sound.  As far as I know there is no way to remove this short of altering the firmware programmed on the phone.  It is annoying and prevent the taking of pictures on the sly, but it can be lived with.I hope that this has been of help.

This is phone is alright to have but I like to get new things in my life, so this is why I am looking for something new.

Bought this phone when it came out and returned it three days later....In areas where my Samsung S105 would just cut out this phone DROPPEDGuess the internal antenna was a bad move for Samsung...Also, the camera flash was nothing more than a flashlight... haha and the camera quality was a novelty too...Other than that it was a cool little phone but NO WAY was it worth over $100.00

l care for the moble bacuaes it will  be good for me so lwill like to be sand to now before my brithday so it will make me good coustomer plsthanks.

The reasons are:1. The screen display becomes complete while after 6 to 8 months of use and you can't see any thing on the screen after that.2. The battery life is the worst of any phone I've ever owned. It MAY last 2 to 3 days in stand by IF I don't use it at all; if I use the phone at all, even just 10-15 minutes, no more than one day on a full charge.3. The only good thing abount it is just the look and you can enjoy it for 6 months are so and later you have to junk it as display goes off!

I had owned this phone for only 3 months, lost it, and was able to get a replacement for a $35 deductible. I received notice recently that the deductible has increased to $100 on this phone style. I was already paying $5/mo for insurance...why spend the extra if the phone costs around $100 to replace anyway?? I've owned the replacement for 2 YEARS now!!!...and now I can comment on how it's wearing out. I should be fortunate that it's lasted this long!I would like to find another style phoneCONS-The last few months the color screen has developed the horizontal lines and white fading as others have experienced. The last week it has been turning itself off and on while on a call. When it's done this, i get false text messages, and have noticed certain numbers disappearing from my phonebook!! Yikes!! What in the world? I assume the internal software is dying? However if you read other reviews, it seems MOST are having the same malfunctions, so heed our warnings with this model.-Several ringtones that I have purchased no longer work! I had personalized some for certain numbers/callers, now it's a huge setback when I want to know who's calling without even looking at the phone.-no speakerphone, and i'm finding i'd like to have that option nowadays.-the screen is smaller than other phones i've seen, so it's hard to tell how good/clear of a picture you took until you forward it to your computer to view full size. In the same reasoning, pics sent to my phone are small. The pic quality has been good, not excellent, the colors tend to change tint when it's focused.-External button for taking pics,so if the phone is in my purse and it's pressed, i find several 'black' pics taken, and meantime that can use alot of the battery.-The volume to hear isn't very loud at it's highest level, makes it difficult to listen to voicemails in the car.-SIM card memory is small..to save any text before it's full and be able to receive additional text, i have to move them to 'phone'.PROS...-Love the 'flash' feature...bright enough to be used as a flashlight, it has an external feature to turn it on, so quick access.-predictive text (t9) is a must for anyone like me that sends frequent texts!-You can personalize the 'ringtone' for the alarm to wake-up with-The exterior of the phone has been very durable having been dropped too many times, and floating loosely in a purse. Who cares how many scratches or dings are on the outside  of a flip phone since it's the inside of it you want to protect...just like luggage!-Exterior flashing light feature that can be customized so easy to find phone in the dark, in a purse, when it is ringing, or text notification-Exterior caller id/time and date display. However 'picture caller id' is only visible when phone is opened.-No problems with using it overseas with calls, texts, or accessing my email account with the TMobileWeb. HOWEVER, please note if you make ANY changes to your T-Mobile plan, be sure to confirm that they have kept your int'l access available before you hop on your flight! They failed to do that when i changed my minute plan, and I didn't know it til i was in Europe with no reception! Fortunately I had a calling card to contact T-Mobile and it was rectified within hours (the horror to be without text ability!! Hahahaha..)-T-Mobile service has been excellent for me in the Denver area. I would never consider another carrier again having used ATT, Sprint, and Nextel over the years. My friends that have Verizon/Cingular/Nextel/Sprint complain about frequent dropped calls in Denver. For those that have negative reviews about their poor reception or dropped calls, it's most likely your service carrier and your location, NOT the phone!I shouldn't give this model the 4 stars, i'd give it 3...but i can't change it now thru amazon...I guess with being so used to it and the features, that you want to praise something you're comfortable with. But with the funky things that are going wrong with it and seeing others are having the same problems, I would rather spend the same amount and upgrade thru T-Mobile for a different model! Good luck with your phone shopping!

I have had to return my E-715 twice because it appears randomly the screen gets horizontal bleaching patterns across the screen. Dont believe me? Do a Google search on "e-715 screen lines".Of course T-Mobile and Samsung both tell you that you're crazy and that you're the only person who has experienced this problem.Otherwise the features on the phone are great, the IR port is great to sync to your computer, and the LED light you can use as a flashlight is the best feature on the phone.

When I bought this phone, this was one of the best in the market.Advantages :..Good battery life..internal antenna still the performance is good.. digital camera is quite decent..i have uploaded quite a few pics and they turned out ok.--haven't had any problems so far have been using it for 2 yrs now....it has an external display as well which is gooddrawbacks..if u are msg..then it takes a bit time to change the lettes on the same key..the signal indicator light is little irritation as it flashes quite strongly.tried using it in holland..couldn't that could be coz of network problem

Hi,I bought Samsung E715 on Amazon.com through a service plan for T-Mobile. It worked fine for nearly 5 months. But, now it started giving problems. Sometimes the mobile gets turned off on it's own. Today to my surprise, I have lost all my phone book stored in the phone. Now I am regretting for storing the numbers in the phone in stead of sim card.I don't know what's going on and I have lost valuble list of phone nos. I don't have a back up also.-Raghu

This phone is a decent phone.  I've had mine for about 1 yr & 1 month.  It is decently built  & durable for the most part.  The extra features are nice but not exceptional.  The ring tones sound great and the camerphone is ok - picture quality is not so great & looks even worse than on the screen when uploaded to the pc. However, the one big flaw with this phone (most of the ppl I know who have this phone have had this problem is that the screen images fade (some ppl report they get faded horizontal lines) somewhat around the time near the 1 yr warranty is up.  As far as I know, there is no way to change the contrast.  After I noticed that my screen had faded, I called T-mobile to have it repaired, they told me that my 1 yr warranty expired the day before and they had no sympathy & could do nothing for me (I was very extremely angry to hear that I missed it by 1 day) Also they told me that they had "never heard of this phone having this type of problem) - I find this very difficult to believe since if you google this samsung phone along with the words "screen problems" or read more amazon reviews, you'll find that this is a widespread, very COMMON problem.  I would not recommend this phone again & if anyone does pick this phone, be sure to purchase the insurance as the screen WILL fade, its only a guess as to when.

i like it a lot, its a great phone for the 30$ price here on amazon.  cant really beat that.

This is absolutely one of the best phones I have seen for a long time.It is lot better than v205 in the picture quality and also the style is amazing with the built in camera which i love d it even the flash and talk time are very good.I am waiting to buy one for my girlfriend also soon.The pricing of 299 for  this phone i guess in not bad at all for all its features and specifiactions.The spring camera phone SUCKKKKKKKKKs , as their service sucks.

I have owned this phone for exactly one year, and here is my report. About six months ago horizontal white lines began to appear on the LCD screen and, over time, the problem began to get worse and worse. Exactly one week ago I turned off my phone and allowed it to charge overnight. In the morning I turned the phone back on and discovered that I could no longer see anything on the internal display - it had whited out.This is a very common problem with this Samsung model and it is enough reason to stay away from it. Testimonies from other reviewers on this site, and others, corroborate this, but if you still want to take a chance on this model then you should be aware of some other potential problems that this phone suffers from.When you view a complete log of all sent and received calls whenever you press the Send button, scanning through them is a real hassle. Pressing a key once often cycles through three entries, and it's annoying when you want to make a call to a phone number in your log but the phone keeps overshooting it. Very buggy, not to mention excruciatingly annoying.Also, a couple months ago all of the address book entries that were stored on my phone got deleted. I have no idea what could have caused this, but it apparently is another common problem with this model.The supplied ringtones that Samsung offers on this phone are nothing short of pathetic. It seems every ringtone that was programmed into this phone was meant for teeny boppers or little kids. There are no standard ringers on this phone and because of this I had my phone on vibrate all the time when I was out and about.However, if the ringtones are your cup of tea you cannot assign them to individual contacts. The only way you can do this is if you make your contact part of a group in your phonebook. Why Samsung would make it so that you can assign ringtones to groups, and not individual address book entries, is a mystery.When you close up the phone to end a call, the phone still stays on the line for well over a second. This means that if somebody were to say, "wait, I forgot to tell you something" it leaves them with the impression that you just hung up on them.This was a very disappointing offering by Samsung, and I'm quite surprised that they haven't issued a recall of this model due to its host of defects, and I'm equally surprised that T-Mobile continues to sell this phone with their service.You would be better suited with another model.

It is true that the battery life is poor compared to other phones but that is because of all the great functions this phone has (mostly battery draining features...ie good quality camera, good resolution, games etc.), also the battery included with the phone is the "slim battery", Im pretty sure Samsung will release the "extended Battery" sometime soon....On average I get about 2-3 days off a full charge with moderate use (which is fine with me). One tip is to charge the phone with it powered off so you get a better charge...I also experience a lag on the phone, but I got that with my previous phones also (so no biggy).  One other minor flaw is that when you take a picture with the phone closed it comes out reversed(mirrored), you can try it for yourself by taking a picture with words in the background, I also don't really care that much about this because I can just use any photo editor and reverse it myself, plus I don't take many pictures with the phone closed anyways...With all those flaws I still love this phone maybe Bluetooth would had made it better, but it has infared which is cool also....I suggest everyone and anyone to get this phone, IMO the best phone out right now (size,function, and style), all it needs is a firmware upgrade to fix the lag and the reversed camera problems and the "extended battery"

Pros:Stylish (looks better than other brands')crystal clear screen + colors good (samsung is known for the LCD monitor, they are #1 in market)camera is good. zoom and flash light features are coolplenty space for everything. games,ringtones, pictures, sms, phonebook..etclarge ext. lcd.Cons:BatterylifeI would give this phone 4stars if the battery life was good.(...)

This phone is a great product! It has many cool features that will have your friends eww-ing and ahh-ing:-The screen is incredibly crisp and clear.-The camera function provides hours of fun. It has so many different settings and options, including 5 different effects, 9 different frames, an awesome multi-shot function, self-timer, and rotation. The multi-shot function allows you to take up to 15 shots in a row with one click of a button. ALso, a self-portrait can be taken by holding down the camera button on the side of the phone.-This phone can hold up to 1000 photos, depending upon the size and quality of your photos. The memory capacity is, no joke, a hundred times better than every other camera phone I've seen. Most can only hold about 30 pictures.-The flash is very bright and useful.-Additionally, the flash can be used as a flashlight, which I have found to be extremely handy in dark environments.-It is the smallest and thinnest camera phone i have ever seen on the market.-The lack of an exterior antenna allows the phone to be put nearly everywhere. It fits very comfortably in your pocket.-Another neat feature is the outside "service" light. When you look at pictures of the phone on the internet, you will see to square light areas next to the round camera lens. One of them is the flash/flashlight. The other is the service light. It's just a light that can flash 7 different colors: red, green, blue, yellow, sky blue, pink, and white. In idle mode, the service light flashes about every 10 seconds. When a call is received, the service light flashes all the different colors to the beat of your ringtone. It's soo cool, adding yet another awesome feature to the phone.I have found only a few minor flaws with the phone:-The center button is a t-zones button. It would be much better if it were an "OK" button instead.-When on silent mode, the shutter sound when you take a picture still plays. There is no way to silence this.-The external LCD is not full color. This means that when you take a self-portrait, your face is a blue-green color.-The backgrounds, games, and ringtones that come on the phone are mediocre at best, especially the games. But this can be fixed by downloading new backgrounds, games, and ringtones from the internet.In conclusion, the good aspects of this phone FAR outweigh the bad ones. The bad aspects are tiny details that don't matter in the overall evaluation of the phone. I would DEFINITELY recommend this phone to everyone. It is well worth the price. I promise you that you will not be disappointed!

I loved this phone because of the antenna-less design, but like other reviewers mine started having glitches.  If I accidentally let the battery die or turned it off, when I reboot it the screen is completely faded out (way too bright) and has lines through it.  Also when you turn it back on after use it takes maybe 5-10 minutes to regain all of its features (phonebook and camera in particular--if I try to use the camera within a few minutes of turning it on, it says "Please wait" for a minute and then reboots itself).Even then, I may buy the same phone when I get my replacement because I like its features and its easy to use.Also I'd like to say I have had excellent service from T-Mobile unlike the other reviewer; they have been very helpful when I had issues (and I have had a few with minutes plus my phone just getting stolen).  They are also very nice and polite to me even when I was freaking out this morning because I found out my phone was stolen.

i love this phone. and i want one. i am a t-mobile user already and all i need is the phone. can i buy this phone from you and if so how much?

I've had this phone for nearly a year. The best thing about it is the taking pictures...however, they won't allow you to turn to sound off when taking a picture. Also, when scrolling through your text messages, you aren't allowed to just press the down arrow and continue scrolling.You have to go back to the menu and look at it the list and click on one you would like to see. However, it does have some pretty awesome features.

This phone has everything! it has digital camera, organizer, internet, voice recorder, and many more features!  Also its very small, sleek, light and fancy.  The digital camera resolution is pretty good(I think above average).  The battery seems small and week but it last for long time.  The battery can last up to about 300 hours (if you don't use it for that long) and you can talk up to 4 hours!  I believe that this is the best phone out right now!

I have used a LOT of phones.  I shoped for this phone for a long time.  First, I tried the BRAND NEW sanyo 5500.  Great phone, but you can't get the pictures off it without paying for vision.  This phone is simply the best phone money can buy.  Small, FULL of features, and although not cheap, a bargin compared to what you get.  It has the SHARPEST screen of any phone on the market, and the best quality camera you will find in a phone.  It does everything you could need it to do and more.  It will hold everthing; contacts, pictures, ringtones, events.  This thing even doubles as a flashlight (hold down one of the arrow keys on the side).  All of this in a small, easy to use package.

I received this phone for Christmas of '03 - and while I have never had a problem with the battery life as some others have suggested (I travel frequently and have had no issues) there are a number of other very serious problems with the e715.For starters, I am on my third replacement phone. The original, after 8 months, began to show signs of "decay". It would reboot for no apparent reason, vibrate uncontrollably ( even when not on silent mode ) and the ringtones... well, the only way to describe them would be "posessed". They would speed up and slow down, play the wrong note, etc. It's not a particularly fun thing to hear at 2am in the morning.The worst part, however, is the LCD display. I began to notice fine lines in it, then within another month it had completely faded out that in sunlight, you couldn't read it at all.My second replacement went bad ( reboots and LCD screen ) within a month. I am now on my third, but it has already rebooted twice and the screen is showing lines. At this point, I'm just going to buy a new phone - I've had it!For the price of this phone (originally almost 400 dollars) you would expect better quality. I would not reccomend this phone unless you are the type who plans on buying a new phone every 6 months anyway to keep up with the latest technology.

This is a phone that I have wanted since I first heard that it was comming out. This is definately a upgrade from the Samsung V205. The resolution is much better. Also the menu is still very user friendly. I like that I can take different types of pictures (color, b&amp;w and with a red tone to it). Of course the pictures do not show as good as they would if you send it to a email address and print it out on a PC but this phone is still one of the best that I have seen. Also there are a gaggle of websites out that I can find on my TZONES and download pix and tones all FREE. I just use a search engine such as GOOGLE and surf the mobile web. Also the clarity is so great. I never have a problem with getting service on my phone, even inside! I highly recommend this phone.

The biggest mistake that i made in buying this phone was that I got rid of my old one.  My last phone made this one seem obscelete even though the new one cost three times as much and was a year younger.  Coming from Sprint and having the run-of-the-mill sanyo camera phone (I can't remember the model number), this phone has made me begin counting the days until I can go back.The Samsung E715 is nice and light, it has some ok features, and it rings/vibrates very noticeably.  However, I'm on my second battery and it's already died only 14 hours after being charged fully.  The phone is a whopping two months old, and after being charged completely, I went to bed only to find out midway through the following morning that it had completely discharged itself.  Not a single use beforehand.  At any rate, this phoneis not worth the money, even if you get a great discount.  The T-Mobile reception is 100% miserable.  I've dropped most of my calls so far that I've made, and they were all to customer service!!!  The customer service, by the way, is very good.  They've given me a lot of free minutes as well as a free month of service for my problems.Typically I'm a very easy going consumer and don't rock the boat at all.  I am very cognicent of different quirks to phones and their services, but this is past the line.  Overall, don't buy this phone (if you're in the Cincinnati area in particular).  Bad reception, horrid battery life, and overall the phone's layout is a disaster.Hope this helps.

E715 is cool looking phone. But the truth is that it's screen life is pathetic. I need to get it repaired within a year luckily it was in warranty period. But to my irony the samsung fixed it and the screen went off again after 2 months of repair. so guys be carefull you will not be able to use this phone more than a year.
