
I dont know what you people are thinking but this phone is bad.It oly got looks.The phone hardly has any features and it is really small and it doesnt even have a long recorder this phone cant do much you can only record for 30sec.In the nokia 3650 its a min and in the sony errsion t610 its as long as you want...This phone is a waste even thoe i got it as a gift...I want my Contract to end so i can get my Nokia 3650 back or get the sony errsion t610 or Z1010 this is a peace of garbage...

My boyfriend has this phone and it is so neat I've never owned a phone like this but as soon as I can I will have one just like it. Everyone that sees it goes crazy over it and wants one but none of them has went to get one yet! My boyfriend's boss asks him to use it all the time because the one he has he can't use it because it just won't get out anywhere. So like I said this is an excellent phone to have you don't need a house phone when you have this one. My boyfriend's boss has Verizon and doesn't like it at all. Thank You Sincerly Robin L. Rudy A very loyal customer to T-Mobile for four years.

I have tried quite a few cell phones out and I must admit this has been my best to date (muchhhhhh better than nokia, motorola, and sony ericson).  The reception is excellent, external caller id is nice, display looks sharp, and the sound quality is superb.  I have been very pleased with t mobile overall. yes, verizon has better coverage but costs about 25% more. not worth it.  plus, their phones are much more expensive and uglier.  anyway, here are my caveats about this phone:the ring tones leave much to be desired (whatever happened to normal phone rings---not everyone likes to hear a stupid song when the phone rings).the antennae is not flexible..kinda annoying when it is in your pocket. i am always worried it will break.display is impossible to see in sunlight.the wap browser is super slow.  t mobile needs to invest in the data transfer department.  also, they charge you for incoming text messages. only 5 cents but still, should be free. i dont recommend the t zones, for the amount of time it takes to connect you could boot up a computer with internet access.i wish it had speaker phone capabilites, this is a big drawback for me.anyway, overall like i said, this phone is one of the top ranking phones out there.  their customer service has been awesome so far.  if you live out in the boonies, you may not get that great of coverage (try verizon) but if you live in the city you should be golden.  for the price, you will not be dissapointed.

This is a good phone overall.  The only problem is it is almost impossible to see the screen outside in the sunlight.  Other than that, this phone is a good one.

Could not afford to buy it new. I dropped it and yes it kept on ticking but I dropped it on its antennae and it broke off so I superglued it back on.  Some things can only happen to some people im sure.  Now, it could be because of that, but the phone drops calls without shame, left and right.  Usually in poor weather or when the signal is not strong.  So reception is poor but when the signals strong it is 95 percent reliable.  Battery is fine but you need to fully charge it and not keep it on too much.  that massive (relatively speaking) LCD display is what talkes up all the juice. So what if the addresses take a while to appear...the recently called numbers are readily available.  Funny but even after all of that I still like it because it is one of the most aesthetically pleasing phones out there.  I would recommend it to people who want a sexy phone but not a serious one.  IE.  You would not want to use this for business calls...It would annoy you.  Whatever you do make sure you do not drop it antenae first.

This phone is great for those who don't want much from their phone. If all you want to do is talk and text, this phone is for you. Very compact and has great reception- much better than the motorolas. I will not go into detail about all the pros and cons about this phone since there are plenty of other reviews that will tell you that. I would like to note two things, however:1.) If you dislike the ringtones that came with your phone, you can download a standard ring from t-zones- it will cost $1.49. If you call 611 and tell customer care that you are disappointed that there are no regular ringers that came with the phone, you might be able to download the standard ringer for free.2) If you don't want to put out a lot of money right now for this phone and wait several months for the rebates (it took me over 2 months to get mine), you can buy the phone directly from T-Mobile [...]

this a great phone, i works very good and it has easy ( and I mean Easy) Menu. Also that it very lightwight sometimes i have to check my pockets to see if i have it. I got mine for my b-day and it is was free with a 100.00 off cupon from samsung and 50.00 becasue it was a one-year agreement. This is the best phone ever and also it is a great small, lightwieght phone that is under 200.00. T-Moblie also has great serive you can get 0.99 cent ringtones (so many to chose from) from T-Moblie's websire  coverage area i have never called T-Moblie about anything. But this phone has some drawbacks the buttons are to small for big people hands. That is the only bad thing about this phone. If you are interested about getting you should get this phone !!!!!!! trust me !!!!!!

Overall: B+The E105 is a great phone for those looking to upgrade from entry level models. If all you need is a phone to make calls and not to take pictures, the E105 is for you. Even without a camera, there is a lot to like about this phone as it has a nice sturdy, modern design and is loaded with great features. The most striking feature about this phone is its gorgeous 65K color screen. There is also a grayscale display on the front that displays the time, date, battery and reception which is also quite useful. Another great feature is the indicator light which flashes a different color when receiving calls or messages. You'll instantly know when you've missed a call or message and you can set the default color to your liking. The reception on this phone is quite good even in buildings and the quality of the sound is clear. The E105 also has a nice selection of games including chess and golf. The battery life is average but understandable considering the screen. If you spend your life on the phone, this could be a drawback. The only real fault I find with this phone is its poor selection of ringtones. Some of them are downright weird and there is no standard ringtone which I prefer. Ringtones today, are generation y's version of elevator music. I cannot remember the number of times I have cringed at the sound of a popular song badly rendered as a ringtone. Sometimes, they are about as obnoxious as the person using them. The selection on this phone does not help the problem.

I've had this phone for three years. It is basic--no frills (other reviews list the features)--but never irritating. What a delight to own one device that fulfills its intended function.My calls don't drop, and the menu navigation is intuitive. The backlighting is excellent--I can always read the screen. Every month or so I drop the phone on concrete, tile, or some other hard surface, with the only result being scars on the casing. I've dropped it in a sink filled with dirty dishwater and, um, down a toilet--soaped it up after the latter adventure and it was a little funny-acting for 12 hours until the battery contacts dried, but then everything was back to normal. Amazing.A year ago I noticed that the hinge action was not as tight as it used to be, so thinking it was on its way out, I was going to upgrade my phone. For silly reasons I missed the upgrade boat when I re-upped my T-Mobile contract. However, the hinge loosening turned out not to be an issue--it hasn't gotten worse. The phone has outlasted three chargers and several friendships. Pretty great for a planned obsolecence product.I gather battery life of newer cell models is generally two hours longer than the e105 (up from 3 to 5), and I bet the memory cards are bigger--I'm a text-message pack-rat and don't get to store as many as I'd like. I never set it to view pic messages--don't even know if it can. These are nominal downsides given how I use it. And, I dunno, I feel sort of attached to it at this point.

I am an infrequent cell phone user so after a year of not having a cell phone, I decided to take the plunge yet again.  After a lot of research I decided to get this Samsung phone.  When I received it, I was very pleasantly surprised.  The phone was much smaller than the picture indicates, it fits in my jeans pocket with no problem!  So far, I've had it about a week and the phone is pretty clear, no problems connecting.  I've even downloaded some free ring tones.  So far very happy, no-frills service, I received the phone, turned it on and was ready to make calls immediately.

I know, people expect all sorts of things from their phones. Me, I value small size and light weight very highly, along with good call quality. I don't need cameras, ring tones, web access, or any of the other bells and whistles, and after 14 months of use, I can say this phone fits the bill wonderfully.My one bone of contention, is that I also want the phone to substitute for a watch. In this modern age of electronics miniaturization, this doesn't seem like much to ask. The E105 has a handy time display on the outside screen - but not only is it not connected to any time server, it loses a couple minutes per month :-(. I replaced one phone for this reason alone, but the replacement is just as bad...

Ok, first of all i'm 18, so if you're not around my age this review may not apply to you. i bought this phone the day after christmas. i wanted to upgrade my phone, i had the worst phone ever, the motorola c332. after a couple of months with that free phone i couldn't take it anymore. i could never hear the ringer, the battery died, it was a waste. so anyway i went to the tmobile store. i got there and i saw the motorola v300 (my dream phone). the sales rep told me that they were out of stock and they wouldn't have anymore until january. i didnt wanna wait that long (even though now it's january). so instead i opted for the samsung e105. its a GREAT phone compared to my old c332. i like the flashing corner light. when someone calls or you receive an IM or a text message it's pink instead of green. i think that'd neat. anyway, the ringtones are decent. some are a little annoying, i only like 2 or 3 of them that are preset. i downloaded some wallpapers and some ringtones and everything is fine. the ringer is GREAT! i love it! i can hear it in the car or wherever. however there are a few cons to this phone. i've had this phone for a couple of weeks and the flipping part is a lil flimsy. maybe it's just me, but it's a lil off.. you can't really tell until you look. also, the text messaging SUCKS. the iTap (predictive text) doesn't compare to my old phone. in my old motorola you could type in the word and on the bottom it would list possible words, not like in the samsung. it's either the word or you have to delete the word and enter it in by letter. also theres no side button to ignore calls. theres only a volume adjuster. when someone calls you either have to pick it up and hang up on them or press the down volume button to silent the ringer. OH and theres no easy access to silence the ringer, like in a movie. they have a quick access button for it, but it puts it on vibrate. i can still hear it in the movie theater and in class.All in all it's a good phone, i'd recommend it. However i would rather have the v300, it has a camera and a speaker phone for around the same price. well i hope this helped you out.

this is a good bare-bones phone.  it doesn't have a camera but it does just about everything else.  the external screen isn't color but how often do you look at that anyway besides checking the time?  its major plus is that it's tiny and weighs nearly nothing.

I got the E105 last Christmas, (free) through an online deal. I upgraded from an old school Nokia and just wanted a cute little flip phone that wasn't so obsolete. Sure, there aren't as many features on this phone as there are on others, but the basics the phone DOES have (such as receiving and making calls) work just fine. I like that this phone has a larger color screen than some Motorolas or Ericsons. The ringtones are a bit tedious and off the wall, but I've downloaded other ringtones that sound great. I've read other reviews where people are upset and irritated because this phone doesn't have the features they want, or it's so time consuming to get to the screen they need to get to, etc. I honestly don't have this problem. Reading the manual helps. I also read a review that said the phone will not charge unless it's off. NOT true. It's a good basic phone, light weight, and hey, I got it for free. I like it.

I bought this phone a few weeks ago, and have been frustrated ever since.  Besides the bad sound, it adds a hum to the voice.The menu system is extensive and therefore ridiculous to use.  Too many options to make this phone useable.Ring Tones?  great for kids, but there is no simple standard ring tone that sounds like a phone.  I have contacted customer support on a few occassions, and no one has given me any direction as to where to find a simple ring.  The only option available is the T-Mobile melody that you hear on their commercials.  They dont seem to realize that not everyone wants to play music.  I cant find, download or buy a simple ring.I'm counting the days till my contract expires.

Hi i just recieved this phone a few days ago. I am 13 years old and thought that the color and the size was cool so i got the phone. I ordered the sony ericsson t610 but heard it was no good so i rejected the delivery. Even though the e 105 lacks the now very common camera you have to ask yourself how much would you really use it? Sure there are some moments where you wish you had a picture but come on. this phone is very reliable yet has a few minor flaws. First of all, this isnt a big thing but, sometimes the screen stays black when you open it. other times when  you dial the numbers wont come up for a while. however the phone has many other features that are cool. I would recommend it over anything but the samsung e715 and the motorola v300. BUt overall it is a exellent phone and i would recommend it for the 80 dollars they give you to take it

I upgraded from the Sony Ericsson T300 to this phone and I think this one is fab!! I use it practically all day. It is a small and sleek flip, the outer caller ID is great. The menus were a bit confusing to navigate at first, but after having it two days it became second nature. The sound quality on calls is excellent, and having AIM is awesome! I have friends on T-mobile and the text messaging is a hot ticket!! The whole organizer section (calendar, alarm, to-do list, calculator and phone book) makes this phone practically indispensible to me. Add cool Java games and a huge selection of ring tones (and the ability to download more) and I don't know how I ever lived without it.I have two minor complaints - one is the number of steps it takes to delete things (numbers from the phone book, text messages, etc.), I have to go into the message, click options, select delete and then confirm (my old phone was half as many steps). The other feature missing is personalized ringtones (different rings for different callers).

-  Could not sinc with anything using the IR port (Even if it could, it would only come in not out)  I tried pocket PC's, Palms, and a Nokia phone (My old one with all my numbers in it)-  I took it back to the store due to a Huge Huge huge feed back problem with 2 different high end Headsets (Jabra and Plantronix)  I also found that even the second one would cause feedback on my PC Speakers from 3 feet away as well.  I plan to take it back again.-  Online, T-Mobile had a great idea to allow you to input names and numbers but forgot to add a check for Mobile, work, home etc.  Theres no way on the phone to change the type of number once it's in the phone.  They all come in as Mobile.-  No way to move a number from the Sim to the phone or vice versa.- Ring tones are very juvinile- Vibrate then ring not both at the same time.  Seems like a must to me.- Entering phonebook entries was a pain using the phone.  I wanted to use the sentence case and it kept switching back to caps only each time I created a new entry.-  The phone was free after rebates and I'm going to take it back before I get stuck with it for a year.

I got this replacing a samsung a460..and my faith in samsung has been made stronger...Almost the same functionality as the a460, with a lil bit more, and of course, a color screen added. Got wot i expected and am very happy with the phone. Ppl i spoke to said my voice comes across very clear...probably clearer than my earlier device. All in all, very happy with this buy. And forgot to mention the parameter, which was the USP for me - the weight. The thing comes at a mere 2.8 oz and thats real neat. Probably one of the lightest devices on show today. It doesnt come with a camera and all that jazz, but if you dont need those, very nice phone.CONS****It seems to have a few delays in operation. Sometimes very slow to respond to keys, and at times, the Phonebook tells me it is "Initialising", when I try to use, and keeps shwing that message fopr quite some time.

THIS IS ABOUT THE NICET PHONE I HAVE SEEN! ESPECIALLY SINCE THEY WERE GIVING THEM AWAY AT VERIZON. IT SHOULD SERVE MY NEEDS FOR YEARS TO COME. DAVE

I was an AT&T customer with a Siemens model phone. I do think Siemens is a great company but when I saw this E105 I just loved it. I am now a T-Mobile customer and was able to bargain for this phone for free (with rebate). The color screen is great and easy to read. While there is no voicedial, the speed dial function makes up for that in my opinion. It's compact, and as someone said, the buttons are not too small so it is hard to misdial. One reason I decided on this phone was because it has the option to be connected to the Worldclass service. As someone who travels outside the country 3 or 4 times a year it's a great add-on (and with T-Mobile, you only pay for what you use). I've never had problems with reception and in fact one friend even commented on the fact that it was not fuzzy at all and was surprised that I was driving to work and could not hear any background noise, (ie radio, the funny sounds my car makes. lol). I even walked into work, which is a call center and he could not tell the difference. I highly recommend this useful phone. Well it's usefull for those of us who can live without the bells and whistles of sync technology/bluetooth/blackberry stuff. Definitely worth the investment

This phone isn't that bad. It's very small and sleek. East to download things on T-Zones. The cons of it is that sometimes when I close it, it turns off (I hate that!). And when you first turn it on, you have to wait about five minutes to get the phonebook and text messaging option to work. That sucks! But it's very durable; I dropped it a couple of times (it only got a few scratches, including a few very ugly holes on the cheap plastic outside window). And I also dropped it in a bathtub full of water, and after drying it off (I dropped it in the water about 6 months ago) it still worked(s). But overall, I like it.

This phone works great, sure there are some minor flaws.  It can't ring and vibrate at the same time which I liked from my Nokia.  The ring tones are much liuder though, and polyphonic which makes downloading tones fun.  Sometimes the screen will stay black for a few seconds when opened.  It might be because Iv'e dropped it though.  Small Compact and Useful!  Buy this phone if your looking for a new one!

I love this little cell phone!  How it looks, its features, how it fits in the palm of my hand.  I've had it for 2 years now, and I never get tired of it.  The phone book and menu are on the display screen when I flip it open, so I can scroll to anyone or anything I need at all times, and it has fantastic color and sharpness on the inside.  Right now I have the 2004 World Series Champs Boston Red Sox as my wallpaper, and it's clear as the day I downloaded it.  Only problem with this little phone is that I accidentally dropped it one day, and scratched up the front, and now I can't find another one anywhere!!  I tried the newer Samsung phone, but I hated the look of it, and sent it back without programming it with my Sim card.  I'm still looking for a new e105--I can't understand why my cell phone company doesn't offer it anymore.  It always works, and I never turn mine off, it charges quickly, and I get excellent reception--even in elevators!!  I've had 6 different phones, and this is the only keeper I've found--anyone know where I can get a new e105?  Thanks!

Over all I'd say it's a good phone. When I got it I wanted a camera phone but could not afford one so got this one instead. I have not had any problems with it other than it lacks some of the things I look for in a ceel phone such as*Camera*Speaker Phone*Being able to change the face plate w/o a screw driverAlthough I can change the faceplate myself it's a hugh hassle and I have to fight w/ it everytime.I love the it has the HIFI ringers and tha you can change the "service light". Another thing that sucks about it, is that it is so easy to scratch. I drop my phone quite a bit.. and it looks horrible. It still works great though. I've had it since November and will most likly keep it for around another month and than upgrade to the Motorola V300 since it has a camera and speakerphone.

This phone is definitely worth the money.  It has everything you could want, and it is so simple. i have had no problems with the phone.  the phone's calendar, AIM, GREAT GAMES!!, and the overall easiness to figure out, makes this phone the best phone t-mobile has.  the service is great in NJ! almost 6 bars everywhere i go.  The predictive text is PERFECT for AIM Instant Messages, and great for text messages, it also lets u add words that aren't in the phones dictionary with easy.  Samsung has definitely created a great phone.

I have been nothing but pleased with this phone.  In the past, I always got the cheapo freebie phones whenever I renewed my plan, but this time decided it was time to upgrade.I haven't had any of the problems some people have mentioned -- The color screen is nice, I can actually hear the phone ring in my purse, and its tiny so I can even slip it in my pocket without it stabbing me in the gut.And, yeah, it doesn't have a camera, but thats not a feature that I need as I already have a digital camera.I think its a good buy overall.  I have been pleased with it.And, T-Mobile's phone service is outstanding and you get more for your money.  600 minutes a month a free nights and weekends and truly no roaming for $39.99.  You can't beat that with a stick!

I bought this phone from Cingular about 3 months ago.  I still have not been able to use all of its features, because I do not understand what they are talking about, and Cingular is too busy to help (but they were not too busy to sell it to me).  My son's contract with Cingular is up in February, and he will take this phone.  I am going to find a simpler phone with a different company.Some of the problems I have had are the volume and the phone's features.  It waivers among too loud, scratchy, and non-existent.  Also, the instruction book is NOT specific enough for me, and this limits my usage of the phone.  And this is a very tiny phone--in the beginning I lost it frequently, and I had to dial the number to find it.  The battery life is OK.And I LOVE that I can call people all over the United States for FREE.

I switched to this phone from the Motorola T720i, and boy what an improvement.  The T720i was large, flimsy, and slooooooow - naviging the menus was an excersize in frustration.  The E105 fit the bill perfectly with its small size, good construction, and fast menus.The E105's full color screen looks fantastic and adding a picture is as easy as sending an email to your phone with an attached 128x128 pixel jpg image.  Callers sound good on the phone and not at all tingy, and I've had good reports from people I call about how I sound.  Polyphonic ringtones sound great and plenty loud, but unfortunately Samsung didn't include an option to assign specific ring tones to individual contacts or to assign downloaded tones to some events such as an incoming message.  Battery life is good enough for even heavy use, meaning you'll never run it out in less than a day.  A Lithium-ion battery is included, so you can charge the phone whenever you're near a charger without worrying about battery memory.The case is very well designed and all the parts fit together nicely.  It is not at all wobbly at the hinge like some clamshell flip phones can be.  The buttons have a good tactile feedback and logical placement.The built in organizer is very useful and the monthly calender is a great feature (you can view a standard calender layout for the month).  You also have the ability to set three independent types of alarms with the option to have the phone power on for an alarm event.  It also has a voice memo feature to leave yourself a reminder, though there is no voice dialing feature on the phone.The WAP browser (Tzones) works quickly, though somewhat oddly.  Depending on what kind of link you're viewing, you may have to choose Options &#62; Select to select the link rather than just selecting it...there doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to it.  There is also no way to access bookmarks stored on the phone once you're in Tzones - you have to exit out of tzones to get to them.  Fortunately, T-Mobile has the option to store bookmarks online in your Tzones menu.  When viewing pictures or listening to ring tones online you don't get an option to save, as they are automatically saved any time you view/listen to one.  If you didn't want it, you have to go into your phone and delete it.  If you did, you'll want to go into your phone and  rename it.All in all, despite some minor issues the phone is strong in all the areas required to make it a great phone and I'm glad I purchased it!Pros:Compact & LightweightGood Construction (not wobbly like some clamshell flip phones)Fast MenusGreat Color ScreenLoud Polyphonic RingerGood Buttons w/Tactile FeedbackCons:No Voice DialingSome WAP Browser OdditiesCan't Assign Ring Tones To Individual Contacts*Edit 08/18/04:The phone is still going strong, and I'm still very satisfied it!  A couple of items to correct though:First; although there is indeed no way to assign ring tones to individual contacts, you can assign ring tones to contact groups (of which you can have 10), and then you can assign individual contacts to one of your 10 groups.Second; the Tzones browser has some features that I missed.  For selecting links, you can use the Tzones button in the center of the navigation 4-way, which eliminates the oddities that I found using the top-left soft key.  By pressing and holding the # key, you CAN access your saved favorites while in Tzones.  And finally, pressing and holding the * key will bring up a Tzones-specific menu while you're in the Tzones browser.

Bought it in January. Very nice phone, good voice quality, nice screen. All rebates worked ($100 from T-Mobile + $150 from Amazon). I have mixed experience with previous Samsung phone - N105 - I have it since over 2 years and it works great but it looks ugly (all paint is gone), but compared to phones(and problems) my friends have, Samsung is the best.

A great small phone. Very small and easy to use. And I have assigned ring tones to differnt friends and family. Matt said he couldn't(?)  Drawbacks are  screen could be brighter--and battery must be charged daily.

I have da this phone for 2 months now and it works fine.  Compared to the Nokia (Cingular) and Motorola i60 (Nextel) I had previously, this phone is a winner.  Voice clearity is great unless you are in a bad spot.  T-Mobile's network is not is broad as competitor's but in major cities and along Interstates the phone and service are great.  The functionality of the phone is also good.  People with bigger hands will have trouble operating with one hand due to its size.  You can download polyphonic as well as HiFi ringtones that sound very good and are loud.  One can assign ringtones to 10 different caller groups which is neat.  T-Zones requires some practice and adaptation time to set up alerts and personal settings but it is very helpful.(...)Enjoy!

I'm not sure if it is just the fact that this phone is on a T-Mobile GSM network, but you have to set the time by hand.  If you  travel, your time will be incorrect.  Give me two cans and a string.  Very, very ghetto...I wish I hadn't canceled my verizon phone.  SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT LISTING THIS PROBLEM AMAZON!

this phone is great. im a 14 year old kid, and we all bout style, so when we have a small decent phone, its all good. Aim is a great feature, cause 99% of kids have it nowadays.. and yea, hte ring tones are bomb.. only drawback is that you cant preview the tones first.. great customization though.. the vibe/ring is really annoyting at times.. really annoying.. i thought it would be like the nokias, where it actually rang and vibrated.. but its all good, the sound quality is loud enough.. haha, get this phone, its the bomb!

I agree with above reviews' reports of good reception and battery life.  I've had no problem with the vibrate alert feature - it works fine for me.  The screen IS tough to see in bright daylight, but I counter that by angling the screen away from the sun and can function just fine.  My biggest complaint? The supplied ringtones are nothing short of bizarre.  It's easy enough to download new ones (my present one is the Star Trek red alert siren), but one would hope that Samsung could at least supply some decent ones.  Perhaps it's a Korean/US cultural difference.Anyhow, it's a great phone that's serving me very well.

PRO: strong signal, clear-cut reception, lightweight, user friendly, sturdy built, best of all is "made in Korea" not China.CONS: just adequate features compared to other higher end models, but if you just are casual type, you won't need those extra bells and whitsle, screen is not as vivid as E315.

I upgraded phones (and carriers) from the venerable Nokia 6100, which I've had for three years.  My first impression was amazement at how light and tiny the phone was.  Folded up, it fits comfortably in my shirt pocket.My next impression was one of despair: I had over 150 numbers and there was no way download what I already had in Outlook and my Sony Clie running PalmOS into my phone.  (To be fair, this was the same with my Nokia 6100.)  Manually entering them is incredibly tedious.  The T9 mode would initially seem like the best way to go, but it goes on tangents for some of the stranger names.  The alpha method of entering has an annoying delay before you can toggle case.  There's a function for Camel Case, but it doesn't work at the beginning of a new entry.  The phone &quot;crashed&quot; itself once, but soon recovered.I do like the ability to organize multiple contacts under the same name.  Unfortunately, if you make a mistake in which bucket (cell, home, work, email), you can't edit it.Another strange feature is storing the phone numbers in the phone versus SIM.  There's no way to transfer them, and I'm unsure why you'd store any in the &quot;phone&quot; if the SIM still has slots left.Ring tones can be made quite loud.  The standard array of tones include the T-mobile jingle, some strange polyphonic tones, and a bunch of songs like the Chinese Tea Dance tune from the Nutcracker.  You can download additional songs for a buck each.  While it was initially funny to have my phone play &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; with each ring, the joke gets old quick.  One problem is it's easy to blend into the background, another is the song is longer than th eperiod before the incoming call rolls over into voice mail.  I'd prefer some more subtle tones and/or lighting that is less likely to bother the people I work with.The screen is 128x128, with 65k colors.  This is a vast improvement over my ancient Nokia.  However, it's really only useful for small bits of information.  Beyond that, it's cumbersome.  For example, all four java games are difficult to see, and chess is the only one that's close to playable, despite the board being set up incorrectly.  There are more games available for download for a fee.The WAP browser is very slow to connect and almost as slow navigating between links.  There's a shortcut for saving links, which is great because finding the &quot;.&quot; in amazon.com required more keystrokes than it should.  Given the lack of screen space and the delay between pages, I'm not sure how useful I will find this feature.I haven't done that much with the organizer yet. As a standalone personal information manager, the screen's too small and the input is too tedious to be the primary tool.  On the other hand, assuming the synchronization works with the calendar.  The T-Zones service purports to give access to calendaring, though it has a lot of other stuff that I don't have a particular interest in.  (Horoscopes, anyone?)The phone's voice quality is good, though the profile is slightly small for my head.  Battery life is fine, too.Overall, the phone's okay, but bells and whistles need work.

I have had this phone for about 8 months now. I purchased it through amazon which was great and I've got all of my phones through amazon.The pros:Very nice screenRingtones sound nice and clearexternal screensmall sizeeasy to usecan store 1250 numbers including sim cardNow the cons:The battery dies very quickly after about 2 hours of talking its completely dead and it doesnt give you a wanring it just shuts offIt sometimes cuts offThe screen is sometimes slow to move from screen to screen (mainly with games)no speakerphoneno voice dialingThis is a good phone, if I were to buy a new phone I would only say to try and find one with a long lasting battery because thats what Im tryin to do now.

I've had this phone for almost 2 years(23 months), and it's still going strong.  There is a little crack on the main body near the hinge that's been there for about 6 months.  It hasn't gotten any worse, nor does it affect the phone in any way.  Mind you this phone has been dropped at least a dozen times, thrown clear across rooms, been used as a playtoy object with my guy friend and pretty much beaten up.  If timex were to have a phone, this one would be it.Although this phone doesn't have a camera, or bluetooth, it's awesome for what it is, a phone.  I took it to europe with me for 4 months and it worked in every country I visited.  You do have to call up T-mobile and tell them to set it up though, no biggie.  Plus it's frickin tiny!

I too have put off buying a cell phone but let me tell you that I absolutely love the Samsung e105!  I get a strong signal (T-Mobile) everywhere I go without it dropping a line.  Regarding the slow response when you open the phone does not exist on my phone.  It's on before the screen opens all the way, no delay what so ever.  It's very small and light which is what I was looking for in a phone since I carry an iPAQ also.  The only bad thing that I can say about this phone is that I can't transfer backgrounds or rings tones from my Windows XP box via IR.  My computer will recognize the phone but the phone won't accept any files.  But I can also download them from my service provider for a fee.One thing I love about my service plan (T-Mobile) is that it's free to talk to my girlfriend when ever and where ever unlimited!  I think of the people that use the Nextel one-way walky talky feature and I glad that I can call my other T-Mobile friends and family for free.

ive used his phone. it works.

I upgraded from the Samsung S105 to the E105 about five months ago. I had the S105 for over a year and loved it. The E105 is a close replica of the older model but has a few extra features plus a more compact structure. Navigation of the menus and operation are effortless with the phone's clear menus and simplicity. I use text messaging a lot, and I am pleased with the way the E105 performs with text, minus a few annoyances with the T9 feature. The phone's standard ringtones are less than impressive, but T-Mobile.com offers lots of various Mega Tones and Hifi ringers that are great for $1-2 each. I don't use the internet option often; I find it inconvenient. I also don't use the organizer. One of my favorite features is the outside display caller ID which allows me to see who's calling without flipping it open or answering the call. The lighting is good, and the sound is good. I do have trouble sometimes getting a signal in certain areas. I don't know if the problem is with T-Mobile or the phone itself. Overall though, I am satisfied with the E105's performance, and I plan on keeping it until Samsung makes a newer version.

It's really an average phone, and there's nothing to be excited about. It has its own pros and cons, but I doubt that I could put it in the top ten. Somebody mentioned that it can play chess, but, come on, it can only move the pieces!Pros:1. Small2. Light3. Has one international bandCons:1. Buggy: ring+vibration does not work2. No voice dialing3. Annoying pre-set ring tones4. Infrared is not compatible with anything5. Phonebook needs a lot of improvement

It appears after about a year to a year and a half these Samsung phones lose their screens. Replacing my Samsung S105 phone because of this issue as well, Seen someone else on here have the same problem as me with the E105. Going with a different phone this time. If it wasnt for this problem I would rate these phones highly, but without the screens it makes it into just a regular run of the mill phone with no options. And a pain to have to power it on and off after about every other use.

okay, i had this phone for like...6 months and it was fine in the first month of so, but then..the battery kept dying, like every 5 inutes. seriosuly, well..i last it like last week so i bought a new phone, the mototrola v551, which is bigger, but a lot nicer, with more features, and i hope the battery stays good! AH dont buy this phone!

Almost every review is right except the individual ringer part. You CAN assign a distinctive ringer to a specified &quot;group.&quot; It's no longer individual based, though you can make a group one person. Only disadvantage is there are 10 groups, but just assign multiple people to a group.Everything is perfect, except there is no voice dialing. Otherwise, awesome buy.

I love my e105 Samsung to pieces!  The reception is excellent, it's easy to use, no dropped calls and it weighs practically nothing.  As far as the kiosk, I was looking for a phone to replace the Sony Ericson phone that I had bought when I activated my T-Mobile service.  Unfortunately, I bought the Samsung e105 at a kiosk that sells T-Mobile service and phones but are not associated with T-Mobile.  I then had to call T-Mobile to straighten out their lies.  I asked to transfer my existing phone number to the new phone, the salesperson gave me a new phone number, instead and told me that the old phone number would automatically transfer to the phone after two weeks and the new phone number would be removed.  Instead of this happening, I was charged for two phone numbers on my next bill and had to call T-Mobile.  I explained this to the representative who told me that I was lied to and she straightened out the problem for me.  On top of that, the salesperson at the kiosk gave me a car charger that was not compatable with the e105.  When I used the charger it locked up all functions on my phone so had to visit a T-Mobile store and they replaced it for me for free.A salesperson at a kiosk, I was told, is only trying to make a sale.  Honesty is not one of their virtues.

Amazon does not offer family plans, and the number porting process is relatively new, so I want to share my experience with these processes (based on the instructions from this website), in addition to the phone itself.Got my phone a week ago from Amazon, with the intent to upgrade to a T-Mobile family plan and port my old number (both these have to be done directly with T-Mobile, not Amazon).  The new phone arrived  earlier than Amazon predicted, activated with a new number.I went to a local TMo store to do my intened changes, as outlined by Amazon.  I already have another T-Mo phone, and the family plan upgrade was a breeze:  the rep called it in and when I checked online my plan was indeed changed.The porting part was more tricky; they told me up to 7 days to change my number from AT&T.;  Two days later my account with ATT was terminated, but still not active on TMo.  After being on hold 30 minutes with TMo, I was told "if you're porting a number to replace an existing number (which I was), it's not done automatically -- you have to call it in a we manually do it."  Good thing I persevered on hold; within minutes I got a text msg saying it's done.The fun part now is waiting for the rebates to be processed.  With the changes I made, my plan and phone number now don't match  up with my purchase, even though it's all legit.  You know how they're sticklers for detail for these rebates.With the phone itself, I'm happy with it and its features.  Call clarity on my AT&T; TDMA Nokia 8265 was better, however.  I do hear the voice hum and amplified ambient noise as others have indicated.  Reception is too sensitive: I move the phone a few inches and the bars go from full down to 1.  But I guess I'm not as picky as other reviewers; I'll live with the minor phone drawbacks to save money on the monthly plan fees.After a year on this contract, I'll be on the prowl for better service as the competition heats up.

I've had the e105 for about 2 weeks now and I must say it's one of the best phones I've owned.  The included ringers are truly embarrassing to play in public, but it's easy to download new and free ringtones with the free WAP access that T-Mobile includes. The rings are very loud though, and the sound quality is superb... my ringer is currently a song with the voice and all! The sound quality is great, but I guess that depends on your location and service in your area.  T-Mobile includes free basic WAP browsing which I use everyday on this phone, and for the people who can't access their favorites in T-Zones...all you have to do is hold down the pound button and your favorites will pop up. The battery life is mediocre, but I can't really complain since I'm always making a call, playing games, or browsing the web.  Overall this is an excellent phone, the people who complain about this phone really need to do their research before they blab, I downloaded new games, backgrounds, and ringtones for FREE.

I've read a lot of reviews of this phone and it's interesting to me  how people are upset at the phone, not necessarily because the phone itself is bad, but because they don't know how to work the thing.  If you take the time to actually read the manual you will learn how to do things the way they should be done and you can troubleshoot things that annoy you.  You can delete text messages with two clicks by pressing "delete all."  Are we so lazy that pushing a button more than once makes us a downgrade a product?  I like this phone - the reception is fine and no one has ever complained they can't hear me and I live in NYC, one of the noisiest places on earth.  So, anyway, here is the good:1) Small, convenient size2) Nice, crisp, clear screen (adjust the brightness so you can see it outside)3) Decent battery charge - not the best but not the worst either4) Phone book entry option when you dial any number - I like this feature because if you are dialing a number the phone asks if you want this in your phonebook.5) The phone works - period.The not so good:1) Yes the phone is a bit delicate but that's why I bought a case for it.  Case = no scratches or dings.  For some reason flip phones are delicate flowers while brick or candy bar styles like Nokia are tanks.  Spend $10 for a case or cover and forget about it.2) The ringer could be louder and there's no vibrate then ring option - just vibrate OR ring3) Really bad ringtones easily overcome by downloading new ones at T-Mobile.  I have Vince Guaraldi's "Linus & Lucy" on mine now.4) Handset volume can only be adjusted while on a call - for some weird reason when not on a call the exterior volume control on the side controls the keypad volume.  Strange but not insurmountable.In sum, I got this phone free with a rebate and for free it's not a bad phone. I don't need bells and whistles and I don't want my phone to do more than let me talk with my friends and family.  Buyer beware - if you want something more flashy then don't get this phone - it will disappoint.  Buy the Sidekick II or Motorola Razr if you want it all.  This suits me fine and the price was right.

This phone is tight.  The guy who gave it 1 star should realize that this phone is probably geared toward the younger crowd, not old people who have trouble with electronics because it is packed with stuff with lots of options.  I had a Samsung sph-a460 before, and I was happy with it.  But now I realize what I've been missing out on.  Definately, this phone is for younger people who download music, text, etc... I can't imagine a 50 year old business man using a color phone with blinking lights.  The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because it only has speed dialing for 10 (I believe) people.  My other samsung phone had speed dialing for each number.  But damn, this phone has 1,000 spaces of storage + 250 with the SIM which is included.  Seriously, I can add all of my friends and their mothers.  Speaking of Call clarity, this isn't Sprint PCS (which I had before), but I'm certain that it's better than At&t and Cingular.  The phone itself is very slim, and I was surprised that it came with a holster and a nice earpiece, not those cheap ass ones.  And there are a bunch of rebate offers right now.  So far, I'm happy.  I know I won't have clarity that of Sprint PCS.  If you need a phone for business purposes, I think Sprint, Nextel, and Verizon are the way to go.  They have professional phones.  But if u gota be laced up with the hottest ish out there right now, get this.  (If you didn't understand the last sentence, you're most likely older, so don't get it.)

Save your money. Even if these rebates are true. Whoever you have as a cell carrier, even if your using an 80s style brink phone - your getting better service. Yes this phone is filled with fun colored crap. But even that becomes a problem. This phone likes to stop and think. Often it will take up to 4 seconds after you open the flip for it to 'wake up'. On top of this you'll start pressing buttons, and nothing will happen for 4-5 seconds and it'll finally start doing soemthing. Its not just my phone. Other people I know have the same problem with this model. I live on the northside of Chicago, and have to go outside to use my phone to get an acceptable quality to understand anyone. I can't tell if this is t-mobile or the phone, all I know is that t-mobile bought voicestream, which was known as the worst carrier in the nation. It seems they haven't improved muched.

I got this phone back in November and of course I was very excited. It was working great for about 2 weeks, and that's when the trouble started. I began noticing that when I flipped the phone open, the screen didn't come up right away. I've waited anywhere from 5-20 seconds for the screen to light up, which may sound short, but when you are needing to use the phone, it's a real problem. However, I wanted to give it a fair chance so I kept using it, even though the screen still was not working day after day and it was getting worse. I began noticing that the more you do on the phone, the slower it gets - and I mean sssllloooo[...] But it wasn't until the phone turned itself off that I stopped using it. That's right - I just closed the phone and it turned itself off for no reason, even though I didn't touch anything. It was then that I bought my new Nokia 6010, the best phone. It is way better and more durable and I love it. Don't mess with this Samsung E105 though, believe me, you will regret it. Along with the annoying problems I listed, it also has crappy ringtones. Get the Nokia 6010 for T-Mobile and toss this thing.

I've had this phone for a little under two weeks now and so far it's been good. i can't complain. I havn't been able to figure out how to decrease the size of the text when dialing or how to assign ring tones to individuals.. but it's still new.. i'll take any suggestions also.

This phone has been a tinny, pooryly made pain-in-the-neck since I got it.  The fact that so many people have rated it highly means that either Samsung has a team skewing the ratings or all the ratings are by teen-agers: I can't imagine anyone else could be happy with this thing. It's the worst case of style (and shoddy style at that) over substance that I've ever seen.  And I totally agree with the reviewer who complains about the menu and unusable cover display.

First of all, the Samsung phones are nice, but they ALL have a problem with the display not working after about one year.  Just after the warrenty stops.  I would suggest that if you are extra careful when you close your phone, it will probably prolong the life of the display.  But I digress.  I had the previous S105 model and the display went bad about 16 months after I purchased it.  I had the 1000 minute T-Mobile plan for 9 months, and then I dropped down to the $10 cheaper plan for one month, and then went back to the 1000 minute plan for the past 6 months.  When the phone went bad, I asked T-Mobile what they could do, and since the phone was out of warrenty, they offered a new phone which I did not like for $50 out of my pocket.  I had the bright idea that I could order a new phone from Amazon for basically free, and have a replacement Samsung and still come out ahead.  When I went to cancel the current contract, T-Mobile told me that I was still under contract for six months. When I switched back to the 1000 minute plan, it started my contract time all over again.  They wanted to charge me $200 to terminate the contract. I spent 20 minutes complaining to the supervisor, and she offered to reduce the termination fee to $100, which I had to accept since I would be paying for two phones.  Apparently, they consider the 1000 minutes to be a promotional plan, and they had the right in the small print to not give me credit for being a T-Mobile customer for the past 16 months on a 12 month contract.  I have never had this problem with Sprint before and I was very upset that T-Mobile would treat their customers in this way.  I have written a letter to their customer service asking for a refund, but I have had no response to my letter, which is also a major disappointment to me that they could not even acknowledge the they even received my letter.  So if you purchase a T-Mobile phone, DON'T CHANGE YOUR SERVICE or else you will be responsible for a new 12 month contract the second you make the change.  The phone is a great deal, and if you handle your phone carefully, and don't change your service, you will come out ahead.  I fault T-Mobile for NEVER telling me when I made the change in service that a new contract would be starting, and they should be like other carriers that don't care if you change plans as long as you  stay a customer.  Shame on you T-Mobile!

This is the phone I was using until the screen broke. Im giving it 4 stars because of how it is while its working lol. Really really easy to use. Easy on the text, I can text really fast with this phone. Its a small phone, good buttons. Good features on it. Easy to get to things quickly. One downfall is the service. I couldnt get very good service with this phone. While in buildings etc. Once outside it isnt no big deal, but in certain buildings ehh... got some trouble. But this is a good little phone!!! But it doesnt work anymore, the screen is black now, and I cant see anything. It happened out of no where to. Even though it has been dropped in water twice, and dropped on the floor quite a few times lol. But nothing serious. Its a good phone.

I have this cell phone for 7 months, and i can say that it is the worst cell phone ever. I have'nt made one call with this phone without the person on the other side of the line complaining abt poor voice quality. The phone goes in a slumber when i send or delete a sms. i had a nokia 3595 before, it is not as sleek or trendy as this phone, but it was a great cellphone.

I brought this after using several Nokia's. The software and the ease of use is not as great as the Nokia's but boy this phone is just great. I switched from AT&amp;T and the service in the Silicon Valley is just great. The best way to enter the telephone #'s is to use the pc and the web and xfer it to your phone. It beats the hell out of me as to why T-Mobile sends everything as a mobile #'s but there is a way you can change it by using the &quot;Copy&quot; command. I have tried it and it works.The biggest problem that I have is that the ring+vibrate don't work together. Other than a few minor issues, I love this phone, it is quite compact the sound is great (a little bit of static could be heard) and the T-Mobile service is great. People complain about this phone before actually getting used to the various ways of doing things. I wish Samsung makes it a little bit more logical and intutive. This phone not a bad idea at all.

With the exception of not being bluetooth compatible this phone is the best.  Small size and good features mixed with some helpfull additions like an organizer and alarm modes makes this a capable little phone.I second the complaint about the ring tones.

well I got this phone in december 2003 and I paid about $50 or $75 after rebate, I forget, but I can honestly say that I got my money's worth plus more. First off I can't believe how quick people are ready to rip and degrade this phone, only because it gets scratches on it when its dropped, or because it doesnt have the best ringtones in the world. Sure I agree the ring should be a little louder but people cmon if you want a phone with features look for something else like a Nokia or a Palmone treo 600. Ive had this phone for almost 15 months now and I have not had any technical problems with this phone. This phone does what its supposed to do....make and recieve calls. But now I see that people are even complaining about a free phone, people you get what you pay for and I can say that this phone is definetly my moneys worth. It does lack some features that are growing popular these days but I am about to get the palm treo and that one has all the feature but all in all I say this is a perfect phone for someone who doesnt need too many features, needs to take and make calls, wants a good battery life, and doesnt worry too much about what it doesnt have and should have.

I bought this phone (with T-Mobile service) because of its diminutive weight (under 3 ounces!) and size. Unfortunately, I am now saddled with a horribly juvenile interface. Beautiful hardware has been married to moronic software. Still, regardless of what follows, I am keeping the phone and rating it 3 stars.Now for the annoying stuff. First off, as others have pointed out, there are no normal ring tones. The closest is T-Mobile's theme song. Great. Now I'm a walking advertisement.But that's not all. Turn it on and you get tropical fish; a light house; a fantastically ornate, spinning hour glass (to comfort you while the address book takes forever to load); and an obnoxious animated "Hello from T-Mobile" logo (and a corresponding "Goodby from T-Mobile" version when you shut it off). Then there are some beautiful icons, in riveting color of course, for each functional category (including the sub-adult "Fun Box"), plus some unbelievably tacky 1-bit graphics dancing around on the outside screen whenever you receive a call or have messages. A screen which, by the way (as another reviewer has noted), displays incoming numbers not in full, but by scrolling. I suppose that's supposed to be advantageous and cool since the numbers are moving.And is there a way to turn all this garbage off? Noooo, there is not! I waded through the 160 page manual and then consulted T-Mobile. The rep told me I should get a phone with fewer features! Ha ha. Features indeed. These seem like small issues, but they aren't--any sensible person will want to stomp this thing after a couple of weeks. What a pity that such an amazing piece of hardware has been ruined by marketing dopes (?), clueless software engineers (?), an art department run by 12 year boys (?).One reviewer says that multiple phone numbers cannot be assigned to a name. This is not the case. You can add as many numbers as you want to each name (the menu system makes this confusing--if you've just entered a new number then Options, Add Entry allows you to add another number. If you are adding a number to an existing name then the sequence is Search, View, Options, Add Entry). The numbers, however, cannot be annotated with anything but the three defaults provided by Samsung (Home, Mobile, Work), but I have found that adequate for my purposes.A final note: While I was amazed that the phone can play chess (how well is hard to say, since even at the lowest level it's too slow), I was not surprised that the board is positioned incorrectly, with the white queen on a black square, and that it's almost impossible to play the game because the designers have opted for a flashy three-dimensional representation which obscures the positions and identities of the pieces.

Hello, thank you guys for sharing very useful information about this phone. Here are some new tricks that i found recently:1. In address book, a contact person is not restricted to 4 fields(home, office, cell and email address) only. You can put as much as you want about contact information of one person, say, some person might have more than 1 email address or more than 1 office phone number. Here is how to do: go to the contact person, select Option/Add Entry then you can add any information you want such as new email or work phone. Off course, it will eat up one spot in the memory.2. Customize your email address: your cell-email that your friend send sms to, have the form ten_digit_phone@tmomail.net, for instance 850339XXXX@tmomail.net, you can change to easy-to-remember-email such as yourname@tmomail.net. Here is how to do it: Go to t-mobile.com, log in then select &quot;Communication&quot; tab, select &quot;Text Messaging&quot;, on the left window, at &quot;Power Messaging feature&quot;, select &quot;Change my phone's email address&quot;.On this, you can creat spam/keyword filter or forwarding email or set up alert to your cellphone.3. To know how many anytime minutes you used so far: just send sms to #646# number (#MIN#), the system will instantly reply you. The nice thing is you do not pay for this message (both sending and receiving) and you can check as often as you wish. It updates pretty fast.4. Send one sms to more than one person:One sms can be sent to a group of people buy putting &quot;,&quot; between people email addresses or tel numbers.Although this phone has some minor drawbacks but with t-mobile carrier, it provides great quality and services more than I expected (compare with some poor services provided by my old carrier CINGULAR)

I purchased the Samsung SGH-e105 to replace my old Nokia 3390. At first I was hesitant to purchase it, because it was not a Nokia, but this phone is much better than my Nokia and it is much smaller. The color screen can display 65000 colors. Most color screen phones can only display 256 or 4056 colors. The menu is easy to understand and everything is pretty straight forward. It also has AIM built into it, like the Nokia 3390. Other features include Polyphonic ringtones (which sound like real music), a huge screen, and an orgnaizer. If you are looking for a good color screen flip phone, then the Samsung SGH-e105 should be your choice.

I agree with just about all the other comments, and want to add two more.  First is the painful way to send email - not text messaging - to others.  You can't set up an email address in your phone book and simply send a message there; nooooo... you have to type in the other person's email address as the first line of your message, then guess how many characters will be used as a subject, then type your message; you actually send it to &quot;500.&quot;Here's the rub - the email address has to be part of the message, not where you send the note to!  The T-mobile techie said the only way to &quot;automate&quot; that is to set up your templates as email addresses.  So you can only include 9 email addresses (if you blow up all your existing templates).  That's so ridiculous.  Just about everyone has an email address now, why do we have to monkey around with this klunky way to send to emails?The second thing about this phone is its small size.  It's almost too small.  It keeps slipping around in my hand.  I was tossing up between this one and the Motorola V300, which has slightly rubberized trim; I'm almost wishing I had gotten that one (except I've heard horrid things about Moto's phones).I'm not overwhelmed with the T-mobile network's sound quality, but I had such a bad experience at ATT that I made the switch.  I'm still deciding if I keep T-mobile and the phone or head back to ATT.

Previous to purchasing the e105 I was an s105 owner.  I loved that phone but I had my pet peeves about it, the keys being connected on the keypad made it difficult to dial at times but as long as I wasn't driving this wasn't really an issue.  Yes it was hard to see the screen in daylight but I don't expect to see a crystal clear picture on a cell phone, they aren't mini laptops folks.  Although it was hard to read, it wasn't impossible.  Unfortunately I went to a concert and lost that phone and replaced it with the e105.  I have no complaints, I live in a basement apartment and the s105 wouldn't get service, but the e105 gets one bar and picks up all my calls crystal clear.  I can hear the caller on the other line perfectly, my boyfriend has one as well and I can hear the whole conversation if I am sitting next to him in a room with mild background noise.  I haven't had any problems with the screen going black, only when the phone goes idle but you can change that option from the menu.  Overall I am pleased with this phone up to date, we'll see if it holds up.

I was surprised to see how many people wrote such negative reviews on this phone, seriously...I bought this phone 7 months ago and I still love it!  It's small, practical, reliable, and it makes calls and recieves calls like a breeze.  I know it's kinda delecate and it scratches easily, but that's normal wear and tear.  Sure the ringer tones aren't the loudest, but whenever I'm in a situation where I can't hear my ring tone, I just put it in vibrate mode.  Just hold the # key and it's on.  The ring tones aren't bad...I really like the "Blue Jazz" one it came with, which is what I have it set to.It's a fun and friedly phone to use...it has a special "tone" when you turn it on or off, it has lots of ring tones, lots of service light colors, lots of message tones, and the LCD screens on the top and bottom of the phone make it so convenient to use!  The buttons and overall finish of the phone is solid.  None of this flimsy crap like the Sony Erricson's have.  Overall, the layout of the phone is straight forward and easy to use.  It's really a nice phone.

This is one of the smallest flip phones on the market right now, that's what really caught my eye. I had a Motorola T722i which I was getting very sick of. Most of the Java games that ran on it were extremely slow, because the phone was slow in general. It had major lag moving through menus. The other problems I had with the T722i were a plastic casing that was very flimsy, and not loud enough ringtones.The E105 has extremely solid construction and it is metal, not plastic, phew! It still manages to be far lighter than the T722i. The ringtones on this phone are loud and plentiful. Plus the games on it are awesome and so are the ones that you can download from the web.Only complaints: Like someone else mentioned... Poor charge time. I charge every 1.5-2 days. It doesn't take that long so I'm not gonna whine about that much. Other thing is that would have been nice if they had a camera on this because the color display is so vibrant, but I doubt they could have managed it in a phone of this size. And the last thing... my T722i's screen was perfectly visible in sunlight, this screen can't be seen if you are directly under the sun very well.All in all a great phone and well worth the money.

I am new to the cell phone era, but I am glad I waited until now. I have been able to see people all around me get them and see what problems they encountered.I am very pleased with the phone and service I get from T-Mobile. I have not had any problems making or reciving calls from where ever I have been. I have even been able to get service when other could not. I generally have at least 4 lines on reception and others around me have all they can do to get 1.The phone was very easy to setup and learn. I like the online feature of adding people to the address book. Makes it so much easy to load that.I was also very pleased with the service I got from Amazon. Phone was shipped very fast. I had an issue with the first one I got (has discoloration on outside) and they resolved the problem immediately. Couldn't ask for more from a company.All in all I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who would ask.

13 months old, now doesn't work.  Shutting the flip lid will cause the lcd on the cover to shut off and causes the color screen to shut off, requiring restart of the phone.  probably my last samsung mobile phone.

It works, gave no problems as of now. I've been using the phone since 4 months. I liked the sleek built. I didn't like the  default ringtones. You can hardly read from the screen in the sunlight.

Ok, I'm horrible on all things electronic. One of those people who anything electronic can't get to work, but once in a great while. The great while finally showed up when this phone came around.I bought this phone over a year ago and it's still going strong. I've dropped it tons of times and the buttons still work great, the case is still in good condition with a few scratches, but all wear and tear. I had to replace the front faceplate because I broke it by slamming my hip into a counter top with the phone face out in my pocket, but it didn't hurt the LCD screen or the LCD caller ID screen on the front of the phone. C'est la vie.The battery on this lasts for hours, I've gone a couple of days without charging it. The ringers aren't overly loud, but just set to vibrate and it'll get your attention, I've felt the vibration through my purse before. I get a great signal almost everywhere I am and I've rarely had a dropped call. There have been a couple of times where it won't connect, not many, trust me, but with a re-try or two it'll get going.Over all this is a really good phone. It's hardy and stands up to most things I can dish out and I'm hard on many things I own. It's well worth the money.

My E105 worked fine until about two months after purchase when it developed this set of peculiar problems -1. Once turned off, the phone could not be turned back on.2. Problem 1 could be bypassed by either having the phone plugged in to the AC charger or by popping out and popping in the battery.3. Once turned off, the phone would sporadically turn itself on.Thumbs-up to T-Mobile customer service on this one. When I called in initially, they said it was likely the battery that was causing the problem - a few days later I received a fresh battery which did not fix my problem. A second call resulted in a replacement phone which now seems to be working fine.Pros: Unit's small handprint, its relative ease of use and the great offer from T-Mobile.Cons: Slow keystroke response, hard to read the display in sunlight, no auto time update and poor selection of ringtones.Four stars for the phone/service package.

I had a Motorola v60 and upgraded to the Samsung E105.I love the phone and it has a ton of great features.One of the main reasons I purchased this phone was so I could download new ringtones.The phones accesses T-Zones with no problem but when you try to download ringtones it tells you that the handset is not recognized and the phone is not currently supported.I called T-Mobile and they said that they know about the problem and it should be fixed shortly.That was over a month ago and still it is not recognized.

I have owned this phone for 15 months now, so I pretty much know the ins and outs of it.First, let's cover the negatives:1) It does not synchronize its clock with the tower, and the clock loses about a minute per week.2) The antenna permanently protrudes and may break, given enough pressure.  (This has apparently happened to at least one reviewer.)3) There is no way to turn off useless animation on the main screen.  Apparently every background has been designed with animation in mind, with the PURPOSE for said animation being a distant minor issue.  For example, my background of choice is a monthly calendar.  Above it is a large number that indicates the month (right now, "7"), but beside it are three mysterious cubes of differing sizes which rotate once per second.  WHY???  Also, in the period of time after I dial someone's number but before they pick up, there is another very mysterious animation: it looks like balloons on the bouncing up and down on the surface of water.  I would rather preserve the battery than to waste valuable power on puzzling me with useless animations.Despite the fact that I've had the phone for so long, it still sometimes surprises me with its well-thought-out design.The shell:I'm impressed with how durable the flip aspect of the phone feels.  I've compared it to other phones, and those just feel flimsy.  This one is either reliably open, or reliably closed, like a seat belt.  The earbud jack is tightly plugged by an attached rubber flap.  However, the power jack is not -- the phone came with a detached rubber plug which I lost soon thereafter.  The only control accessible when the phone is flipped shut is the volume control which also serves the purpose of activating the backlighting of the front display as well as of silencing an incoming call without disconnecting it, allowing you to silence it, make a very rapid exit, and to answer it then.  Very good design.The front display:The front display is generally not backlit but still on, like typical calculators.  When there is no action, it shows the time, date, signal strength, and battery life.  When someone calls, the display lights up and displays the person (or the phone number) calling.  When I receive a text message, it displays a mailbox.  If you are in a dark area and want to see the display, you can hold the volume toggle on the side and the backlight will turn on for a few seconds.The main display:Aside from negative item #3 above, the main display is well-designed.  In the white bar at the top there is signal and battery strength, and the bottom bar displays what actions the top two keys on the keypad will perform.  (Typically "Menu &lt;---> Ph. Book")  Above the bottom bar is a clock, and the rest of the screen is occupied by a background of your choice.  I like the calendar because it's the most useful, but the phone comes with wallpapers such as "Season", "Eagle", "Bird", as well as several other semi-useful ones such as "Digital Clock" and "Analog Clock".  The main display will dim after about 10 seconds of inactivity, and will turn off about additional 20 seconds later.  (I think this is configurable.)Visual alert:The phone has an LED next to the antenna in the top-right front corner.  Typically it lazily flashes green once every ~10 seconds just to let you know that the phone is alive.  When someone is calling, it frenetically cycles through all its colors, about 5 per second, to get your attention.  When someone sends you a text message, it blinks about twice every second.  Quite useful.The menus:Every option of the menus can be reached either by scrolling up and down through nested menus, or by entering a sequence of digits on the keypad.  Here, too, the top-level menu shows just one option per "page", with the rest of the page being filled by another animation.  However, these animations are actually pertinent to the option rather than mystifying me.  This phone is very configurable: there are separate top-level categories for Sound Settings, Phone Settings, and Network Services, and they contain all kinds of stuff.  For example, you can configure whether the phone answers an incoming call when you flip it open, or whether you have to press a button explicitly.  You can choose from the standard three languages for the interface.  You can set up an approved list of phone numbers that the phone is able to dial.  You can set the clock to display military time both on the front and main displays.Phone book:You may add multiple phone numbers per contact, and the phone can differentiate between home, work, and mobile numbers as well as an email address, by displaying different icons next to each number.Predictive text:There isn't much to say about it since it is a standard feature nowadays, but it is well-integrated: in almost every text field you can choose to enter text in predictive mode.Stability:I've heard many stories of the operating system on cell phones being unstable and requiring a reboot every so often.  Not this one -- I never need to turn it off.  Furthermore, I haven't discovered a single flaw.  (The negative aspects mentioned above are by design, so I don't consider them flaws.)  It has been said that the phone is slow to initialize, which I suppose is true, but the simple solution is: don't turn it off!Battery life:To continue with my "don't turn it off" suggestion: there is just no need to, as the battery life is very good.  The indicator has three bars total, and I've only *once* seen it go down to two bars -- this is after about 24 hours of being unplugged and occasionally used.  It charges very quickly, too.  About 30-60 minutes after plugging it in, it's finished.

I have had this phone for a month and have been happy overall with it so far (although not nearly as much as the S105 that i had before).  The one main advantage is that it is small and fits in my pocket very nicely.  The screen is a crisp color display and the reception (in NYC) is fairly good.  The one main problem that I have with it is the speaker quality.  I am often not able to hear people clearly through the phone, especially when there is noise on the street.  The battery lasts about 2-3 days without a charge (at a moderate amount of talk time) and for the most part is laid out very well.  For $125 bucks back, you really cant beat it.  Samsung is the best cell phone brand on the market today.

The ring + vibrate works fine, despite what was said in another review. It vibrates for a while, then rings... as it should. I usually leave it on this setting as I work with headphones on, and when I see my phone sliding across the table, I know to look at the callerID on the front of the phone to see if I should answer... or not.T-Moble (Voice Stream) has been MUCH better than Verizon (No... I can't hear you... stop ASKING!).Battery life is great with this phone. Can keep it off the charger for a couple days before worrying about it.Only drawbacks for me include voice dialing and no loud ring.But the voice dial is not a drawback, as with my previous phone (a great Samsung n105), I found the only time I really needed to voice dialing was in situations where it was too loud for it to work, anyway.The absence of a loud, piercing ring is probably good. The world would be so much better if EVERYone in the airports could figure out how to get their phones to vibrate... and QUIT standing in the middle of the aisle with your hands behind your back talking &quot;business&quot; through your hands-free. Come on. Everyone has a phone these days; you're not impressing anyone there, Mr. Business Guy.

I have used lot of phone before this and switched to this from Sony Ericsson t68i (and t68m).I definitely like the following features:* Full color screen looks great and a huge improvement from t68i. All the images are more real and lively. Sending images as an attachement also works like a charm. All the menus are also very colorful and work like a demo of the color quality.* Great sound quality* Nice 'ergonomic' keyboard. not sure what ergonomic means in cell phone context but the keys are far apart enought that you can type it clearly and not mess up.* Polyphonic ringtones* Helpful second display on the top with easy to silent from the side keys* Small size and very lightSomethings which could have been better:* Weird behavior with address book. Not so intuitive to manage it.* No sync capabilities with computer, atleast I havent' found it. t68i came with a free software to sync with Outlook Address book and I really miss this feature in this phone. Once I organize my address book in the SIM card, and load it in the phone, I get multiple entries as &quot;/M&quot; and &quot;/H&quot; for mobile and home number entries. REALLY ANNOYING.* Some weird and inconsistant behavior while browsing. Sometimes you have to click twice (Option and then Select) instead of just SELECTing once.* Battery doesn't last quite as long as t68i ot t610.* No speaker phone (not that my t68i had it, but Panasonic GU87a is good for that)* No voice dialingOverall, a good compact phone if you dont need all the bells and whistles of syncing, speaker phone etc... and are happy with a good stylish small phone.

Overall I really like this phone. I've dropped it a million times but it keeps on working. Even worse, I've dropped it in the toilet twice! After two days of dry-out time (each time) I turned it on and it worked perfectly! I find that pretty unbelievable! I was shocked actually. And relieved. I thought for sure I'd have to buy another one. Unfortunately, in one of my droppings, the antenna broke off. T-mobile said they would fix it for $60! Instead, I went on E-bay and bought a replacement antenna, unscrewed the back and changed it myself.I agree with some of the complaints:*Screen is hard to see in bright sun*phone book takes too long to "initialize" after you turn the phone on*scrolling numbers across the screen is annoying*reception can suck (though I think this is more a function of T-Mobile's coverage than of the phone itself. I think this is true because I've had other phones with TMo service and had the same problem)*very juvenile selection of rings tones.On the other hand:*I like the"one-touch" txt msgsing -- just push the left key and you're ready to type  -- bang!*T9 feature (the default) for text messaging is great! For those who say it gives them the wrong word and then they have to go to Alpha Mode -- WRONG! If you finish a word and it isn't the one you want, BEFORE you put in a space, push the down key and it will begin giving you alernate choices. Example: if you want the word "food" it will actually give you the word "done" first -- which isn't what you want in this case. So simply push the down key and it will change to "food", push it again and it will change to "fond", push again and it will change to "dome", etc. When the word you were trying for comes up, just put in a space and keep typing the rest of your sentence.*Another T9 tip: for contractions, such as "can't", type in c-a-n-then the number "1" key (which will give you a period) - then "t". As soon as you hit the last letter ("t") the period will magically change to an apostrophe. Neat!*Still another tip: Sometimes you don't realize you've got a wrong word in your sentence til after you've finished. No worries! Just scroll back (with the left key) until the cursor is positioned just after the last letter of the word you want to change. Now push the "down" key to get all the other word options.*But that's not all: For punctuation, hit the number "1" key. It will give you a period. Push the "down" key and you will get a comma, a dash, a question mark, and exclamation, an apostrophe, an @ sign, a colon, a semi-colon, a slash, and a number 1. You simply keep pushing the down key until what you want is displayed.*Remember in T9 you can access numbers from all keys too. If you press the "a" key for instance but really want the number "2", just push the down key for options and keep pushing til the "2" displays.*Here's a T9 feature I discovered by accident: If you're spelling something weird that is not in the phone's dictionary (and by the way you can add your own words to the dictionary), then type the first part of the word (let's say you want the name "Darrel" which isn't in the dictionary) -- simply type in the first part of the word "Dar", it will first display "Far", now push the down key multiple times until "Dar" appears. Now, push the # sign to get a space. Now push the Clear key to back up. Now type the balance of the word "rel" and you will have the complete word. It seems that putting a space after a word, then hitting the Clear key to move back, somehow locks what you just typed from changing anymore. Now only the new letters you add on will change when you push the down key. It's VERY fast once you've done it a few times and keeps you from having to go into Alpha Mode.*I like the fact that the ringers are very loud. And so is the earpiece volume.*Once person said that there is no way to send a person to voicemail without opening the phone, which is then of course, the same as answering it. WRONG! When your phone is ringing, push the button on the side -- it silences the ringer -- but the phone is still actually ringing and will continue to ring as long as it normally would, except now you can't hear it.. When that time elapses it will click over to voice-mail.*This can be handy if you're in a place where you need time to look at the screen to see if you want to take the call but need to silence the ringer immediately. Even if you have silenced it by pushing the button, you still have as much time to decide to take the call as you would if you could still hear it. If you decide not to, it simply goes to voice-mail.*Someone else said they needed a special headset to fit the phone -- but I bought one at a thrift store and it worked fine. And unlike another's complaint, it allows me to answer and talk on the phone without flipping the phone open. It's great.*Another tip: Type up a little sticker on your computer that says "If found, please call (friend/spouse name) at (their phone number)." I have inadvertently left mine several times, and someone always calls my friend to say they have the phone. I made my daughter do this to her phone and one time I got a call from the Phoenix airport in the middle of the night telling me they found her phone.*To keep names together in the phonebook, I put a common word in front. Example: for restuarants, I put "Eat." in front of each one, then their name (like "Eat.Outback Stkhse"). This keeps all the restaurants together as I scroll through my phone book (I don't really like having the extra keystroking to find them in a "group" -- I just like to have them right there with the rest of my numbers).

I've owned my Samsung e105 for over 2 years now and it still works great.  Moreover, it went THROUGH THE WASHER AND DRIER two days ago.  I gave it 48 hours to dry on top of my CRT monitor and turned it back on today without any problems!

We bought two of these phones on the family plan and love them.  They are loaded with features that are easy to use once you read the instructions...which by the way, are as easy as a 2nd grade reading book.  Congrats to the Samsung industry for not only making a great, fun, easy to use cell phone, but providing an easy to read instruction manual.Buy one...or two...you won't regret it.

I got this phone from T-Mobile about 10 days ago.  I have beenvery happy with the features, but I have had some problems withthe outgoing voice quality.  I swapped the phone once already.The new one is better, but still rather poor on some calls.  Itisn't the T-Mobile service since I have tried the same call froma Samsung R225 and that one is much clearer (and that was the*free* phone!).  I will probably try swapping this for aMotorola V300 which was just released.Now, regarding a few of the user interface issues that otherreviewers have mentioned:- When using the browser, sometimes the left soft key is &quot;Select&quot;and one click will go to the current link.  Other times, it is&quot;Options&quot; which brings up a menu, the first item of which is&quot;Select&quot;, so it takes two clicks.  It turns out that you canuse the &quot;T-zones&quot; button in the center of the four navigationarrows to do the &quot;Select&quot; function.  A single click on thatalways works.- When browsing, you can press and hold the &quot;*&quot; key to bring upa menu with the following functions: Reload, Home, Goto URL,Show URL, Edit Home, Clear Cache, and Inbox.  So you can usethis to go to a new URL without having to exit the browser!- When browsing, you can press and hold the &quot;#&quot; key to bring upyour &quot;Favorite URL&quot; menu.  So that is another way to to go toanother URL without exiting the browser!- I haven't found a way to associate a ring tone directly witha phone directory entry.  But you do have ten &quot;groups&quot;, eachof which has a ring tone (and you can use the same tone fortwo or more groups).  And you can set the group for each phonenumber.  Note that I said phone number and not directoryentry.  You can put Bob's work number in one group and hishome number in another.  I found this to be annoying since Inever wanted to do this and it means that I have to set thegroup for every phone number in an entry and not just once forthe whole entry.  But maybe someone might want to.- And speaking of phone number types and group membership...That information seems to be stored in the phone and NOT inthe SIM.  When I swapped out my phone and moved the SIM cardto a new one (both Samsung E105's), the numbers that I hadstored in the SIM moved over, but they all became &quot;cell&quot;numbers and lost their group association.  And all the emailaddresses were lost too since there wasn't a way to storethem in the SIM.  What was really annoying was that theredoesn't seem to be any way to change the &quot;type&quot; of a phonenumber.  So the only way to change those 40 or so home andwork numbers from &quot;cell&quot; to &quot;home&quot; or &quot;work&quot; was to deletethem and reenter them.  I suspect that this is a generallimitation of the SIM cards (only able to store certainstandard common attributes), but it sure limits the utilityof that technology.  Too bad.- Sending a text message to an email address is truely bizzare!As reported, you put the destination email address at thebeginning of the message text, and then send to the number&quot;500&quot;.  This smells like a user interface designed by anengineer!  However, you *can* get the email address from thephone directory.  As soon as you get to the &quot;Write New&quot; screen,press the &quot;Options&quot; soft key and pick &quot;Add Phonebook&quot;, andthen pick the desired name and email entry.I'm sorry to report voice problems with this phone since it isotherwise quite nice.  Perhaps it is just a few bad ones.  TheT-Mobile customer service rep I spoke with hadn't heard of anyproblems.Anyway, enjoy the shortcuts.--Bill

This is a nice little phone with a good color screen but the IR port does not work with any device other than a computer running Windows XP or 2000.  You cannot pass info from another phone or from a handheld device into the E105 thru the irda port.  And you cannot sync your phone with Outlook or any other PIM you may use, you can only copy the information into Samsung's EasyGPRS program for downloading into your phone.  And the last problem I have with it is that each number is a seperate entry.  You cannot have more than one number associated with a person without creating a seperate entry for each number.Nice phone but the functionality is very old school.  It would be nice if they could have a modern software package with the modern phone.

Cons: (Coz i am all about cons!)1) Bad reception, compared to Nokia 6010 (same service same place, E105 fails whereas Nokia goes on)2) Only one alarm (one daily and one one time)am used to 3 alarms or atleast a snooze option3) it takes too long (at least 3 key strokes) to change the ringer volume, plus it rings as you change it, (irritating)3) Bad ring tones to start with4) is not as easy to flip open with one hand as the other models5) well ... it does look a lil girlishpros: well .. just to be fair and defend myself here ..1) nice n light2) hides in your pocket3) overall great reception when outdoors or in the city

I'll start by saying this review is more about T-Mobile than the phone. I am happy with the phone overall. No problems and the looks and feel are very good. I also have 2 S105's and 2 Sony T68i's in the family. Up until a couple of weeks ago I was very happy with all the phones and T-Mobile. However one morning when I flipped open my S105 the LCD screen was dead. I knew the warranty was 1 yr and it was just about a year old. When I called Samsung the said T-Mobile warranties the phone and I needed to contact them. When I did they said my service was activated on the same day last year and the phone is therefore 1 day past the warranty and not covered. I argued  how can it be beyond the 1 yr warranty period if I bought it on the same day last year. They said &quot;the warranty is for 365 days and not 1 yr&quot;. Long story short after numerous phone calls and Samsung intervening they still refused to cover the repairs. I later found my receipt which indicated I actually bought the phone 1 week later so it was clearly within the warranty period. Armed with proof they finally agreed to a warranty replacement. I was then asked if there was any cosmetic damage to my phone.I told them the cheap little plastic cover on the front of the phone has a small crack. They said your waranty is void. WHAT? &quot;Any cosmetic damage to the phone voids your warranty&quot; WHAT? Thats rediculous I said. You mean if theres a scratch on the phone the warranty is void? &quot;Yes, it is considered abuse and voids your warranty.&quot; I couldn't believe it. I said a scratch is normal wear and tear and I have never seen a phone that did not have a single scratch. They said they consider it abuse and can deny warranty coverage per the warranty agreement. I told them the lense cracked 6 months ago when I put the phone in my pocket and my keys pressed against it when I squatted down (this is true). I never bothered with it because the phone was still working fine. Besides the lense is so thin and cheap it cracks way to easily and has nothing to do with the electronics going bad. Their only response was telling me I was out of luck and they can deny me coverage for any type of cosmetic damage regardless of whether it has anything to do with the defect or not. I told them up until this point I was very happy with T-Mobile. I switched over from ATT and added 4 addtional phone to my account. For a lousy plastic lense you are willing to lose me as a customer in such a competitive industry? Nothing we can do they said. I told them since they say my 1 yr is up just out of principle I am cancelling all five phones from their plan. They said sorry to hear that  and is there anything else they can do for me. What a joke. Anyway if you sign up with T-Mobile and you can't prevent signs of normal wear and tear on the phone, based on my experience if anything goes wrong with it look for T-Mobile to get out of covering it any way they can.

I just received my E105 the other day and I must say that I'm more than impressed.  It is much smaller than it looks in the pics and has steel casing.  I was always worried about dropping a flip phone and doing extensive damage....nothing to worry about with this baby.  The 65,000 color LCD is bright and clear!  There aren't the best song selections for ringtones, but the polyphonic sound is incredible and loud.  If you are looking for a phone with good reception, a stylish look, and a colorful screen this is the one for you. It doesn't have tons of features like some of the other Samsung models, but who uses all that crap anyway.  I'm very satisfied!

I bought this phone in January of 2005 from TMobile. I was so happy to get a cell phone, so i really wanted it. I had previously had a Nokia 3595 and i hated it.After having it for about 3 1/2 months i think i have it down well.Pros: The cell phone is thin, more so than most other flip phones, the screen is very bright and very readable, it has games, some applications, and a GPRS internet connection.CONS: The battery life sucks and i usually have to charge it every 3 to 4 days! The ring tones stink, and the phone sometimes doesn't even ring when it should, the voice recorder is worthless because it doesn't record high pitch and low pitch sounds, the phone doesn't flip very well, and it is really easy to dent the front cover. I have a friend who has the same phone and she put it in her pocket, she was wearing slightly tight pants, and the front screen had cracked! The battery bar isn't very reliable because if i charge it for 5 minutes the bar shows that it is fully charged but the phone still charges.Over all, if you really dont care what kind of phone you buy you might like this one slightly.

My family & I purchased this phone (6 phones) more than a yr ago. I was very excited at first b/c the phone works very well and much nicer than my previous Motorola phone. I liked many functions, ring tones & graphic that it offers. But unfortunately we've experienced a lot of problems w/ this phone after a good 6 months! Like some other customers in here have already said, the phone shuts off during conversation. Sometimes the phone is on but the screen is out! You can't see anything..  and this happens to all our phones! I don't know how long should a cell phone last but I dont think a year is very long... well we got our phones for free (after rebates) so can't really complain... just want to share w/ everyone my exp.. My family members are getting the new Samsung E715 soon.. they have a great promo on it until 8/25 too..

Overall: Great phone, Good Quality. HiFi Ringers (Voice) and Megatones capable.Let's break this phone down.Pros:-[extremely durable] I have dropped, slept on, thrown (accidently.) this phone countless times and it is still in sturdy contact.-[user friendly] I did not need to use the manual to know how to use this phone. Unless you never owned a cell phone (or any electronics) in your life, this phone is easy to use.-[impressively lightweight] 2.86 oz!-[sleek and stylish] one thing that amazed me about this phone is the attractive look, especially when its flipped open. the blue key lighting is gorgeous, a change from old fashioned yellow lighting.-[small] Size: 3.3 x 1.8 x 0.8 inches, depends if you find this a pro or not. but it could fit in a tight pocket and would hardly be noticeable. could fit in a small purse. etc.-[many shortcuts] if you're like me, you wouldnt like tapping so many buttons just to get to the function you want. I am not going to get into any specific shortcuts but if you really want to learn them, the manual shows you all different kinds. or you can look at the generous review below me entitled "a few helpful shortcuts"-[light keys] the keys are very easy to press.-[GAMES!] one of the things that impressed me about this phone are the games (includes four: MobileChess, Ultimate Golf Challenge, Bubblesmile, Fun2Link). plus you can download more for a cheap price on the net.-[battery saver] I use my phone (which I have owned for almost a year) throughout the whole day (and might I add, for hours at a time) without it dying on me. All it needs is a good recharge throughout the whole night and it's good to go the whole day. The reason why its so energy efficient is mostly due to the fact that while you're on the phone, it turns off the entire screen after being idle for a while and comes back on with the simple press of a button.-[strong signal] this small phone has a strong signal, even in my basement. I never had a problem with it unless t-mobile itself was at fault.-[etc.] for more details just refer to the technical specifications.Cons:-[scratches galore] although it's extremely durable, it scratches very easy.-[mediocre ringtones] the phone comes with a generous list of ringtones, however, I have found myself only mildly interested in about 5 of the preset tones and ended up downloading more tones instead. also, if you download HiFi ringers (voice ring tones) they only sound for about 6 seconds until it reloops, plus the sound quality is not so great. I recommend motorola for better quality ring tones.-[no camera] if you havent already figured it out, this model has no camera.-[bad quality photos] If you are sent a picture on this phone, the picture's quality is lessened.-[etc.] for more details just refer to the technical specifications.These are only general pros and cons, I have not listed all details. However, as you have read, the cons of this phone are merely minor ones and are outnumbered by the pros. I highly recommend this phone for people who want a classy flip phone at a low price.Personally, I love this phone and I do not mind that it does not come with a camera, as most phones have bad camera quality anyway. I would rather purchase a separate high quality camera.

I had this phone for over one year now and never had a problem with it. When my friends are complaining about the battery life of their cell phone, mine will get through 2-3 days without recharging it. Love it!

This phone is a really great buy, it is so easy to use and so lightweight--a great improvement from my old phone.  my only problem with it is that the buttons are a bit hard to dial because they are so smooth and small, it is a little tricky to hold the phone and dial with one hand, other than that, I highly reccomend it.

This Samsung is a great quality phone that you often see from samsung.  I am an Industrial Designer and the design and engineering of this phone is amazing.  You can't beat the price either.  If you want a good solid, long lasting phone, that looks good and is not so hard on the cash flow then I definitely recommend this one.

This phone is great.  I got it a few weeks ago and I absolutely love it.  It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.  I highly reccomend this phone and rate it 5 stars!

This cell phone is terrible.  I have had it a year now and I continue to hate it, and am finally about to get another one. The ONLY two good things about it are that it is tiny and it holds its charge for a long time.Otherwise:1.  The options for text messaging or adding addresses lock in Caps only--really annoying--cannot do lower case letters so YOU LOOK LIKE YOU ARE CONSTANLY YELLING OVER AIM OR TEXT MESSAGING.2.  Falls and instantly scratches--the chrome looks terrible the very first time you drop it.3.  the hinges and lights have broken off.  honestly, folks, i have only dropped it a half dozen times, i'm not clumsy and have never thrown it, and it's dinged and dented all over.4.  You can never hear the beep to tell you another caller is trying to get through.5.  The multi-toned ring tones are IMPOSSIBLE to hear if you are in ANY place where there is noise (store, airport, etc) because there is not just one particular tone to get your attention.6.  Individual keys on keypad are too smooth and close together so it is hard to feel your way to press certain ones.7.  People are always telling me they cannot hear me clearly, this is not about reception but the speaker quality of the outgoing speaker piece.8.  This thing PALES in comparison to its predecessor the S105 which I loved.9.  In order to delete messages telling you you have a voice mail message you have to press 6 buttons to get to delete--way too much effort for something done so regularly.There are other things which I cannot remember at the moment, but to sum it up--the visually attractive qualities are ruined in the first week the first time you drop it; the sound quality is poor; you cannot hear your call waiting beep; and your text messages are ALL CAPS--with so many options out there, save yourself the annoyance!!!!!!  Don't commit and get trapped waiting a year to get a new (free) phone!!!!

I got my E-105 phone in December 2003 and within 6 months, i have to get my phone replaced twice because of the following problem.The Phone Shutsdown after i talk and close the flip. This occurs randomly. I guess its because of a short. The same thing happened in the replacement phone also. The only good part about it is the T-Mobile Service. They were patient to hear my concerns and send a replacement phone.

I received this cell phone in Febuary, and I loved it.  The colors, the sounds, everything.  And then, four months later, it doesn't work very well.  The screen doesn't turn on right away when I flip the phone open.  It shuts off in the middle of conversations.  The reception is awful.  AWFUL.  It seems like it is just put together poorly.  Good luck if you buy this phone.

I was attracted to this Samsung flip phone mainly because of its size and external caller ID, and because of Amazon's unbeatable "make money after purchase" rebate deal.  After having it for about 6 months, I'm ready to trade it in.  Here's what I dislike about it:1. Its reception is fair at best.  I often have to stand by windows/go outside to get a clearer signal even when I have plenty of signal bars.2. The preloaded ringtones are all obnoxious.  There's not a "normal" ring in the bunch (I eventually had to download one).3. Menu access response times are laggy (often 1- to 2-second pause after a button is pushed before a menu will come up, sometimes longer).4. The time and date must be manually changed; the phone isn't linked to a time server (can be a hassle if you change time zones frequently).5. When it's flipped shut, sometimes the phone will turn off without warning.6. The phone's screen is hard to read in direct sunlight.7. The up/down key on the side of the phone does not control anything useful, such as changing ring volume, etc, when the phone is not in use.  Instead it controls the keypad volume (yeah, that's REALLY useful...)What I do like about the E105:1. It's very small and light2. It's very durable.3. The battery life is decent.4. The external display is nice.In conclusion, the cons outweigh the pros by far... when my contract is up I'll probably stick with T-Mobile but definitely switch phones.

I was surprised to see some bad reviews on this phone. I have NEVER had problems with the phone. I own the phone for almost 16 months now, no complaints. I dropped it several times and yet it was in perfect condition. Very light in weight and so sleek it fits in any of my tiny purses. Charges fast too.

I'm hoping I can upgrade to a better phone.+After several Nokia bricks, I was happy to own a light clamshell-design phone. No more accidental dialing! Caller groups and assignable rings are very useful as well.I like the silver exterior, the outside caller id screen, the color display and the outside light.  I've accidentally dropped this phone several times with no noticeable problems afterwards, so it's sturdier than it looks.=Reception is not thrilling but I live in a hilly area which seems to have spotty reception for everyone.-Functional problems:  First, the phone book takes forever to initialize, as others have noted. Second, the clock has to be set manually and it becomes more inaccurate as the battery slows down.  I miss the way my old Nokias used to grab the correct time.Aesthetic problems: The obnoxious ringtones that shipped with the phone were also a step down from the Nokia. (The pop songs available for download through T-Mobile aren't much better. It's truly sad when you have to search and download a ring that just sounds like a ring. )

Overall, I'm thrilled with this phone, because it excels at the 2 criteria that are by far the most important to me: pocketability, and reception/voice quality. I've been very happy with T-Mobile, too,Worst drawbacks to me:- Clock isn't automatically synched to cell towers, and loses ~3 minutes/month.- Lack of easy porting of Outlook contact info- Inability to store notes on the phone. Only way to do this is to text message yourself, but can't put a subject on the text message, just an automatically assigned 3-digit number.I like the vibrate before ring mode, but would prefer vibrate, then vibrate &amp; ring. WAP's too slow, small and cumbersome for me to bother with. Voice activated dialling would be nice, but speed dial does the job. A non-fancy (ring-ring) ring tone would have been nice, too.YMMV depending on your needs, but for me, I'd buy it again in a flash.

I got this phone for Christmas and I absloutely adore it!  It has so many nice features and tons of ringtones.  If you're like me and you like to check your email and go on the internet on your phone, this cell phone is perfect!  I go on the internet all the time for only $2.99 a month!  You can download some really fun games and ringtones and you can play games on the internet also.  I love this phone, I've had no problem with it yet and I can't think of any bad things about it!

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE, I DONT KNOW WHAT YOU PEOPLE OUT THERE ARE TALKING ABOUT!!!!AND....MATT HOFFMAN, YOU CAN ASSIGN RINGTONES TO INDIVIDUALS (UP TO 10 PPL)

This phone is nice and small and has some neat features but the sound quality in general is poor and the sound fades in and out.The phone is not exactly Irish tough either.

I've had this phone for 2 weeks now. I upgraded from Motorola V60 and I have to say that this phone is far superior. The reception quality is quite good and so far sound quality is good also. There are some great features to the phone such as the huge 64000 color display and polyphonic ringtones. It is small, (smaller then the v60) very light and sleek. The battery life however is mediocre. I usually have to recharge after about 2-3 days especially when writing text messages since the display is a power hog. The phone sometimes seems to be slow while going into menus from the main screen and there are no sound profiles other than the main one and silent mode. If you don't use predictive text writing then writing can a bit clumsy because of having to constantly switch from predictive mode which can not be disabled as the default. So far the phone is one of the best I have yet used and I highly recommend it. If the size, style and display quality are not that important to you then I would instead recommend the Nokia 6610. For me however, this phone is great!!!

I've had this phone for about a year now. I chose it b/c it was T-Mobile's smallest model and the sales person said that it has great reception. I do admit that the reception for this phone is very good. I've been in basements, elevators, and the middle of nowhere and still managed to find a bar or two. Now that doesn't mean you can find service everywhere. But I was impressed w/ how well it found reception. Unfortunately, that's about all the good I can say about it. On the downside talk-time doesn't last as long as stated in the description. I have all the power-saving features activated according to the manual to extend batter life and yet I'm still squeezing barely 3 hours out of it. Maybe I just have a bum battery but w/ lith. ion being the lastest and greatest it is not performing very well. Texting can also be a pain w/ the predictive T9 function. At least to me it's more frustating trying to text when it keeps guessing what you want to type and isn't even close to the correct word. I don't select the function, but it's still a pain to work around. The screen is very bright and colorful but like most it is virtually impossible to see outside even at an angle and shaded. I've had two glitches so far, the first is that there are times when dialing it just cycles through w/ no ring tone, almost like it's searching for a signal, even when there is one. The only way I've found to fix it is to shut the phone off and turn it back on. The second is a recent one, as of a few days ago, I have not been able to send a text msg. I can receive them fine, but to reply or send one I contiunally get the "error" msg. Haven't found a way to solve it. B/c of this, I'm headed back to T-Mobile to look for a new phone. Although it lasted a year, that's still not long enough to be considered a quality phone.

This is my 3rd Samsung GSM phone purchase. I originally bought the R225, then the S105, now the E105. I think Samsung makes a quality phone overall. However, they do some things that aggravate me. The holster that comes with the phone does NOT allow you to make or receive calls or txtmsgs while its in the holster! You simply can't open the cover at all while its in the holster. Therefore, you also can't turn it on or off. Also, the headphone jack is not a standard 2.5mm jack - the jack is standard - in fact, it looks identicle to a regular jack - but if you plug a &quot;universal&quot; headset in there, it will redial the last number you called - this is because Samsung requires a &quot;special&quot; 2.5mm plug for this phone - that means you either have to go back to Samsung for one of these headsets or you have to buy a particular one made for this phone.  Other than that, its a great phone. Battery life is good... I can even read the display in the sunshine (which is a nice improvement from the S105).

I've had this phone for a week now, and I have yet to have a single problem with it.  It comes with just the basic features (color screen, polyphonic rings, etc.) without all the frills of some phones (cameras, video recorders, radios, etc.)  This phone is great for someone who wants to upgrade from that old green screen to something a little nicer but doesn't want to be out a fourtune on a phone with features that you have to spend a fortune to even use (picture messaging ring a bell?).  The games are nice, and the rings are loud and very audible.  The reception is great, and the price simply can't be beat.  I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone with a listening ear.....I'm already trying to spread the word and get more of my friends updated into the 21st century.

I switched from ATTWS Nokia to T-Mobile E105.I like the overall sound quality, the color display, good battery life and the fact that it is a flip phoneI don't like that:The software is not as easy to use as a NokiaThere is no way of switching profiles to meeting or silentThe vibrate+ring feature is very inconsistentEven if I select a ringtone, it will switch back to the T-Mobile jingle for no reasonTakes a long time to initialize the address bookTakes 2 keystrokes to dial a #Not sure whether it adjusts the time automatically if I travel to the east coast

WELL, THE PHONE IS NICE, BUT T-MOBILE IS HORRIBLE. I HAD A BUZZING NOISE IN THE BACK OF THE PHONE AND I HAD TO TALK TO 3 REPS BEFORE THEY WOULD SEND ME A NEW ONE. I KNOW OTHERS WITH THE SAME PHONE AND THEY JUST COME WITH MOSQUITOES INSTALLED IN THEM. PHONES A LITTLE SLOW. NOT VERY DURABLE. BUT OTHERWISE OK. I WOULD NEVER GET IT AGAIN THOUGH.

A T-mobile station in Milpitas California charged me $200 for this phone,(...) Shame on me.I used a Treo 270 before (more on that elsewhere) and this phone as a PIM is a joke.  The Samsung software just does not work consistantly.  It has crashed my XP system twice (blue screen of death)It is a cute phone, and is flexible in tune download for ring tones, and I like the AIM interface.

One year completed without problems. I like its light weight. Easy to carry in pocket.....a robust phone..the cons are its low range of features.....but its battery life, reception.....is great

I just got this phone on Monday. Despite the fact it was $200, its a great phone. It did come with a $100 rebate so its really $100 after tax, anyway, its a great phone. It has excellent picture quality, well at least way better than my previous Motorola T720i (with Camera). I would tell anyone to buy this phone. Really I would mostly suggest this phone to the young folks, like myself. Its great features, such as AIM, Polyphonic Ringtones, Audio Cips, etc. will keep any teenager occupied..lol All in all, great phone, I give it 5 stars. (...)

The title says it all. If you are looking for a small phone to use as a phone, then this Samsung will do you good. If you're looking for a smartphone/pda, you might want to look elsewhere.I've had my E105 for about a month and it has worked like a charm. My reception has been great (T-mobile) and battery life good. The flip phone design is sleek and saves on space. It's a pretty slim phone and will fit into any pocket.BUT the handset volume is low overall, so it should be avoided by those with hearing impairments. People seem to complain that you can't see the screen in direct sunlight, but for the most part all color screens have this same behavior. The outside display though is black and white and can be seen fine in the sunlight.As far as being a good PDA with PIM features, this phone lacks. But it does have a calendar with useful alarm features. It has infrared but no easy way to sync your phonebook with a PC without purchasing software.

I HATE THIS PHONE!  My husband needed a replacement phone.  He just had to have a flip phone.  OK, he instantly fell in love cause he's a gadget-a-holic.I can't believe as much as this phone was that it's T-R-A-S-H!The battery won't charge unless the telephone is OFF!  NOW what if you need to use the phone.  The screen is now all BLACK so you can't even read it.  SO now I have to purchase another cell for Hubby.  He's not even a major talker like his WIFEY so it should have lasted 4 ever!It's a cute phone, but I need something that's more durable for OUR cash flow....

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks now and these are the problems that i've noticed:CONS- The page numbers in the index of the manuel don't correspond to the actual page numbers.- The index isn't detailed enough and everything is categorized with the definitions that Samsung use.- Text messaging is a pain as you constantly have to switch back and forth from T9 mode to normal mode.  When T9 brings up the wrong word they don't offer you any replacements like SonyEricsson.  The phone also has a couple of other minor writing problems - first letters aren't capitalized automatically, and you can't use non-letter characters when adding contacts in your phone book.- It doesn't look like it but it is actually a little flimsy - After about a week i noticed that my flip case was misaligned.  Now i always carry it using a belt clip.- No speaker phonePROS- It's small and comes with a handy belt clip for free- The colours and graphics are excellentOVERALLIt's a pretty good phone.  I still like it despite it's drawbacks.  However i would have preferred something that was more text message friendly.  Overall, not bad for -$100!
