
The phone works fine.  It had some bizzare things about it when received - it came with a European plug on the charger and a US plug adapter that didn't work.  I bought a new plug adapter and the charger then worked.  Also there were all sorts of strange photos already loaded on the supposively new telephone... but the phone works fine so I can't really complain.

Cellphone worked for one week then caused issues.unable to power on.sometimes unable to key in.This product is good but the seller sent me the worst cellphone.

I had ordered this phone to replace one for my father-in-law. He needed a simple phone that was easy to use. His old one had gone out and my wife and I felt that one just like the one he was used to was the best choice. This one came in, I transferred everything from his old phone over, and he went right back to using it. Works great and no relearning problems for him. He was greatly relieved.

I went ahead and purchased this item even after reading all those negative reviews. Yesterday night it was working. I charged it overnight and today morning it is dead. Please do a favor for yourself. Go ahead and buy one that comes with US warranty.Read the big print. It clearly says it is not covered by any kind of warranty beyond 30 days.Luckily I have an older phone that I can use while I look for another one.

This phone does tr job. It's functional and oes what you need it to do. It's a larger phone that looks sleek and is easy to use. This phone could be considered a classic. Being unlocked is a good feature; you can use it with any carrier.

My dad's cellphone broke, so he wanted the same phone since he's used to the software of the phone and the phone itself. My dad loved the cellphone.

10/28/12  Wanted to update my review of this phone purchased on February 26,2012.  Just found out my father's phone has completely died!  He's had it 7 months and it must be replaced!  I strongly urge you not to buy a phone without a warranty!Bought this to replace my 78 year old father's old Razr which he was holding together with a blue rubber band.  He needed a new battery and had left his charger in the hospital, so needed a new charger also.  The battery and charger together would have cost about $75 and we found this phone for $54!  He just needs a phone to talk to family, friends, etc., so this is just what he wanted. We switched his Sim card and he was ready to go.  He's loving it!When I order something, I love to know when to expect it and it arrived on the day they said it would.

The razer is ok but i think it might be a referbished piece since i am having with the volume of the phone. the volume is very low and its hard to hear people clearly. amazon took lot of time for shipment. overall it was not a great experiance at amazon.

For a few years I have been with verizon .My last phone was the Motorola e815 .Recently I retired and didn't need all the mins I got on the $39 plan(with taxes came to $44)  pro: I bought the razr v3 on ebay and transfered over to T-Mobile prepaid.the phone works just great and through my Parrot 3200ls handsfree sounds just great.con:When I went to program speed dialing .Boy was I disappointed .First it would only allow 20 voice tags .Then I had to record each individual tag for voice recognition My e815 allowed me to use unlimited voicetags and I didn't have to record my voice on each number,anyones voice would work using any name in my phone book .The Razr is supposed to be an improvement ,which it's not .The Motorola e815 was the best phone I ever owned ,and now Motorola screwed it up .Whats the point of using bluetooth handsfree dialing when you have to scroll down to a name to dial,taking your hands off the wheel  .Wake up Motorola ,Thats stupid .

I bought this phone because I liked the design, and found the price irresistible. The phone has been nothing but a huge problem ever since I got it.Although it seemed packed like a new phone, there seemed something suspicious because it had both AT&T; and T Mobile symbols on it (on the cover and software respectively).- The battery, seemingly new, requires charging every two hours.- It gives "Insert SIM" messages even when there is a SIM inside.- The phone switches off unexpectedly.I am "tech savvy" enough to know that this is not normal behavior in phones.I feel cheated.

I previously had a Motorola Razr V3 and this definitely doesn't seem like the same product. The build quality of this one feels cheap (the battery compartment has a thin plastic sheet, buttons seem flimsy, the front lcd is a bit stained... and the overall sense is that it wasn't assembled well).Not to mention the 6 pages manual: my printer at home would've done a better job (which makes me really feel this is a fake product).Good news is that it turns on and seems to be working, but from the build quality, I don't think this will last too much. Just realized looking the reviews that the good reviews are really old -- all the new ones do state that this is a fake phone :(So, hoping that this will be seen by new buyers before buying this junk.

My phone got here in no time. i am completly happy with my purchase. My only complaint is the instructions were in spanish a language i do not speak, but i really didn't need them. thanks for a great gift!!!!!!!!

got for my dad and he loves it  the simplicity of the phone makes it what it is. it came brand new in the box with all the accessories

f&aacute;cil de usar , delgado , liviano, c&oacute;modo para llevar en cualquier parte y no consume mucha bater&iacute;as en las  llamadas hechas

I purchased the phone for my husband for a Christmas gift.  He is very happy with the phone overall, however, this particular phone did not come with an owner's manual in English.  It came with one manual in Czech and one in Slovakian.  It was a bit of a hassle to go to the Motorola website and download the manual which was around 100 pages.  Even then, having read the manual myself, it does not seem to clearly explain how to use many of the functions on the phone.  We have learned more by just playing around with it.  For example, it came programmed to display military time (24 hour clock) and European dates.  The manual offered no guidance regarding how to change that setting.

The razor phone is a great phone, if you buy it from the store.(my first one got wet after having it for two years, with no problems.) I was trying to save money, and ordered it from here. It was a mistake. The first phone I was sent came in a brand new box, everything sealed, and it didnt even work. I returned it hassle free, the woman e-mailed me, was so polite, replaced my phone. I figured things happen. Im getting a new one, no big deal. Anyway, long story short, It stopped working after a month. Just STOPPED working. The screen went blank, I replaced the battery, nothing would work. If you buy the phone on here, your taking a 50/50 chance. I ended up having to go back to the store and buy a new phone, which if I wasnt trying to be cheap in the first place, I wouldnt have ended up wasting a hundred on garbage. So good luck to you. If you buy it, I hope your phone works better than mine did.

I charged the battery changed the sim card  and nothing came up on the screen no apps to direct the functions.Something is wrong with this phone. Can I take it to some place close by to have it looked at?Harvey V. Hoyer

For the price and the company this is a rather dissapointing phone.  Beautiful design, quite practical due to its size, good battery life but sound is not that good, buttons sometimes need to be pressed twice, camera is of quite poor quality and the memory space for the  pictures  is minimal.  After a few months of owning it, I replaced with a different phone as I was getting fustrated especially with its buttons.I hope that motorola improves their future models.

After receiving my new cellphone, I discovered that it was not compatible with my phone carrier (Verizon), but the seller was more than accommodating by informing me to simply return the phone and they would reimburse me, which they did. Excellent customer service. I look forward to doing business with them in the future. Thank you.

I like the fact it worked right out of the box with my t mobile.All my contacts were transfered. Everything was simple to set up except that I need to contact cust support possibly motorolla or the vendor of the phone to find a default lock code to finish setting up my bluetooth.

I like the slim line of this phone.  It fits in the pockets in my purse so much better than other phones I've used.  The extra features I've used are easy to use.Only bad things - battery life is much too short!  That seems to be a common complaint.  The screen gets very dirty with each use.  My makeup rubs off on it & it's not easy to get clean.Altogether, a good phone.  The features are easy to use.

I thaught this phone was going to work for Verizon. But, no, because Verizon don't use "sim'card. So I had to return it for credit.  On 08/28/2008 Thursday Amazon said I will get this phone "next day delivery" 08/29/2008 Friday so I paid next day air. But I didn't receive it till Tues.09/02/2008.So, I'm rating Amazon 1/2 star. for false delivery service. Sharon :)-

This product, was just as I expected. As soon as I received it all I had to do was put my sim card into the slot and I was ready to make and receive calls.The delivery time was exceptionally great: they told me that I would receive it between the 20th September - 9th October; however, I received the package 14th September, which was really great.

This is a great phone, rugged, simple and well-built "flip-phone" -- just what I was looking for. It is, however, an older model and the photo and video specs are really not up to the quality of modern phones. I don't really care about taking photos and video, so that's not a problem for me. It is "new" and came in the original box, but I did have to purchase a new battery. Lithium batteries have a limited shelf life, even if they have not been used, and this one would not take or hold a charge.After using this phone for a month, I am finding that this phone is a battery killer. Even on standby, and making no calls, it will run the battery down to nothing in about 8-10 hours. I live only a few blocks from a cell tower, and my old phone would last for days on a charge. Have purchased 2 new batteries (Motorola), charged them according directions -- with the same results. Not sure what the problem is with this phone.

I will have to say that this phone is the most annoying piece of garbage ever. I think it was functional for about 30 min out of the box new. I picked it up from T-Mobile (Also go with Verizon, TMobile eats it!) Limited Text Messages, no ringtones that are worth while, alerts are constant and repetitive for a drained battery ( Here's a tip motorola - save battery power, STOP THE DAMN ALERTS!) Next, how about a functional T9 dictionary, because the suggestions and predictions that this one makes are like wierd spelled w3ird and of instead of the...home instead of good...and people is puprse....I know that it's made for gooks but still keep your slope grammer elsewhere cuz we don't want it in the USA...bottom line...don't waste your money on any motorola cell phone products because they are a parasitic device hellbent on destroying every last hope of a functional and user friendly Cell Phone.

El motorola RAZR V3 lo compr&eacute; bajo la condici&oacute;n de ser nuevo en el mes de Enero. tres meses despues el celular simplemente dejo de funcionar. Lo llev&eacute; a un t&eacute;cnico y me inform&oacute; que ese celular era reconstruido (ya lo sospechaba dado que el cargador mostraba signos de uso). Es una lastima que por vendedores inescrupulosos uno deje de confiar en el mercado online, sobre todo si vivimos fuera de los Estados Unidos.

few words only...bought the phone JUST for the looks!!!and its the only phone ive had since 2005, last one broke, as the software...the worst ive ever seen!!!likw its looks, buy it...want performance? well, look somewhere else!

screens displayed upside down. dropped most calls. bad delay with buttons. Sometimes would give the blue screen of death and completely freeze. Would suggest buying legit phone from legit phone company

A bit old fashioned, but still a good phone.  I doubt that I could do better with any of the new smart phones

Well, I can think of only two good reasons to buy this phone.  The first is that you actually need a phone (and who doesn't these days?).  Finally, the looks.  That's about it.Pros:-Thin and sleek-Decent battery life (with proper battery care and charging routine)-Decent speakerphoneCons:-Many are known for accumulating dust under the LCD protective screen-Low earpiece volume-Very weak vibrate-Slow user interface, a pain when sending text messages (if you're an avid texter like I am) or when using phone tools and features-Beauty fades as smudges and fingerprints begin to show.  I am continuously wiping mine and washing my hands (hey, aesthetics are an issue for some people)-5mb of storage space only-Camera quality is 0.3 Megapixels!  That is far less than half of what you find on most camera phones today (1.0, 1.3, and up)-Device has been notorious for dropping callsBuy this phone only to use it as a phone (phone calls, texts, etc.).  If you don't go overboard with the features, everything should be okay.

As an previous owner of the original RAZR V3 from about 6-7 years ago, I thought I would give the phone another try despite the negative reviews I read. Those reviews were right on as the phone, which appear to be new, did not behave that way. The camera lens on the phone show mostly static with just a hint of actual photo coming through. The battery after fully charging lasted only 1 day with very little talk time. After 2 charge cycles, it stop charging completely. Calls were constantly being dropped. The paint on the back of the phone was chipping off. This was just the few things I found in the day that I had the phone before returning it for a refund. Amazon refunded my money so I have no complaints about Amazon or the reseller, just the product itself. It is just not a good product by Motorola. I ended up getting a Samsung S3600i which is, by far, a better phone.

Just bought this phone for a friend in the Philippines,sound is good and its a beautiful phone.just what I wanted.

The phone feels like it will break in half and the back cover doesn't staton the best. It works fine but I don't think I will ever buy a phone from the internet again.

I have received 2 defective Black RAZRs and am now waiting for yet another replacement that will not ship until after the first of the year. If that one is bad I will ask for a refund and buy a different cell phone.

Since these are being sold, I thought I'd offer some comments.  First, I love this phone.  We bought three of them in 2007. Phone 1 is still going strong.  Phone 2 was dropped or got in water (teen son) and died.  Phone 3 was virtually never used...it was a secondary phone I kept in my purse and occasionally turned it on, but in 7 years I bet it had no more than 10 hours of talk time on it.  Seriously!  It was never dropped, it had a protective case, it still looks brand new.  Out of nowhere, when I turned it on all I got was a black screen that was a Bootloader screen that gave software versions, and said I needed to program it and connect a USB data cable.  Sounds  do-able, but no go.  I've searched everywhere, I've taken the phone to various phone guru repair people, and no one can do anything with it.  They are guessing that the internals (ROM perhaps) is corrupted, or some such, but the bottom line is that nothing can apparently get it going agian.  I've emailed Motorola with all the relevant information, but frankly, I don't expect to hear back from them.  If I do get useful info one way or the other, I'll note it on this review later.Meanwhile, I wouldn't really advise buying a used Razr because it's a real roll of the dice at this point, and just know that if you have issues with what you buy, the likelihood of fixing it seems to be less than zero.

Not brand new phonedefective. I had to spend more the 50 USD to get it to work.Bad mic, people cant really hear me.It doesn't connect to the internet through GPRS.

it would not ring incoming calls I returned it. still waiting on refund or exchange.I mailed it back on the 20th of sept.

Reading the previous reviews I was worried I would get stuck with a phone without the US adapter.Good news, I got the US adapter. Bad news, all the documentation including the manual was in Spanish. I had to go online to read the US manual. Also no leather carrying case as advertised.On the plus side. I received a USB cable along with PC software to link my outlook address book and pics/videos easily to the phone.The phone is very cool.

It's too bad the new phones aren't as good as these were. I loved my Razr's & they always worked well as long as you didn't stumble & submerge it in a lake.....

I regret buying this. I only use a cellphone when I travel, so by the time I realized that this one is defective it was too late to return it. I've tried two new batteries and the phone is simply unable to hold a charge for more than 24 hours, even when it is turned off. If it is in standby mode I'm lucky to get 12 hours. (I'm not activating Bluetooth.) There must be some power management problem in the hardware.I was left in a lurch on a recent trip to Europe when I discovered that if the battery is completely spent,the phone cannot be charged with a USB cable.Apparently Motorola is stuck with a warehouse of defective Razrs and is dumping them on the Internet. It's disappointing that Amazon has let itself be a party to this.

I've had my V3 for a year now so I can comfortably say the followingProsI never thought my V3's strongest asset would be its damage resistance, but thanks to the high quality metal parts, this phone is a rock. I never use a cover, or protection but after a year this phone is still looking pretty sweet.What I once considered a flimsy novelty, I truly now see as a durable phone that I'll have for as long as any other phone.ConsThere are features that will drive you nuts. The BEEPING when the phone is low on batteries is torture. I have smahsed this phone on the ground because it drove me so nuts. ANd to my knowledge you cant turn off this feature.... its beeping right now aswell... aaaargh!Volume level is questionable.This phone is not your feature packed device. If your looking for a pda phone, leave this alone. If your looking for a slim, fashionable phone with simple features... this one is perfect.

I was tired of my Nokia E62 and its multifunctions and relatively high weight. I decided to buy a simple, not do-all cellular phone. I went back in time and I ordered a new Motorola V3 and was pleased to receive a brand new phone with a new battery. Delivery on time as promised.

I have been with this RAZR for a few days, but it has been working great. Setup is really easy. It has good reception, feels sturdy, and price from Amazon was really good. I have read here some complains regarding the inability to connect to Internet. it does connect to Internet, but you have to ask your carrier for the browser settings, and set it in your phone.  Unlocked phones rules!!!

When I got the V3, I was very disappointed. Their was a buzzing sound in the backgroud (I've heard a lot of complaints about this...).  The sound is too low, which makes it hard to hear people when you're talking to them. Only supports MP3's that are of very low quality for ringtones. There isn't an MicroSD support, so no removeable storage for pictures.I would go with the V3i, V3x (If you have Cingular, don't get the V3x, it doesn't support the 850 GSM Band that Cingular uses.), or the MING (A1200).NOTE: These phones can not be washed in the washing machine, you can ask my friend Kaia...what a ditz heh.

I purchased this phone to use on a trip to France. The bonus is it worked flawlessly with my Cingular service in the US. This allowed me to take the phone with me as my US phone until I got to France. I purchased a local SIM card and some extra minutes from a France Telecom store, and swapped out my Cingular card. I was connected with a French phone number while I was still in the store. No more hunting for pay phones. The phone also connected easily with my GPS which provided hands-free Bluetooth calls.My only reasons for taking away a star are that the screen, although big and bright, shows too many fingerprints. Also, if there's a way of consolidating phone numbers (work, home, and cell) for one person under a single listing like my LG phone does, I haven't figured that out yet.

I've been using a silver RAZR for 2 months and here are my conclusions:THE BAD:- BROKE!! After 1 month it stopped operating - the screen turned on but I had no access to my data nor could I make any use of the phone to receive or make calls. So despite the positive aspects mentioned below, I cannot rate it any better. Goes to show that quality control isn't Motorola's strong point.- Short battery life. Phone starts to beep after 2-3 hrs of talking.- Calendar, alarm, notes, contacts cannot be synchronized with Outlook.- Awful camera resolution. Plus, the camera doesn't take video.- No MP3 player.THE GOOD:- Free! (or at least very cheap if you don't buy with a plan).- Decent reception.- Universal system - you can travel with it anywhere (you might need to pre-authorize this with your operator).- Can be charged with a USB cable.- Slick, slim, cool look.- Bluetooth range.

I ordered this phone for my son who will be going back to college soon.  The first phone was received promptly.  It did not work--wouldn't even turn on--battery would not charge.  So I sent it back for a replacement.  Second one arrived.  Worked fine for 24 hours; then the outside screen went blank.  I am sending this phone back and canceling my order.  I will never buy Motorola again.  Totally frustrating and unsatisfactory.  I hope I will not get crappy service when I request a refund.

I bought the phone thru this seller, at that time i got a reply saying that it will be shipped soon. But a couple of hours later, i got the following message.Since you have agreed to accept a different item of lesser value we have processed a credit to your account as requested by the merchant.

this phone is horrible,i never write reviews but i just had to with this piece of junk.i am so angry at everything about this phone, the calls i have are constantly dropped, half the time i dont get calls at all and its not the service because my old phone had the same provider and it was not close to this bad.the battery is horrible, it dies in 4 hours on me even after i bought an extended one.i will try my best not to buy any motorola products because i am just amazed that they would put such a crappy product out.DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is my second Razor. I love these phones. They are slim and very attractive. I love the black color. I am very satisfied with this phone. It was unlocked and was new. The price was reasonable also. It works great!

Very Good Job , Thanks very much Very Good Job , Thanks very much  Very Good Job , Thanks very much

Excellent product, nice! great!The right choiceNice gift to my family. Really great. What I need. Good choice.Thanks

IT'S VERY CHEAP AND I USE MY CELLPHONE IN PANAM&Aacute; AND COSTA RICA WITHOUT ANY PROBLEM. THE PHONE HAVE A GOOD CAMERA WITH RESOLUTI&Oacute;N ACCEPTABLE, GOOD.

am having to return the product back to amazon. the standby time on the battery is barely 1 day. also the caller pic id function does not work. the camera resolution is pathetic. however i like the phone overall and am buying another one from another sourcehowever amazon has been good in terms of a full refund (yet to recieve, but they have promised).

Got this for my uncle, was great gift as he really doesn't want to change phone styles and now he wont.

iT IS A VERY VERSATILE AND PRACTICAL CEL FHONE. iT'S A REAL CLASSIC AMONG CEL TECHNOLOGY

Looks Very basic phone  and more expensive.Getting better phones for same price in the market.Not Satiffied at all.Seems to be delicate phone and not damage secure

BE SURE TO READ THE FINE PRINT!!! These phones are not made for the US and therefore do not carry Motorola's one year warranty. I bought one and the keypad has stopped working. The phone is less than a year old so I called Motorola. They told me this phone was manufactured for the United Arab Emerates and there is no warranty coverage. The only option they gave was to buy a new phone with a 10% discount. Do not make the same mistake I did.

The RAZR is a nice phone, but this review isn't about that, instead it is about the people selling it which is just as important.  If you haven't dealt with Tiger Direct lately or at all, then you should be aware that they sell refurbs and open box items and have changed from a decent seller to completely clueless.  Their customer support is non-existant and if the item is not in stock, then they won't bother letting you know.  You will sit around wondering why your package never arrived because you won't get a live person on the phone and they don't answer email until a month later.  It is better to check [...] or any other price comparison site using the keywords "Unlocked RAZR" where you will get it cheaper and can be assured that the product is coming from a reputable seller.  Tiger Direct is probably the worst electronics dealer on the net because they are so big and feel they don't have to care about their customers.  Hopefully, you go somewhere else and save yourself a headache.  These people just don't care.

I bought this phone to use for international travel.  When I tried to put a SIM card in it from Germany or Spain, I received incessant messages one after another stating that it was not compatible with T Mobil....even if I did not use the phone.  I had to wait till the inbox was full before I could try to make a call or text.  OEM states to contact the manufacturer.  I believe they sold me a phone that was not as advertised.  If it was unlocked, I should have been able to use any SIM card.

I bought this long ago and never reviewed it. Hard to remember but if I hadnt liked it I would have returned it I think it was fine. I &#34;upgraded&#34; since then

The condition was poor, would not consider future purchases from this supplier, and will think hard before trying Amazon again.  It is not a new phone, I donated it and purchased a new one from a local source.

I have had Razrs in the past, and while the quality was occasionally spotty (screen died etc) the functionality of the phone I loved.  This particular version, however, is completely NOT user-friendly.  I should have known when I opened the box and the charger was made for a foreign power source, with a US adapter.Then I tried to text.  An exercise in patience, of which I now have none.  Although it was set to English there are several language options (Turkish, anyone?) and in English, characters came up with all sorts of accents.  The vocabulary, by attempting to integrate so many languages, is abominable. I should not have to teach a T9 type software program 'what' as in the f***?Next issue... you have to tell it to auto-update the date and time, which it may or may not do.Finally - when I pressed and held 1, normal for voicemail right? it started dialing the first number I had saved.  in my SIM.Love the product design but the software on this phone, while trying to accommodate the lowest common denominator around the world, serves no one.  Pay extra from the phone company or a reseller where you know the product was designed for your particular market.

I fell in lust with the design of this phone from the first but the price at the beginning threw me off. So I'd just stare at it in the window, drool a little and then mooove on...And then the devil on my shoulder knocked me out, grabbed my wallet and the next thing I knew I had my hands on a beautiful new phone!As far as I'm concerned this phone fits its advertising exactly. It does everything it says it does and is small enough and sturdy enough that cramming it in your back pants pocket is easy. So if you expect it to do only what it advertises then you'll be fine. Just consider exactly what you want from your phone and research accordingly.I have only one problem and it won't be a doozy until further into the season. Yep, the aluminum case that makes it so durable also means that when its cold outside, answering the phone can be a temperature shock (ice cube to the ear anyone??). Good thing I live in the Caribbean, eh?Enjoy!

I had my Motorola RAZR for 9 months, and I'm glad to be rid of it.  There was slight delay between when I pressed a button and when the screen would pop up which was irritating and made simple tasks confusing.  Several times it froze up for a minute after I ended a call.  I talk on the phone probably 30 minutes everyday and rarely text, but still the battery life was poor.  I had to charge it everyday.  I also found the keypad awkward and difficult to use.On the positive side, however, it sleek and has a very bright, attractive screen.I don't recommend the RAZR to anyone looking for a reliable phone.

Is a very poor copy of the original.Initial price should be 10 USD.Do not by if you care about your money.

This phone is sharp! I bought this for a very good friend who wanted a retro phone (don't ask me why). But he is all over the item. He love the thinga-ma-jigga. Now he sporting chats allover the place! Nuff long talk too.

This is a great phone with many great features .It is easy to use and very simple for anyone of any age.I recommend it for anyone who needs a great phone with camera and video.I am totally satisfied.

I bought the product it didn't last for a day. It didn't hold charge. It is useless. Please do not purchase it.  I will return it.  Its not worth a penny.

I couldn't use it because it was prepaid only. I have a regular Verizon plan.

Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Cell Phone with Video Player--International Version with No Warranty (Black) Muy buen producto. Llego en tiempo y forma ofrecidos por el vendedor. Me gusta el diseno.

I have another razer for my other line and wanted to replace the little cheapy Nokia phone I had on the other and am satisfied with the phone I recieved.

We have gone through 3 of these phones if you just breath on it the sticker under the battery goes red = Wet.And Tada your warenty is worth nothing

The phone is piece junk.I was excited when i got it but so dissapointed when i used it.Phone doesn't work.It just wasting my money.We returned the phone last 22nd of december but until now we never get any response and dont get our money back yet.Out of 5 star i would rate this 0.

I have no problem with it so far.It was ver new.it came with the charger and manual.It arrived on time too

still have the phone . phone doesn't charge . whenever you turn the on button it lights up and nothing happen. doesn't stay on

Product arrived without a battery - make sure you order one separately and don't take anything for granted!

A good product overall, slim and nice looking, easy to manipulate. I just regret that some of the details are somewhat less practical than on my more basic older phone. For example I miss not being able to have the vibrating mode followed in time by a ring if the phone hasn't been picked up. Usually the vibration is enough to alert you without disturbing everyone around the place...

This is my fourth consecutive Motorola phone. I've owned a Timeport, v66, and v600. The Timeport was simply terrible. The v66 was a little better, but the Motorola menu had to be the worst of any phone I had ever used. My v600 was a very pleasant surprise. My sleek and functional RAZR is the best phone that I have owned. I really like the large crisp screen. The tiny external screen is a great addition. After three weeks of fairly heavy use, I haven't had any problems. The RAZR has pretty good talk time, but I'm not certain whether or not one can really get the 7 hours claimed by Motorola. The feature that I really like and appreciate is the abilit to charge my phone with a standard USB cable. It's nice not having to carry around an extra charger when I'm already lugging around my laptop and its power supply.

I liked this phone for about a year. Small good looking a resonable camera phone. Then one day after charging it for a night the keyboard sytopped working. The only soft button that would work was the on/off soft button. After looking on the internet it looks like motorola built a bunch of these with bad seals around the back display so humidity will get to the circuit board. I like the phone but it is not relialable.

I am so disappointed with this phone. From day one, I started experiencing dropped calls after about 20 seconds, and after about two weeks of use, my LCD died. I replaced the LCD and had the phone flashed, and flexed and nothing helped. It's currently packed away in the box, and I'm hoping to have it stripped down and the individual parts sold. If you're thinking about purchasing one, try your luck with one of the other models if you insist. Mine was likely refurbished according to the technician who worked on it, and there are probably alot more like it on the net. So, buyer beware.

The unit was advertised as new.  However, from the saved pictures and the current problems, I may conclude that the unit was used and most likely refurbished.  My happiness has only lasted for 3 weeks.  Two weeks after receipt the cell phone started to lock itself, necessitating to be restarted. Later, the screen started to go black, also necessitating to be restarted. As of today, the screen has gone permanently blank (black).

We could not use this much as it has major battery issues. Since I was in India, I could not even return it.

I used this phone for 2 years and would still use it for another 2 years if I didn't get a new phone for free.  I was 100% happy with my RAZR past two years.Frankly, I don't care much for all these special features that come with a cell phone.  I have a digital camera for taking pictures and video, laptop for instant message and web-surfing, and iPod for music.  They all perform much better than any of the cell phones out there because they do what they are supposed to do.  I expect one thing from a cell phone - make calls with good reception!RAZR worked very well as a cell phone.  It had a decent battery life that I never had a dead phone as long as I charged it while I was sleeping.  I dropped it many many times and had only some scratches on the surface but still no damage to the screens or functionality.  It was slim and fit perfect in my back pocket.  It paired and performed perfectly with my Bluetooth.  What else can I expect from a cell phone?  I absolutely loved this phone and will keep it just in case the new one I've got malfuncitons or gets stolen.

I bought it for my personal use, has a good camera for photos and a good description, I like the size and design is perfect.

One of the other reviewers complained about the "Next Call Only" for Caller ID. This is how the Caller ID feature works:You can either have Caller ID turned on all the time and then use the "Next Call Only" feature on your phone to turn it off for just the next call.ORYou can have Caller ID turned off all the time and then use the "Next Call Only" feature on your phone to turn it on for just the next call.That reviewer must have it set to the second option. This person needs to call their cell phone service provider and ask them to switch it so that Caller ID is turned on all the time.Here is an excerpt from their review:"I've not even had the phone for twelve hours, and the main problem I have with it is that I cannot seem to get the "Next Call Only" caller ID to change to something like "All Calls," if possible. What is the point in having only your next call show your caller ID? I don't see the point in that because, more often than not, private calls are disregarded by those who receive them. I almost didn't get a hold of two of my friends within a few hours of each other because my ID didn't show up."

I had to return the phone twice because it wasn't unlock. But when I finally got one, it has worked great.  The company has been very good and also sent me postage paid envelopes for the returns.  Just make sure that the phone is unlocked before you get it.

My son purchased his Razr at a HIGH dollar price. It does have GREAT features but he only had it a little more than a month and the whole screen went white !!! For the price and "high technise" of this phone you would think the screen would be Higher quality.If you purchase one be very careful.Dont just carry it in your pocket.

I do a lot of international traveling and wanted a second phone to pop a foreign SIM card into (and still be able to use my first phone overseas at the same time.)I cannot imagine that there are many (or ANY) unlocked, quad band phones out there on the market for less money than this.Reception and call quality are both very good.  The phone has a standard USB connector, but did not come with software for connecting to a computer.  I have seen the software selling for almost no money -- so transferring phone numbers to the phone should be possible / easy.Mine came with a quick start guide in english and a full set of instructions in french.  But, with intuitive menus and a reasonable interface I am not sure that a manual is really needed.

There was nothing wrong with the phone itself, I just wouldn't buy another one from anyone. The phones now have improved so much that it was just obsolete.

however it came in Italian and I had to change it back to English, is this from Italy? Possibly a Euro razr?

Phone works fine in general.  Two issues I have are:1) European edition phone means:  charger is European and includes a US adapter (cumbersome), Time is in 24 hr format and can't be changed to 12 hr format, Date is in YY/MM/DD format and can't be changed to MM/DD/YY format2) Volume is too low

The phone seems to function alright. The battery that came with the phone was no good within 3 weeks and had to be replaced. Could have just been a faulty battery but didn't last long. It is a UK phone so the symbols are different on the keypad of the phone. Also my blue tooth headpiece has background noise and a much less capable range than my previous V3 phone. Overall this purchase was middle of the road for me.

The phone was rated as a new product, yet it acts like a refurbished phone. The product is of a sub-standard material and will NOT last long. The back cover protecting the battery has not been able to stay in place from the beginning and consequently must be held in place manually in order to stay put. Already - after 1 week's worth of use - the letters on the keyboard are washing out and disappearing. The keyboard is squishy upon touch and the reception and transmission is poor. The phone is cutting out and has poor reception and transmission capability and is hyper-sensitive to ANY power source or wiring within 5ft. to the point and frequently disconnects calls. I am VERY unhappy with this purchase and WILL NOT order from this manufacturer again. My previous Motorola was made in Japan, whereas this one is made in China. This phone is MUCH flimsier and lighter than my previous Motorola, which lasted me WELL over 7 years. I intend to have my old Motorola repaired instead and keep this new one as a back up only.

Don't expect this phone to work any better than a Motorola V551. I wrongly thought with the price as high as it was that I'd have perfect reception and no dropped calls. Nothing has changed.Don't get me wrong, this matte black phone is slim and sexy and lightweight fun and easy to slip into a pocket. But those are it's biggest draws.Some other cons include:-The large square screen and key pad get dirty easily from holding the phone up to your face. I don't wear make-up, but if I did, I can imagine that I'd always be taking a toothpick to all of those little crevices between the keys on the flat keypad all the time. As it is now, I'm constantly wiping the screen and keys.-The battery life is not long and if you're going anywhere overnight, remember to bring your charger.-The operating system is the same as other newer model Motorola phones, so don't expect a big upgrade there either.If Cingular is your provider, the sim card from your current phone will work in this unlocked version nicely. However, make sure you've saved all of your numbers and info on the card and not on the old phone before you take the sim card out of the old phone, because it doesn't slip into this phone very easily. Once it's in, it is difficult to remove.If you have some extra money to spend on a new phone and you don't mind the same reception problems as cheaper phones, then this is the phone for you.

I purchased this phone and took it to Jamaica for a friend...it wouldn't work and when the repair person looked at it we were told that it had a used board and was not fixable.  My paperwork had been thrown out before I got home and so it ended up being a mistake that I couldn't remedy.  Very dissapointed.

Best cellphone....of course, keeping distance between our age, but i feel this product was revolutionary at his time; light and easy to use

-Phone has what I call "pauses", in which it just goes blank in mid-text or call or whatever, and is useless for up to 20 seconds, before it goes back to normal (often causing a text message to be lost since you've pressed buttons during the pause)-Phone cuts out during calls-Poor, poor reception - it fails to work in places other people's mobiles have no problem with-Every now and then the phone just freaks out and the screen flashes white, and it must be set aside for anywhere between 2 minutes and half an hour-Phone just sometimes stops working - blank screen, can't turn it on or off. I went as far as going to the store to get it replaced when it started working again-The ring tone changes of its own accord. I kid you not, you set it to vibrate, then later on it will ring out on "loud".In short, I would cut off a finger before recommending this phone to even my worst enemy. A terrible failure of a product. Was it designed and assembled by chimpanzees? My last ever Motorolla product.

I will never buy another refurb phone. I was not happy at all.When I purchased this phone, I expected it to be fully functional,IT WAS NOT. I could not access the Internet or recieve text messaging with pictures. The only thing it did, was make and receive calls. Was not worth the money.

I've been a Motorola fan since early 90's (remeber the brick), I've tried for days ericsson ~ nokia and I feel out of place. So I know when I'm talking Moto.There's a phrase that surmises the V3 "It makes me feel all warm inside" Motorola hit a grand slam with this baby...Thin, sleek, functional, wow! I really look forward to newer and better devices in the future.There's still hope for Shaumburg!!!! Way to go Zander & Garriques!!!

What I received was definitely a knock-off, not an actual motorola razr. It worked fine as a phone, but none of the data features worked, the manual was a poorly-bound photocopy, and all the parts were missing moto holograms. The buttons are also crooked, but seem to work okay. If it were $20 instead of $50, I'd complain less. Still probably not worth returning and fighting with the seller.

I bought this cell phone for my brother who does not live in the US, when he set the phone on charge first, it wasn't getting charged at all, showed it at a Motorola Showroom and found out the battery was dead. He had to replace the battery. I would not repeat buying similar products again.

The phone dials numbers while I try to backspace. Their is also a glitch in the screen. Also the phone screen goes blank

This phone sucks!!! I am not usually picky about "technology" products. However, when there is a very noticeable difference between my old, cheaper phone, and a new, more expensive one, I cannot help but wish I bought another phone.Here are the things that I hate about the RAZR the most (there are more, but they are things that I can, more-or-less, tolerate:1. It's too slow. Whenever you're scrolling through a list and pressing a "down" or "up" button a multiple times, it still scrolls with it's usual speed, however, when you stop pressing the button, it keeps on scrolling the number of times that you pressed that button.2. Most downloaded ringtones sound terrible when you play them on this phone. Seriously, it sounds as if you're hitting glass bottles.3. I hate the fact that if you assign a ringtone for a particular contact, this phone plays this ringtone when that contact sends you a text message, instead of just a beep for all incoming text messages. This gets really annoying when you're texting back-and-forth with a person. I don't wanna hear that loud ring every minute. Text messages are not usually urgent. A beep will suffice.4. The phone is not loud enough. I'm not talking about the rings. I'm talking about the fact that it's hard to hear the person on the other line.5. This phone doesn't have a notepad (where you can store miscalleneous information) like all the other phones. Now I have to find "creative" ways in which I can store my information, for example, by saving it as a text message draft.6. Not enough memory for old text messages. All other, cheaper phones let you store a good amount of text messages. This one doesn't.The reason I have this phone 2 stars and not 1, is because there are a few things that I like about the RAZR:1. I like the big screen.2. I like the fact that you can put your phone on "Silent" and still have your alarm ring. This phone allows you to set the volume of the rings for teh incoming calls and the volume for the alarm separately.3. I like the fact that you can set up many alarms and then activate them when you need them.

Pretty, little and smart phone! No problems so far, not even after couple of falls!

The best phone I have owned yet!I use this phone strictly for calls...I'm not interested in much of the other gimmicks many phones have.  The Razr V3 is small not obtrusive and well designed.  If your someone who needs to have a phone on with you constantly, here is one that is a joy to carry while giving exceptional service with a great deal of style!

I bought this phone for my mom, in the description it states that this was a BRAND NEW PHONE. that was so far from the truth its not even funny. The hinge was broken and it still had music on it from the previous owner. Needless to say, I will never purchase from this "company" again nor will I recommend it.

It will FALL APART!I did not put this phone through anything but the normal, daily use required of any cell phone and yet here it is, only five months later, disintegrating before my very eyes.  Truly.  The whole thing is coming apart like a 3,000 year old bird skeleton. The hinge caps keep falling off, the case is starting to warp, the LCD is becoming unhinged, the release button is broken, and the back plate sits crooked.  Again, I have not done ANYTHING to damage this phone.  This was the result of normal wear and tear. Seriously.In addition to it's short life-span, there were plenty of other problems I experienced during normal use.  The "sweet spot" on both the receiver and the mic were so fine that I found myself pressing and sliding the phone against my head to find the perfect angle. If I didn't, people couldn't hear me or I couldn't hear them.  My phone also experienced a lot of electronic interference with random devices in my house (computer, stereo, TV, robot servant) and I would sometimes have to step outside to get reception.But setting all that aside, the most important factor remains:IT WILL FALL APART!!Do not get a RAZR.  Luckily I had phone insurance.  When I called and asked for a replacement the Cingular operator himself told me that they receive THREE TIMES more RAZR claims than any other phone.  He then suggested I go with an LG CU500.  I haven't received The LG yet so I can't vouch for it over my RAZR, but at this point, anything will do.RAZORS are for SHAVING.  I suggest you keep it that way.

I ordered this because my old razor was falling apart. Thinking I could just swap out sim cards and "tada" my razor would keep on trucking. The razor has been the best phone ever for me and I wasn't ready to give it up. Well, the phone I received WAS TOTAL JUNK. My original razor was from at&t and this one was from cingular. THEY ARE NOT COMPATIBLE. I will be sending this back for a refund. Goodbye razor. Tomorrow I enter the iphone world.

This phone isn't as durable as I thought it would be I feel it's a cheapley made phone, it's thin structure is easily breakable after a week or so I had to order another one cuz it got a lil condensation in it and the screen went blank

Took time for the battery to function properly and I considered returning the phone. With time it has become reliable. Patience was useful.

Do not buy a phone like this does not work. The phone worked less than thirty days display went dark.  JUNK

This is some kind of cheap Euro knock-off of the RAZR. I previousluy owned one I got with a T-mobile plan and the second I opened this one I knew it was of inferior quality. I've had it four days and in that time the battery icon has been playing up and one of the side buttons just, well, kinda fell off. It's going back.

Like some other reviewers, the phone I received had charging problems.  Even with the power cord firmly seated into the phone, and the phone resting on a table, charging is intermittent.  A phone that isn't guaranteed to charge over night when sitting on the nightstand is pretty useless.

Good phone, but the older ones sounded better. The quality of sound isn't on par with the original or the newer phones.

I had a Motorola V190 and I wanted the RAZR cause it looked much more cool and my husband had one and liked his.  So, I bought a magenta RAZR.  I really liked the way it looked, it was easy to use and the talk/standby time was good.  However, about a month after I got the phone it started powering down on it's own or the screen would go white (if during conversation it would disconnect).  I bought a new battery thinking that was the problem...it wasn't.  My husband then was going to upgrade the firmware on it only to discover that the phone already had the most recent firmware.  I did use the phone for about a year as it only powered down about twice a month but after about a year it started powering down daily.  It wasn't convenient to have it power down during an important conversation.  So, I took the SIM card out and put it back in the V190.  The V190 may not "look" cool but at least it's reliable.  I now have a KRZR K1, but I will hold on to my V190 just in case.  My husband never had a problem with his RAZR but I do know a couple of other people that had the same problem with theirs.  I would never buy another RAZR.

Not much to say. It is exactly what the description says it is. Worked with 4 different carriers in 2 different countries.

I had a RAZR V2 and it was the best cell phone I ever had so I up graded to the RAZR V3 late last year (2007).  The RAZR V3 is by far the worst cell phone that I've owned.  It is beautiful and has great features but it keeps failing I have had 5 of these phones so far (the original purchased one plus 4 refurbished replacements) 1st phone: after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 2nd phone would not charge from the get go / 3rd phone after about a month the screen would no longer light up / 4th phone after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 5th phone has been working for about a month now.  I really like the RAZR phones, WHEN THEY WORK but this V3 model has been terrible and I would rate it lower than 1 star if possible.

I bought this phone for my husband because he really liked his previous one, however this phone does not hold up well in professions such as mechanic work.

The worst ever! I had it for only one week and had to return it... thank God! Main problem: BATTERY. Terrible battery life. I'm not a big talker at all! You will need to charge this phone every night.

Got this phone less than 1 year.  But, now as I talk, the phone becomes so hot that it hurts my ear and my hand.  I hate this phone.  It's a piece of junk.  It looks fancy but not practical.  And then I have to charge it every night otherwise, the battery dies so quickly even though I hardly use my phone.

it was unlocked. Works well. It can be used to give as a gift or can be used for ourselves.i jsut liked it.

This is the first "expensive" cell phone I've owned. I love the look, feel and performance of this phone. I mainly use it as a phone, although it has a built-in camera, Bluetooth, etc. Works very well with my service provider (T-Mobile).

You can get this phone much cheaper with a US adapter. Buy it from Cingular as a go-phone for 219 with tax. It is immediately ready for use with your pre-existing cingular plan or go to motox.us to unlock the phone and add features like the video camera if it isnt inculded.

The phone will not turn on does that mean it has to get sim card?  Usually you buy a phone It can be turned on.  It is charged.  I follow instructions.

There were pictures of more accessories then were provided.  The company was reasonable to work with for a return but did take a restocking fee for an item that was not opened.  I received the item second hand as the protective coverings had paper stuck to it, appearing that it had been removed and re-applied.  Overall not an aweful interaction, but I was hoping for more.

I love my unlocked motorola phone.  I took it to Italy and Portugal and was able to buy the local sim card there - and used it to call back home for half the price of what my carrier would have charged me to use their service - the phone worked great - and i dropped it -oooops several times and it still worked perfectly!!!! No regrets and I'm looking forward to using it more internationally - it worked great in Mexico as well - AMazon was perfect - no complaints!

It only worked for 1 day then it went dead and would not charge. They sent me a new battery but it would still not work. Sent phone back for a refund.

I see this phone has mixed reviews. Let me add my two cents.It's not a bad phone at all. It has Bluetooth, which can gather some decent ringtones, and it has a camera and video, though those aren't that great. It's nice and thin, with a bright screen. The only bad thing is that I don't know how to get online with it.One more thing: This phone can take a beating. My mom accidentally washed it, a few months ago, and it's made a full recovery, sans the camera, which is busted.

I have yet to receive this merchandise and their is no contact info. Please help me AMAZON!

It has been a very satisfactory phone. I would suggest getting US phone charger in place of the foreign one and adapter that came with the phone.Good value for the Money

i tried lot of different set of motorola RAZR V3 on different network. but this is the worse i have ever seen. V3 from verizon and as wel as on t-mobil all of them and not good. the screen goes off. some time it jams for no reason. over all this product is not good at all.

I've gone through a number of Nokia, Ericsson and LG phones, but I have never enjoyed a phone as much at my RAZR.It is thin enough to carry in my front pocket, but big enough to hold comfortably while talking.  I like the look, it has a decent camera, bluetooth, a sensible plug (unlike my Nokias), the battery life has been excellent.  It is generally a convenient, well designed phone.  This alone makes it worth a recommendation.  But the reason I really love this phone, and the reason you should seriously consider it -- it is rugged and extremely well built.I was at the top of a four story open stairwell, as I pulled it from my pocket I clumsily dropped it over the rail.  It fell cleanly down the center of the stairwell - I'm guessing over 45 feet - and cracked against the hard concrete floor.  I rushed down to get it, knowing nothing could survive a fall like that, and found it working like nothing happened.  Not only does it still work great - it didn't even get scratched or dinged by the fall.  I know enough about physics to be completely baffled.I have no idea how they can make such a thin, refined phone so darn rugged, but thanks to the Motorola's engineers and factory for putting together such a high quality product.

Quick notes on this phone is is german and can not be changed. Phone also makes a buzzing noise. Can't get or receive pictures. I have had another razr and this one had a cheap look and feel to it. Think it was a knock off.

The only problem I think with this phone is that it is too fragile. It is not as durable as some of those Nokia models or Sony models... Once you drop this one (even from a height of 1 feet), come back here and search for good deals on cell phones, cuz you are gettin' yourself a new one! Congratulations!!!

I bought this phone to replace my very tired and worn out RAZR.  I'm a big fan of the RAZRs.  They don't take a beating like some phones, but they're slim and easy to use.  If you are really hard on your phone, I'd recommend a Nextel instead.This package includes a European charger with a US adapter.  It works just fine but the American version is much more compact.

Very reasonable price for this gadget. Loved the functions. Everything is very intuitive on it, you don't need to be a tech-maniac to operate it. So far, it is one of the best phones I ever owned.

While the seller was great and replaced the first defective phone, the second one was not much better. First phone would not charge. The second one charged okay, but would suddenly lose signal with a loud static and the screen would go white. Sometimes had to remove battery and replace it before phone would work. Previous two RAZRs (both more expensive models) were great, but would not recommend this model.

I read the other reviews, heard about the dreaded "white screen" and figured it couldn't happen to me.It did.  Now I will be without this POS until Motorola can fix what apparently is a design flaw.  There is a problem with the flip design as, like others, my phone shuts off when I close it, or it will shut off during a call, or it will cycle off at any time-with no warning.Of course it is 6 days past the return point for Amazon.I really used to like this phone-but I need reliable.

This phone is a piece of junk. The phone i received had AT&T logo on it. The phone feels like made from cheap material. I used to have the RAZR before and it was good. Believe me unless you want to waste your money and time, DO NOT buy this junk. I am sending this back today.

$60 for a phone from the stone ages...? Your money is better spent on literally anything else. Not to mention, the phone wasn't even that good in its prime...

The first one I got from the seller could not be turned on properly. The seller promised to send me another one once I mailed the first one back. The second one functioned normally only for a few hours. Then it showed a sign of "emergency call only". Can not receive incoming call or make a phone call. Finally, I realized the seller just got a bunch of defected products in a very low price then sell them to anyone looking for a good bargain. Really learn a lesson from amazon.com. I would like to rate this item "0" but then can not post my review. So do not be fool by that "single" star.

hello amazon buyes, please do not waste your time and money on this piece of CRAP. the phone does not work and is not genuine. the buyers claim to refund the full cost of phone +shipping if the phone does not work, but they just returned the cost of the phone and did not retrun the shipping cost of 19$. they claim that the phone is working even when its not.

I've had this phone just about six months.  Total disaster. I flip it open and it goes blank. I touch it gently and it goes blank. Sometimes the screen comes back to life, sometimes I have to press the on button for about 2 minutes to get the screen back. Frustrating and useless is what this phone has become. Most people I know who have this phone hate it. I just ordered the Blackberry Curve. As soon as I get it I'm taking the RAZR V3 and smashing it into a million pieces.

But I tried twice to have the software updated to get it to work with my local service provider, T-Mobile.  The online browsing still does not work.  And as for the voice-activated dialing, I can't get that to work, either.  I have another Razer, purchased locally from T-Mobile and it works on that one.

I've been using a black RAZR for 3 months and here are my thoughts:THE GOOD========- FREE!! with a T-Mobile 1-year family plan- Better reception than my previous, 3 yr-old Nokia handset (6610)- Can use the same phone when travelling in Europe, Asia. Just need to get a pre-paid SIM chip locally.- Can be charged from laptop using included USB cable.- It's BLACK.THE OK======- Passable voice quality. (Maybe it's just because it's GSM technology, and coverage is not fantastic in outside of cities.)- Slim profile, though a little heavier than my previous handset- Nice colors in screen. Great ringtone sounds. Though these are pretty standard nowadays.- Decent bluetooth range. Paired this with a Jabra BT800 headset and I can run into the coin laundry with my ear piece and still connect with the phone in the car outside.THE BAD=======- Short battery life. 7 hours talk-time as advertised is a imaginary. Phone starts to beep after 2-3 hrs of talking.- Organizer (calendar, alarm, notes, contacts) doesn't sync correctly with Outlook.- Oily screens!! The inside and outside screens and the metallic keypad get oily fingerprints after every use (is it just my skin?!) Looks yucky and kinda destroys all the aesthetics.Tried wiping now and then but notice minor scratches start to accumulate. (My clothes are not always cotton and I don't usually carry eye glass cloth.)- Low camera resolution. Other new phones have close to twice that resolution. Pics always kinda dark.- Camera doesn't take video.- No MP3 or radio. Some of the newer Nokia and Sony models are close to iPod Shuffle capacity already.

Do not waste your time or money on this phone. Of course it starts off working fine but as time goes on things start going wrong. I have had this phone for a year and am not happy at all with it.The battery life is not what it advertises (6 hours). If your downloading ring tones, clips, videos or anything else you will be lucky if your battery life is 2 hours.As time goes on don't expect to get all your text messages in a timely manner and then when you do get them you will get them more then once (that could be the provider's fault but other people who have other providers have told me they have the same problem).If you plan on doing any videos on this phone make sure you have a large enough space on your sim card or buy one with a large enough space to hold video. Pictures are only good during the day or in really good lighting.I know not all cell phones have great sound but this one really does not have great sound. It also comes with minimal ring tones so be expected to buy plenty if your into ring tones. I personally hate the sound that it makes coming on and the Hellomoto ring tone.If you do plan buying this phone make sure you get a cover or protector for it because once you drop it it's all over.Just know that when you go with a provider most contracts are for 2 years. Thank God when I got this phone my contract was only 18 months. I think I would have died if I had to stay with this phone any longer.Read all the reviews on this phone and seriously consider the cons on this phone before you buy into the pros.

I went on Amazon looking for a "CRICKET" phone and the RAZR-3 cell phone advertised by "Amazing deals" was one of the phones that came up in the search.I liked the quality of MOTOROLLA and was looking for a flip-phone.I read all the details about the phone and no where inthe ad does it say this is a T-Mobile phone. So I bought the phone,recieved it in the mail and took it down to my local CRICKET storeand was informed that it could not be activated because it is not a CRICKET phone. I tried contacting the seller about their unwillingness to pay for the return.there response was that; the ad states the phone will not support a CDM network whatever that is.In PLAIN ENGLISH why not just say that this is a T-MOBILE phone.  BUYER BEWARE

I bought this phone as a gift, it's very good quality, great features!!!  I even have one myself.

Don't buy phone fell apart after a month dropped calls and would cut off mid conversation buyer beware.thats it thats all

Great phone functionality wise, but horrible hardware quality.  My third replacement phone just stopped working- one week after the one year (cingular) warranty expired.All three failures were the same problem- the keypad stops functioning except for the end/power button.I guess it is just a form-before-function problem, as my Nextel Motorola i730 (work phone) doesn't skip a beat after 3 years of drops, tosses, kicks, etc...I'm bitter and I have no other recourse than to post a bad review since Cingular and Motorola now say it's my problem.  I'm sure it will hurt them dearly...  LOL

Have owned two in the past two years and my daughter has another one.  Reliable, inexpensive, practical, easy to use.  Tons of accesories and add-ons.  One of the best, if not the best, Motorola has ever made.

Three reasons not to buy this phone:1. It may be unlocked, but it is not unbranded. It still says AT&T; every time you turn it on, in the menu, and on the battery cover.2. The battery loses its charge within a day.3. It does not ship with the advertised "European charger with U.S. adapter". It is simply a U.S. charger.This phone is simply a lemon, and reading other reviews I realize I am not the first person to say so. Don't make the same mistake we did!

I knew that this device didn't have a warranty, but I couldn't believe that it wouldn't even turn on when I first opened the package. I plugged it in and it showed that the battery was invalid. This was a huge waste of time and money. I am writing this review late because I first sent it to someone as a gift. My friend was embarrassed to tell me that I gave him a defective product.

I loved this phone but the warranty is poor. I wear my phone constantly on a belt holder and apparently the phone got some moisture on it. I am not talking about getting wet but moisture from day to day activities. Apparently this phone has a indicator in it that turns redish/pink when exposed to moisture and the warranty is void.I ended up having to buy a brand new phone because Motorola would not replace.Needless to say I did not but a RAZR. I treated the phone the same as I do all my phones and have never had one quit due to this before or after the RAZR. In my opinion this is poor design/poor support and I will not spend the money for this phone again even though I love the functionality and setup of this unit.

The nice thing about this phone is that it's thin, but it comes with lots of drawbacks.  The phone is rather wide and when using a bluetooth wireless headset you lose your individual ringers so you don't know who's calling.  If there's ever a time you don't want to look at the phone to see who's calling it's when you've got a wireless headset.  My biggest gripe with this phone though is you can't hear it.  Even with the volume turned all the way up it's nowhere near loud enough.  You need to be in a dead quiet room to hear your voicemail, for example.  Lastly they're rather unreliable.  I had to exchange mine twice due to display failures and the one I've got now the outside screen doesn't sit right, it sits down below the metal edge.

i bought this to replace a cingular phone and works well. package came with a europe charger and a cheap plug adapter, but had the manuals and everything seemed legitimate. box wasn't sealed and think the product was manufactured in 2005 but again, everything works well.i miss the nokia UI but battery time is okay and reception seems fine. haven't been able to find a driver for vista yet so haven't been able to charge via usb.i would buy this unlocked phone again.

I purchased three of them in 2 weeks.  The phone is great, but they all have the same problem:  the battery doesn't stay firm in its place and the phone turns off every 5 minutes.

This is a cool phone, easy to use and all the features are nice and easy. The worst part is reception. I had many phones before and never such a bad signal. Inside the building-forget about it in most situations. Trees, rain -everything is on the way!!!Do not recommend if you like to know that someone is calling you or texting right a way, and not wait until you will get a reception. !

my husband who is hard on phones. It is in excellent shape. Very much &#34;like new&#34;. He is thrilled. Would use this seller again.

I purchased this phone from Amazon and it is exactly as advertised.  The charged is 110v-220v type for Great Britian, and comes with a US adapter.  No problems so far.  I have a sim card for US pre-pay service through T-Moble, and the phone works as well as a cell phone plan.  I also purchased a Germany sim card for my next trip in October.Great purchase.  Highly recommended.

Please don't buy this one. Its not an original motorola device. Its not worth for this money. If you want I can send the picture of the phone which I bought it.

I have found that although it is fairly easy to use, it drops a LOT of calls and also seems to "lock up" quite often.  There have been several times that I have tried to use it and it will shut down or freeze and take up to a minute to become usable again.  I've also had many calls I didn't receive, but almost immediately had a message indicated.  It doesn't ring, even though I show that I have good signal.  I think my next purchase will be another NOKIA.  I've had quite a few and they have never given me these kinds of problems.

At first when I got my razr, I almost panicked because I thought it wasn't unlocked and that it couldn't be used for T-Mobile, only for Cingular. Since I have T-Mobile I tried my sim card and it worked. Thank God. It has the Cingular logo, which I wish it didn't have, but thats okay. Its a gift and I hope they enjoy this phone. Its one hot phone that I wish I had for myself. I liked the fast shipping. Thank you Sunshine.

phone works well with my t-mobile plan but not able to send or recieve picture messages.  the wall charger also needed the US attachment to plug in - but was included

I have no complaints about this phone.  I have Cingular and to this point this is the only phone that gets reception in my house.  I have had a great experience with this phone so far.  I've had it for about 3 months.

started getting use to the motorola  v3 and found it fairly friendly to use. ring and vibration wasa bit too low and soft for my taste.then after two weeks of use, the ringtones stopped working.. all i would get is vibes. i missed many calls and all the people i turned towant lots of money to restore the ring.i am outside the u,s,a , so cannot even think bout returning it.

Great phone for travel. Easy to understand and use without confusing the not so technical person.Clean and efficient. Thanks

But I thinks this phone is not newI think looks like newin fact it is okThank you

Everything I received was in tiptop shape. I even received software for downloading pictures, creating ringtones, syncing with Outlook, etc. It was easy to install and works with ALL Motorola phones. My friends with a RAZR didn't get the software!Keep in mind this is the EUROPEAN version of the RAZR. This means that "personalize" is spelled "personalise", "center" is spelled "centre", and call fowarding is called "call divert."(Considering I saved $100 I don't mind putting up with British spelling!)I popped in my sim card and I was using it instantly. I'm not found of the vertical phone holder because it bunches up and pinches. So, I bought the sideload leather pouch (about $10) and I am extremely pleased.

POS phone.  Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.  Everything else has to be stored in an extremely limited phone memory.  There are many better phones for the money.  I am disappointed with Motorola and they have definitely taken a turn for the worse in quality.

it is just what we expected.  Very nice and confortable to use.The only problems they have is that they get a bit hot when you talk,but in general they are very good Cel Phones.  These days you can not getnew flip phone models, so this is one of the best left before the dissapear for good.

Junk.Sent back for refund.Replaced with another that didn't last but a few months.Not the same quality as those sold years ago.

My order was not what was displayed. It came dirty with gunk on the front and I was unable to use it because it really was a Cingular phone and needed a SIM card.

I think this cell phone is not very good, just OK. Actually, my friend think this cell phone do not like a new one. I think it is just OK.

I needed a business phone, and got floating through my noggin the best phone I have ever owned. This thing just WILL NOT DIE. Fell out of my pocket on my bike. gets nailed by a pickup going 30, gets scattered down 100 yards of asphalt. Put it all back together (just the battery case popped off) and it was fine. Slipped and banged my lip really hard on a counter corner *** do not read if you have a weak stomach *** bad enough that I needed sixteen stitches. I get on the phone with my mom to have Her come take me to the hospital (still in high school back when I had this) bleeding rather profusely into the toilet. phone slips through my bloody fingers into the toilet. I snatch it out after a couple seconds of frustrated cursing. Not only did it still work, the damn thing hadn't even dropped the call and I was still getting crystal clear reception. ***End nasty part*** even when I was getting frustrated with an ex, and hurled the phone across the room when she text dumped me, it broke in half. Screen came clean off. I called her, clicked the speaker phone button, and it still. frickin. worked. And thats besides the dozens of other drops onto hard surfaces that would leave a modern phone in splinters. This is the phone I would take into any situation, anytime, anywhere. You know in the movies where like a cell phone stops a bullet? THIS, is that cell phone. It lasted me nearly 6 years, and when I traded it in for a new phone (smart phone takeover and all) I buried my old one back at my parents place like a pet. Most indestructible thing I've ever had. That nokia phone that people joke is like as strong as Thors hammer? The unstoppable force? That phone hitting this one would end the universe, for this is the immovable object. The kind folks at ATT reactivated this one, and guess what? Its still compatible with EVERYTHING. Bluetooth, internet, everything short of 3g the thing STILL DOES.

I purchased this item as a back up phone.  It is awful, the phone started falling apart after a couple of months.  I would stay away from this phone next time.

Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video... This turned out to be a used phone,which looked new. I have used this style of phone for years and it's great for just phoning. This one broke after two weeks.

I've already owned a Razr V3 for 21 months and this is pretty much exactly the same as the one I got from my mobile provider  except for a few things.  1) the software on it is slightly different and has some AT&T; specific things installed and an AT&T; logo on the back, 2) the color is different (old one gray, this one black), 3) my old one felt like metal whereas this one feels like plastic.  Maybe my old one just wore down the coating and this one isn't worn down yet and so the coating feels different, but it feels cheaper to me than my old one.  I guess time will tell.I had to buy a new phone when my old one's display went out and I didn't want to get locked into a 2 year contract, so got this one.  Unlocked is nice.  I thought about getting something fancier, but this phone works pretty well as a basic cell phone and I don't really want to be paying $40 extra a month for wireless internet right now.All the good things about this phone involve its small size and the fact that it's a flip phone.  It fits in the pocket nicely.  The flip phone means your pocket doesn't call people since the buttons are closed up inside of it when it's flipped closed.  My last one lasted 21 months being rubbed against other stuff in my pocket and the coating got chipped and beat up but the phone kept working.  In fact it's still working, but the display went out one day when I was charging it and never came back, so I needed a new phone so I'm not dialing blind and unable to read text messages.The bad points are that the software isn't particularly great and it's hard to find things and make it do what you want.  The address book is really limited and you have to enter multiple entries for the same person if you want to put multiple numbers in for them.  I can't really imagine browsing the internet or watching videos on this thing, though I guess maybe someone does it.  The camera is ok, but not particularly spectacular.It's really all about the compact size, flip-phone design, solid feel and functionality as a phone or phone and text-message only device.

This may be an old model, but it is a very good, basic phone.  It's still relatively small and light, and both the talk and ring volume are much louder than other phones I've had over the years.  If you buy the Motorola Phone Tools software, not included (I bought mine for a prior Moto phone from Amazon for a couple of dollars) and have a standard USB connection with your PC, you can load your own photos for wallpaper, etc., and make your own ringtones from MP3 files.  It also backs up your phone book and SIM card, all very easily. Now that the phone is so old, the price is realistic.  I got mine, new, for under $130.  For that price, I'm not too worried about the lack of a US warranty.

I purchased this phone from Amazon last week.  I have tried several chargers and this will not charge.  I called Motorola and they say this is not a U.S. issued phone and therefore they will provide no warranty on it at all.

PHONE IS NOT INTERNATIONAL VERSION OR WORLD PHONE AND I HATE EVERY TIME I POWER UP OR GO TO CERTAIN FEATURES IT SAYS AT&T WHICH I CANT STAND I HAVE T-MOBILE SERVICE THEY JUST UNLOCKED AN AT&T PHONE.

Well, I've had my V3 Razr for about 2 years. In that time, it's been unusually trouble free. Okay, once or twice, it has freaked out with a whitescreen but I attribute this to heavy use and some cheap aftermarket batteries.The good: Yes, it's sleek and pretty. It's well built. It's packs away in a vestpocket. The range beats most other phones in my area--I get more bars than anybody I know in concrete buildings and I actually live in one.It has the features I need: bluetooth, speaker phone, conference call, etc. And a few features I don't need: camera--I'm a very small investor and I'm not Steven Spielberg. Still, I keep a foto of my family as a background screen--it's a nice touch.At 95 bucks, you can't top the price for this kind of quality. I paid $250 for my current V3 Razr when I bought it overseas. And I'm buying a second phone as backup and to take advantage of the commonality of all the accessories I now have. Plus, my wife is eying my current Razr rather hungrily and she'll probably wrench it from me before too long, anyway.The bad: Battery life is only fair; I get a full day in my home office with 3+ hours of calls and most of those bluetoothed for handsfree action. But you have to expect to recharge nightly. Even moderate use of an hour or so necessitates a nightly recharge. I can live with this. I just can't afford to have my phone fail on an important call. So I charge it daily. Often, it's on the recharger at work while I use my bluetooth headset. This works for me. It's always ready to go when I am.Hey, I consider 3+ hours of use to be a serious workload for any cell phone. It's really not fair to beat on your phone on a daily basis and then complain about its performance.For the benefit of those worried about the warranty, well, I live abroad. The Razr is a very popular model. There are numerous service centers with people skilled in the repair this phone. If it's not up to snuff when you open it on day one--send it back to Amazon on their 30 day return policy.But if it works fine, then rest assured it's no big deal to get service for it in any large city abroad or in the U.S.I give it 4 stars for all of the above reasons. To me, the good outweighs the bad. I don't need a ton of features. Just a few that work consistently. And I have 2 years of mostly heavy but trouble-free use so far. Hey, the best endorsement I can give is the fact that I just bought another one.

The RAZR V3 arrived promptly and worked as promised.  Unfortunately the battery was defective and would not hold a charge after a few days.  The vendor was sorry but offered nothing as there was no warranty.  So now I am out the cost of a new battery, but that's the risk one takes when purchasing no-warranty products.

I have had the phone for just less than 90 days. Though branded as &#34;Cingular&#34; after a few tweaks it works fine on T-Mobile (needed a free software update to send and receive picture texts.Note that the black coating starts chipping off after about two months, so it starts looking crappy---you may want to order the silver one instead....My main issue is that the battery charger shipped with this phone ceased working after 85 days....I initially thought the phone was faulty, but after ordering a different phone---a Nokia---which tend to be better made---and have just ordered a new charger for this razor phone---which I'll keep as a backup. Still, not bad for $54

This phone is junk!!!! let it fall to the ground over 12" and it will fall apart, let humidity get to it and it's done. If your an on the go person and want something dependable you want to look elsewhere. I woke up this morning and my phone was dead, number two in 90 days. V3 is junk!!!!

It is a sleek nice looking phone was sealed with new battery. Performance wise one of the worst phones ever. The battery does not last for more than 2 calls. While it shows flu charge after two calls the battery dies. Replaced the battery with new battery, the new battery, but it gives a message "invalid battery".It is not the worth the price.

This phone rocks! First, it has an unbelievable signal wherever I go. I never have a problem connecting. Also, it is incredibly clear. I can hear the caller and they can hear me. Unlike those "candy bar" type phones, this one wraps around your face so you talk directly into the microphone and the person on the other end can hear every word you speak and not hear all of the background noise. I don't know if it has some sort of sound filter on it or not, but it sure sounds great to the person on the other end.Another cool this is how light and thin it is. You barely even notice that it's in your pocket. But the vibrate on this phone is very strong, so you know when you're getting a call.Last, this is an UNLOCKED phone. This is a big deal, since you can hop carriers and not have to switch phones. Also, very cool to have an unlocked phone when you go out of the country and want to make local calls in that country. Just buy a starter package abroad [usually about $10 USD] and make local calls until you use up the card. Way cheaper than trying to make calls using your US carrier.I love this phone!

As fas as I'm concerned this cell phone is still the best.  Though there are Smart phones out there that a good, I can still get my emails and go in the inter web. This thing that keeps me going back to the RAZR is that it feels like a real phone - Not A Box! :-)

Phone did. not work. It powers up but screen remains black. Seems to be a dummy phone that does not function.

I used it for about a month now in Metro Washington D.C. with no problems. Great audio!.

No problem with it and still working after all these years buying the same cell phone for the 2nd time.

always love the razor. but could not send nor get  pics. took to t-mobile store . , they could help, call tec support. they couldnot help. got wed and data plan , could get web . so for me it just was o.k. all other  stuff works fine.

this guy is a grade A scam artist!!!!!!!! dont buy from this idiot unless you want a locked cingular razr!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Not what I expected...false advertisement! Horrible experience. Not what I expected! Had to ask for refund and still lost money on the deal.

WORKS PERFECT OVERSEAS WITH MOVISTAR IN VENEZUELA THE SELLER GREAT I RECOMEND HONEY FOR ALL THE PRODUCTS THANKS

Got the phone a week ago and immediately hit the road with it on a trip to Malaysia.  Works great.  Only problems i have are with the discription of this listing.  Same problems others have mentioned that need to be corrected.1.  Phone comes preped for Spanish language (changeable after a while of fumbling through espanol menus)2.  Only comes with Spanish manual/Warranty info3.  No leather caseLike I said, good phone but the package is not what is advertised.  Be warned.-nh

Arrived damaged. Deployed and not feasible for me to return. I got it because it would work internationally, which it did...but it was still damanged.

Now, my dad used to own a RAZR before. It was such an amazing phone back in its time and I would like to believe that the RAZR design is still great.So, because I have used a RAZR from Motorola before, let me warn you that this product is NOT a RAZR in terms of quality.In the Amazon Hands-On review, they talk about a metal body. This product's body is made out of a cheap plastic. I would go so far as to say that the Motorola W376g that I use for Tracfone, and only paid $20 for, has more durable plastic than this product. Also, the hinge mechanism felt really flimsy, much like the plastic body of this product. When taking off the protective plastic film, which is used almost everywhere off the phone, I noticed that the film protecting the top speaker, above the screen, moved slightly. In theory, I could easily break out the top speaker cover easily with enough prodding.I was not able to test calling as the sim card was meant for overseas use. However, the onboard software seemed capable, if not dated. Camera seemed to be working fine and took a few test pictures. Product read messages and contacts from the sim card as expected.While I was sorely disappointed that the hardware was lacking, so long as it worked as expected I may have been able to overlook the hardware not being up to standards. Fortunately, this thing died on the 3rd day. The battery refused to hold a charge and the phone would not be turned on, even while plugged in (even though it was working while plugged in on the first day). When trying to turn it on, the keypad glows blue as expected, but then it simply turns off. When plugged in, it shows the Charging screen as expected, but there are white lines on the bottom of the screen, which didn't show when it was first working or charging.Honestly, I am sorta relieved that it broke down now rather than later. When I had the product in my hand, I was so confused as it looked like the RAZR of old, but it didn't feel like one. The fact that the plastic body did not feel solid made me a bit on edge as to how long this phone would have lasted overseas. I felt so embarrassed that this phone was a gift because it simply was not what I was expecting. When I bought this I expected a RAZR, a solid phone that has worked in the past, but what I received feels like some cheap, knock off product that just uses the same design.Returned the product, which only gave disappointment and wasted my time.

Firstly, I says new, but is used oneLid was very loose, Comes out often.Always message comes, check your SIM.Most worst produce I brought.

I am happy with this phone overall.  Even then, having read the manual myself, it does not seem to clearly explain how to use many of the functions on the phone. We have learned more by just playing around with it. For example, it came programmed to display military time  and European dates. The manual offered no guidance regarding how to change that setting. I purchased the phone for my spouse for a Christmas gift. She is very happy with the phone overall, however, this particular phone did not come with an owner's manual in English. It came with one manual in Czech and one in Slovakian. It was a bit of a hassle to go to the Motorola website and download the manual which was around 150 pages.

It is nice phone but the international version doesnt display or save miss call.  A big problem. Not sure if that is because of a specific settings...

The cell phone works fine; the connections are good; it has a nice design and nice features (looks very cool). I also hope that it will work in Europe, too, as I plan to use it there next month. The price is very good and I like that I can use it without having to be in any particular network. I got the cell phone in just a few days, in very good condition (it was well wrapped in the box).The only problem I had was when I had to charge the battery twice before actually using it because after the first time, it kept disconnecting the call after first minute of talking. Checking the internet, I discovered that the problem may resolve if the battery was taken out and after putting it back, recharge the battery.Overall, I give it 4 stars as it is really good for this type of phone.

this was the wrong phone for the carrier that i have i had to return this as it was not compatible.

The product i recieved works very well. I have had no problems so far and have had it for about two weeks now.

I got this free with a 2 year service plan w/Verizon.The battery life could be much better (sacrificed by small profile?), and Verizon doesn't allow a lot of the basic ring tones and sound bites from other websites (free stuff), like my wife's "Chocolate" phone.It's a very attractive phone and easy to use, but since it was free, I like it.  If I were to buy this phone outright...I would have been mad.It has still camera and Video mode alone with an easy to use/setup Bluetooth option (I have the Motorola MOTO H12 headset)I'm looking to replace this phone when the time is right.  3 stars is a fair rating.

This phone does nothing but evoke anger in me. I bought it because of the features is claims to have yet none of them work. For one the manual, boasts you can use a memory card in it, which is false because this phone features no memory card slot. It says it has MP3 playback and all that but good luck getting any of it on your phone. The phone won't even receive E-mails like it's supposed to. I have a bottom of the line phone from Motorola that's two years old and it has this feature. I have no problem with the phone other then that, it looks great and I don't mind the Keypad. Other then it coming with a damaged LCD screen and the issues I listed above I would have loved to keep it.If you plan to use it for a phone and nothing else it's great but otherwise I'd pass.

I ordered this phone as a replacement for my Blackberry.  I didn't receive the phone at least 3 weeks after ordering.  The phone was cheap looking and used (supposed to be new.) The SIM card slot and the box had scratches on them.  I returned the phone the very same moment I saw it.  I definitely wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

I bougtht this phone to take to my country cause it was unlocked. But it did not work from day one because of a broken LCD, since it did not have any warranty I could not return it and the cost of repair was more than 200 USD.Just lost money here. My advise, never buy without warranty this phones come with many defects even from factory!!!!

This phone is not an original Motorola phone. If you do not care about brand and originality go ahead and buy.

Received the phone quickly but it does not work.  Will not hold a charge and won't retrieve the contacts list. Compete waste of money.

I have a RAZR and find it attractive, thin (which is nice) and unlike some folks find the interface fairly decent.Problems: needs to be restarted every day.  In many cases, going from one cell to the next causes the phone to drop reception entirely. Once you make a datebook entry, you can 't edit it. At least I have not yet found a way.  Sensitivity stinks to high heaven.After my dismal experience with a StarTac, I doubt I will be a Motorola customer again.  Their drop in quality over the years tells me that yet another fine company is headed for the toilet of history.  I will go back to Nokia and be done with it.

This seller is very reliable. I got the product as described. The unit is very good too. it is simple and easy to use

it was black when I received it in a couple weeks the finish came of on different places, so ugly I bought a cover,still embarrassing when I use the phone in public, you shouldn't sell an inferior product, why do you?

The RAZR itself is a great phone, however this unlocked version is designed for Europe.  It has a European style AC charger, but does include an American adapter.  I have T-Mobile service and this phone works with it, but I had one issue.  Whenever I received an email it would send me a garbled text message.  I was able to fix it by searching the internet, but it wasn't easy and I don't remember exactly what I had to do.

The phone is great, but when we tried to buy ringtones from Cingular, our service provider, we could not get web access on the phone to download them. Cingular tried several things to get the web access to work, but since it wasn't their phone they couldn't. Everything else works great.

Broken voice and always has connecting problem. I wish I did not buy it and can return it and can buy another one.

The person and company that sole this Motorola V3 phone was a copy.  It was not the product that was made by Motorola as it looks like one.  Aomzon.com has failed to do anything about this matter as it should be reported to the FCC and FTC.  Amazon.com needs to reach out to me as they have along with that company committed fraud and misrepresented this  product via the Internet with the use of the USPS. You need to get back to me ASAP before a legal action starts.

The phone has been great but the only problem was that we were sent an instruction book in French.  Unfortunately we discovered this once we got overseas with the phone which is very frustrating.

Well after my free phone from cingular broke I was stuck, they were not able to offer me any kind of deal until my 2 year contract was up.  I really wanted a razr so I went looking.  This was the cheapest one I could find so I went for it.  It came with the euro charger, but it had a small adpater that made it fit the american outlets.

10/04/2013My husband has been having problems with this phone, the display screen does not light up so he is not able to view the incoming calls.Not able to send a text or take pictures, or take videos.The battery does not hold firm in place.This has been a very disappointment.No, I would not recommend anyone to pruchase this product.Thank you

I have to say that it was not a good buy at all!!!!I bought this phone as a gift for my husband and when he opened the box the phone has the name CINGULAR on his back and a SIM card from them too. When you turn on the cell phone shows AT&T; at the little visor.Besides that, one of the keys doesn't work.That's what you get when you trust people and buy something without warranty. To tell the truth I bought because it was on the Amazon website and now I know: You cannot trust everything you see on their website.

I ordered and paid for a Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked International Version (Black).The cell phone was supposed to be "New" but the cell phone is clearly"Refurbished". This is obvious from the wear marks on the backside, wear marks withscratches & dent on the dial keypad and wear marks in the battery compartment. Alsofound the date of manufacture is 6/2006. Need to be careful. This is my last purchaseof anything here.

I have had this phone for almost two years now and I like it very much. My wife got a Nokia 6102 that needed to be replaced. I can now get a new phone almost for free, but I do not see a reason to get a new one. It has better reception than the Nokia, the call quality is better; it is louder, and much thinner and sturdier.  The battery life is quite good, even after two years of use. I charge it every 5-7 days or so and use it during the day only. A big plus is that you can rearrange the icons so that it will be harder to accidentally access the web and get charged for it. The Nokia and the Samsung SYNC intentionally make that too easy; the SYNC is the worst in that respect. The only thing that is not that great is that the screen is hardly visible in bright sunlight. The SYNC has brighter screen. On the other hand, my RAZR is a two year old model; maybe the newer ones have better screens.Update: 5 years later, the phone is working great. It served me for 7 years and I will be sad when it goes. The call quality is better than any smart phone that I tried.

When they say no warranty I should have KNOWN BETTER. I am a victim of this disgusting product.  I got the item in 10 days, seems like from China.  I charged it and inserted my AT&T sim, turned on.  The screen lighted up for a few seconds and went blank.  Tried to turn off and on several times, the key pad lighs up but not the screen. DON'T BUY IT. BUY ONE WITH WARRANTY.

I decided to buy a reconditioned Motorola Razor but wish I hadn't:The phone came with a weak battery and when I replaced it with a good one it goes through it real fast and takes a long time to charge back up.When it's flipped open it looks like it booting up and it goes to 3 different screens before settling on one.I can't open text messages that contain photos. And after 2 weeks of use the hinge became weak which causes the phone to short out and drop the calls.I'm no expert but I've had 3 Razors (new ones), but this is a dud.--Cheers

No interest in finding out how exactly seller 'wmart101' get accepted by Amazon, and I should have sensed something dreadful when I saw 'China Post' is the delivery contractor, when finally got it I unwrapped the good complete plastic package shocked to see an worn out box with NO sealing or proper packaging done on it !!!Then SIM card can't get recognized, however tried still then ended up with the screen totally blacked out !Interesting several other stories--I can see some of the circuit board from under the outer screen! An button fell off from a side of the hinge!I shipped this to China so the time when received it's beyond return time. Anyhow good lesson learnt that not everything POORLY made in China, this awful thing still happens elsewhere, most ironically is when I tried to escape from poor 'made in China' stuff rushing to U.S Amazon, it's even WORSE !!

For the year and a half I have it, used 4 batteries. The phone itself started dying after using it 3 to 4 times, each for a week. Now its time to bury it. while I have a Sims card orange for Israel worth 50 dollars, it just doesn't function.

Motorola has priced this phone at a very affordable price. This is an excellent GSM capable cellular phone to use before you upgrade to a higher moresophisticated cellular phone. A highly efficent cost friendly cellular phone from Motorola.

NICE LOOKING PHONE, NICE LIGHT WEIGHT, BUT OVERALL THE PHONE IS GARBAGE...I DON'T KNOW WHAT ALL THE RAVE WAS ABOUT.

This review is unfortunately NOT for the phone but for the service Amazon provides! I had placed an order for the phone and Amazon took a long time shipping it..I didnt get the phone when I needed it and I ended up cancelling the order. I was told the package was on a truck and apparently the truck never left I guess!

This phone is really nice. I've owned it for about a yaer and it still works great. Howerver, this is only for that simple user. The only great thing about it is its shape. It has basic camera, video recording, speakerphone, etc, but, it dosent have features like an mp3 player,radio, high quality camera and stuff like that. If your a simple user and just want a slim and sexy phone just to make calls, and most people already own, then this is a good choice.

The Black RAZR V3 is the wireless phone I have always wanted.  It's that simple.Before having bought mine, I would read commentary from people who would cite all of the features the RAZR doesn't have:  "I could buy the (insert model number of cheaper, but still expensive phone which does 100 different things--all of them poorly) and get more for a lot less money."  When I would research a model recommended by these self-proclaimed gadget freaks, I'd find that it's dimensions make keeping it in a pocket an awkward and uncomfortable proposition; I'd find that the pictures it takes are not nearly of comparable quality to those taken by even a modest digital camera; I'd  find that the lo-res video it can shoot serves no practical purpose;  I'd find that web-browsing, game-playing, Instant messaging, streaming television content, all suck up battery-life and ultimately make the device useless for the unlikely purpose of placing and taking phone calls; I'd find that the phone casing is composed of cheap and flimsy plastics which make me wonder how long it wll last; I'd find that little attention had been paid to how the phone's design will contribute to, or detract from, user comfort.  After my investigation, I concluded that for all the money I would save by buying "Phone X" over buying a RAZR, I would still have paid hundreds too much for a filmsy hunk of cutting-edge technojunk.  (Don't take my word for it.  Look around on the Net for comments about the RAZR around the time of its inroduction and see the recommendations from consumers that people choose the Motorola V600 instead.  Then look at the consumer reviews of the V600 on this site.)The RAZR has a camera, a web-browser, Instant messaging capability, and a whole array of other features all of which are listed in the product description.  To the extent that the RAZR does these things adequately I will offer little, if any, comment--mainly because I don't care about them.  That to which I can and will attest is that the RAZR exceeds my expectation on how it serves AS A PHONE.Using my own criteria, a wireless phone should draw and hold a signal; It's earpiece should deliver clear sound at a volume which can compete with background noise; it's mouthpiece should pick up the users voice clearly; it should be compact enough to allow for placement in clothing pockets without creating prominent bulges; it should be solidly built out of durable materials which are not prone to scratching; it should have decent battery life.  And yes, anything for which I pay hundreds of dollars should be designed with aesthetics in mind: there are far too many wireless phones which look like disposable children's toys, or like awkward, all-purpose, button-riddled gadgets.Using the above criteria, the RAZR V3, particularly the Black model, is close to perfect.  The sound from the ear piece could certainly be louder, but I have yet to have a caller's voice drowned out by the noise of busy New York City streets.  The people to whom I'm speaking have reported to have heard my voice loudly and clearly.  Battery life could be longer, but then, the same could be said about many wireless phones which are bulkier and have larger batteries.  I have used the phone on both T-Mobile and Cingular networks and found that it draws a strong signal on both; it has never dropped a call.  I found the speaker phone to be loud and clear despite my expectations to the contrary.  Is the much-lamented Motorola phone book program clunky?  Yes it is.  But the RAZR's voice-dialing works well, making it possible to avoid scrolling through the phone book if one hates it that much.I'll try to boil it down with a somewhat clumsy analogy: Complaining that the RAZR doesn't do enough in the way of tech-gimmicks to justify its price (which is considerably lower that it was when it was introduced) is like complaining that an exotic sports car isn't worth the money because it doesn't have a cup holder, a GPS system, and DVD player like the Minivan you've been looking to buy.  That ridiculousness ignores the engineering that makes the sports car a superior performer on the road, and the attention put toward making it sleek and aesthetically pleasing.  The RAZR's performance has made concern over signal strength a thing of the past. and its design is unmatched--not just for it's ultra-compactness, but for the solidity of it's build.  That makes it worth what I paid for it.  And my inability to speak to the quality of other phones on the market put them out of consideration.Besides, as they say, black is beautiful.That the RAZR cannot serve as a business-card scanner doesn't trouble me.  For those who need to have whichever feature-laden mobile gadget is most desired at the moment, buy a Samsung MM-A800, clip it on you belt (you'll need to), and earn yourself the right to say your phone can do just about everything--poorly.

This phone is more than I expected it to be in all facets. I recommend it for all.

This is one of the most stupid products I have ever had the misfortune of owning. The ring tone buttons on the flip lid are impossible to maintain as every time it is opened, the ringer is adjusted. There is no button lock feature to prevent this and the amount of missed calls are frustrating. If this is what having a cell phone is all about, I can do better without. Hard to believe so little thought went into this phone.I guess I can use it as as a mediocre camera and at least it looks good.

Phone died after three months, not covered by Motorola or Amazon... I'm out a couple of hundred bucks....  DO NOT BUY!!!!

I bought the Razr V3 phone because my last phone (Sidekick) had a broken face.  Normally, on a phone that has the face on the outside (Sidekick) it can break if you drop it, which happened to me.  So I bought the V3 thinking that this wouldn't happen to a flip phone.  Well, 10 days after buying it from Amazon, I closed the phone, only to realize when I reopened it that the face had cracked.  I couldn't believe that Motorola would make such a flimsy face and charge so much for the phone.  When I contacted the seller, they said they had a 10 day return policy and would not give me a new phone.  I am now dealing with my insurance company to try and replace the V3. Overall, this has been a lousy experience that I will not repeat.

i like the phone but the box is not what you receive from the original buyer :(further more i can see some scratches on the outer screen which i didn't expectthat's all thanks!!

I bought this product and I had trouble charging it. The CD that came with the product was just a fake copy of an original Motorola CD. The contents of this CD have nothing to do with the purpose. Unfortunetely I have to leave USA, so I could not return this phone. I took this phone to an authorized motorola dealer and they found out that this phone was a used one. They even noticed rust in the inside. This phone was sold as new altough it seemed it was refurbished the technician mentioned. I was completely dissapointed. I would never buy a product from DataVision again. I am sure they knew they were selling a defective item. Be careful, really careful!!!

This is worthless phone. I never expected that I would get a phone in this condition. The volume is coming too low. i couldn't hear anything from the other side. The connections is coming and going. After using 10-15 mins the battery is getting fully discharged. Not being able to use it for more than 2-3 days. I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great. I simply want my money back.

Bought this for my mother-in-law. After charging the phone all day, the phone gives a low battery warning after only talking on the phone for 5 minutes. Don't waste your money!

I will NEVER order anything from Focus Electronics & Appliances again.  I received the item within a promise delivery time-frame, which is great.  So I use the phone for about a week.  Everytime I make or receive call, the people on the other end told me that the conversation is breaking up and they CANNOT hear me.  I had to switch my old Blackberry.  I called Focus Electronics & Appliances, I stated the problem and the rep said it was my provider.  I told her I have no reception problem with my Blackberry.  I told her I switch phone because couple keys on the Blackberry is kind a stuck every now and then.  She told me the Blackberry is a better phone than the Razor and I can return the item if I'm not happy with it.  Again, I told her it is not that I'm not happy, but the reception is terrible.  So I return the phone and Focus Electronics & Appliances only partially refunded me. They charged 20% for re-stocking fee and kept the S/H for a DEFECTIVE item that they sent to me.  I filed a claim with Amazon.  Amazon immediately refunded the difference that the merchant didn't.  Amazone is a great company and I'll continue to shop with Amazon.  But I will NOT buy anything from Focus Electronics & Appliances.

After 3 days i found there is something wrong in the screen where i see blak patch when screen is off. after one week the phone is silent and not responding. i thing this is very bad stuff. additional the sound quality is bad and camera is not good . this phone look like coming from botton of the ocean

Prior to buying my phone, i got a lot of really bad feedback - from my husband, sister and friends.  They kept telling me that V3's limited features are not worth my money and that I would be better off sticking to my trusty Nokia phone.  Besides that, they said that a Motorola is not very user-friendly.I conditioned myself to thinking that I will not complain about the limited features of a V3 only because I really wanted to have one so badly (because of its stylish appearance and size). I did buy a V3 despite my husband's objections and was surprised to find that the V3 is more than just a basic phone!! It has some features that I initially did not expect it to have.  You just need to read the manual and tinker with the phone to unlock your phone's potentials.  Another surprise, my black edition V3 is able to CAPTURE, and not just play, videos....Most of V3's functions are a lot similar to my Nokia phone, so I didn't have to make a lot of adjustments getting used to the V3.  You can even tailor the buttons/assign functions to keypads according to your preference.The only thing I think Motorola should've done is to have copied Nokia's technology in terms of browsing the phonebook/directory.  With the V3, you need to go through each person in your phonebook on a per alphabet basis to find a specific number.  With the Nokia, if you want to skip some names that start with the same alphabet letter, you simply key in the next letter in the person's name so you get less names to scan through.Also, it's a pity that my battery's life is so short - it lasts only about 2-3 days with minimal usage.Also, it would've been nice for my phone to have an infrared capability, although with the bluetooth technology, I guess I could live without the infrared.Overall though, my Motorola V3 is such a joy to behold!!

I am very disappointed with this purchase.  It cuts out after only a couple of seconds and will not hold a charge.  It does say no warranty so I am completely out of luck I guess I should have realized that no warranty means...don't expect it to work.

I bought this product with high hopes at a high price. It did NOT live up to my expectations at all. The phone is NOT a good value for the money. It shuts off randomly for no apparent reason, often makes a buzzing/static noise and drops calls, then restarts the phone. Sometimes the screen turns black and just wont do anything. First phone I have had to replace at some point during my contract. Pictures are not very good quality, although I could really care less about that. Bottom line is do not buy this phone without SERIOUSLY SHOPPING AROUND FIRST!!!

I highly recommend getting the Amazon supplied Razr as it comes with all the accessories and is always new. I bought one of these from Etronics and it was obviously refurb being passed off with new and came only with a charger. Amazon provides the leather case, charger, headset and data transfer cord with CD.

I bought this RAZR v3 phone in July to go with my 7-Eleven Speak Out Wireless prepaid service.  The phone I received from Amazon.com was made for the Hong Kong market, so it came with a outlet plug adapter for U.S. customers.  (The AC adapter itself is universal voltage, and the slim paper manual is in English.)  The phone is quadband and fully unlocked, so it can be used anywhere in the world.I really like the RAZR phone.  It's very solid and the voice quality is excellent.  Speak Out Wireless runs on AT&T; and T-Mobile networks so the reception quality can vary, but overall the RAZR does an excellent job in pulling in as much signal as possible.  As with other Moto phones, the brightness of the screen can be adjusted, and the ringer type and volume can be easily changed.  The metallic keypad takes a little getting used to, but is pretty comfy to use.The camera is only VGA but takes good-quality pictures when there's plenty of light.  Video capture is jerky and limited to 15 seconds, so that's probably the weakest feature for me.  Bluetooth linkup to a Sony Ericsson earpiece works fine.  Battery life is admirable; I don't use the phone much, maybe just 10 minutes a week, and I need to recharge it once every 8 days or so.Because I've owned many Moto's before so I like the RAZR's interface, since it feels familiar, but I can understand how it can confuse users new to the Moto scene.  Overall, though, I don't think it's harder to use than a Sony or Nokia.What really impresses me is the build quality of this phone.  Nowhere can you find out where this thing is made, but the material and fit and finish are excellent.  I'm very happy with this inexpensive purchase.

Love this phone. Bought it as a replacement for another RAZR that was dropped one too many times. The only thing I had to do was look online to configure the web browser to work with my provider (AT & T) as it was an unlocked phone. It was easy to find and do, otherwise it was ready to go.

I always have chosen Motorola because are realy good phones but this time the one I got came with defective battery which I think it is not problem from manufacture but the sellers however I was able to get a brand new battery and it is working good now.

We each have a razr, dh has this one and I have the Cherry Blossom Razr. We've had them for over a year and dh is very pleased. I had an issue with the screen on my first one, and got a replacement and have had no more issues. I have to say I have had cheaper phones in the past that have had better reception than this. I love the thin and sleak style though. :)

This is a fine Cell-Phone for making calls, But If You want to use it to get the Internet grom 'ATT', Forget it!

I have this phone since october, I changed my sony ericsson T610 because ring was very low and never got to hear it (phone inside my purse and within its case), so I went for Razr. Totally disappointed, menus are very confusing, camera is poor quality, but the worst is battery time I have to charge it every other day even when the phone is "waiting" (I rarely use it). I replaced the battery with a new original one and is the same. Really, if I could rate it with no stars I would do it.

It is both stylish and functional. Black by far is the best color. Great reception and worth the price. The only problem with the phone is it is a fingerprint magnet but you can clean it. It is pretty durable i have dropped it three times and no scratches though i would recomened buying a case. Also beware of the bluetooth eats up your battery. The video quality is pretty good it can record up to a minute if ajusted. I recomend getting the Usb data cable and software for the phone so you can put your emails,data, etc. on your phone. In concluesion worth the buy.

This RAZR phone is nicely sized and easy to use.  It is not quite as comfortable of a fit on my ear as my old StarTac, but I'm sure I'll get used to it.  Buying an unlocked GSM Quad band phone offers the ability to travel out of the country and connect in to their networks at very reasonable per minute rates.  Also allows you to access stateside or overseas service without long-term contracts (e.g. monthly or prepaid). Although almost of the entire world is using GSM technology, not all US carriers are GSM.  Surely, T-Mobile and Cingular/AT&T are GSM and there may be a few others. I would make this purchase again.

I bought one of these "unlocked" cell phones [Motorola RAZR, Unlocked, International Version]. They're unlocked only in the strictest sense of the word. These phones are branded - meaning they've got some carrier's logo on them - and more importantly, they've got a crippled version of the phone software.Now, the RAZR is a very cool phone. But, it's only as good as the software that makes it actually work. The AT&T; software I had would not allow you to make separate profiles, and it required you to log on to ONLY the AT&T; network to get ring tones, wallpaper, etc. All fine, if you're an AT&T; customer - But this completely misses the point of buying an unlocked cell phone in the first place.I tried to fix the situation by "reflashing", i.e. putting on generic, useful software that comes with a truly "unlocked" phone (see e.g. [...]). As soon as I did that, the phone seized up, and demanded a "Subsidy Password". The phone really wasn't unlocked at all!If you want a phone that is truly unlocked and unbranded, buy it from one of the European Amazon sites. You'll spend a little more. But you'll get what you actually want in the end.

good phone but did not serve my purpose, couldn't use with my cell phone service provider

It may be thin but that is just about its only saving grace. Next to any current Nokia it seems flimsy and poorly made. Not great.

HelloThis is the second time I am sending this message.The battery pack and the battery cover do not fit properly,as a result the battery keeps dropping out frequently.Please advise.Dr. Rampa

Beyond making and receiving calls, I don't use many of the features this phone offers.  The phone is solidly built and very stylish.  My only problem with it is that the menus are cumbersome to navigate for doing, what I consider, rather mundane things.

About two years ago I bought a Motorola V3, it was fantastic, the phone was great. About 5 months ago I decided to buy one for my wife, so I bought it in HassleFreeCell, one day before the celphone arrives her mother gifts her a Nokia, so I decided to have the phone as a backup cell phone.Last week my current phone started having issues, so I decided to use this "BRAND NEW MOTOROLA V3". When I opened the box I found that the mobile does not have the same Quality of my last V3, the battery cover is made from bad quality material, the quality of the pieces is awful. I had used the phone for two days and it already stop working, now I get why they didn't compromise with the warranty of the phone.I will never buy something there, this phone is completely different from the first V3 that I used for two year without any problems.

The Motorola RAZR V3 cell phones I purchased are of poor quality. The battery life is short lived. Speaker doesn't work even when the volumn is at the maximum level. Voice messages shows up out of sequence.

I recommended for those who dont want to spend to much money on the phone This phone will be perfect

I purchased over a year ago from Amazon for 279.00. I need an unlocked GSM phone for travel out of the county. It worked fine but it is hard to position on the ear to hear well. Belt clip that came with it broke right away. There are not any good cases for this thing, and I have purchased a few. The blue tooth worked better with it than the actual phone for hearing well. Camera is as bad as everyone says it is. I don't talk alot so I get 3 days on a battery charge. This works well on TMOBILE but when Cingular switched to AT&T the phone sounds like crap most the time to the person on the other end of the phone. I have 2 sim cards and the TMOBILE service is much better! Someone needs to just make a phone ONLY. I carry a good camera and own an Ipod I never use. So I use the phone, just as a phone.

Look at this:1.There is no way to snooze an alarm, you have to open the flip and browse to snooze, already woke up by doing this.If you press external button to silent an alarm it shuts it and alarm will not be active anymore.2.Side buttons ALWAYS pressed accidentally switching ring style to VIBRATE oONLY or to ALL OFF. Which REALLY annoying because you WILL miss the call!!! What the stupid design!!3. Battery SUCKS!4.NO SPEAKER PHONE - if you are working in noisy locations forgetaboutitIT is Really anoing to miss a call for NO REASON but only the reason that side buttons occasionally pressed switched ring to ALL OFF.

Good phone just be careful with the glass on the outside screen (i'm 17 which means i'm hard on phones, broke mine twice) for future reference you can get replacement glass for like $3 +shipping on Ebay.  Don't let the fleamarket guys hassel ya for $15, $30, + to fix it.

this phone does not charge, i left the charger on for 24 -48 hours. it does not charge and I cannot even use it.The phone is useless. i want to return it but i do not know how

There are plenty of reviews of the RAZR V3 on its product pages as well as this one so I'll just review this specific product- the International Version that doesn't have a warranty.I was a little apprehensive about buying one of these without a warranty- and still am- except I did have the Amazon protection for a month.So far (45 days), this RAZR works as well as those I've owned in the past.I've only found two issues so far:1. I can't hear very well on it. It's OK, but just OK. Nowhere near as good as my SLVR or Walkman.2. There are more dropout areas and some areas where reception is weaker than my other phones.But then, it seems like this was typical of my previous RAZRs.All-in-all, especially considering the price, and the fact that it is unlocked makes this a pretty good deal as long as nothing goes wrong with it.Of course, I paid less than the present price and there were no other options like there are now. For instance, Amazon is presently offering the US version RAZR in blue WITH a warranty for $5 less as well as the International SLVR L7 with no warranty, which I would have preferred if it had been available at the time, for under $75.00. (Both are listed on this page as items customers ultimately buy after viewing this item).I hope this helps for this particular item.

when I got it I start to use it. and after one day only one day,  started to lose the paint on it after 3 days the phone looked like it has been in the world war 2. and after 2 weeks I lost the monitor completely and it is useless.

I am very happy with this unlocked phone I purchased from Amazon. Purchase & delivery was fast/easy. I can use this phone in US & overseas with international phone compnies. I am glad I went with Amazon.

paint is flaking on the top of the phone after 3 weeks... but it is a good overall phone... i just wanted a basic phone  this was a good buy...

I've ordered 3 of these phones from 2 different sellers and had problems with all 3. The screen went out on the first one after 2 days, and Amazon promptly refunded my money but couldn't send another since they were out of stock. I ordered another from a different seller and the phone arrived with a huge crack on the screen. After arguing with the 2nd seller, he finally agreed to send a replacement. The replacement (3rd phone) worked for few days and then the audio went out so the person on the other end would only hear static. A total waste of time and money. The text messaging didn't work on any of the 3 phones.

I bought a black unlocked RAZR through Amazon, which was shipped from Tiger Direct. It works fine, but it was a European version. The AC charger plug was European with a US adapter. In the menu Personalize is spelled the English way "Personalise." I hope there are no other differences in the software.

I received the wrong charger and I am currently unable to charge the phone therefore can't say if phone is working.I Will be contacting customer service.

I ordered this phone on te advise of my Grandaughter, she said it was a good phone from past experience.  I am 70 yrs old and only wanted a phone that was easy to operate, say hello & goodbye, don't care about text or hardly anyother features.  I got this phone in while out of town and my husband opened it and immediately threw away the order slip and packaging.  When I arrived back home I tried to set the phone up.  It only had a small quick reference guide in the package and now the battery will only stay charged 1/2 day. Can take battery out and put back in and it will show fully charged.  Anyone got any answers to the problem since company it came from says no returns

I am very happy with the phone and the price I paid for it, considering that after I lost mine it would have cost me close to $400 to replace it from the store.The only problem is that Cingular can't set up my picture/data sharing because it's a foreign phone.  I believe mine is from Germany and it's a slightly different version, so my provider wasn't able to set that part up.

Third razr I have owned, easy to use and very portable, fits anywhere. I bring it with me when I trail run. Sometimes the sim card has to be reinserted for better contact. good price

I am very happy with the product. Volume could be better, having some problems seting up to bluetooth hands free.

I'm sure you have done the research by now, but just in case you haven't, please use caution.  I purchased this phone from an on-line retailer back in December 2006.  I was totally unaware that the phone is NOT covered by a US warranty, and that in most cases the Internet Browser does not work in the US. (or anywhere else for that matter, and cannot be downloaded or upgrades)  In the future, I plan on spending the extra $30 dollars and purchase phones directly from the Motorola Site.  This gives me assureance that ALL functions will work in the US, and I have a FULL one year waranty if something doesn't work!

This phone was given as a gift, and the recipient has had only great things to say about it.  I'm very satisfied by the comments it's received, and glad that I purchased it!

Owned a previous RAZR V3 had no problems.  Purchased one recently as a gift for Mother's Day. The phone worked well except the ringer started out very low and within a week it stopped ringing or  vibrating. After several missed call and multiple attempts to correct ringer I stopped using the phone.

I bought this for my mothers birthday and as my mother says "it feels like a toy phone". It is cheaply made, flimsy and everytime I talk to her im just hoping that I will understand what she is saying.  The phone has lots of static and calls get dropped constantly.  I WOULD NOT TELL ANYONE TO BUY THIS PHONE

Me gusto en cuanto a dise&ntilde;o pero yo estaba acostumbrado a los menus del sony ericsson qe son mas intuitivos, es mi unica qeja, los menus, por lo demas todo bien.

I use this phone daily with Cingular service in Northern California. (Sacramento, San Fran, Monterey) I have no complaints about the phone. The screen is large and clear. The keypad is large and easy to read. Some people complain that this phone isn't very loud. Mine does does not have this problem.My one complaint is the power cord is proprietary. I hate anything designed to force me to give a company repeat business. If Motorola wants repeat business, they need to earn it. If you use a USB connector on your phone it should accept chargers for devices with the same connector that have the same electrical specs. Motorola purposely broke it. That will cause me to be hesitant about buying their products in the future.

This is a nice phone and the deal on the unlocked version is good. BUT, it is supposed to come with "European charger with US adapter" After two tries Amazon could not send me one that actually had the US adapter in the box. Pretty hard to use the phone if you can't charge it.

This phone worked for 10 days..then it would shut off and 10th day..went dead/blank. Sent email to company but they would not honor as it was over 7 days...disappointed..wont purchase again...

I have long been a fan of Motorola phones, but had been hesitant to buy one as their software had been lacking.  However, after using various different products (Nokia, LG, and Siemens) I came back to Motorola for the price and features.  Additionally, the international portability of an unlocked quad band phone is very important to me.  I was happy to learn that the Motorola software is now intuitive and on par with Nokia and LG.  I am very pleased with this phone.

Look, I know they're not exactly new, but this was the kind of phone my dad wanted. He loved his old razr so I bought this one for him. It was crap, and it stopped working two weeks after I got it.

The Razr are great phones and that is why i ordered one, however mine came with a deffective battery and the battery compartment doesn't close well :SShipping it back cost 50% of what the phone is worth... so I just bought another phone.

It was an international version, and the wall charger is for US version. There is no cable to recharge from the computer.

the is the best size and most usable and advanced compact phone availablethis is the best for people not extremely tech savvy and need a phone for calling which looks cool or G

Excellent  phone  for  the  basic  user.  Easy  to  operateand  super  compact  !!!

After an hr on the phone and calling 3 different numbers to get help from Motorola I got no where, the phone is not comparable with Verizon as they told me, it need a sim card and I was told by Motorola to go to my local Verizon store to get one, I made 3 trips to the Verizon store for nothing, Verizon claims that this is not the first time this happens with Motorola cell phones purchased on line, Verizon does not have sim cards for Motorola phones.I'm and will continue been a loyal customer of Amazon. Motorola has recorded the phone call for quality purposes, if this is not the true I challenge Motorola to replay my call made 4/19/12 about 4:30 pm.This review is not intended for Amazon, they have great service and I will continue to be a loyal customer, this review is for Motorola Customer Service only. May be some one from Motorola will read this and can make sure that this does not happen again.

I bought this purely because I love the appearance of the Razr.  I don't use the phone for much except phone calls, text messages, alarms, and the occasional quick snapshot in a pinch.  I've had a RAZR V3 in the past (silver original) and have never had a problem with either.  works great and looks great!

My biggest problem with phones is that I cannot figure them out. So all the fancy features are lost on me. RAZR v3 has video chapters on [...]  (under Electronics)explaining how to use it. From assigning photos to contacts to pairing it with a Bluetooth headset. I finally know how to assign different rings to people who call me, and know how to send a picture message.Some people commented that they don't like the pad - I actually really like it. It is wide and big. Makes it easy to type.I don't use it for web browsing, so I cannot comment on that, but photo and video camera are really nice. The smart key can be programmed to access video camera, so you don't have to loose time getting to your phone's settings to activate a video camera when you want to record something.It has voice feature so I can use it and dial a pre-recorded name right from my bluetooth headset. Something my previous phone didn't have.

This product did not even last a week.  The screen went black and never worked after 7 days..It was the worstpurchase I ever made

Bought this for my wife and she likes it. Overall happy with phone but really happy for Amazon service!

I received the V3 but it was shipped with a non-original battery. It says "Invalid battery" and wouldn't be recognized by the phone. I have to buy a new one.

The phone is great, when it comes to looks. It is slim and lightweight, but the battery life is SO short! You have to charge it every other day, if you don't use it at all. If you do have to use the phone for any reason at all, you'll have to charge it everyday! It's so annoying! And of course, when I emailed the seller about the product and inquired about the battery life, they ignored me. Not a good phone to buy if you actually want a phone that you can use.

I purchased cell for my wife since she had an exact cell that was just old. Unfortunately after one week the screen no longer comes on. The keyboard works but no screen. It can not be exchanged since she had taken the cell with her on vacation and returns after the 30 day return policy.

No memory card, no ring tones.Wasted my money. I wouldn't buy it again and won't recommend to anyone.Do not buy this item, before buying check all the product specific and durability.

I just got the phone and stopped working on the fifteenth day, the phone turns on, but none of the two screens on, I bought at The OEM Planet, I feel cheated ...

I rec'd this product and could obviously tell it was a secondhand product that was painted (paint 'patch-ups' are obviously visible).  The product seems to have been a very much used secondhand phone that was refurbished, but it was not refurbished well as the phone has a constant buzzing sound when calls are made and rec'd.

worked as I needed it. was perfect.

I got this phone from AT&T and started a contract with then. They are wonderful, customer service has been wonderful and this awesome user friendly phone died after 3.5 months.  I was so upset so before sending it to motorola for warranty repair, i went on ebay to buy another one.  Listing said "new"....I removed my sim card from my dead RAZR and shipped it to motorola.  I receive my "new unlocked" razr and put my sim card in.....Nothing was there! An error code popped up and the date in the phone was for 2004...hmmm, I call customer svc and they look up error code on the internet since they said this number was not an AT&T code so long story short it was a TMOBILE code and this phone must have been 4 yr old maybe refurbished.  After about 4 hours of phone chat with approx 7 different tech people, we determinted that i've lost all my sim info....why? who knows, we also determined that since i'm not able to receive pics or send any, that this phone's codes do not match the already preprogrammed AT&T razr phone codes.  TIP- IF YOU BREAK A PHONE, ESPECIALLY  AN AT&T ONE, MAKE SURE THAT YOUR NEXT ONE PURCHASED FROM A SELLER HERE OR EBAY IS ALSO WITH/FROM THE SAME PROVIDER.  I AM NOW RETURNING THIS RAZR BACK TO THE SELLER and getting a new one that IS AN AT&T phone with the proper codes already installed.  ANOTHER TIP- THE RAZR THAT DIED AND WAS SHIPPED TO MOTOROLA HAD A TON OF PICS IN IT.  THIS IS NOT SAVED TO YOUR SIM, EVERYONE WILL BE ABLE TO SEE YOUR PICS AND YOU WILL PROBABLY NOT HAVE THEM WHEN THE PHONE IS RETURNED TO YOU.  I am looking forward to my new razr, the AT&T specific one and when my original one is returned (from the warranty work) i will have an extra one for back up.  This is a user friendly phone, not heavy duty, rather dainty so be careful with it...mine broke right in the hinge pin and never powered on again.  Over all, i love the phone.  Just hope to have better luck with the next one, keep yours in a good protected case.

I got the razr v3 and i'm very happy with it, only the European charger was not included. This is exactly why I chose this particular phone, because Im an exchange student and when i go back to belgium, I will need the european charger! So Im pretty sad that it's not there. If its not going to be included, it shouldn't be listed on the website, That's just fooling people. I could've gotten the phone anywhere else.

I fell for the stylish look of this phone, but regret getting it. First of all, it's not as small or thin as it looks in ads. It's actually pretty wide for a phone, and not that much thinner than your average (contemporary) phone. It has very low battery power. I'm not a big talker and even I find myself needing to charge this thing once a day. I find this unfortunate because I don't feel like I can rely on it if I have an emergency--the battery'll probably die just when I need it most.The menu is not at all user-friendly and many of the options are counter-intuitive (for example, the "select" button for one screen is the "quit" button on the next screen!). In short, it's very poorly designed and apparently Motorola but very little time into this model before mass marketing it.Finally, there are no games and no good rings on here. You have to download everything you want by way of any games or cool rings with both an internet charge and a per-game or per-ring charge.I think this is a good phone for someone who likes a lot of media bells and whistles and is willing to pay for them. But it's not a good phone for someone practical like me.

I paid less for what it's worth. Thank you and it is very handy. My husband will use this when he will visit the Philippines and he is satisfied. He is not a new technology guy and it came handy. Thank you. Well done and more power!

Yes I know. The Razr is no longer the cooles phone on the market, but I still own this own and likt it. The screen is much bigger than in previous models. The reception is very clear, doesnt drop too may calls either. The camera is namesake, does not take very good pictures. But then again it is not meant too. If you want a phone with good sound quality, reception and small size then get this one. if you want all the fancy gizmos and gadgets in your phone then this is prbably not for you.

I received the phone, which was brand new, as far as I could tell, but everything else inside the package looked used, the manual was dogeared, and some of the internal packaging itself showed significant wear and tear.  Phone seems to work fine, bbut nowhere in the advertisement did it say anything about refurbished or used products.  I was a little surprised, and disappointed...

I like this phone very much. I can use it worldwide, it is very compact. It is nice to have a reliable phone, especially from Motorola.

I bought this at Best Buy as a "Go Phone", along with a Motorola phone case. The phone case ended up having a yellowed spot in the most noticeable spot possible, and when the rzr was opened for a picture, the support straps would dangle into camera view. It turns out, I bought "the old version" I was told 2 weeks after purchasing. It accepts no memory cards (at&t store assured me it would), and despite the fact that it has a usb connector, it doesnt link to computers to charge, or to transfer photos (unless you purhcase the Moby Dick of Motorola software "phone tools", which is both rare, and 60+ dollars.) I had to buy a rocketfish bluetooth dongle to send pics to my comp, and even that I have to trick it into doing, like force feeding a child beets. I have to fight myself from snapping this thing in half, or sledgehammering the hell out of it on a daily basis. The only thing that has kept me from doing so is the idea i could donate it to some sort of charity, but its clear that no ones life is so bad that this phone could better it.

The phone itself was great.  But after a full charge on the battery would only last for a few minutes in talk time.  I had to constantly keep a cable connected or the phone would die.

I have researched these phones and everyone wants to give you a planThis RAZR UNLOCKED is the ticket for me..... the perfect price withoutthe structured locked in contract plans.

I bought this when I needed one really bad, sometime in late 2006-2007.  It was a love relationship until I graduated to an iPhone.

I needed a cheap but decent quad-band GSM phone for travel.  This is has worked very well for me travelling in the Czech Republic.  I just bought a Vodophone SIM card for around $10 USD when I arrived (the full amount was credited for phone usage) popped it in and it worked great.  The thin size is kind of nice and the text messaging is adequate.

Battery on phone gets heated up after 5 mins, cannot use anymoreI tried to replace with Razor original battery but guess what....it won't fit because it us nit original Razor phone.I wasted my money for no reason,

The only thing I really like about it is the fact that it slips easily into my back pocket.The worst thing about this phone is the battery life, or lack thereof. I get ONE phone call befor the battery dies. It's really ridiculous. Also, the buttons are not well designed - you have to look at them to dial because they are barely raised and don't line up on straight lines. I used to be able to just press the buttons without looking with my other phone - handy when driving.The button on the side that changes it to vibrate, alarm only, all off, etc., OFTEN changes itself. This is not good because you may think that it's on vibrate, when it's actually switched itself over to "all off" or "alarm only." I've missed some very important calls because of this - the phone just never rang.I don't think I'd buy it if I had it to do all over again.

It is a new phone It does not come in its original box it works so far very good I will recommend it

I am really dissapointed with this phone. I was advertised as new, but was refurbished. I can hardly hear the person talking. After receiving the phone i had to pay a specialty store 25.00 to enable the phone to send and receive pics.

I thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone. I have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when I got it. I had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $10 with shipping online for a genuine Motorola battery. Every other cell phone I have had has broken in some way long before 2 years. I'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape. No reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon.

It works well for a few months and then totally goes haywire and stops working.  Would not recommend to anyone

This is an unlocked phone but it wasn't the greatest. I thought that it wouldn't have any logos on the phone. But, it has an ATT logo on the back. It is actually a GoPhone. I inserted a GoPhone Sim card and every time I end a call, it makes a beeping noise. It's an ok purchase if you just like the Razor.

This phone is not unlocked in the EU, I am here right now and it is not working!  this sucks

I bought this motorola phone as a replacement for a defective phone that i bought a week earlier from amazon. I had the same phone before and i liked it that's why i ordered. This phone was for my mom to use back home. I received the delivery one day before her trip back to home, so i did not have the time to try it. It was again a bad phone: problem with the screen display that goes on and off without reason and a bad battery that lasts only 2 hours. I've a customer for amazon for a while, but my experience buying electronics frim them is really bad. AMAZON NEVER AGAIN. you ripped me off at least twice. Too bad that the phone is overseas now and it not even worth it to spend money to ship it to return it. Do not buy any phone from amazon. Period. This phones are not the same phone we have here in the US. I wish i could give -5 as a review.

This phone is junk! Looks like the real thing but certainly does not operate like the real thing. Has to be reset every time I recharge it!

I think one of this phone's best (and one of its only) features is its slim size.One of my gripes about this phone is that the battery stops holding its charge after about a year's use, and you must buy another to get it to work for more than a day.  I recommend buying the extended battery pack instead of the Motorola replacement.  This phone is incredibly not durable, and the first time I dropped it without its case the outer screen shattered.  For this reason I would recommend buying the silicone case that's sold for pennies online in various places (I dropped it dozens of times with this case on before dropping it without its case).  Overall the phone takes somewhat decent pictures and videos, but don't expect them to look good at sizes much bigger than the phone's screen.The phones ability to use speakerphone mode while closed was a valuable feature, and the phone's internet capabilities made the phone useful for browsing the web every now and then, but not for everyday use.I dropped my phone in water twice by accident, and took the battery out right away.  This quick thinking allowed the phone to continue working, but once when the phone was accidentally left on a table under the spray of some sprinklers, the phone finally stopped working (I didn't remove the battery in time).The refurbished version of this phone proved to be a complete failure. within three months I had gone through more than 5 different phones before settling on one that only usually worked, and usually made calls.The phone would occasionally decide that it was time to restart, even in the middle of a call, so not only was I disconnected, but I had to wait for the phone to start back up.  In addition to this the last refurb I received got terrible reception, but again I settled because this was the best one I had received up until that point.5 months after receiving my last refurb, it died completely despite the much more careful care this phone recieved compared to my first RAZR.  It simply bricked itself, and now it serves as an expensive paper-weight.Overall, the V3 razr is a mediocre phone with a not-so-great retail price.  If you can get one of these for free with a contract, I'd suggest taking the deal, but I wouldn't spend more than $10 for another one of these.

Brand New As described, works well and is unlocked to use on any carrier. Thanks again especially for the box and the original packing.

The battery is almost insignificant, going from full charge to empty in 90 minutes of use.  Good looking phone, but in my area will not go onto the internet although Cingular never disclosed that and continues to charge for the non-service.  I'm changing phones and providers.

I first had to pay almost $5.00 extra at the post office to get the phone . I opened it up & the phone had come out of the packaging so it was loose in the box then I discovered that because of that one of the internal speakers had broken so the only way to hear on it was with the headset. I'm now living in Chapala , Mexico so I lost $75.00 on that purchase. The reason I bought that phone was to use down here. Now that's not possible. cfd562003@yahoo.com

Junk Plain Junk. I owned the original RAZER and it was a very good phone that served me for years. This copy cat is a disgrace to the Motorola name. I can not think of one positive for this phone.

The phone I love but the charger is broke, I went to charge the phone and it would not charge and it has something rattling inside it so now i must get a new charger, which is disappointing.

I will never buy from this compnay EVER again.  I called their toll free number as well as their local number and never got an answer.  I was on hold for well over an hour.  Also, you can not reach them via e-mail either.  I checked their website for a link under contact us.... nothing.  Never again will I buy from DataVision!!!!!!

I don't like being the first to own a new product, so I waited until the RAZR had been on the market for a long time before buying one for myself.  This is by far the best of many cell phones that I've owned.  The keypad does take a bit of getting used to, but once you do, it works very well.  The signal strength is good, the voice quality (sending and receiving) is good, and the four-band feature is good when traveling outside the USA.  Also, Amazon's price was good.  IT'S ALL GOOD!

I was extremely disappointed by the four phones that I received.  None of them works correctly, and a piece fell off one of them.  My wife, some of our children, and I have been using the Motorola RAZR V3 for many years, without any problems.  I wonder whether the four that I purchased at Amazon.com are genuine Motorola products.

Immediately after recieving my RAZR V3 it was taken to a repair shop..the reasons:it would respond sporadically the keyboard .. no response to the #9..no keyboard backlight.  After a $26 repair I have the cell phone I wanted.The other produts I ordered from Amazon were great...the customer service has always been prompt.  I'm a vietnam vet..you have to accept some set backs  every once in a while.Thank you,Francis (Frank) Ramos

The first day it came I try to charge it so I connected to the charger that it came with, but when I connected it said &#34;IMPOSSIBLE TO CHARGE&#34;

I bought this phone over two years ago. During this time, I had accidentally left it in jeans which ended up going through a full cycle in the washing machine (detergent and all), dropped it about a million times, and have thrown it at various people and objects during several different ocassions. All this had done virtually no damage to this phone, and today it continues to operate as well as it did the first time I bought it.Keep in mind, that while the RAZR is a great phone for basic functions such as talking and texting, its video/photo features are primitive at best. It is absolutely nothing fancy and probably old-fashioned by today's standards. But if you're like me and are really looking forward to using a phone for what it was originally intended to be used, then this is a great phone for you. And it will last you through a lot of damage. I know that from experience.

Best cell phone yet.  Great antenna!  It picks up 3 bars where others only get one or none in the Sierra Nevadas of both California and Mexico.  Always reception like a land line. The best yet is it is unlocked and usefull anywhere.

The product failed one week after I started to use. In addition, looks cheap and operating system is very old.

I am very pleased with my new phone.  It was perfect and I am so happy that I had a good experience with Amazon.  Every detailm that was described was accurate and I thank you so much.Sincerely M.Moore

The Razr is a great phone, and still the coolest phone around, I have no problems with mine, after of course I got the phone to work. It is actually a V3r - so all the software that ships with it does not work because it (the software) is for a V3. The V3r is a newer model (it is "green") and therefore better than just a V3. However, it is for the Hong Kong market so a lot of the short text messages pre loaded is in Chinese. And even if one changes the language to English the messages will still be in Chinese. It took me a lot of research and hours of reading articles and looking for drivers and software to update the phone until I finally got it to work.Once I got it loaded with the right software, it then started to work great. I like it so much that if anything happens to it I will buy anther Razr.

NEVER received it - very very very disappointed!!! I needed it badly for my stay in the US and I had to find anotherBrand.

I have been using Motorola Razr V3 for more than a year now, I have used it in most of the United States and in many places in Europe as well, it has performed very well. The RAZR V3 is a Quadband phone and can be used on any GSM network in the world.For many fans, there's no dispute; The Razr V3 is the coolest looking phone.  The Motorola RAZR V3 is available in a stunning anodized aluminum finish in Silver, Black, Pink, Blue and Maroon.Motorola's Razr is one of the few cell phones that all nationwide wireless operators support, that is simply because Razr V 3 looks great, offers high-speed Web browsing, and has a vibrant screen. In addition to being remarkably thin, only 14 mm., the RAZR V3 is surprisingly lightweight as well, weighing only 95 grams.The Motorola RAZR V3 also allows the user to download videos from the Internet.The Motorola RAZR V3 has been on the market for more than two years, and still a very popular phone.The amazing Bluetooth headset that accompanies Motorola RAZR V3 has a blue LED to signify call status and a multifunction button to answer and end calls.The Motorola RAZR V3 includes a lot of messaging features which include SMS, EMS, MMS and email. Like many other phones it includes date, clock, currency converter, calendar, calculator and alarm clock.The Motorola RAZR V3 is the thinnest flip phone ever made, a mere 14 mm., light weight and very attractive, however, Motorola should increase the phones memory drastically. The essential improved needed for Motorola RAZR V3 is an expandable memory.If you're looking for one of the thinnest and most stylish flip phones on the market and can tolerate few drawbacks, then Motorola RAZR V3 is the phone for you.

The phone that I purchase is great.  It met all of the expectations of the razor phone.  BUT, the product description was misleading.  It said that it was "Unlocked for use with your existing GSM 850 MHz, GSM 1800 MHz, GSM 900 MHz or GSM 1900 MHz service provider" To the untrained purchaser(me) I "assumed" (you know what happens when you assume!) that it was good for ANY service provider.  My son tried to use it with his Verizon account and was unable to get it hooked up.  At the very least, I think that the seller should have had a link (Like the one he sent me when I tried to return it!) to explain which providers it was good for.  The seller was very shady in his presentation of the product.  But if you have one of the GSM providers the phone is wonderful!

I purchased the product because of its features and yes its great, but it had some issues and Amazon could guarrantee me the same exact one i had when they replace it. this is got me very angry and am not to this very day satisfied. I wanted to buy a big screen LCD TV from here but i put it off due to this issue. and I do not think i will buy another electronic form here again. i will stick with books and maybe CD's.

First of all let me say that I did not purchase my RAZR from Amazon. I purchased my phone from my local Cingular store. I have wanted one of these phones since they first came out. Here is a breakdown of my opinion of the phone:PROS:*Thin, elegent looking phone. When the phone is opened it really is amazing how thin it is.*Suprisingly durable. Despite the fact that it is so thin, it is relatively hardy. I thought it would be easy to break (especially when open) but it is a sturdy little phone.*Large, vivid screen. The inside screen is quite large and images, menus, colors, etc. show up very well. (As with all cell phones, it is harder to see in bright daylight though.) Outside screen convenient.*Speaker phone is better than on other phones I've had (mostly I've had Samsung).*It is a desired phone, and every time I get my phone out someone makes a comment about it.*Some other reviews have mentioned problems with the volume of calls, and that menus are clumsy. I disagree with this. I have not had any problems with either of these. As a matter of fact, I like that you can rearrange pretty much any of the menus you want to. Placing what you use most at the top of the page and what you use least at the bottom. I have also not had problems with dropped calls.CONS:*Outside screen does not display time in such a manner that is easy to see when the phone is not in use (you must push one of the side buttons or open the phone to light up the outside screen).*As mentioned in other reviews, the phone collects fingerprints and oils from your skin very easily. I have to wipe off the screen and buttons every single time I use it. Especially if I have on makeup when I use it.*Twice since I have had the phone (I've had it close to a year) it has just shut down on me. The so-called "white screen of death" I suppose. Luckily a cold restart (taking out the battery for 10 seconds and then turning the phone back on) solved the problem.THE ONE REAL PROBLEM:The only thing that was frustrating to me about this phone is that within a few weeks of getting the phone I started to notice sone dust collecting under the main inside screen. Over time more and more collected. Within 3 months, the whole bottom right corner was just covered in dust and it was maddening. And there was nothing you could do about it since it was underneath the screen. Luckily my phone was under warranty, so Cingular replaced it for me. Would you believe the new one they sent me did the SAME THING! Actually it collected dust faster then the first one I'd had. Feeling quite frustrated, I called customer service again, and the sent me ANOTHER phone. Luckily this time no dust collected under the screen. I've had this last replacement now for 8-9 months and haven't had the problem again.Overall, I really have loved my RAZR. Once I got the dust problem resolved, I have had no other complaints. I would recommend that if you purchase this phone, make sure you also get a warranty, and watch closely for dust accumulation. If you don't experience that problem, I hope you enjoy this phone as much as I have.

If you are even slightly rough on cell phones than this is NOT the phone for you! I dropped mine less than two feet (about knee high) and now everytime I flip it shut it turns off and the screen goes blank (white) everytime I try to turn it back on. There are alot of people (at least 4) that I know that have the same exact problem with this phone!!!

The phone did not work when I received it.  I have sent it back and am waiting on a replacement.

This phone looks like the original but in fact was a cheap plastic model, not metal like the originals, which was powered by a below standard battery with low usage time available.  It works but when I noticed the spelling on the setup for my PERSONALIZE (their spelling PERSONALISE) settings I knew I was in for other disappointments. Apparently the "M" on the phone does not mean it is really an original Motorola Phone.

Love it!  Wish I had known that the phone came with a mini travel charger.

Every time I use the Razr phone I bought, the call drops.  Phone sucks. Phone does not work as described. Had a problem since day one.

after reading the other previous reviews about this phone i was hesitant but there was no need to be. i got my phone the very next day when i paid for that so shipping was amazing and so is the phone. it was brand new, out of the original box and all. yes it is european but i turned it on and it was already english and the manual was as well. no problems whatso ever even the adapter was in there so everything was exactly as advertised

My mother has a hard time with touch phones.She was used to this model and I had already bought one, but it was used a lot so I bought this one.Start working but then noises and clicks start interrupting the calls.  I really noticed something bad was happening when, without making any calls just with the phone powered on and I could still hear loud clicks but could not make a single call.The previous one worked fine, but this one just for a week.

I got my Black Razor with a new Cingular contract about a year ago, and have been happy with it in every way.  Easy to use, and seemed to be very well constructed.  I had dropped it on hard surfaces a few times with no problem, but it wasn't until last week that I found out how truly tough this phone is.  I accidentally left it in the pocket of my pants.  It went into the wash, 40 minutes underwater with agitator and even a second rinse cycle.  Then it went into the dryer undetected, and spent about an hour and twenty minutes banging around on high heat.  When I pulled the pants out of the dryer and felt the phone in the pocket, I groaned and figured I was out a phone.  Being optimistic, I removed the battery and left the case open until I returned from work.  The battery, of course, was shot; but when I put the battery from my wife's Razor in it and pressed the ON button, it acted like nothing had ever happened.  Worked perfectly, even with water still behind the LCD screen.  The water eventually dried out, and I'm still using the phone with no problem.  I can't believe an electronic device could survive this.  INCREDIBLE!

This phone was a European RAZR.  I am on Cingular and you cannot link to the web on this phone regardless of what you hear.  Also, none of the SIM card applications work because of this.  The lack of web access really lessens the value of the phone.The phone itself works great -- great reception and great battery life.

All was great other than you get odd messages (text) that you can not stop but found out this is a normal problem with the unlocked versions of this phone.

Terrible imitation of a V3. Accessories poor quality. The battery does not fit in your phone. The battery cover does not fit the phone completely. In short, I am totally dissatisfied and disappointed with this purchase. Caution with TECH CELLULAR!

This is a piece of junk, It was wrapped up so nice and pretty as if it was brand new. But the quality of the phone proved that to be not true at all. My phone never worked it want hold a charge. I just wasted my money. Now I cannot find anyone to return it to and amazon is no help at all. So I am stuck with a piece of junk. Therefore I will think long and hard before ordering from amazon.Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video Player--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

I got a great price on a good phone and not complaining about or reviewing that.  My comments and stars are for "in the box" stuff.I'm extraordinarily bitter than this version came with the big silly UK 3 prong plug.  I scoured all the documentation and couldn't find that said anything for sure.  My fingers were crossed that this "international version" would come with the two prong deal used widely across Europe.Of course, it's a universal voltage & Hz thing that only needs the physical adapter. Oddly, the packaging included an adapter for US style plugs.  So they're trying.  But to use in Europe will need another adapter.

This is the fourth RAZR phone for us.  It provides everything we expect in a cell phone and comes in a very compact package.  We use it as a phone & not as a PDA or a camera.  It takes a licking and keeps on ticking while we beat them up on the farm.Delivery was prompt and the price is right!

While the phone arrived locked OEMforcheap has helped me quickly with codes and tech support. At the end I even received some refund for the troubles I had. Great customer service! Thank you OEMforcheap and thank you Amazon!

Travelled around Asia, using SIM card from Thailand, Vietnam, Hongkong.  Worked quite well.  People are amazed when they saw such an old style phone still working - and serving its basic purpose of making and receiving phone calls, messages, and taking pictures.

I work with cell phones all day, so I see a lot of cool phones out there.  This phone, while not the top of the line, is certainly a solid phone with a crisp, if low, sound.  It's pretty comparable to the SLVR, which I had before this phone.  (The SLVR's display cracked.)Like other reviewers have probably mentioned, it is a little wider compared to even the other members of the Motorola line (such as the KRZR or the SLVR), and I have to admit it felt a little delicate compared to the candybar phone - it's probably just my experience using chunkier phones.  I equate this phone to the Corolla of phones - it's a solid phone, nice little perks, a lot of people have them, but not the top of the line.I received a British English version of the phone, which is perfectly fine with me, and unlike phones sold in the US, it has a number of different languages available on the phone.  (This is a huge perk for me, as most phones in the US only display English/French/Spanish and maybe Portuguese, but the version I received had French, Arabic, German, Russian, Spanish, and Turkish language support.)Pros:- Slimline casing- Proven and popular design- Widely available accessories- Excellent Bluetooth support - buttons are in no danger of being pushed while in handsfree mode if the phone is closed- Wide keys with raised ridges- Unlocked - can be used with any available GSM SIM - even in other countries- Does not support as many low frequencies as Nokia (which gives a clearer talking sound)- Decent speakerphone technology (but not perfect)Cons:- BREW OS - harder to get applications from the computer to the phone- Does not come with Motorola synchronization software- Older OS and less feature-rich than newer phones, even later versions of the RAZR line.- Web key a part of the dialing pad, right above the call key - be careful not to hit it if you don't have a data plan- Low audio signal sometimes - can be very quiet in a high-noise situation.Matter of Opinion:- Motorola menuing system - please note that this system is NOT the one used by U.S. carriers, which normally flashes their own branded menuing system onto the phone (like Verizon).

Use this code at the online Motorola store to save 15% off most items. Here is the code : PASS_12870. Link to the Moto Store : [...]Thanks, Aaron

Great ..prodduct.. as describe.. But the volume is too low when it's ringing.. Ready to used in foregn country such as Vietnam.

I bought this item for my wife as a Christmas present. She's very happy with it.

It is a decent product for regular voice users. The design is quite neat and clean. One charge of the battery gives almost one week's worth of standby hours. Another plus is that this phone has Input in Chinese.

This phone replaces a RAZR V3 that i've had since they first came out some years ago.  The phone still works.  However, it shows the ravages of a hard life as my companion.  I dropped it in the snow and, dropped it everywhere else, but every time i dropped her, she came up fully functional.  I like the size, shape, feel and I am familiar with its features.  My only disappointment with this new phone is that the selection of ring tones is sadly deficient.  The tone that i have enjoyed for years 'Sky Blue' is not among those that come within settings, and overall the selections available are significantly fewer than what was offered on my original phone.  But I guess I'll get used to it. If any one knows if/where i might download this ring tone the info would be appreciated.  D. Col&oacute;n

I purchased this phone from Amazon aware that a lot of variability exists regarding the opinions of other purchasers. However, I have owned a Razr V3 phone for several years with no problems. I am very gratified that the phone I received was everything I desired. The phone worked flawlessly while I was in Europe. I also used the Modal sim card that Amazon provided free with the phone and the reception was superb with regard to my calls as well to my incoming calls.I was particularly impressed with the high quality of the aluminum casing of this phone, much better than my domestic Razr V3, which has a plastic casing. I dropped it a couple of times with no damage or problems. It is a sturdy cell phone. While it is designed as a European cell phone, it can be set for either a 24 hour clock or the English/US 12 hour am/pm time format. The supplied battery also worked well, and I often went several days before recharging it. My phone came with an English manual and an US charging unit. All in all, an excellent international phone. I just purchased another one to replace my plastic "domestic" Razr V3 phone.

The phone was very poorly manufactured.  The battery was not an original product.  Battery cover did not stay on.  Not a good product.

I was sent the wrong phone and the charger that came in the box does not even go to the phone I received!! I am in the middle of moving-otherwise I would have sent this back already! I had to go purchase a whole new phone that I really did not want just so I would have a phone. Since I had to wait to recieve this phone and then after sending it back I would have to wait longer for another phone; unfortunately this was not an option. If anyone does read this and cares, please send to my email address how to go about sending this item back- as this was my first time using Amazon. Thanks-

This is my 4th razr in about 5 years.  They last about 1 year.  But they only cost about 80 bucks, or less if you can renew your cell phone contract and purchase through your service provider.  I get this phone because it is physically durable and fits in my back pocket.  I leave my phone in my back pocket and sit on it all the time.  Maybe that's why they break - they have to withstand daily squashings by a 150 pound person.  I use my phone strictly for making and receiving calls.  I do not use it for the internet or media.  There is no other phone on the market that fits in my back pocket comfortably.  My other Razr's broke for the following reasons -1. after 1.5 years the inside screen quit working, i didn't attempt repair, just got a new phone because I was eligible for an upgrade through my provider.2. I dropped the phone on concrete and broke the external screen - apparently it's made of glass, but it still worked.  after about 1.5 years, the battery wouldn't hold a charge for longer than a day, so I got a new razr.3. after about 1 year the battery stopped holding a charge for longer than a day.Then I switched to a blackberry pearl, which sucked.So I purchased this Razr, and it has lived up to my meager expectations.  Should last about 1-1.5 years.

I think this is a good phone. I owned a Moto V551 and this is almost the sameexcept it lacks as much memory. This phone has some good skins, themes, features,and a huge screen. It's camera is great considering it's only a VGA. I owned aSony Ericsson T616 and that camera stunk, I'd take this one over my old Sony.It could use more memory but overall it's a pretty good phone, especially whenyou can get one for only $40. If you're interested email me at Gibsoncat320@aol.com,I'd be happy to help you out. There are better phones out there but this wasn'tmeant to be a "Top of the Line" phone. It's an awesome looking all metal phone,get one if you really want one!!!

Because all those eccessories are not included and it is not an international, an international would come with the 110v & 220v charging systems this one only came with a 110v.

excellent seller that is willing to replace phone with no hassle. the first item i received was put together very poorly.  i was able to send it back and get a replacement right away.

This really is the worst phone ever, do not buy it.It breaks without warning, weather it snaps in half, the side things holding the wires fall off, or all the keys come unresponsive.If you want the phone just for the looks (which aren't that great) Make sure you get insurance on it, because it will break.I haven't had this brand of phone for a year yet, and I have gone through four.Worst phone.

I recieved this phone a couple of weeks ago and I really like it. My old Sony Ericsson had a couple of features that I miss with this phone (timer, stopwatch, programable daily alarm clock), but otherwise I really like it. I'd never go back to my old phone!! This one has a much better signal and keeps a charge a LOT longer.

This is a great phone. My only criticism is that it can be hard to read the numbers without reading glasses. Easy to use.

i WILL ADVISE BUYERS DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. BATTERY IS RUNNING OUT AFTHER 2-3 HOURS.BATTERY CHARGER IS NOT CHARGING THE BATTERY ON THE PHONE.THE PHONE HAVE SOME MALTFUCTION.THAT'S WHY THERE IS NO WARANTY ON THIS PHONE. SPEND A FEW BOX MORE AND CHECK FOR BETTER ONE LIKE NOKIA.BECAREFULL YOU WILL RECEIVE ONLY THE CHARGER NOTHING ELSE.NO CD NO DATA CABLE ECT.ECT.DON'T BELIEVE THE PICTURE SHOWING IN THE BOX.

I bought the RAZR V3 to replace my wife's broken RAZR.  The matte black finish is great, quality is just fine, and it works well with our carrier (ATT). However the phone came out of the box with Portugese or some similar language. I was easily able to change it to English, but it seems to not have an English dictionary for the auto fill feature of texting.  It doesn't recognize even the simplest of English words.

It is good phone for an older cell phone. There is a couple of bad things though the battery I had to replace, an there is no ring tone to notify you that there is a text message other than that I can live with the phone it will work for a good back up phone.

The item has been shiped fast, transaction smooth and nice, satisfied with the item. The only thing is that I don't like the disign of the phone and the usage of it, I like silver one over the black.

Bah! Worthless! That's not a testament to the RAZR, just a statement about this particular one! I ordered this phone as a replacement for my damaged RAZR and it was sorely lacking in every department. My original RAZR was awesome. I dropped it (into a puddle, shorting out the keypad) and I decided that since it had served me so well, I would replace it with the upgraded V3 model.For one, it is a European phone. For most things, this shouldn't matter but there are a few terribly niggling details that can't be overlooked. Spelling is all British. "Personalise" is spelled with a "z" instead of an "s" in America. It's a minor detail, but it adds up since every bit of spelling and terminology difers from a normal US phone. You won't know exactly what you're doing if you've used US phones and get this phone. Things are generally in the same spot and named similarly, but it's different enough to be frustrating. Additional example: Dates use the European format of DD-MM-YYYY, instead of MM-DD-YYYY.Texting with this phone is a nightmare. The autocomplete draws from what looks to be French, Italian, Spanish and maybe German as well. I didn't want to delve much more deeply into the phone as I was already irritated beyond measure. My family communicates with texts fairly often and to have the ability to type out a quick text message with the help of autocomplete effectively disabled is simply not acceptable on any level. It turns a 20 second message into a 5 minute message, punching in every single letter.In addition to all that, I plugged the phone in via the European charger + adaptor (with my mind reeling that it's not simply a US charger in the first place) only to find that the battery wouldn't charge. I tried my charger from the old RAZR and got the same problem. Spending this kind of money to talk for maybe 2 hours before needing to get an entirely new battery? No thank you.Lastly, the few calls I tested it on gave terrible reception. I'd blame the destination caller if it weren't to a land line and I'd even blame Cingular/AT&T; if the phone hadn't been reporting perfect service.Now, from other reviews, it sounds like many people get good phones via this order system. I will state this: If you got lucky and pulled a working American RAZR from this draw, congratulations. I say: Once bitten, twice shy. No more buying phones this way for me, not until there's considerable more documentation on-line about what's really going to be shipped.I'll be going to Cingular tomorrow to buy a brand new one after going to the post office to return this piece of junk. The reported price on Amazon is actually well over double what the Cingular/ATT website lists the price as, including not signing a contract.
