
This is an absolutely horrible phone!  The first one I bought quit working after about 3 months.  The ear-piece quit putting sound out and the only way I could talk to someone was with the speakerphone.  Then, I got a new phone, and it worked pretty well for about 4 months, but now, it will randomly power off, it will hold a charge for a good 12 hours (without using it), and barely charges when I plug it in.  Apart from that, sometimes it won't send text messages, and it's not the service.  The screen is so small that it's hard to see things.  The camera takes decent pictures, but nothing to write home about, and unless you send it to your computer you can barely tell what it is because of the small screen.  My advice, buy some other phone, this one will just cause you problems.

I got my V265 a few weeks ago, and noticed that it had a tendency to come out of its belt clip.  Unfortunately, it came out for the FINAL TIME without my noticing it.  Can't say that I had it long enough to learn to like or dislike it.  However, Motorola should hang its corporate head in shame for providing that shoddy belt clip.  After talking to others who had the same or similar phone, I find that this is a common problem.  I'm back to using my old Nokia for the rest of my service contract, and won't bother with Motorola crap anymore

This is the worst phone I've ever had. I've had three. One the first one, the screen went black and never came back. On the second, the earpiece died. Now, on my third, the battery will no longer charge.Pay money for another phone if you need to, this one is trash.

i bought this phone in march and have replaced it twice since then (it's november).  the people at verizon say it is a piece, and they are just poorly made.  generally it works fine for a while, then there is a lot of static on the line.  this is a common complaint, again per verizon.  it's happened twice.  i wonder why they didn't mention it when i bought the phone.  also, it sometimes reboots when you are trying to send a text message cold, i.e. not replying to somebody.  i would highly recommend getting anything else.

There is a glitch in the switch that determines if the phone is flipped open or closed. When I open my phone about a quarter inch the outside screen momentarily shows the time again, just like when the phone is closed. At that point your call will get dropped if you have your phone set to answer upon opening it. It only happens if you open your phone slowly. The switch sometimes malfunctions when I close my phone in that it thinks it is still open. I have to close my phone a couple times to get the outside screen to show the time again which means it is closed.I went to a local Motorola service center. They had a similar gitch when opening their demo phone but not when closing. I was told by them it would take 3-4 weeks to get it back if it was sent in for repairs under warranty. The local service center was out of loaner phones so I was out of luck unless I was willing to give up a months worth of phone service for which I pay $40 a month.The service representative suggested contacting Amazon.  I just tried returning my phone to Amazon, but I was not allowed to return it.  There is a 30 day return policy that appears to be strictly enforced (I bought mine a month and a half ago) even thought there is a 1 year warranty on the phone.  Even if they did allow a return, I would be without a phone for who knows how long while it goes through snail mail. I am angry.Because of the cost of mailing a return and the loss of service while making an exchange, I would NOT recommend buying a cell phone from internet stores like Amazon. Also, I was charged for phone service by Verizon starting the day after I made the purchase even though I did not get the phone in the mail for over a week after the purchase.

A paper airplane with a note and a strong wind is more effective than this phone.  First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.  Now I cannot access my voicemail because it will not recognize me hitting my security code, I even had the code re-set, and it still did not recognize me hitting the buttons.  I have had this phone for a little over two weeks, and this going to be my first and last Motorola ever.  The camera, forget it...I understand that this is a camera phone, and the pictures are not as good, but the pictures are horrid on this one.  The voice recognition is a joke, you have to say it 3 or 4 times, so basically you could of manually dialed faster.  When I do connect, the battery lasts maybe an hour and a half.  I did not get my phone through Verizon, I have mine through Alltel, and I will never forget or forgive them over the way they handled my little own little ulcer builder in my life.  Seriously, if you are thinking on getting this phone, find an alternative phone, even though it looks good; because I am telling you, all you will have is 2 years of having a good looking phone, with no functionality.

This  is a very good phone, alot of phones offer the same features but motorola phones are just better than  LG Samsung Audiovox etc. With verizon as your subscriber you cant go wrong clear reception not like T-mobiles garbage system or nextels you keep breaking up trash thats probably why they went to push to talk so you would overlook the clarity. All i have to say is i know you can hear me now.

Overall, this is a good phone.  It has good phone reception and nice new features like a color screen, camera, web and txt messaging.  There is one "improvements" one would like to see that most other phones seem to already have.  You cannot associate pictures with people listed in your contact list.

had the identical problem as previous writer. The phone's exterior display does not recognize when the phone is closed, so it always shows "verizon" instead of the time/caller ID. This is a problem because when I open the phone, it does flicker on, then off, thus hanging up on the person! When I went to return it, the guy in the store confessed that another customer had a similar problem.should be replaced soon. hopefully will get a good one.

No need to write a long, drawn out review.  In short, I have had this phone for exactly one year so far and it has been babied.  It can no longer hold a charge, the ability to store multiple numebrs a a single name doesn't exist, and the useability is fairly lame.

What i like about this phone is it's excellent sound quality. The speakerphone is incredibly good. It's even clearer than using earphone. However, the digital camera sucks. You'll never use it. But if this is not what you want, it doesn't matter. Someone criticize v265 that the backlight of key pad sometimes doesn't light up and think this is an error. Actually, this is because the phone is set to power save mode, which automatically turns off the backlight of keypad if there is sufficient light.The LCD screen is bad. You could barely see what it shows under sunlight.i rated 5 stars since the phone is the best in all fundamental qualities of being a cell phone, such as the sound quality & reception.

After using this phone for a month, I'm about ready to run it over with a steam roller.  The first week seemed to be going great for the phone, and I left for college.  Ever since I've been here, it's been absolutely horrible.  At first, it randomly beeped "Low Battery" so I figured maybe a small error, so I restarted the phone and it would go away.  As weeks went by, it continued to get worse.  I would hook it up to the charger, and it would read "Charge Complete" on the outside cover, then unplug it and "Low Battery" would flash.  I have even let it sit out for the night trying to charge, and I still get nothing.  It would randomly turn off on me, which is quite embarrassing when speaking with a relative.  For a phone that's supposed to be on silent, why does it beep on "Low Battery"?  Kind of the defeats the purpose of silent if you ask me.  The screen unlit is impossible to read, and the phone feels flimsy.  I got this phone on August 8, 2005 and September 19th, it finally decided to refuse to charge or turn on anymore, leaving me without a cell phone.  Considering the other reviews I've read about this phone, I shouldn't even give it a star, it truly is a crappy phone.  If Motorola thought this phone was acceptable to release to the public, someone must have not been thinking straight.  They might want to consider redesigning the battery compartment, as I think that may be part of the problem (easy for the battery to loose contact), but I don't know.  I only gave it two stars, as the call quality was clear, and I received great reception (I do live near a phone tower, but still).  Also, Verizon Wireless customer support is excellent, friendly helpful people on the phone.  All I can say is, spend the extra $ and find a more reliable, solid phone.  My old Nokia 3360 from ATT Wireless was slower, heavier but I never had problems with it.

I got one of these for free to replace my wife's older candy-bar size phone. Basically, for free we got what we paid for. The phone stopped working after about a month and had to be replaced. It's nice and loud like most Motorola phones, but the voice quality is not particularly good - her calls to me sound muffled. But she likes it OK, mainly because the battery lasts forever, the black color is spiffy, and she can finally control the ringer volume from the side rocker switch without navigating any menus.This phone's too small for me - but if you like tiny phones it's definitely tiny. Camera and screen are of below-average quality.

The previous phone I had was rubbish. It was the equivelant to American Soccer. Simply appaling. I was about to leave Verizon, when i spoke to the sales representative, one thing lead to another, her sweet sexy voice spoke brilliant colors to me, and she even said, "humm...the camera is actually pretty good." I'm not the first to say, but the camera on this phone is garbage. This phone faces other problems. When in the sunlight, as i normally am in California, you can not see the screen at all. The screen is rather small, and it's bulky. The batty life runs about three hours talking time, but the idle time is about three days. Idle time isn't important though, because you want to talk on the phone. I'm about 7 months into the phone, and it's slowing down on me. Not cool. Verizon is tricky really, because they seem to struck a deal with Motorolla, in ensuring that fine Americans like ourselves get stuck with rubbish phones. Do yourself a favor, get something else, like the LG VX7000, i'm about to purchase that soon. By the way, the Raz'r from singular is just as bad. No inchurance on the phone for a reason. Though i must say, my phone calls don't drop. That's pretty cool i guess.

I bought this phone last July, after I finally decided I needed a cell phone for school, work, etc. I bought this one mostly because I heard Motorola was a good brand, it was Verizon (the best service in my town), and I liked how it looked. I read a lot of mixed reviews before buying it, but I decided to go for it. I just want to say that I am overall pleased with this phone and have had few problems with it. I agree with other reviews with a couple of issues, such as the menu being difficult to read in direct sunlight and the buttons being somewhat small. Other than that, I can't think of anything else negative about it. I usually get good service, all of the parts and charging pieces work, and the phone has been durable. I really don't agree with all the reviewers saying this phone is a piece of crap and don't buy it. When I purchased it from Amazon, all the rebates came out so that I got the phone for free and the extra money paid for a month of service. With all the good deals you can get with this phone, it's definitely worth the price. I would recommend the V265 for people who don't want to spend a lot of money but want a reliable and attractive phone.

This phone is the biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased. We purchased three of these phones and all 3 have been replaced. You cannot hear anything unless you use speakerphone.  It also just turns off while you using it.  Please take my advise and don't waste your money.

I purchased this phone for my elderly father and all it accomplished was make both of us much older! Charging issues seemed to be the primary demon and even after repeated trips to verizon it still was an issue.I finally realized battery charge time option was not set correctly and at least that problem went away! key pad rediculously small , screen you can't read at 20yrs old let alone 80yrs old and a phone conversation volume that would make anyone visit the local drug store for a ear wax removal kit! dropped calls , static if you did connect, clumbsy awkward feel and my fathers relentless complaints have all contributed to the final fate of our v265! I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone except fisherman and hockey players ! If you do purchase one of these phones be sure to get the insurance It's a must if you expect to get a replacment when you throw the thing in the bay!  WITH THE REST OF OURS!

ok heres the story of my phone...it was found in a pile of snow then my friends girl friend had it for a while...then i got it and its been nothing but trouble.ok it has some cool stuff like a cam and you can email audio to it and what not...but damn its got static issues and mine decided to say "screw it im gonna keep my backlight on 24/7/365!"i enjoy the speakerphone option but even that is pretty crappy...its just ghetto.its a step up from the kx414 i had but still...its caused so many damn issues...if i could afford a new cell id get a LG VX8100...you can store up to a gb on it with the expansion card...so good. yeah dont get this phone its pretty much a paper weight

None of the problems other reviewers have listed here have come up with my new phone (it has only been a week, however...)Its a very cool looking phone with a nice, but smallish screen.It keeps recording a terrible sounding message for the voicemail - but the people I talk to say that I sound perfectly clear on their end, so I don't know why that is happening.As with most phones, the camera is kind of pointless - that's why you buy a camera.  Phones are for phoning, cameras are for picture taking.  Stop trying to get everything to do everything, and they'll work better.

this phone has all features that much more expensive phone has.. right now verizon is offerin this phone for a low price of 49 after rebate.. its perfectly worth it.. the phone has impressive display with atleast 6 color options the blue key light is nice especially in the dark it stands out perfectly clear.. the speaker phone is very good, its clear and easy to hear.. i have had this phone for two weeks and i only charge for about 1/2 to hour at night b4 i go to bed and its on 3 battery bars the whole day.. the only poor qualities i can think of are the camera phone, but if u think about it u are buyin a phone not a camera its only an accessory the other thing the shinny black face plate is easy to scartch smudge with finger prints.. also the name dial feature is totaly usless unless u us standard names like william andrew gary etc..

I bought a V265 in November.  My second one just died (a short of some sort...either way it won't turn on).  I went by Verizon to buy a new phone.  They said they could replace it, or I could buy a new phone at full retail cost.  Now...why would I have it replaced again?  I got 11 hours of battery life, 13-14 at the most.  The charging mechanism does not stay in the phone (most of the time you have to set it at an angle and oh-so-gently put the phone down).  And it continues to break in the same fashion (first, shutting off at random times; then unable to turn on).  I only got the Motorola because my old StarTac lasted for years.  I will no longer purchase Motorola phones, and I'd rather not deal with Verizon's policy to continue to replace the phone (that continually breaks) instead of allowing you to purchase a different model, make, or brand at a price that isn't outlandish.

GOOD - Good, clear phone with easy to customize features.  In addition, it has a very good speaker phone compared to similar phones, which gives you added option besides the earpiece.BAD - Camera is absolutely horrible!  Very few features, horrific resolution, and very limited brightness.  Also, even if you have another motorola phone, you still can't exchange phone books.

I have a v260 which is basically the same as this phone.  I decided to write in the V265 review area becuase v260 can no longer be found on amazon.  Anyways, I'm on my third phone and when I went to go get it the people at verizon said that there is a KNOWN defect with this phone and that it usually breaks after about 2 months on average.  Why should I have to keep getting this same phone if there is a KNOWN defect?  Unbelievable!!!

As many have experienced, the Motorola V series of phones continues to have issues making a connection to the charger, either in the car or at home. The connection port on the phone is very flimsy and tempermental. I always had a problems connection to the charger with my previous Motorola phone, and when it finally could no longer connect to the charger (only days after the warranty had run out of course!) I was told the problems with the Motorola phones had been resolved. Needless to say, this was well..bu...innacurate, shall I say?I will never ever buy a Motorola phone again. The present one I have, a second replacement and only 2 months old, is again exhibiting this problem. And to make it worse, because it constantly fluctuates in the car between being connected and not, not only does it make it hard to speak, but it sometimes "freezes" the phone and disconnects the caller.I can't wait to start looking into what Nokia has to offer.

This phone is a great blend of cool features and a highly usable phone!

I got my unit and on the second day the speaker stopped putting out sound. The only way to hear now is to put it on speaker phone. I gave it a 1 star rating becuase of the other reviews even though I havnt experienced the same numberous problems.

so i definately do not like this phone. It deserves a zero star but there isn't one. There are random power-outs where it just turns off. but if i hit the power button, it turns back on. but othertimes, it will turn it off. it drops calls, the battery charge spazzes out. but the thing that irritates me the most. is the fact that it drops my contacts. it still remembers them when they call, but if i try to find their number, it wont be listed in the contacts....anybody know to fix this cuz i dont wanna spend money on a new phone/contract.

i've had this phone for about 3 weeks now, and battery does not last long. seems like there is a memory effect.  i can talk 1.5 hrs straight, and the phone is dead!

I bought two of these phones, hoping for improved battery life and better connections over my old LG4400.  What a mistake.  The V265 is the worst phone I have owned.  The buttons are very small.  The clip that ships with the phone does not hold it. I lost my phone several times before buying a leather holster, which still does not prevent the phone opening when you don't want it to.  I receive lots of voice mails now, because practically no one can reach me directly.  Battery life is about the same as on the old LG.  Overall I traded my LG, which sometimes dropped calls, for the V265 which hardly ever completes them in the first place.  I am seriously considering reactivating my old LG.  I have not been able to transfer pictures from my V265 to my wife's V265.  Verizon customer service told me "huh, it should have worked!".  I recommend you save your money and don't buy this phone.

I've read the reviews and it's amazing how different they are. I for one LOVE my phone and I think maybe the carrier is the difference.  I have Altel and I love them!  We've tried all of the others and found them to be of poor quality. My daughter had an Audiovox and it was terrible so she switched to the V265 along with me. I love the features, I don't have a lot of knowledge of them but we find them very easy to learn and use.  As with anything, you can't just pick up a piece of electronic equipment and expect to know everthing about it unless you're my husband...lol..he is actually the purchasing agent of a large company and had to try out a lot of cell phones and phone companies before he settled on Altel which is awesome.  I think some people have an easier time learning or catching on to these little gadgets and we are in that catagory. Anyway, I've found Motorola to be very very reliable and I haven't had any problems with mine yet, everyone just loves it and so do I..

The title says it all. The cell phone industry is pretty much hit or miss nowadays, and the V265 is a BIG miss. My cousin got one, and she loved it for a few months, until things went bad (my phone went bad after about 4 months). The battery life slowly fell off, my V265 gets about 20 minutes of talk time until the battery cries dead, but it will last for about 2-3 days if not talked on, which dosen't happen much. The hardware is oudated too, the screen is too small, but the camera is of decent quality. I believe that the V265 is the largest produced phone in Motorolas history, and it seems that they value quantity over quality. My sisters V265 has had to be sent in for service TWICE, once because the battery wouldn't charge, and once because the speaker died (she couldn't hear out of her phone).Some advice? The V265 was a hip machine when it came out, but now it's old news, and a downright bad phone. Put your money elsewhere, Samsung has great phones, as does Keocerya. I used to buy Motorolas because they were an American company. I'm not sure if I'll buy another one though...

Before I review the phone itself, a few words about Verizon. Their new plans count peak time till 9PM, not 8PM as it used to be. Even if you get more minutes, you're effectively loosing 20 hrs or so a month, and virtually eliminate night-time savings when calling East Coast M-F from the West Coast. This information is well hidden from prospective subscribers. Calling voicemail costs air-time minutes - make sure you program the phone to dial it automatically for speed. Their customer service has been easy to contact and pleasant to deal with, but there were numerous problems and mistakes that needed to be addressed when activating the phones and when reviewing the bills. Read your bill carefully.This stylish phone is quite well designed when it comes to integrating the variety of features it offers. There is, however, one glaring (no pun intended) flaw: the color screen is completely useless in daylight. I don't mean that it is difficult to read. It is impossible to read at all. No matter how you shield it with your hand, or try to find some shade; if there is more light than what you normally find indoors, the display simply looks as if it were turned off. There is no brightness adjustment, so it's not a question of setting the phone correctly. The only thing to be done is to find direct strong sunlight and then manipulate the phone just so, and maybe you will get a reading from this display as the sun rays reflect from the display's surface. Once indoors, or at night, there is no problem. The display then looks quite impressive and is functional.If outdoor viewing is rather handicapped, you do get compensated with a choice of wallpapers and screen savers for the display!Don't get excited about taking pictures with this phone. They are extremely poor quality. And yet, this is a gimmick pushed by both Motorola (the manual explains picture taking before anything else!) and Verizon, which wants you to pay some eight bucks a month to send up to 20 of these to other people. Someone is apparently joking around here.I have two of these phones. One of them has a somewhat brighter screen than the other, which makes manufacturing tolerances questionable. Again, brightness is not adjustable - only the duration of backlighting is. One of the phones initially had a problem with the display, but after wiggling the cover several times, the contacts apparently mated and now it works fine. However, the button backlighting turns itself off when you hit a key now and then, on either phone - someone working on power management has opted for reversed logic.The speaker phone cannot be turned on if the headset is plugged in. This makes it inconvenient if you want someone else to hear the conversation while you are using the headset. If you have the headset plugged in, folding the phone does not drop the connection - the phone disconnects only when it detects the other end of the line terminate the call. Be carefull and use the END key.Entering text can get complicated, even though Motorola tried to make it easy with their we-will-guess-as-you-type smarts - more confusing than useful. But once you get used to the basics of text entering, it's not too bad (except for that disapearing key backlighting I mentioned).Voice dialing works poorly - the phone usually does not recognize what one is saying. My old Samsung did much better than this unit (to put it simply, Samsung was useable, while this one is not). Also, it takes longer to dial with voice: you have to state a function first, than a name, each time having a little "conversation" with the phone's synthetic ego. A nice demo-level functionality, but quite useless in the field. The exercise gets even rediculous if you enter a person's name that's not common in English: the phone will insist that you pronounce it the way the voice synthesizer chooses to pronounce it, which means you either have to intentionally misspel it or else intentioanally mispronounce it. My old Samsung simply asked you to record your own pronounciation of an entry and then tried (quite reliably) to match it when you spoke it again while voice dialing.The selection of ring sounds offers a bunch of MIDI tunes that sound absolutely horrendous. Try using some of the more basic choices or else risk being taken for a moron by the public around you. Again, the corporate types want to steer you towards downloading more sounds and tunes for additional money.On the more positive note, the phone is stylish and convenient to use in other ways. The keypad and navigation buttons work very well. I like the single key speed dialing - but you have to dig deep into the manual to discover this feature. I also like that you can browse contacts, etc. while talking on line. In the dark the unit looks impressive and menus are thought out well. The speaker phone mode actually works. The contacts database is well designed, and you get a calendar and a calculator for good measure. The interface is quite customizable.But keep in mind that the plethora of functions can be overwhelming. This is not a gadget for technically challenged people.The reception quality is fine. Typically, you can hear people better (actually very well) than they can hear you. The headset that comes with the "Essentials Pack" works well and is easy to wear, but keeping the plug close to the ear canal can be a bit problematic. The leather cover looks nice and fits well, but has a tendency to quickly collect moisture between the display's surface and the transparent plastic that goes over it.I am giving it only 3 stars for taking a giant step backward in display usability and substandard voice dialing capability, both of which were implemented better three years ago on other phones using less advanced technologies. Cheap thrills driven by greed are unbecoming and embarrasing. If you can live with these limitations, go for it, you may actually end up enjoying it a lot for other reasons.

Ok so im not gonna lie. the phone served the purpose. It was good to me untill recently. It says i have full bars yet no one can hear me. People say they have called me and i get no calls, people say they text me yet i get nothing. Now i have this phone on a wareentee.....NOTE DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON A WARENTEE!!!!!I took the phone into my local verizon store and told them the issue. granted yes the phone has been dropped maybe 2 times out of the 10 months of owning it. so the sales person asked me if i dropped it recently....uh no. ok well i dunno what to tell you...ok i told him i had a warentee and he said i couldnt get a new phone until they determined if it was my fault or the phones....ok so your gonna take my phone from me for god knows how long and expect me to pay a bill when i dont use it? NO...needless to say i have purchase a new phone. That works 10 times better and even the pictures come out so much better its amazing.If your only goin on a 1 year contract you may like the phone...but a 2 year forget it...complete waste of time

I used to have an LG VX4400 and thought that phone had issues and then I bought this piece of crap. It shuts off on its own, doesn't hold a battery charge (even after charging for 12 hours) and on top of that you have to mess with the battery charger for a good 5 minutes or more just to get the stupid thing to start charging. It has these random glitches where I won't receive incoming calls, it just sends them to voicemail (no, it is not the service) and it has erased items that it was never told to. This was the biggest waste of time and money I have ever spent with a cell. Don't bother with this one and learn from my mistake.

I am on my third v265. I used to have an LG which I thought was pretty generic, but it turned out to be a better phone than this. I dropped my LG in the toilet, so I needed a new phone. I got the v265 because it was the most comfortable/affordable phone available at the Verizon store. I also thought that Motorola would be of better quality. I was wrong.The first phone had a problem with the "voice recognition key". They button was kind of mushy and didn't click when depressed. I noticed it at the store, but thought it was intended to be this way. After a couple of hours I realized that the button didn't function at all. I took it back to Verizon the next night.The sales person tried to replace it with a refurbished phone even thought I had owned this less than 24 hours. I raised a stink and they got a brand new one out for me. They took about an hour to set it up and sent me on my way. This second phone had problems too. The button that was supposed to register that the phone was closed didn't work, so it constantly said "Verizon Wireless" upside down and the key lights would always come on. It also wouldn't hang up when I closed the phone. I took this one back within 24 hours as well. The guy at the Verizon store told me that this was a known issue with earlier version of the v265. I asked why he would sell me an earlier model with known problems, but he didn't have any answer. They tried again to give me a refurbished phone. I wouldn't have it. Eventually they pulled another v265 out of the box and set it up for me. At this point I was ready to get a different phone, but all the other phones at the time were about $50 more. I decided to give this one last try. The sales person claimed that this one was the newer model that didn't have the problems.The third phone hasn't caused me any problems so far. It's been about 3 months. The buttons work and it registers when the face is closed. I don't think this phone is very well built and I think I'll need to replace it within the year. If that's the case, I will try to hold out until I can find a good deal on a camera that has been out long enough to get good reviews.Pros:1. I like that you can use MP3s as ringtones. Not essential.2. Looks kinda cool.Cons:1. The photo quality really isn't that great.2. Too many "known problems" that I have already encountered.3. Fragile feeling buttons4. No bluetooth or IR to transfer photos

I got this phone 15 months ago, and magically, exactly 1 year after I bought it (and after the warranty ran out), this phone really started having many problems... battery life, speaker going bad, calls dropping, static on the other end, everything you read about in these reviews  is true.  I went to the Verizon store, and they acted like they knew this was an issue with the phone, that they had been receiving many complaints.  A couple of the Verizon retailers also told me they would advise people to stay away from the phone, and I would do the same... get any other phone except this one...

It was time for a new every two phone.  Got the V265 from VZ as it was a trimode and looked cool... but the first one developed a major static problem and made it so you couldnt talk on it.. VZ sent out another new one and now only a week later it is doing the same thing.  Thankfully its within the time frame of the satisifaction and VZ is changing me out to a different phone altogether.  Hopefully the Kyocera will be better!

Poor quality by Motorola after a little more than one year usage.  But for listening using a wired headset, the audio microphone and speaker of the cell phone are now at such a low level as to be unusable.  There are better choices for quality.  There are many features to this phone - the voice recognition dialing is a nice feature.

I purchased a Motorola V265 with Verizon service plan from Amazon.  Here is my experience:First phone that I received had these problems: 1) terrible static in both the ear receiver and microphone (basically, I had trouble hearing people on the phone and they complained of not able to hear me clearly); 2) keypad backlight was dim. I notified Amazon and they shipped a replacement V265 right away.Second phone that I received from Amazon had bright keypad backlight, and the receiver and microphone seemed to work fine, BUT the phone's vibration tone did NOT work.I took my 2nd faulty Motorola V265 straight to the Verizon Wireless store and the tech support guy exchanged it with another new Motorola V265 on the spot.  I checked to make sure that the phone sounds clear and is fully functional before I left the Verizon store.  I later shipped the 1st faulty phone I received back to Amazon.So far, my 3rd Motorola V265 is working fine without new problem.  I only use it to make calls.  The camera is totally useless, so don't buy it because of the camera.Lessons that I learned:1) If you buy a Motorola V265, you have up to 66% chance of getting a bad phone.2) Amazon has great customer service3) Verizon has great customer service4) Get Motorola V710 if you want camera and analog roaming5) Get Samsung A670 if you want camera and need no analog roaming6) Get Nokia 6015i if you want analog roaming but no cameraWould I buy V265 if I have to do it all over again? No.

I love the speakerphone...but the voice dialing never understands anyone who has tried to dial with it. The phone's battery always dies early, and it has had to be replaced three times for various things - mainly it will not close all the way and makes the battery die.

I have had this phone for three years, well, actually this is my third phone that they have sent me after the first 2 broke. The first phone whould not charge, not on the home charger, not on a different home charger, not on a car charger, and died. I called customer service and they said "Oh ya, dont wory about it one is being fedexed to you right now". This happens a lot I guess. So the new phone comes, works "fine" for about 2 months then everyone starts getting static from my calls. When people start saying can you repete that I cant hear you, bang it on the table 2 or 3 times and it will work fine. This problem got so bad that I called Verizon again and again they said "Oh ya, dont wory about it one is being fedexed to you right now". So now I am on phone 3 in about 2 and a half years, this one will not charge unless I bite my tough, and hold is with one leg in the air if you catch my drift.Now I am on a business plan, I have 8 of these phones on the plan, and all of them have different problems, screan to dim, earpiece not working, static static static, no charging, the list goes on. Just like everyone else, stay away from this phone.

This is a pretty solid phone, I got it with a two year subscription for 50 some bucks last winter and right now I think its free with 2 year contract. Definitley worth it. If you're just looking for a great day to day phone, this one is great. Its not gonna be the best web browser or have bluetooth connectivity but its got a nice loud earpiece and loud speaker. Screen is a little small (only comparted to the next gens that are out there now) but its not like you have to squint or anything to see. The camera is not that great, but anything VGA really isnt worth even taking pictures.If you're sigining up for verizon, and dont really care about what phone you have as long as you can call people then definitly get this, dont worry about sprining the extra cash for the v710 or e815. But if you're looking for something more stlyish, or with more advanced featuers or a better camera, go for those.

Phone's display is so small and Verizon has a policy of extending your contract anytime you change your rate plan! I know several people who haveactually been extendedand they were never told or asked if this was ok! Beware of Verizon and this phone!

Yes if you take advantage of a promotional price plan or purchase a subsidized phone Verizon Wireless will extend your plan. I don't have a problem with this 1 because I don't intend to leave and know I can change the plan at any time and 2 if they are paying for me to get a new cool phone like the V265 for free then I would expect to give something back (and I am not really giving anything because I am not leaving anyway).On the Phone... It is the best ergonomics of phones out there today, just the right size not to small not to big. All the features work well. The camera could be better but after all it is a phone not a camera. I like having it for the quality I would expect to always be in my pocket for emergencies or they hey let me get a picture of that to reference later. If I am taking pictures of the kids or vacations and I plan to print them later I carry my 5mp cannon! There is no cell phone that will ever produce this quality... Its all about lens size and I don't want a cell phone the size of my cannon.

First off, Verizon Wireless has superior coverage and a great network. I love the phone, battery life better then all the phones ive had in the past and ive had maybe 5 or 6 phones already.Has all the features like txt messaging,voice dialing,mobile web and can download ringtones,games, wallpapers etc. everything works really well. The only thing wrong with this phone is the camera isnt as great as other Motorola phones. i know a couple people with Motorola V400's and their camera is noticably better then the V265's camera, But other then that everything is great on this phone.

I bought the Motorola V265 phone with Verizon service in May on sale on Amazon for $99, with a $50 Verizon rebate and a $150 Amazon rebate. So this phone rates super good as far as cost is concerned (assuming the rebates come in OK, which is a big IF). 1 year contract, 450 minutes for $39.99/month.For comparison, my old phone was a Nokia 5165, with AT&T; Wireless (now Cingular) as the provider. I'm a low minutes user, but this is mostly because I got horrible reception at home.I live in Falmouth, MA. The region isn't well-covered by cell towers, and is moderately hilly with dense tree growth. Add to that, the fact that I live at the edge of a bay. So cell strength is a big deal for me. I spoke with co-workers and cell phone accessory retailers and most said that for the street I live on Verizon had the best coverage, although it still wasn't that great.==== Phone Minuses ====-It seems to have a short battery life, although I plan to test this with more rigor and see how it stacks up to the advertised specs.-The sound quality is a little tinny. The Nokia was more far-away and hollow sounding. The sound quality can't stand a candle to even a cheap corded land-line phone.-The camera is pretty awful, but I didn't expect much. Plus you have to pay extra to get your pictures from the phone to your computer.-The extendable antennae doesn't seem to add too much to the signal strength, and seems like it would break easily.-The volume and speakerphone buttons are in an inconvenient place on the side and they are always in the way of my thumb.-The buttons are too small and I'm a person with small hands, too! Other button configurations have seemed easier to use. I liked the raised rubber-ish buttons of my old Nokia better, and even some of the flat-ish buttons that rocked a little.-There's no protective cover for the camera lens.==== Phone Pluses ====-Lots of features to delve into, many I will probably rarely ever use but it's nice to know they're there.-I absolutely love the speakerphone feature.-A must-have feature for me is an external phone jack. A lot of phone models I looked at in stores, while they had the port for the external jack, the actual electronics weren't connected. Having this jack means that  I can go to an electronics store like Radio Shack and buy an external antenna (and the proper connecter) and get a better signal. So far, Verizon's signal is OK as compared with AT&T;/Cingular.-I like the external display; having the black & white contrast helps readability but like most screens I've tested doesn't do well in direct sunlight.==== Verizon Service Pluses (as compared to AT&T; Wireless/Cingular) ====-They seem to take more of an effort at making sure I'm satisfied. We'll see how long this lasts. I have my doubts.-I was able to port my existing phone number without hassle and the procedure took about a half-hour taling to a customer service person on the phone.-The signal strength at my house is much better. With AT&T; Wireless/Cingular, I could not make outgoing phone calls sitting on my living room couch. With Verizon, I can actually make calls, although the clarity is not great. Because of restrictive zoning laws here, most companies share towers, so I suspect the difference is a matter of one critically placed tower.==== Verizon Service Minuses ====- **** Verizon started charging me monthly fees BEFORE the phone arrived in the mail! ****Apparently, if you buy the phone through a third party like Amazon, they deem service to start at the date of purchase, rather than the date the phone is actually turned on, presumably because Verizon can't control the actions of the third party. I asked a Verizon customer service person nicely, and they agreed to prorate the bill for the difference between the date of purchase and the date of delivery. The refund did show up on the next bill.-The billing cycle for the monthly service charges is for the month ahead rather than the month just prior (as AT&T;/Cingular had done). This is likely to cause problems when I decide to end service (see below).==== FOR AT&T; WIRELESS/CINGULAR CUSTOMERS ====I have had tremendous problems on the AT&T;/Cingular end of the porting process.First, the customer service number (800-888-7600) that's on my bill keeps spitting me into the Cingular phone menu. To get around this, one customer service person said, at the prompt to enter your wireless number enter a dummy number (like 000-000-0000) to get into the AT&T; service area. There is one other hitch. Apparently the AT&T; phone menu dumps you into the GSM department. If you have digital service (like I did), you will need to find a way to get to a person in the Digital department (I never was able to do that using the phone menu options).***** Second, AT&T;/Cingular billed me for a full month's montly service charge even when I ended service in the middle of the billing cyle!!! *******I called several times, most times not even able to access a person who could deal with AT&T; accounts. So I did some web research.I found that in March 2004 AT&T; Wireless was sued in a class-action lawsuit for doing this very thing. In the lawsuit AT&T; Wireless was accused of violating the Federal Communications Act and imposing an "unjust and unreasonable" charge by assessing the full monthly charges after switching to another provider before the end of the billing month. Apparently, just recently (in May I think) AT&T; Wireless settled out of court. I think this would have been huge had it gone to trial.So, with this information at hand I managed to finally reach a customer service person who could handle AT&T; accounts. I asked nicely to have the bill prorated. She said no. I told her about the lawsuit, explained that I'd like AT&T; to do the right thing, and she finally relented. She later confided that making the change to have the bill prorated was up to the discression of the customer service rep (!!) so be nice and polite when you ask.On a side note about Verizon: people at my office have had problems with Verizon billing them multiple times for the same call, so be sure to check your statements.==== FOR EVERYBODY ====Depending on the terms of your agreement, you may be liable for a full month's service charge when you change services, even if you stop service a day after the new billing cycle begins. Keep this in mind when you port your old number.*** Be sure to read your service agreement with a fine-toothed comb. You will probably need to spend a couple hours to fully understand it and it will feel like you're back in school in a foreign-language class. BUT YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND THE CONTRACT. If you don't understand something, get a customer service person to help you. Just like with credit card companies, if it's in the contract, you gotta pay it. ***

I just love it, I have had a number of different phones on different carriers and have come to the conclusion that the Verizon Network is far superior and this phone is a good blend of strong features and good usability. The Amazon price is impossible to beat.

i had used a nokia for 1 year - nokia 6610. it is an amazing phone. but with t mobile. i wanted a better network so had to switch to verizon.if i compare this to nokia... its not even close.bad battery.. 2 hours of talk time, which is not what they claim. my nokia easily lasted more than 200 mins. and is charged within 1/2 an hour!! this takes more than 4 hours to charge, even my laptop charges faster. so i have to charge this phone everyday or maybe 2 times a day!the camera is horrible, the display resolution is sad and depressing, if u compare this phone with the latest samsungs which have an amazing crisp and clear colors, so u can have impressive wallpapers. this hardly looks like a color screen, in this digital world.on the positive side, i think its keypad is really soft and gr8! better thn nokia maybe. and when you open the phone it looks impressive! the reception is good. speaker phone is good as well. u can record ur conversation, which is cool as well. also very easy to use!but if u "have" to go for verizon, i think this is the best choice, as samsung/ LG are not as good as motorola when it comes to reliability. and i think nokia and motorola are definitely better brands and better phone companies than samsung and LG.

This phone is smaller and lighter than the more expensive v710. If you don't need bluetooth, a higher megapixel camera and video capability, then the v265 is the phone to get. Keep in mind that in order to e-mail the pictures you take with any camera phone, you will need to pay extra on your Verizon account for this service.  Verizon makes money on this but it doesn't mean you have to pay for this extra service if you don't want to use it.The Motorola v265 phone does what it's supposed to do and I agree that the Verizon network is the best in many areas of the USA. The analog capability of this phone is a real plus if you like to take road trips away from major metropolitan areas. You'll still have service where digital only phones and providers will be totally useless.Small and light, works well and priced right. In many ways, it's even superior to the much more expensive V710; it's smaller and some have even said the audio quality/reception is better with the v265. In fact, I can hardly believe how good the mic quality is. People I call can often not even tell that I'm on a cellphone! This is a huge improvment over my old cellphone and I'm a happy camper. A good value in my book.

About 4 months ago, I strolled into Verizon in hopes of trading up to a better phone.  I previously had a Motorola phone, which I was not completely happy with, but was convinced by the salesman that the V265 was the way to go.  After all, he proudly had one strapped to his belt, and spoke as highly of it as I do my daughter.Four months later, completely out of the blue, the screen has a pulsating flicker and would not turn on. No problem, I simply marched into the Verizon store.  I was given another V265.  A "refurbished" phone.  Great, someone else's used problem.  Interestingly enough, the salesman who sold me my phone was now sporting another non-Motorola phone on his side holster.  Clearly, he too must have experienced all that the V265 doesn't have to offer.After two days with my replacement phone, it too started experiencing problems with the display.  It simply would not turn on.  The genius technician at the Verizon store informed me that I had to "push" the back of the phone in order for it to work properly.  Forgive me, but I did not see this in the instruction manual on how to operate this phone.  This wasn't the type of help I was looking for after wasting my time at the Verizon store again.I think by this point, anyone would agree that this phone plainly sucks, and would be more comfortable with another brand altogether.  Unfortunately, this phone keeps coming back like Columbo, or a bad girlfriend.  I was told by Verizon's Customer Service that it is their policy to continue replacing customers with the same refurbished phones in hopes that one will work.  They do not allow you to switch phones unless you buy a different one at full price.  Thanks Verizon, I'll remember this when my contract expires....This phone is horrible.  The sound quality sucks, the color display sucks, the battery life sucks, and don't even get me started on how finicky this thing is to take a charge.  Need I say more?

This is a great little phone for the money. I originally had the same problem with viewing the screen in the daylight but resolved it by changing the background wallpaper to none and changing the color scheme so the background is now white. This makes the screen easy to read in all but direct sunlight. Turning my back to the sun is sufficient to see the screen well.

Ok, so this phone isn't perfect but I don't know many that are. I have to say that I've had great reception using this phone in most places, even very unexpected ones such as out in the middle of the woods. It's comfortable and the screen is great - when lit!And to be honest, I don't think I've had a dropped call - ok, maybe once - but otherwise it connects most of the time and I don't randomly lose folks as I did with an older Nokia.Buttons are tad bit small, and, in contrast to what I mention above - if the the screen is not lit you CANNOT read it. Bad design for sure.Battery life is pretty terrible, which is one of my biggest complaints for sure.
