
This phone seems to be more about design and look than it is about overall usability.While the phone is pretty compact it is too much so. Its easy enough to carry around but when I would go to use it is when I ran into trouble.First is it was a bit difficult to open. There wasn't enough of an edge to let my thumb open it up quickly.Second was the phones operating system. While I was able to get a bit used to it, it wasn't very intuitive and it would take me awhile to locate the correct button or menu.Part of the phones programing is an auto fill in feature when you are texting. It starts to guess the word you are trying to type as you are typing it. This was very counter productive and caused me to have way more errors than usual. I wasn't alone on this one, I have had friends that use the same phone and I get some of the weirdest text that make you go "huh?".Lastly was the keypad. Again, it's a very slim line phone but because of that the buttons are flush and near impossible to use to dial or text quickly.

The purchase went smooth and it was a great deal. My wife love her new phone!!!!

I purchased a Motorola Razr V3 cell phone through Amazon.com from Ace Photo and Digital. This was to replace the phone my wife received from Cingular Wireles that passed away after she took it swimming. Since a new phone costs $250 from Cingular, we opted to purchase an "unlocked" phone for $168 through Ace.The phone arrived promptly, but upon turning it on we found discovered there were phone numbers on it that were not ours. The phone, we suspected, was not new. Three hours after we started to use it, the screen went dead. So much for that!After two emails to Ace that went unanswered, I called their customer service line. Their service was great. No hassles from them. They emailed me a form to fill out and I sent the phone back ($7.50 in postage). We received a replacement phone about two weeks later. This one worked, but the battery compartment cover would not stay on. We were able to use the one from our old Cingular phone. Thank God we had it!I don't have a problem with Ace's service, but I do question the quality of their product. If these are refurbished phones, they don't reveal it. It's now been a week since the new phone arrived, and all is well so far. I'll just have my wife keep it away from the swimming pool and wait until my Cingular contract is up so I can get another NEW phone!

Don't buy from Ace Photo Digital. The sent me a non working phone and they didn't made the refund. The customer service is awfull and they lied to me.

I am exremly disappointed! The phone has already stopped working! I took it to AT&T; and they said it could not be fixed, so I had to buy another phone. Since this was my first experience buying from Amazon,do I have any recource?!......Lynne

I bought this phone for my parents visiting from India. They had the same model phone in the past and loved it (Worked great as a phone and thats all they cared about). When I saw the free  $20 Global SIM card offer, I thought it was a good deal.After I received the product, I tried to activate the SIM card over simactivations.com as per the instructions in the packaging. The second step of the activation asked me for a credit card albeit this SIM card was supposedly pre-loaded with $20 credit.I didn't want to do that since the calling rate from India to US was a ridiculous $3.95 cents / min(one of the highest rates, you can buy a local SIM card in India which can be as low as 50 cents/min).  I decided not to use this card because its purely an attempt to get you as a customer with credit card in file and start charging you on a monthly basis once the $20 credit runs out after a 5 minute call.If you really want to keep the same phone number across all the countries you travel and don't mind paying a higher calling rate for that convinience, it may not be a bad deal.Buyer beware. This free card offer is as a good as nothing for most travellers. I threw it out without using it.

The phone is very nice, I love the number pad although it takes some getting used to, nice size area for the number.  Clear voices, easy to use and slim to slip in a pocket or bag.  I love the color......ps to those complaining about the color.  Online colors aren't always correct, you need to research in person sometimes it's your PC's personal color scheme as well.  Try it you'll like it.

I oredered this phone from amazon because my other razor went kaput and AT & T no longersells the razor.  Since I was so familiar with this product I wanted another one and foundit on Amazon.  What I didn't realize was that, although the product was "new" and packagedas such, it was an old model of the razor and even less capable than the one I was replacing.Many of the short cut features of my old phone are not on this one and I find myself constantlyfrustrated that I have to do extra steps for the same result.  For instance the texting requiresa couple extra steps as does the ability to find numbers in the address book.  I can hardlywait to get an Iphone.  Forget it...move on into the new era of product!

I received the telefeono and this  blocked and is not what he said the description of it. I bought an unlocked phone. this is a deception of the store. This generates an additional cost , as I have to pay to unlock it, please, do not mislead buyers by placing  false references in this phone.Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, Video...

I purchased a Motorola RAZR V3 unlocked phone with camera as a graduation gift for my daughter. The satin pink color.  The phone I received is two toned with an AT & T logo attached.  I was extremely disappointed, it was as if the seller had spare parts and put together this phone. I would not purchase from this seller again.

I had this phone for a while,I like it a lot. Easy to carry and is beautiful for a girl like me! I love Pink!

Razr has been a good phone for us - this one is for my wife, it's her second RAZR, her first lasted 3.5 years, which is a long life for a celphone. She liked it so much she just wanted another one. Vibe Cellular was good too - they originally sent us the wrong color, but I think it was an honest mistake (sent the fuschia pink instead of the satin pink). I contacted them and sent the phone back, and had the new one a few days later. They threw in a leather case for our inconvenience, which was nice. Overall a good response for a simple problem; I think they handled it right. Phone has been great so far, no problems to report...

This is my fifth Razr V3. I use them both in Europe and the States regularly in addition to travelling in Asia and Australia. The last one got intentionally trashed after I left it in a restaurant. The one before that went through a washing machine.  Otherwise life and good performance is two or more years. This one was supposed to be an international version but it is an AT&T phone. The phone works very well, as expected.

ABOUT 1 MONTH AGO I BOUTHG A V3 RAZOR AND I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS ITEM IS VERY GOOD PHONE

I am extremely annoying and nuisance with the I articulate that they sent me. This cellular telephone is used and this damaged one. I need a prompt answer for solutions this problem and all the inconveniences that have caused me.Thank you!

This product never worked. I could not even talk on the phone-- the person on the other line came through very tinny, over so much static we could not make out what each other was saying. I tried several times. I should have returned it but ended up losing the box and sticking the phone in a drawer. I've had motorola phones I have liked, but this one was not even functional. Also the battery did not last even a respectable length of time.

It was charged after receiving, but that was it.  Couldn't get it to work.  Brought it over to T-Mobile.  Technicians tested and rechecked.  Keys were found to be stuck or frozen.  That is a shame.  The unit is quite attractive, but light weight.  Feels like a tin can.  I feel that even if it worked, wouldn't last maybe after a few use.

I purchased this product and had high expectations. I was extremely disappointed. The phone that I recieved did not have a data device (allows downloads, view websites, and etc.) installed on it. For $60.00 i expect the phone to be able do the simplest function like downloading. NOT HAPPY! and returned asap! So buyer beware people.

The phone that I got did not alow me to use the internet, download web items, etc. set up on it. For this price, you would just assume that it had a software application for this. These days,  it is, or should be a given that a phone in that price range would have this basic functionality.  Not recommended.

I purchased this item for my teenage daughter. Delivery was prompt, phone is in good shape..very good looking phone..and trust me that is ALL!!! It wouldnt take the sim card..and then all of a sudden it started working...camera wont work, cannot send text or receive them...battery is pathetic...it does not hold a charge..charge it overnight and get one minute of talk time...I am very dissappointed actually I had to buy another phone in its place..and the company would not replace it or reimburse my money  (around $69.99 , w/o tax& shipping)

The battery life on this phone is about 1 day if you do NOT use it and about 15 minutes if you do.  I've lost a few calls and I have to continuously charge it to be able to get a call in.  I realize I purchased without warranty, realizing this is an older phone, but would not recommend anyone buying them.  I ended up moving my SIM card to another phone altogether.  I love the look and feel of the RAZR, but the value should lie in whether it works well or not, and it doesn't.  I'm sorry I bought it.

I had washed my previous phone it was in the washer for a day before I found it. I still had a year before I could get a new phone from AT&T. They told me I could buy any phone I wanted on the  Internet and just put my sim card in and go. I found my exact same phone. I'm thrilled.

This item stated it came with a head set, etc.  They were not included.  The phone was a nightmare from the start. After getting the battery and sim up and running, I began to use it.  In the middle of each and every call I made or received, the phone, without warning would begin to dial another number in my address book or my voice mail.  This was always during a conversation. The other party on the phone could hear what was happening.  I lasted with it less than a week and am now looking for a way to get a refund.  Not sure if I can since it's unlocked and came with no warranted.  clearly it was a lemon.  Be careful with these phones.Joanne

Once again it is a RAZR but what woman can't pass up a Satin Pink phone? Well certainly not my better half. She uses this phone for work and it handles just like all RAZRs. It is prone to the occasional loss of power and is sensitive to drops and falls, but otherwise a dependable phone for her everyday needs.

I love this phone and the fact that I can change the SIM card.  It works great!

I like the raZR phones by Motorola because of their sleek design. This phone works well but I gave it 4 stars out of 5 because 1. the description said satin pink color the phone is hot pink (luckily it matched up with my favourite tank top) and 2. There is not much to do on it, no calculator or calender - it's sorta boring. BUT I love it! I love it! for its design.

This phone is very good...!!! l like it a lot working well nice color light weight and easy to carry.

I thought it would be just like the orignial, but it nothing like that at all. So I am not sure if I am happy with it or not.

I bought this for a friend and as far as I could see the battery was new however when it said it was fully charged it would only last a couple of hours.

The phone should come in with satin pink color for the cover.  However, this phone has 4 different pink tones for different cover panels and the tone differences are so obvious.  This made me feel that this is a phone which did not pass quality control from the original factory.  The battery and charger are terrible. The original charger had 2 round legs for probably an Asian outlet and it came with a crooked adapter to convert it for the US outlet.  In addition, the battery is constantly drained, if the receiving signal was not strong enough (compared to my Sony phone using the same SIM card).  I have to recharge the unit every night even when the battery indicator is full  --- since you never know when this thing will drained suddently.  The cord for the ear phone is too short --- when I use it in my car, I have to put the phone on my lap.  The ear phone quality is really bad and its operation is not as straight forward (handled by a single hand) as the Sony phone.  Plus, the line is so easy to fall out of the phone to cut off the conversation.  I no longer feel comfortable to use the ear  phone while I am driving.  This phone does not come with a manufacture warrantee, strange!  Unfortunately, I did not have time to deal with all the problems in a timing manor after I received this phone.  Otherwise, I would have returned it.The only good feature is the camera.

Back light does not work very worn looking. Keyes do not work. Really regret buying this phone. I use to own one like this and my old one was a lot better

I bought this product as Unlocked, and found it is giving Cingular logo while booting also the Battary cover has AT&T; on it. the Battary cover has a darker color tone than the phone, the transparent plastic covering the phone for protection was dusty and look old as if it was in demo or on shelf exposed to dust for long time.I tried the Phone and it worked fine, specialy the battary as I was tricked before with a bad battary.so after I removed the plastics, , else than the collor tone difference, the phone works realy good

I love my pink razr. Its not going to have all the bells and whistles of a blackberry but it gets the job done. What i like the most is how durable it is. I have dropped this phone many times and it keeps on going.

This was clearly refurbished.  The pink plates didn't even match and some of them were worn and dirty looking.  It's also set with Cingular backgrounds and logos, I have T-Mobile.  Didn't like that either.  If they sell something for 100.00 and say it's new, it should be new!

i loved it but it was in chinese and i had a hard time switching it over to english, it stopped working after a year

Thank you Amazon.  You were back ordered when I purchased this, the phone shipped long before you told me it would.  My wife loves it.

I purchased the Pink Satin Razr v3 back in August `06.  I upgraded from a Nokia 3595 to this lovely little piece of technology.  This was a careful buy as I read every possible kind of feedback on the Motorola Razr from many different sites.  At best, the reviews were mixed from other users/critics.  But for me, this phone is working out great.  I'm going to touch on a few points (negative and positive) about this phone.What Amazon doesn't add in their product information is that this was something manufactured overseas for use in Europe and China by the looks of it.  What tells me this? The charger that was manufactured for non-american voltage as well as the advertisement slips and instruction booklets in the product's box that are in both english and chinese characters.  I immediately went into panic mode when I saw the charger's plug but, noticed the little white US adapter which is nothing more then a piece you hook onto the prongs that have the correct voltage plug to fit into your outlet at home.And what I haven't been able to note in any reviews for this phone is that if you're buying this unlocked like I did, the only compatible providers are T-Mobile and Cingular since they use SIM cards with the GSM network.  I'm sure there are others internationally but, these are the only american providers I know of.  As for the SIM card in your current phone, just slide it out and slip it into your new phone.  Just make sure to copy your phonebook to your SIM card before doing so.  You may have to tweak the network settings to make sure they are compatible and functioning correctly.  Your mobile phone provider should appear on the screen once you've finished.The cons with this phone:-When porting your phonebook over from another phone, the Razr breaks down each number into an individual entry.  So even though you may have had 3 phone numbers for your husband or Mom in one efficient entry, this phone's does not have that organizational feature.  On the flip side of this, you can put the specific icon next to the entry in the phonebook like the little mobile phone, house, office, etc.-It's easy to get the large screen and flat keypad greasy from the oils in your skin. I find that it's enough just to wipe it off with the corner of your shirt gently should it get cruddy.-The flat keypad could be annoying for people with thick, large fingers.  I personally have no trouble with this.-No MP3 player.  Or any other fancy bells and whistles for that matter.  Honestly, I don't think this is bad since you can buy a nice MP3 player from Apple or one of the other manufacturers that have decent space for thousands of songs rather then what you are limited to with a cell phone.  I'm not a big fan of "all in one" gadgets since it tends to degrade quality.Pros:-It's quite aesthetically pleasing and sleek, no matter what color you purchase.-The camera.  It's not a fantastic camera, so if you're a photographer by trade you will know it is awful by professional, digital standards.  But if you're like me, you just use it to take impromptu silly snapshots of friends, things, pets, etc.-Volume.  Seriously, I do not know how people find issues with the audio.  My hearing is rather questionable but, I can hear my callers unless their provider's coverage is less then great.  Any calls made from a normal phone are also sharp and clearly audible.  And the Ringing Volume is a lot louder then my Nokia ever was so I'm satisfied.  You have to bear in mind that a provider's area of coverage (or lack there of) will effect your phone call and how well you can hear.  It's not always the mobile phone.  I think people make the mistake of where they put the receiver of this phone since it is very small.  And if you don't have it in the right spot at your ear, you will hardly hear a word.-Price.  The unlocked models have become reasonably priced. So if you have wanted one of these, now is the time to buy one.-Bluetooth Technology.  End of story.On a side note, I just purchased the H500 bluetooth head set in magenta since it seems close enough to the shade for me.

It came okay but it's not all the same color. I love pink and I don't care much about the shades,actually I'm lazy, that's why I did not returned it.

I wanted a T-Mobile comparable phone for one that broke but they sent me a ATT one..I will have tom make do.

I love razor phones, this is my 7th razor. but this one has no signal, i spend more time chasing a signal, where my other razors got a great signal. on this one, my 9 button sticks. so i spend alot of time going back to fix my words while im texting. but i will buy another razor. 6 good ones out of 7 aint bad.

The front and back color didn't match,  Looked like a cheaply made phone. I dont think I got the same phone that was shown, I payed way to much.ppl or giving these phones away. Dont recommend this seller or phone

I am frantically buying up replacement batteries from other vendors to try to get them before our vacation.  Grrrrr!!!  I just hope they work some better.  Not the bargain it appears!  Buyer beware.

I like the phone and aside from the battery not working and having to purchase another one.  The only thing that i found wrong was the color.  I ordered a satan pink phone and they sent me a hot pink phone.  I guess you get what you pay for isnt that the old saying

I bought this phone for my partner, whose old RAZR had just died.  On the surface, it's a very similar phone, but it has some notable quirks that make it frustrating to use.  The language settings, which are very easy to select, don't seem to fully apply to the predictive text dictionary.  Certain common words have to be typed in every time, and the phone usually suggests a non-English substitute.  Additionally, the clock doesn't seem to automatically update when you cross timezones, which is a bummer.  That might be a setting issue, but if it is, she couldn't find the menu.Overall, I think we'll be back in the cell-phone market within months of this purchase.  It'll get you through, but this phone is pretty irritating.

We bought a motorola phone razer v3 Was not happy with it. So we recieved a call from corderinstant they are going to send us a new phone in replace of the one recieved. We are very happy they are going to replace it,and they were very nice and helpful Thank you very much

I wouldn't recommend this phone to anybody.  It was throwed in the trash after having it a month.  Bad choice.

I like the product that I purchased, and I am very satisfied with the delivery time and the customer service. Thank you Amazon.com

The phone is great, but it is not compatible with sprint. Very upset that it was listed under sprint phones and I wasted money on it. The phone was brand new, but my niece took off all the plastic so I can not return it :(

We purchased A motorola V3 gsm Razor phone for or trip to Turkey and Greece. The phone did not work in Turkey but it did in Greece, so I believe it was the service and not the phone. My complaint is the camera. After documenting our trip with the camera, we now find we unable to down load the pictures without purchasing,at additional cost, software and USB cable from Motorola. Ridiculous!

We initally purchased this phone understanding it had no warrenty but when we started having problems with the phone, a phone call was all it took. They were eager to please us and cheerfully replaced the phone even tho they were under no legal responsibility to do so. I will continue to do buisiness with Zena Mobile!

Well I liked the phone but it wont keep a charge so I to spend another [...] bucks to order a battery on line. I don't know if the battery I ordered is any good.  I think its some kind of conspiricy to get more money out your pocket I guess times are really hard. Other than that the phone really worked great.

This just wat I was looking for. I brought it for a friend in Jamaica. I will by another one soon. and I know where to get the one I want.

This is it of cell phones.  Easy to use and a Great Phone.

the order took so long to get here that in route someone opened the back side took out the phone then taped it up.. so i got a empty box inside a box so much for tracking

The first one they sent to me had problem with the screen. The second one was working fine until last week. The battery doesn't work anymore. Its only been about 6 months since I bought it. When it worked, it did it's job.

I didn't really want to write a review for this, because I hate saying anything negative, ever, but I believe other consumers should be informed when deciding on a purchase.The phone is cute, I'll give you that much, but other than that, it has been nothing but a headache from the moment I received it. I purchased it from Amazon, not an independent seller, and it was listed as 'new' and 'unlocked'. It was, in reality, neither of those things. It took me forever to track down the subsidy password from AT&T;, just to unlock the phone. Then, there were all kinds of settings from the previous owner, so I knew it wasn't 'new'. Also, the battery would die after 6 hours, even with the power off. Replacing the battery only added two more hours to the charge.I contacted Amazon about the issues, of course. They couldn't send a replacement because they said it was out of stock, and I couldn't return for a full refund, because I had brought the phone with me to Germany, and didn't have the original packing, and the charger had been lost when my an outside pocket on my luggage ripped. I had to settle for a crummy $16 refund for choosing to keep the phone (I had no other option). So, I'm out $60 and I have a phone that is useless.I would highly suggest to anyone considering this phone to think long and hard about whether the problems are worth it with. To me, they aren't.

bought this product in October AND ALREADY IT IS GIVING PROBLEMS THE SCREEN IS BLANKING OF AND IT DOES NOT HAVE WARRANTY ,WHATS EVEN MORE BAD I GAVE SOMEONE AS A BIRTHDAY GIFT.

Even though the phone is functioning normally, the phone has scratches and one of the side button on the hinges was not there.  The phone does not have any new phone look.The Amazon website should have mentioned the fact in their webpage, if it is a used one or a remanufactured one so that the buyer would have an idea in advance.  I have purchased this phone from Amazon (though we had local sellers of the same phone where we could have bought the phone with 100% satisfaction) just because I had very good past experience with Amazon and almost all the purchases we make through Amazon.I did not have time to return it as I gifted that to my sister hence I advise other users to check it atleast once after you receive the item.

I am so happy with the phone I just purchased! I put my sim card it and it was ready to go, no glitches and no problems! I don't use my phone for internet access, just phone calls and texts so it fits my wants wonderfully!It is stylish, love the satin pink color! It is easy to operate and just what I wanted! I would buy a phone from Amazon again! Consider me another satisfied customer!

I ordered my phone for a FANTASTIC price, it wa shipped within a few days, I had a tracking number and it arrives before its scheduled time. When I recieved th phone it was exactly how they said it would look and I was VERY HAPPY!! THANK YOU!

I was excited when opening the box but only to find out the battery enclosed is of the wrong type for the cell.It simply does not fit. With quality control like this, I will think twice before buying anything from this vendor.

The phone meets the needs of a phone caller. Would have liked a few more choices for a ring-tone, but am okay with what is provided. The price was right. Really appreciate the manufacturer respecting the customer enough to provide voice volume control!

This is a great deal.  I will be in Europe this summer and will pack this along with me.  You can pick up a Sim Card and load it with as little as 10 Euros a time.  This will give me a phone capability as I travel and I won't have to depend upon finding a pay phone to call friends and family as I travel.  I just hope other guys who see me using a "pink phone" won't get the idea I'm "that way"!!

This phone, although 10 years old at this point, is still a great phone, it was light-years ahead of itself.I still use it as my international phone when I travel to Israel. I put an Israeli SIM card in it and it works great. Its amazing how long these old phone batteries really lasted for. I can go 5 days easily on this phone without needing to charge it, even with normal usage.I didn't like that it was hot pink, but at $50 this phone was cheaper than any other Amazon offered, so I just got a case and covered up the pink.Definitely worth the money if you need an international phone while on vacation

Works as good as a new one, my Wife is happy with it. She had her first V3i for 7 years before it malfunctioned.

ok, i purchased this razor for my wife after i received my own razor, just in a different color. she loves it!! it is easy to set up and use! it seems pretty durable since, as i said it's my wife's, and she's hell on phones!! i personally dropped my own in  water and after drying it out overnight, it still works great! i would recommend a razor cell phone for those people who don't really use all of the other bells and whistles the newer phones come with! my mother in law went to the cell phone store to get a new phone, and she is in WAY over her head b/c they no longer offer 'easy' cell phones when you upgrade or extend your contract. this one has a camera, which i use almost daily, web and blue tooth and texting abilities, so those of you between the ages of 35-135 years old, this phone would be for you!! i certainly recommend

When my old AT&T phone broke, I did not want to extended the AT&T contract. So I purchased my 1st unlocked phone, and it was very easy to use on the current AT&T rate plan. When your new in the box phone arrives, all you do is save your phone numbers to the SIM card in the old phone, remove the SIM card from the old phone, insert the SIM card into the new phone, power on the new phone, and it works on your current AT&T rate plan with your old phone number. This phone is great for every normal cell phone function, but is lacking on the ability to save other information in a notes type file for non phone functions. Go online to the Motorola Web Site and download the complete user manual for how to use all phone features. Final analysis when used as a cell phone 5 stars, when used as an advanced mobile information device 3 stars.

Very good phone if you need one that does not require you sign up for a data plan with your provider.  This is the 4th RAZR we've had in our family.  2 have died due to no fault of there own.  Not much else to say that hasn't already been said.

It's a OK unlocked phone for me with good signal and battery standby time. I lost my phone before my contract term is full. I had AT & T and was worried if this phone would work. It turns out the phone works with my sim card. The speak phone is not that good but ha, for the price (I got it around $ 50-60) it is a worthy, functional phone. Only thing I'm concerned now is if this phone can last for a while as one of the reviews complained the phone died after 1 month.

I bought the phone (used), said the phone was in good condition, which was unlocked, but it never worked when I put my SIM always came out on the screen, insert SIM, not recommend this phone used!

Received phone, inserted working 3g SIM. Got unregistered SIM error, check SIM. Phone is available for emergency calls only. In process of RMAing the damn thing!Once burned, now reluctant to try this route for replacement phone. (Wife will need to learn to not drop phone in toilet!) Back to using $29 no contract phone for near future.

it  is  a nice  looking  phone  but  to be  clear  it is  not  the  best  phone  you  can get  if  you  are  planing  to travel cross  seas  because  it  has  some  diffeculties  but  it  it  fair  for  the  price  so thanks.

I just got the phone today. I was skeptical the whole time after reading all of the reviews on here. I love the phone. The color is a little different than what is shown but hey I love pink and it's pink. It came brand new with everything still wrapped up and with the screen and keypad protectors all over it. Easy to install everything and very simple. The camera is alright and the texting is a little slow but it's a great phone for what I'm going to use it for. I think it's adorable and I'm happy with it. I will not be returning it. Not as of today...I guess we'll see how it goes in the next 30 days. =]

I really hate this phone. For the simple fact that the battery has to be recharged every night. For the money I spent on this thing, the battery should be a whole lot better than what it is. I did not buy my phone for this seller so I don't know about the quality of his stuff (By the looks of it, not very good either). I bought mine at a Verison store (brand new). IMHO, this phone sucks! That's just my 2 cents. Should have read the reviews on this phone before I bought it. BUYER BEWARE!!

Bought to use in Argentina on trip.  Worked fine though air time was expensive and difficult to add to phone as all prompts in Spanish and talked VERY fast.  Now using with an AT&T "GO" phone sim card and costs about $0.10 a minute (rounds up to next minute so always more than 10 cents per minute per call.  Has better reception and bigger screen than my tracfone and can be used anywhere as long as you have the right sim card

Received it.  My daughter was going to France.  It worked when it first arrived but it never took a charge.  Don't know if the problem is phone or charger.  Had to simply toss it in the trash - no warranty no recourse.

I bought this phone because I always liked the RAZR, and the phone was cute and cheap.  What a mistake!  The phone does not hold a charge.  I talked on the phone for a little over one hour and sent a few text messages, and the battery died!  It doesn't even last one whole day.  Also, the phone shut off for no reason.  I also could not check my email; I kept getting error messages.  The phone was an AT&T phone, and even after I configured it for my carrier, it still didn't work right.  I suspect this may have been a refurbished phone, even though it was advertised as "new".  I think these phones are hit or miss.  Let the buyer beware!

Very disappointed!  I ordered this phone for my Mom as a Christmas present.  I decided a few days ago to actually charge it and make sure it was okay so it would be ready for use on Christmas Day and to my surprise the back panel that covers the battery compartment was not only a different shade of pink but it also does not fit flush with the rest of the phone, almost as though it were for a different model.  So my question is Did I really get a new phone?  Apart from that if I return it I can only get a refund as the item is out of stock.  With Christmas a few weeks away I am really disappointed that this is the case and quite frankly don't know what to do now because ordering a different phone might be too risky in terms of the timeframe for delivery.  I think, as a good customer the least Amazon should do is find the right part and send it to me free of charge so my Mom can have a great surprise this Christmas.

I gave the phone as a xmas gift. It worked briefly and then would not take a charge or even turn on. I contacted customer service and was directed to OEM the company that supplied the product. I have gotten nothing but the run around from both amazon and OEM. $70 for junk...

I've purchased two of these phones over the years. It's been several years since I bought this one for my daughter. Personally I prefer the clamshell type of phone, but my daughter has moved on to the smartphones. Anyway, at the time these were first put out, they were amazing phones. Very sleek, very useful, tons of features. The only really annoying trait of all of the Moto Razr phones is that the glass is horribly thin and flimsy, and is very easy to break (both inner and outer glass). Good luck finding replacement glass for it - and when you do, expect to pay $15 bucks for it. When you replace the glass, if you don't position it just right, it's easy to break again, because it will be possible to put too much pressure on it. It's not possible to remove it and reposition it, because the glue is so sticky and the glass so thin, that you'll break it just getting it off again.These days you can buy a flip phone with more features for $30 bucks. Yes, I still prefer flip phones. They call them &#34;throw back&#34; phones now. Funny, I just call them a good buy :) But not this one, not any more. Skip this and get something newer.

I was so excited to get my new Satin Pink RAZR V3...only to be let down.  This phone wasn't even close to the color shown here.  Doing some looking around and my phone looked more like the Mauve colored RAZR.  Plus it's put together very shotty!  Looks like a cheap knock off!  Also, I couldn't hear anyone I talked to...they could hear me, but I couldn't hear them.  This phone also came to me, not from AMAZON, but from a company called ACE DIGITAL.  I phoned them tell them about my problem...they said they are going to reimburse me everything I paid for the phone, including the shipping and handling charge, once they receive it back...I'll keep you posted on how that goes.  I'm hesitant to buy another phone here...I'm afraid I'll be out money again, that I'd be waiting to get reimbursed.

Best damn phone I've ever owned or used!! . . if what you want most from a cell phone, is to primarily make and receive telepphone calls, then THIS is the phone for you!!  It has a durable and tough exterior, and won't break or fall apart if you accidentally drop it, or you want to carry it in your pocket, without a special case or protective cover.  The audio quality, for both the sender and the receiver of a phone call, is unsurpassed !! . . honestly, it's the BEST I've ever experienced!  It's very thin, sleek and compact . . and easily carried in a pocket!  Almost too good to be true! . . Motorolla definitely had a "Winner" with this one; probably why they quit making it (?) - kind of like the Volkswagon (or Microsoft?), it was working too good, and lasting too long ! . . so, people didn't need to buy as many, and the company was not making enough profits !??! :) . . makes me want to buy-up a bunch of them, and "save" them for future use . . but, alas, I'm sure they will change the "operating system" on cell phones, or change the size of SIMM cards, sometime very soon (?) - just to make us all have to buy new, "better" versions !??!  Give this one a try!  You will NOT be disappointed !!  A GREAT value, for the price . . . in fact, I'd even be willing to pay a little MORE, to get one, if I HAD to! . . and, I don't say THAT, very often! :)
