
I received this phone December 25th 2008 by April 2009 it was already defective the detent was just about gone. Verizon had me trade in my new phone for a reburbished phone. This is nothing at all like a Palm Treo device. This is not a true touch screen.The response from this phone is only slightly better than the original phone I purchased. It lags badly whenever something is going on like just dialing a phone number manually.What really frosts me is the fact the sales associate says there were improvements in the works. This phone was released to the public way before the bugs were fixed in an effort to keep up with AT&Ts; I-Phone at least in my experience and opinion.It has very Impressive features but if you don't intend to use Navigation, Email, or all of the bells and whistles.Don't Buy this phone just yet, and if you do, exercise your right to return it. If you do have a problem or aren't quite satisfied you will be stuck with it if you let the window close on Verizons return policy.I am told the new software update fixes many of the existing bugs prior to June 1st 2009. The Jury is not in yet.

Worst ever!!!!!! I stood in line until 10pm waiting to get this phone when it first came out. I've had it now for a couple months and it's frustrating I'm seriously considering leaving Verizon for putting out something this. Their commercials are totally deceiving. It freezez constantly,shuts itself off garbage please trust me on this do not waste your money.

A few points to start with.....I'm a long time (9 years) Blackberry user, and I kind of understand the way they do things.  Its not perfect, but the software is mature, and the approach is reliableI'm a business guy, and reliability and consistency are the most important things to me.  I rely on the phone and email constantly.  Cameras, MP3 players, web browsers are all nice extras, but those are secondary features.  If the camera never worked, I wouldn't care.I'm also very very satisfied with Verizon wireless, and their service has never let me down.  I've always had a Verizon phone, as well as a Blackberry device (which also tended to included a GSM phone on either Cingular and lately AT&T; for the past 5 years or so), which I used internationally as I travel pretty heavily.  AT&T; has been very very unreliable in the US, which is why I always have made sure to have Verizon, as it is been totally reliable for myself and my large family.  The Storm is a "World Phone" and includes a GSM transceiver and SIM card.I made a horrible mistake recently of trying to make an LG Dare work as an adult phone and email device, and after 5 months of banging my head against the wall, with its terrible reliability, awful screen handling, and non existent email capabilities, I finally surrendered and went and bought a Storm.On the StormI waited until now to get the Storm, so I have the benefit of all the bug fixes of the past month.  One reason that I decided to go back to Blackberry was that RIM actively maintains and updates their software.  The LG Dare experience was awful, with only 1 (and a weak one at that) software update since its initial release 7 months ago.  The RIM and Blackberry experience are not the same as an iPhone (which I probably would have bought if it was on Verizon, but AT&T; has just let me down too many times)I think its important to understand that if you are a Blackberry user, and understand what their whole thing is about, the Storm will feel comfortable to you.  If you are expecting a trendy cool iPhone gadget to show your friends and watch youtube videos on all day, you might want to look somewhere else.The hardware is typical RIM quality.  It is heavy and built like a tank.  The buttons are familiar BBerry buttons.  The whole chassis is clearly made to take abuse.  The touchscreen has an interesting "push/click" thing going on, that makes it pretty easy to use the interface.  The LG Dare and iPhone have a less definitive touch screen, although the Dare gives nice feedback when you hit keys.  But with the Storm I find it much easier to navigate and select, with less "false" selections.  You navigate, then click.  There are still some "false" selections, but very very few.The phone call quality is very very good.  Probably the best I've ever had with a RIM device.  My most recent BBerry was a Curve through AT&T; which had awful call quality in the US, but was decent everywhere else the world.  The Storm is very good, which is what I expect from Verizon.Email is of course RIMs main franchise, and as usual, it is terrific.  Its just state of the art, amongst the best that there is.  It uses the usual Blackberry software hierarchy and menus, so if you understand them, and find them useful, the Storm will be good for you.  Navigation will take some getting used to, because the touchscreen eliminates/consolidates things like the wheel or small joystick that past BBerrys have used.  But the new approach makes sense after a while.As far as configurability, the Storm is terrific.  You can set the hard buttons to do all sorts of things, change the screen functions, and reorganize the phone to your liking (something which the Dare did not allow).I would give the browser a 8/10, as either it has a mind of its own, or I haven't mastered it yet. It has some automated magnification functions that work well, until they make the web page unusable.  It might be operator error on my part.I haven't really used the Camera yet, although my kids say its nice.  But I already have a camera, and have never been much of a cell phone camera user.I am a huge music lover though, and so far the MP3 player seems useful, it can be set up as a normal USB type flash memory device so you can simply copy your songs onto it.  One unfortunate thing about it is that RIM has for some insane reason selected Roxio to provide a media manager (along with the atrocious Rhapsody/Real DRM and adware infested disaster that Verizon has been swindled by).  The choice of Rhapsody/Real or Roxio is like choosing between sawing off your own head with rusty chainsaw or doing rootcanal on yourself with a jackhammer....  just an awful choice of 2 adware infested, computer destroying pieces of software.  Not good.  I'm still experimenting with other media players to sync up music.All in all, the Storm works for me as of now.  I'll try to update this as I learn more about the Storm.  But from what I can tell, it is as good a piece of hardware as RIM has ever made.  And if you are looking for a decent device for a few years, its really a decent choice, as RIM completely understands how to maintain software and fix bugs.  It seems that only Apple, RIM and the Windows Mobile devices will stand a chance as being long term platforms that you can rely on.  All other "smartphones" don't seem to be built by companies with attention spans longer than 10 minutes.UPDATE:  April 23 2009Been living with the Storm now for several months.  There are some observations worth adding to the initial impressions I had above.Overall, the Storm is a vintage Blackberry, with typical navigation, menus, selections, and features that Blackberry users will understand.  Even though it is a touchscreen, it still feels like home, after having Blackberry devices for the past 10 years.Call quality continues to amaze me.  The radio is absolutely tenacious....  it will hold a signal longer and better than most phones I have ever owned.  Dropped calls are very very rare, even in sketchy areas...  we are skiers and spend plenty of time in mountainous regions, and it even holds onto calls in those terrains.Touchscreen operations are an acquired taste.  I have gotten the hang of it and have really begun to enjoy the flexibility.  This is the same for any touchscreen device, phone or otherwise.  The touch and click approach has turned out to be extremely useful, and it prevents false selections.  I never find that the phone called someone when I put it into my pocket.  This is a nice feature, and I wonder why anyone would complain about it.Email is absolutely stellar.  I have several accounts running on it.  The method of aggregation of all communications is great.  Nothing else need be said.  Blackberry IS mobile email.  There is no better.Media operations are simply excellent.  I have abandoned my faithful Sansa MP3 player in favor of the Storm.  It is an excellent music player, bar none.  Music players are a commodity, the functionality is well understood and pretty simple, and the Storm is just fine in this respect.  Videos look terrific too, although I don't use it for video that much because of my middle age eyes...Bluetooth functions well, even in my brain damaged Acura (which thinks its good, but is very very not good).  Sound quality via bluetooth is quite good.The major area of complaints about the storm, revolve around navigation and strangeness associated with touchscreen operations and navigation.  While RIM has released many updates for the Storm, Verizon has failed (miserably I might add) to release ANY updates to the Storm since it was released by Verizon.  Now, I love Verizon wireless, and they are extremely reliable, however, they are SO SLOW with software updates on their phones, it has become downright ridiculous.I understand that they have a HUGE customer base, and a tiny bug that may affect a tiny percentage of their customers could flood support lines and stores.  But its been 5 months, and nary a peep from VZW about Storm bug fixes.  The screen does crash, and the motion sensor does get confused.  But this has been addressed in numerous updates that other wireless carriers have distributed.I did indeed install another carriers RIM OS on my Storm, which has GREATLY improved navigation and screen problems.  I just wish VZW would get it together.All in all, I have really come to rely on the Storm.  And once I updated the software, nearly ALL the screen problems went away.Its important to note, that the Blackberry Storm (like nearly ALL Blackberrys) are complex devices and not fashion phones, or toys.  For folks looking for a device to help them conduct life and business, it is a great device.  For those thinking it is a fun toy for watching youtube, and doing all sorts of trendy webby kind of things, the Storm may not be for you.

I just spent ten minutes trying out this phone at a Verizon store - only needed two to discover that this is a very pale imitation of the Iphone. Touch screen needs lots of pressure, response time is slow, screen options not intuitive. More importantly, I was informed by an employee that the "perfected" software is not yet available, and that might be the reason I wasn't wowed by it. He suggested I'd be better off to wait a few months to purchase it!! However, if you do decide you want one now, their starting price is $199 with a $50 rebate. I realize you must use Verizon service for this price. But it's a little hard to believe that Amazon says the retail price is $499 and they're selling it for $199.  Do they really think we believe this? I've been a longtime customer of Amazon, but starting to become very skeptical of their current pitches.

I've had the Blackberry Storm for just about 2 weeks now.  Yes, at first it took some getting used to - but that goes for any newly owned product.Going into my 2nd week now with the Storm, I'm finding it easier and easier.  Many of the problems and issues other reviewers have posted, well OK, may "have been" true, but if you know the right fixes - the Storm is terrific.For a message board/forum for the Storm, do a Google Search for "Howard Forums Blackberry Storm".  It's the best thing I've done since having this phone.  Besides being able to ask a question, there are several posts already there that explain and give a how-to on so many aspects of the Storm.  There is a section called Tips & Tricks.Hopefully, others will change their review after making the proper adjustments and settings in the phone options.  For one, my battery life is much longer since I made some adjustments.My only problem with the Storm now is that I don't want to stay off it.  Way too many uses (but I guess that is really a good thing).I gave only 4 stars (for now) as I haven't utilized everything yet (still in the learning phase).

I knew this was going to happen. Research In Motion (the makers of the BlackBerry series of smart phones) finally made a product that didn't live up to my expectations.I'll tell you more in detail below, but first a bit of history: At my 9-to-5 job it is one of my roles to manage a BlackBerry server and 50-odd BlackBerry phones, so I've used every model of BlackBerry available in the US for the most part in some capacity or another.Currently, I have a Verizon BlackBerry Curve at the office. My current home cell phone is an iPhone 3G. I asked our corporate Verizon representative to send me a demo of the Storm, because I've had a lot of BlackBerry users at work asking me when we were getting them (due to the media saturation of the commercials and the general coolness factor of how the phone looks). So I felt it was my duty to get one in for review so I could make an educated decision about recommending this thing to upper management and other people who may be interested in it.A lot has been said about this phone in reviews by other technology journalists on the web (David Pogue of the New York Times for instance, and Walt Mossberg of the Wall Street Journal), some positive, some negative. I used the phone for a solid 4 days of testing and one software upgrade (to try to fix an issue, more later on that) before deciding to write this.I'll go over some key items about the phone in a few sections, the stuff that's important to me as a consumer. Things that have been in BlackBerry OS forever (such as push email, calendar sync, etc) are really not that noteworthy to me, and I won't talk much about those. I can, and will compare this phone to the iPhone 3G though, simply because RIM was definitely aiming right at Apple when designing this, I have no doubts about that.Phone DesignThe BlackBerry Storm is a slick looking phone -- which elicits the expected reaction from nearly everyone you show it to. It is very heavy feeling, about the same weight as the iPhone 3G. I would say it feels solid, but then you press down on the touchscreen itself (since it is one large button), and it wobbles and leaks light in from behind the screen. It is not the most comfortable phone to hold, but then again I don't think the iPhone wins in that category, either. Both of them could benefit from the rubberized grip of the BlackBerry Curve (or other phones that actually seem like they're designed to be held).Underneath the black aluminum battery cover (yes, unlike the iPhone the battery can be removed - score 1 for RIM), there is a removable 8GB MicroSDHC card, which is a great thing for them to provide. The last generation of BlackBerry phones (The Curve and Pearl) include a MicroSD card slot, but they didn't give you a card with the phones. 8GB is more than enough for a decent amount of media and pictures. It also included a Verizon SIM card (which I think is a placeholder, since Verizon doesn't sell GSM phone service). I've been told that this can be unlocked just as easily as other BlackBerry phones so you can roam the world with it easily (this is another thing the iPhone 3G requires hacking to do.)RIM abandoned the standard Mini USB port they've used for several years for a new "Micro" USB port for charging and connecting the phone to the computer. This means all your old BlackBerry chargers and any wired peripherals won't work with the new phone. This is kind of a letdown for me as a BlackBerry administrator, simply because we have dozens of perfectly good spare BlackBerry car and home chargers that are now useless if we move to the Storm.The ScreenThe screen is one of the better things this phone has to offer. It has a 3.25', 480360 pixel screen, with very easy to read text and a very bright backlight, with a nice glossy sheen to it. I really have no gripes whatsoever with the actual screen in this phone by itself, if I don't take into account the way or manner information is displayed on it or it's "click" function. It is better than the iPhone's screen in both clarity, size, and general readability.The AccelerometerThis is the first BlackBerry with an accelerometer in the device. Again, another thing I believe RIM decided to copy from the iPhone (even though the iPhone is not the first device to use something like this, it's the first one to do it right in my opinion.) I found the sensor had major lag issues (even after a software update to the 4.7.0.75 leaked firmware!) with moving from portrait to landscape. Sometimes it took up to 4 seconds for the phone to change back from landscape to portrait with nothing else going on. This is simply unacceptable. It would inadvertently switch screen orientation at random times when it wasn't necessary to do so, and it confused all the users I gave the phone to. The final straw with the accelerometer is for some reason RIM believes that if you have your phone locked, it should still change orientation from portrait to landscape. I honestly can't figure out why I'd want my phone sitting there in my pocket switching orientation when it's locked and not being used. I hope they fix this in a software update.The KeyboardThe screen being covered in its literal sense, I'll discuss the biggest part of what makes the Storm the Storm: The keyboard and its role in the UI. RIM decided in the BlackBerry Storm's development to eschew the traditional BlackBerry keyboard for two different "touch" keyboards. These both are familiar to older users of BlackBerry phones: The "SureType" style in the 7100 series and Pearl (2 letters per key), active while in Portrait orientation, or the QWERTY style (full keyboard), like in the Curve, 8700, and 8800 series, which is active in landscape orientation.However, the old keyboard layouts work completely differently in the Storm -- because they are now part of the touch screen and are activated by "clicking" in the entire screen while your finger is over the corresponding button. The screen acts as one giant button that you press in with every letter press, icon click, or menu selection.I've found typing for any period of time becomes tiresome after only a minute or so, and it seems like way too much work even to just send off a small text message. The auto-correction software (SureType) seems like it isn't as effective as it was in the BlackBerry Curve, and sometimes the phone simply types letters that I didn't press, even though it looks like I'm pressing the right one due to the blue "halo" around my finger as I hover over the letters.The keyboard isn't completely missing. There are still 4 physical buttons on the front of the phone, which include the typical SEND and END keys, the "Menu" key, and the "Back" key, both of those last two are holdovers from previous BlackBerry incarnations. I'm kind of surprised they couldn't find some way to integrate these into the touch screen.If this review was trying to convince me to buy this phone, this keyboard would be the deal breaker. I can't stand it. People who might peck one or two characters every 5 seconds might not care about how bad this is, but for me, it was infuriating to use it. I can type on my BlackBerry Curve at approximately 30 words a minute. The iPhone 3G? maybe 20-25. This was much, much less than that. I'm extremely disappointed; one of the huge advantages of BlackBerry was their highly efficient keyboard and the "Pearl" (or scroll wheel in the older generations), and that speed and fluidity is completely obliterated with a keyboard UI that just doesn't work. I had several non-techie users at my office try to type on it who were BlackBerry users, and they either typed incredibly slow or were just confused by the new keyboard.The Touch Screen, And It's Role In The User InterfaceIn general, the touch screen functions are a good effort for a phone if you ignore one thing: the existence of iPhone. Apple clearly invested much, much more time into usability and interface design here than RIM did. A few things about the iPhone that you don't notice you miss until you use the Storm are the ability to quickly "flick" through lists of items, multi-touch capabilities like pinch gesturing, double-tapping to zoom smoothly into/out of web pages, and smooth scrolling through websites. All of these things are not something the Storm does well (or at all in some cases), and I'm sure I'm missing a lot more here. Maybe its related to patent issues, but the touch screen in the Storm just seems dumber than the iPhone touch screen. That's about all I can say about it.Research In Motion has not paid enough attention to the menu UI in regards to making it easy for people to "click" on menu items, either. They are too small for even my (not that large) fingers to consistently press in properly. Making calls from the old UI was simple: Start dialing from the home screen. Now you have to press the SEND button to get to the call area, or click on the call log, which wasn't immediately apparent to any veteran BlackBerry user I showed it to.The AppsAs of right now, there's really little that is new or interesting about the applications bundled with the Storm. VZ Navigator is included, which is a turn-by-turn GPS application that has a lot of good Points of Interest and other neat features. Unfortunately Verizon charges $10/mo for this feature, which is really not worth paying a monthly fee for. There's not a good turn-by-turn GPS on the iPhone right now, but if it cost $10/mo extra, I wouldn't buy it anyway.Refinements to BlackBerry OS 4.7 to make it look very pretty are great, but those were done in OS 4.6 already for the BlackBerry Bold (a far superior phone for people who might actually want to type out an email!). BlackBerry even created some sort of half-baked version of Apple's App Store, but it simply forwards you to web pages to download applications. Not even close, RIM.The development happening for iPhone right now is astounding. I'd be surprised if the Storm gets this level of interest, considering there's already a huge glut of years worth of BlackBerry applications that still work on the Storm. There are a lot of great BlackBerry apps (A shining example is BeeJiveIM, which is also on iPhone), so it's not all bad but it really doesn't compare to some of the great stuff on the iPhone right now.On a positive note, applications on the Storm (or any other BlackBerry) can run in the background, which is one thing about the iPhone that is a frustrating design choice apple made that they play off as a feature to save battery life.The Web BrowserOne of the biggest changes in the 4.7 BlackBerry OS for the Storm is the web browser. The web browser definitely benefits from the much higher screen resolution on this phone, and actually renders real pages in a very readable way. Verizon's network is extremely fast (but not WiFi fast). The browser simply isn't up to the level of Mobile Safari on the iPhone/iPod Touch, though. The gestures that are in the iPhone for web browsing are light-years ahead in terms of ease of use than in the BlackBerry browser. This version is a marked improvement over the BlackBerry OS 4.5 browser, though.The NetworkAs the commercials state, Verizon's data network is the fastest out there. Their voice coverage is arguably the best in the nation. The phone does not have Wi-Fi, though, which comes in handy when you're somewhere that doesn't have Verizon's extremely fast Rev. A EVDO. This is the first BlackBerry on Verizon that supports tethering for internet on Rev. A EVDO, the prior ones only supported Rev. 0 (the slower EVDO speed).Generally speaking, sites and downloads came through very quickly in my tests in my metro area. The phone supports both CDMA (Verizon) network, and GSM networks with a SIM (worldwide with an unlock which is something very easy to do on the BlackBerry and not something you can do on the iPhone without hacks.) This is one of the major advantages of having this phone on Verizon, their network is great. You pay for it, though.CameraIt's not all bad news. The camera is 3.2 megapixels, with an auto-focus feature. At this point this is the best camera I have ever used in a cell phone. As a disclaimer I must mention I haven't used the Nokia N95, which has a 5 megapixel camera in it, or the new N97. The auto-focus feature is main reason I like this camera. Being able to focus on close items (e.g. a piece of paper) and still have the text on the page be sharp is a huge bonus; this is something you simply can't do with the iPhone 3G's camera. The camera's lag time for the shutter and taking photos is brutally slow, especially in low light. The iPhone 3G's camera has similar issues, though.Battery LifeThe battery life on the Storm seemed to be pretty decent; I don't have any scientific estimates on how long it lasts under light or heavy use. One of my gripes with the iPhone 3G is you can easily drain the battery to nearly nothing within 3 hours if you use it heavily. I didn't have anything worth using heavily on my Storm to really drain it, so I'm not a totally fair judge of this, but it seemed that the Storm's battery life is quite decent, and probably better than the iPhone 3G for general use.Additionally, having a removable battery is a very nice feature... albeit one I don't really care much about, since I generally have some type of charger near me, whether it's in a car, my desk at work, or an outlet at home.General Impressions / In ClosingSo, you're wondering after reading this, do I recommend the BlackBerry Storm to anyone?My short answer: No.My longer answer: The phone isn't refined enough. It lags doing simple things like orienting the screen and scrolling through the icons (even after their first firmware update), and needs more attention paid to the UI.For consumers on Verizon who won't leave (either due to loyalty or the other carriers not having good signal in your area), or corporate customers on Verizon: I'd say to either get a BlackBerry Pearl or Curve, or better yet, wait for Verizon to get the BlackBerry Bold (probably sometime in 2009). You don't want this touch screen. Skip it. I haven't personally reviewed the Bold yet, but it seems like it's inherited all the best UI features from the Storm and a great input interface to use them with.For consumers who want a cool phone right now and don't care about what carrier it's on: Get the iPhone 3G. Right now, overall, it is truly the best smart phone for the largest swath of consumers out there. Its flaws are overcome by an amazing development scene and a very well done user interface.

BlackBerry Storm 9530 Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless)Amig@ si realmente quiere un buen consejo NO COMPRE este celular. Sinceramente es muy bonito y a primera vista parece un tremendo celular... pero la verdad es otra1. NO TIENE WI-FI para mi eso ya es una desventaja enorme en comparaci&oacute;n con otros modelos de BB. Lamentablemente yo me di cuenta de esto luego de haberlo comprado.2. Si usted es de las personas que escribe bastantes mensajes de texto... pues quedar&aacute; muy decepcionado de lo molesto que es escribir con este telefono... es un telefono realmente torpe... muchas veces ocurre que si tiene tomado el telefono en forma vertical, la pantalla se queda como si lo tuviese tomado en forma horizontal o viceversa. Cuando est&eacute; mas apurado, cr&eacute;ame!! su BB Storm har&aacute; lo posible por "NO" ayudarlo.3. Se reinicia sin motivo alguno... Similar a los pantallazos azules de windows.&Aacute;rmese de paciencia.4. En ocasiones la c&aacute;mara se activa y no permite volver al menu principal o a alguna de las otras funciones... hay que sacarle la pila al telefono, para poder tomar el control nuevamente.La verdad NO LE RECOMIENDO este tel&eacute;fono. Busque otros modelos como el curve o el bold. Es la peor compra de tel&eacute;fono que he realizado... me dej&eacute; enga&ntilde;ar :(

I generally only bother to write a review when I have strong positive or negative feelings about a product, and in this case, they are profoundly negative.  This is easily the worst-designed phone I have ever used, and a major disappointment coming from an outfit as generally reputable as BlackBerry.Some annoyances:Very slow to start up, and for that matter, to do anythingMicro USB port not compatible with any existing accessoriesSignificantly poor battery life in standbyGenerally less-than-intuitive interfacebut the real killer is:the touch screen is totally dysfunctional.  I really cannot believe that a major company would bring to market a product with such a clumsy touch screen as the primary input method.I have never before returned a phone, but this one is going back before the 30-day window is up.

Blackberry should stick to Keyboard BB and don't try to compete with iPhone. The main issue with this phone is you just can't type (please get rid of Surepress). I have used iPhone and you can type very accurately and fast on it but on this don't ask. I actually tried my best to use it for about 6 months and after that I switched to BB Bold, what a difference.Other issue is the OS hangs randomly and when you press on certain icon something else gets pressed. In my opinion its still a beta quality after 2 OS upgrades from Verizon (RIM). May be with BOLD 2 they will fix all the issues, till then stay with BB BOLD or Tour depending on your provider.

I was excited to get the BB Storm when I upgraded from the BB 8830.  I spent about two weeks with it and it was not at all easy to use.  The touch screen is nothing like the iPhone and was a total drag to use.  There was a delay between when you touched the screen and when the button you pushed took any action.  Dialing from your address book was also a pain in the neck.  I had high hopes for this model, but Blackberry blew it on this.  It seems like they rushed the touch screen to market and didn't really fine tune it to make it perfect.  The Blackberry Storm is FAR from perfect.  Also, the touch screen isn't touch sensitive, you actually have the press the screen in in order to activate the key you are pressing, thus slowing typing down considerably.In conclusion, I sent this unit back after two weeks of struggling with it.  It was a very very poor design and was not nearly as easy to use as my previous Blackberry 8830.  I went back to the 8830 because it worked so well.

I saw the commercials for the Storm2 and decided I had to have this phone (yep I'm a sucker for cool effects). So I called Verizon and asked about it. The Tele-Sales rep said to me why not just get the original storm, it now has the same OS but the only real difference is that the original storm doesn't have wi-fi. I don't use wi-fi anyhow so the deal sounded good as the phone was only 49.95 with a 2 year contract. I got the phone and couldn't have been more disappointed. The click keyboard is a hassle to use. It shouldn't take me 30 seconds to dial a number. Most of the apps cost extra money per month. The web browser didn't even work. The media player is fair and I have to say the phone is LOUD! When the phone goes from normal to landscape it takes too long. Loading music is a chore, the software convoluted and it just plain bad design. It should not take me 3 weeks to learn how to use a phone. I have had it under 30 days so I am turning it in and probably getting aMotorola Droid A855 Phone (Verizon Wireless)orSamsung Rogue SCH-U960 Phone, Black (Verizon Wireless). Stay away from this piece of junk.

Prior to this phone I had a Treo, so I thought there could only be upside to the Storm.  But this phone is worse.  Typing on this phone is virtually impossible unless you are extremely patient.  The numbers are too small resulting in almost every  word having a typo.  And I have tiny fingers (my ring size is a 3), so I can't imagine how it is for the average person.  The phone also is really slow.  When typing there is a delay, making it difficult to see if what you typed is correct.  And it's virtually impossible to go back and fix it because it's hard to get the curser to go where you want.  But it's not just typing that is slow.  Making a call has a few second delay after you've hit the number.  And when I'm trying to make a call the phone often sticks/freezes in the address book.  And when I'm not trying to call someone and just trying to navigate through the phone it will call someone.  Basically it's a very poor user interface/navigational experience.  There is  nothing I like about this phone.  And to top it off customer service has been horrendous.  I'm in grad school and it took no less than 5 five calls to get my enterprise email to work (connect to my school's email).  Every time I called they would tell me something wasn't "turned on" on their end despite them telling me it was all set up during the last call.  And when I got home from abroad they turned off my enterprise functionality when I had my global phone plan removed.  Every problem I've had, I've needed to call them multiple times to fix, and these are not complex problems.  Additionally they lied to my husband when he bought the storm, telling him it wouldn't extend my contract.  However they did extend my contract two years and won't honor what they told us originally.  It is unacceptable!  Don't buy the storm and stay away from Verizon.  I've been a loyal Verizon user for about 6 years now and have totally changed my attitude toward them.

*******EDIT******* RIM issued V5 software update. My Storm now works the way it should have from the beginning. It is very fast, no more waiting between apps. The camera focuses faster and the keyboard seems more responsive. It is like getting a new phone.I have been using the Storm since Apr of 2009. It seem to work very good for me. I have not experienced all the issues that some of the other reviewers have written about. I have had maybe 2 or 3 issues with it freezing up in the almost 6 months I have had the phone. Now I will list the positives of the Storm.Pros:1) E-mail works great2) Texting is nice3) Typing on the touch screen is much better than on my iPod touch. Have not used the iPhone4) Still camera works excellent for a phone camera5) Video camera works great6) Syncs with iTunes ok, also works well with my Mac7) I have over 1200 songs on my SD card. Media player works great8) Calendar and notes work great9) External speaker is nice to and the sound quality is ok for a small device.10) Alarm clock functions are greatCons:1) It is heavy2) During restarts it does not always find my music, requires a second restart3) Mobile office apps have to be purchased at a steep price compared to the same apps for iPhone4) Screen needs a lock feature so the mute button does not get pressed by cheek during calls5) Software updates are few and far between6) Very few decent apps for the phone7) Time does not auto change when traveling to another time zone, my old cell phones even did that.All in all I like having the Storm. I would have gone with the iPhone but I have heard bad things about the AT&T; quality and customer service. Verizon has been great and very reliable.

I'm a business consultant, and so when choosing a phone I was looking for a smartphone type device that would be useful in terms of remote access to email and the internet when traveling; be able to look up flight status, and allow me to browse the news or listen to MP3s. Given how most of my friends and family were on Verizon, the iPhone wasn't an option, and the Blackberry Storm was supposed to have some features that the iPhone didn't (such as stereo bluetooth). Although promising, the Blackberry Storm functions like a prototype that should have never made it out of de-bugging.My device's operating system corrupted, forcing the Verizon technicians to give it a complete wipe. Even with this, the phones problems persisted.The Good:- Gorgeous screen- The camera takes nice pictures, and uploads them to facebook or wherever else without issueThe Bad:- Accelerometer has an extreme lag (over 10 seconds, and there are times when the screen will not go from portrait to landscape mode at all when texting)- Locking the phone has up to a twenty second lag- The browser's cursor mode has poor responsiveness, does not click where it is supposed to- The long awaited app store contains applications like "Fartin up a storm", but nothing of any real use or substanceThe Ugly:- The phone freezes completely, unable to accept or make calls (incredibly embarrassing when trying to talk to a coworker). I do make it a point to close every application completely when not using it, so I know it's not a free memory issue.- The phone randomly reboots itself (completely, as if you had yanked the battery out of it)- The phone has terrible voice quality unless you are talking over its speakerphone. (This I was informed about by my family.)As a traveler who depends on his mobile phone for reservations and communication with family members, clients, and co-workers, this phone is more aggravation than it's worth. For a teenager or individual who doesn't depend on their phone, it might be worthwhile.

This is the worst phone I have ever had.  I had a regular Blackberry before and loved it.  First of all, it's very buggy. The amount of time between when a button is pressed and when it actually registers is frustratingly long.  Typing is a nightmare that takes forever and almost always registers the wrong key (I'm a female with relatively small hands).  The auto switching between portrait and landscape is frustrating because it often does it when you don't want it too and when you do, it takes forever.  This phone is NOT user friendly.  You will have to read the book to figure out even simple features.  Lastly, it is poorly designed.  Some genius decided to put a mute button where your ear is.  Therefore, when you talk on the phone and try to hold the phone with your shoulder the mute button gets pushed. Then it takes forever to find the screen, switch mute off, etc.  This phone is so frustrating.  Since I've had it, I don't think a day has gone by without me saying "I hate this phone."On a separate note, the Verizon customer service rep was extremely misleading about the monthly costs of this phone.  We have two phone and he told us it was going to be $110 a month.  What he didn't mention, was that the service plan required for internet, email, text messaging was an additional $30 per phone, the regular plan is an additional $10 for the extra line, the gps is an additional $10 per phone.  My bill came to $200.  When I asked to remove the internet and email he said that would mean I couldn't ever send text messages unless I switch to a regular phone.I would give this product 0 stars if I could.

Let me tell you all the things I hated about my BB Scorn, which I just returned to Verizon in favor of the beautiful and functional Samsung Omnia:1-BB Storm software from BB is horrendous. It is rife with bugs and error messages. Workarounds I gleaned from the Web only served to make matters worse. I'm talking about all that important software for synching music, contacts, and so forth. I had to wipe my handheld three times because it got hopelessly bolluxed up, and i am not technologically inept by any means.2-The camera is awful. Long lag time between snapping the pic and actually having it take the photo. Few options for adjusting the image. A lousy zoom. Poor photo quality at the highest settings.3-Poor sound quality unless you hold the phone in PRECISELY the right position relative to your mouth. And I mean precisely.4-I found the push button screen better in concept than in execution. Ultimately just makes the thing more annoying to use.5-From what I can tell, the Omnia comes complete with a full version of Microsoft Word on the Go. BB comes with a basic version that won't let you actually originate a document on the Storm. YTou have to spend 69 smackers to upgrade to the Premium via Dataviz.6-the onscreen keyboard, in landscape mode, seems buggy: sometimes, the keys nearest the two bottom corners just don't work. no biggie unless you want a nice, responsive typing experience. :)7-no wi-fi. Omnia, which is now cheaper but just as fully functioned, has wi-fi.Getting the picture? I'm telling you, trust the reviews that said BB and Verizon dumped this thing on the market before it was really quite ready to roll. They even smile and quietly acknowledge this to be the case at Verizon itself.That's my story, and I'm hoping it convinces at least a few people to avoid the headaches that go along with this lousy piece of technology.I have an iPod touch. I'd go with the iPhone if I didn't have huge problems with ATT's network and reliability. But when you try either of these devices and then try the BB, you'll immediately feel you've taken several steps backward.The Omnia is the same thing: a nice, elegant, clean and usable device that does everything i had hoped the BB would accomplish.

where to begin. It regularly freezes up and crashes, the touchscreen keyboard is slow to respond, but it does have a nice screen

OK...I got this last night via FedEx as my local VZW store didnt have any in stock.  I opened the box, and I loved the look of this thing!  Cool, slick, neat, etc!  I activated it and it went down hill from there...The typing was clunky at best, and you have to push a bit to the left of the character to make it work...annoyance but not a deal breaker.  The camera was SLOW, don't expect  to click and shoot instantly, there's a quite a lag time, again an annoyance, but not a deal breaker.  The DEAL BREAKER came on the first phone call I made.  When you rest the phone on your shoulder, your cheek presses the mute button!  Absolutely the WORST possible placement of that thing!  That was FAR AND AWAY the most annoying thing EVER!!  I was absolutely JUMPING OUT OF MY SKIN to be able to return that thing!  I got my money back, and re activated my LG VX 8700.  NEVER NEVER again will I buy any BlackBerry product...EVER.In conclusion...DO NOT BUY THIS "PRODUCT".  You saw it here, so dont blame me if you buy it and hate it in 2 hours like I did.

This is the best, most useful phone I have ever encountered overall.First of all, while I always prefer a phone with a real, rather than virtual QWERTY keyboard, the click-touch interface at least gives a tactile response to the user.  This interface also helps distinguish between merely selecting (highlighting) something and commanding an execution.  One of the great things about this interface is that it uses the type of contact used in the IPhone, where the device recognizes you with a mere laying of your finger onto the screen.  Having previously used a Voyager which requires a physical push of the screen to recognize anything, this electrical type of interface is much easier.  Unlike the push touchscreens which have a hard time discerning between merely selecting and executing a command, the fact that Research in Motion added a clickable aspect to the screen makes entering commands easier and more clear.  By the way, even the IPhone can have that problem as it has to recognize a mere placement or swipe of the screen (highlighting) and a tap (executing a command). There are those who feel that the clickable screen slows down texting.  Yes, that will be true compared to a real QWERTY or the IPhone's keyboards, but less mistakes will be made on this virtual keyboard.  When selecting a link on a web page, for instance, you merely slide your finger over the screen until you get to the link you wish to click on, then push down with a click and you're where you want to go.Speaking of the browser, it's quite quick (The new IPhone also has a WiFi option, which IS really quick, and that's what you're using when you're in an Apple store.).  On top of that, there's something pretty great with the Storm I have not seen on other phones (just to say that I may not be aware of any, not that there aren't).  You can set the internet browser to appear to the web page you land on as either a Blackberry mobile device or appear to the page as either a Firefox or Internet Explorer browser.  Why is this important?  Some sights work better with Internet Explorer or Firefox browsers.  Sometimes, you don't want to get the webpage's mobile site.  For example, The Boston Globe's mobile website,[...], is very limited.  When I go there, I usually switch from the Blackberry mobile browser to either Firefox or Internet Explorer where I can get the full website.  This phone has no problem with most full websites.  I have encountered sites where you need to put in a user name and password and find that the full browser works better.This phone has an accelerometer.  I'm not sure HOW they work, but, like the IPhone, it automatically changes its orientation depending on how you hold it. If you hold it vertically, it gives you a vertical orientation, etc.There are so many features built into the phone, including a GPS, which will map any area and provide directions, but no voice help.  For that, you can use the Verizon VZNavigator, but that's an extra charge.  The media player can play many types of music files including straight .wav files (which is the file type used on CDs, so you get the same quality sound you get from your CDs.).  Most players can only play the very compressed .mp3 files.  You don't even need special software to download files from your computer (though the Blackberry comes with a few programs to help you do this).  Simply connect the Blackberry to your computer, then drop and drag the files you want from your computer to the Blackberry drive using Windows Explorer.The phone can multi-task.  There is a task manager, which allows you to switch between open applications without closing them.The screen itself is pretty spectacular and the phone comes with a preview to a film just to show you how much it's capable of.  While most downloaded files are not of great quality, I have streamed .mp4s and they show up quite sharp.The built in 3.2mp camera is sharp, but not spectacular.  It's color correction is not adjusted as well as it could be, but overall it ain't bad.  There is a built-in flash.There are lots and lots of applications now available for the Storm, and they take advantage of the power and screen quality of the device, including a dedicated YouTube interface.  There is a Prodigy for Blackberry.  This was really Blackberry's attempts at rivaling the IPhone for sure.  Someone said to me that this is an IPhone for business people.Here's the downside to the phone and it's why I haven't given it 5 stars.  The documentation for users stinks.  A lot of this capability I only found through  trial and error or talking with either Verizon's own Blackberry service (they have a separate group that handles Blackberry only) and Blackberry's own people.  Comparing Verizon's literature that came with the Voyager and other phones I have used which talked about the littlest minutiae, Blackberry's documentation leaves a lot to be desired.  Thank goodness I'm pretty intuitive in this area and I know to poke around.  Still, there are things I would have liked to know from the documentation that are fairly basic.I'll cite just a few examples:You like that one can drop and drag files directly into the Blackberry Storm by using Windows Explorer?  Nothing in the documentation on that.  I found discovered this while talking to one of the RIM guys up in Canada.Want to customize your screen to eliminate icons of programs you won't use?  Or how 'bout how to customize the "desktop" of your phone?  Well, there's nothing in the documentation -- not in the booklet accompanying the phone, nor on the accompanying the CD, nor online.  I went to the Blackberry website and did a search from the front page. I put in "icon" into the search.  The only thing that came up were pages on how to create your own icons.  Again, a tech was able to explain how to do this.Third example:  When using the camera, there are several icons or numbers across the lower camera screen.  Some of them are obvious, some are curious and one, as it turns out, isn't used (the designers intially put it in and then opted not to use it, though it wasn't removed entirely).  There is NO explanation in the documentation as to what each of the icons or numbers represent.  Contrast this to the Voyager's documentation which explains each and every button and visual.  No stone unturned in that documentation.  Yes, the flash can be turned on automatic mode, off mode or forced mode, but is there anything that mentions this?  No.4th example:  That wonderful feature allowing you to switch browser-type I mention above?  I only learned about this by talking to one of the techs when I was having trouble working on a website.  Again, there is nothing in the accompanying documentation about this.So, there is a myriad of ways to customize the phone in terms of its functionality (not so much visually).  Most of these are found by using the Blackberry's menu button.  Unfortunately, some things you want to alter may need to be altered while in the application and others from the home screen.  You'll have to learn which are which strictly through trial and error.Contrast this to the IPhone.  Apple has mastered user intuitiveness.  The IPhone's interface is so obvious, at least to me.  I hardly needed to know the phone to know how to use it and how to get where I wanted to go.  The IPhone does have an open platform so many designers are coming up with apps for it.  The interface is quite elegant.  The home screen is simple and then drilling down is intuitive.But I can download files of all types and attach them in emails using the Blackberry.  An Apple rep told me that someone is working on a application which will allow downloading of files and attachment to emails.  When that happens, I'll consider it.  And while Blackberry's monthly fee is higher than Verizon's, it comes with unlimited data AND video and picture messaging, and I believe, the fee is less than AT&Ts; monthly fee.Bottom line here -- the Storm is INCREDIBLY capable.  The user interface just isn't as elegant or intuitive for the non-computer type users.  If you can be patient, and will to make a few phone calls to the techs (Clearly, they value Blackberry users business, as you get right through, no waits and all from US call centers.), once you have learned the quirks (the learning curve on this is much higher than on the IPhone), it's a wonderful and very useful phone.  The up and coming Storm 2 will apparently include WiFi (useful), but may not have the click screen (I, personally, would miss this feature, but I understand it can slow down the person who is a fast text message wiz.).I'm curious about the new Droid phone Verizon is touting.  I stick with Verizon.  Everyone I know who has tried AT&T; has not been the happiest with the quality of the reception they get when in the US.

If your in the market for a new cell phone contract and smart phone, in my opinion, the Blackberry storm is the way to go. That is not to say that the storm is without faults but really all of the new smart phones do. Just so everyone know I DO own a storm and have been using it for a about week now so I feel I can offer a true opinion about the phone.Lets start off with the good...The number one reason that I choose this phone over the others is the Verizon network. I have been a Verizon customer for over 6 years now and only once have I ever had drop call. I recently drove from Boston, MA to central Florida and the phone never lost a bar the entire time I was on the highway (my Acura displays the phone batt life and signal strength on the dashboard). On top of the network there is a really cool phone. Besides owning a Blackberry curve for one day, I have never owned a smart phone and have very little experience with Blackberry. This give me an unbiased opinion of the phone without trying to compare to other Blackberry phones.The phone is fast, I streamed a local radio station through a free app called flycast for a couple of hours without any issues. I also love that the included software with the phone syncs all contacts with your computer. Just the fact that you can copy, paste, and edit makes this phone a great choice. Some people complain about the clickable screen but once you get use to it, it helps reduce the accidental button press. The build quality, battery life, removable battery and memory card, ability to open word and excel files, and great speaker are just a few of the awesome feature of this phone.The bad...There is a learning curve with this phone. If you used an iphone or ipod touch, this phone will drive you crazy at first but once you realize that it is a different phone with different feature you'll quickly realize that the phone fun. My biggest issues with the phone is the apps available. The iphone/ipod touch has an awesome apps store where the Blackberry does not. (I hoping that since the phone is so new that in time it will get better. Another big disappointment is the lack of wifi but since the Verizon network is so wide and fast it really is not as big of a deal. My wife and I did a race with the storm on Verizon and Ipod touch one Wifi to a website neither one our devices had previously visited. In three raceses, the storm won 2 out of 3 races.Over all the phone and network are great. There is some room for improvement so that is why I only gave 4 stars. Also note that I purchased the phone with the latest OS update 4.7. It is my understanding that the previous version had many issues. For anyone with the old software I highly recommend updating. Just remember that this is not an iphone and has its own personality. Once you get past that you will really love the phone like I doP.S. I highly recommend installing opera mini web browser, flycast radio stations streamer, and vlingo which is a speak to text software that lets you text, email, update facebook and search the internet all with your voice.

What's this, the new BlackBerry? Woah, it has no keyboard. And...did it just click? You've never clicked a screen before, is that supposed to happen? Is it supposed to feel so...tiring? And why is this screen wiggling around, am I supposed to be seeing the circuit board? Why is it so heavy; the iPhone isn't this heavy? The interface is pretty neat, but why are page transitions taking so long. Did it just flip orientations on me? I didn't even move it. Wait, now I did move it and the orientation isn't following. What's going on, I thought this was supposed to be an iPhone killer? This is what RIM and Verizon is putting their muscle behind? Really?It's unstable. Typing is atrocious and unbelievably inaccurate (seriously, there were times when I couldn't even decipher what I had just typed.)The screen, oh man the screen. It's pretty darn gorgeous, but I can't get over how it moves. It was literally the first thing I noticed when I picked the device up, and our exact reaction is "why the hell does this thing wiggle?" It's very disconcerting, and makes the Storm feel incredibly cheap. There is play in all four sideways directions, and a lot of it. I'm not talking a little wiggle, I'm talking gaps big enough that you can clearly see the circuit board below. I realize it's probably necessary and alleviates stress when clicking the screen, but man does it cheapen the device.First off, if it worked perfectly it might be a different story, but it doesn't. Lag is present throughout the device (more on that later) but most frustrating with the selection process. There are times when I found myself clicking on an item, but the Storm only registered the highlight. It wasn't common, but common enough to be a legitimate gripe. It is also inconsistent. In the commercial I see the mysterious hand swiping across the home icons, and the highlight following his finger. This doesn't happen in real life, at least not on the homescreen or main menu. In the Media application, however, you can do just that with the icons at the bottom. Again, minor gripe but it's just an illustration of the ill-executed nature of the Storm.  Most importantly is typing, especially since we're talking about a BlackBerry. To say the Storm misses the mark is an understatement. This may sound like hyperbole, but I cannot think of a keyboard worse than the Storm. Ever. Touchscreen or not.  Messages on the Strom were often unreadable.  As I slowed down I got more accurate, and tweaking some of the sensitivity settings helped a bit, but at full speed it just plain couldn't perform.  The software just isn't that good.Lastly, typing is tiring. After just a few messages my thumbs began to feel fatigued, and I'm not alone in thinking that. Keep in mind this was just after a few quick text and PIN messages, typing out a full email was downright exhausting on my thumbs. I often found myself wondering how RIM could have ever passed this device through beta testing, not to mention release it and market it as the iPhone killer.  An "iPhone killer" it's not!To use the term "half-baked" is too generous.  Try "microwaved" instead!  A cheap substitute deal for the real meal.  I LOVE the iPhone but hate AT&T.;  I LOVE Verizon but hate it's selection of phones. I'm dropping this piece of junk today and going back to the iPhone!

I have had this phone for around a week. So far this phone has been great. Multimedia on the device is good. The screen is phenomenal. Only problem I have had so far is the mute key in calls is sometimes hit by my cheek. Other than that I love the phone.

If email & text messaging are amongst the major reasons for getting a high-end cell phone, you can pretty much forget about this Blackberry Storm.  I found it very difficult to type fast on this phone.  It is so BAD that I have decided to give up...and I am not a person that will easily give up.  I know this phone has other fancy features.  However, if I cannot type fast on it, all the other features are secondary and trivial.  It is like buying a car.  The car must be easy for me to drive.  Without easy driving, the car will be totally useless to me even if it comes with the most comfortable leather seat, bath tub, toilet, kitchen, big screen TV, bulletproof glass...My final choice, after looking at iphone, Samsung omnia & G phone, was Blackberry Bold!  iPhone is the easiest to type among the phones with on-screen keyboard.  However, the Bold keyboard is better than any on-screen keyboard.

I've had this phone for approximately a week now. I upgraded from my VX 8700 flip-phone to the Blackberry Storm. So with this in mind, my perception and exprience with the newest Blackberry addition my vary from more experienced smart phone users. Here's the first thing I noticed:The phone looks smooth and the screen is very bright and vivid. It looks pretty basic- only 4 buttons, large icons, it just looked simple yet luxurious.  The main downside to The Storm, is the touch-screen.  In a way it sort of evens itself out. Because although the keyboard and Sure-Press capability may not be that easy or accurate, it does make up for it with its large screen. I text a lot so when I first got the phone I tried to text and found it extremely frustrating. It got to the point where I just stopped and if I received a text message I would be upset because I didn't want to attempt to text them back. However, with the switch to any new phone comes adaptation.The features that come with this phone don't seem very clear or easily accessible. For example, today I woke up and my phone will not connect with the internet. I tried searching ways to fix this or for a number I could call, but there it's confusing when trying to flip through all the options.I'm keeping this review short because I've only had the phone for a week and I don't feel like I have a complete understanding of it yet.  I'm sure I will become more comfortable with it.

I have seen the Blackberry Storm in operation by employees at work who have it. It is better than the old chunky Blackberry, but the touch screen needs improvement in sensitivity. The BB Storm is still too thick and heavy. It is a also a shame that Blackberry finds it necessary to sign exclusive distribution agreements with only Verizon, whose service also sucks compared to AT&T and Sprint. I give the Storm a one or two star rating. Perhaps it will be improved next year. I will wait till the touch screen has been improved or superseded with a better version and is available to AT&T or Sprint. The iPhone is lighter, thinner and has a better tactile feel, but it locks up. Good reason to not spend money on either Blackberry Storm or iPhone until the bugs have been corrected.

I liked this phone at the beginning, but after having it for a year, I've changed my mind. Compare this to an Iphone or Android phone, and you'll be disappointed. I was pulling for Blackberry, but my emotional connection has given way to my intellect.Lets start with the applications. Blackberry App world is abysmal compared to the competition. The App World icon disappears from my phone every time I download an app and have to restart, so I have to use the web interface from my laptop to send a link to my phone. Convenient huh!? One of the most useful features about the new smart phones, are the apps. Unfortunatly many of the apps for the Blackberry are not written for the Storm. Whatever you do, if you get this phone, don't look at the apps available for the Iphone or Android phones, you'll be very disappointed. If they are available for the Blackberry, they don't have the same functionality or visualizations that you'll get on the competitors phones.Sometimes when I'm on a call to some customer service number, when I bring up the keypad to press a number, I get a disfigured keypad with only a couple of numbers and some symbols. Not the greatest when the days of the human operator are in the past.The Blackberry internet browser isn't nearly as good as the browser on Android or the Iphone. Sure you can download another browser, but they're still not as good. Blackberry has promised improvements in this area, but still hasn't delivered.A reboot of this phone takes 3+ minutes and is required occasionally when the phone freezes up, or when you install or uninstall a new application.Blackberry phones are great, but stick with the traditional Blackberry. They've been left in the dust by the competition when it comes to touch screen smart phones. Don't fool yourself into thinking you'll be happy with this phone if you want the functionality of an Iphone or Android phone.

I thought it would be cool to get the latest gadget, but I really regret it. I've been struggling with it for nearly a month. I've always disliked my Blackberrys, but this one I find virtually useless for business purposes.  I'm not much of a techie and find it frustrating that the tricks to using Blackberrys successfully require tapping into techie folklore rather than a users guide.Positives:- Beautiful screen- Separate menu for email vs. SMS (yay - finally!)- Great for viewing emails, presentations, speadsheets, etc.- Seamless operation with my Rhapsody music subscription account- Camera with a flashNegatives:- Anything that involves typing - so simple things like unlocking the screen, calling someone, sending a text message and sending an email are very frustrating and time-consuming events that I now avoid.  Sadly, these functions are why I have the phone.  Typing on the QWERTY screen works best, but errors are continuous and time-consuming.- Two hands are required to operate phone at all times- Operations are mysteriously slow at time. Sometimes I can't answer calls.  Sometimes the keyboard orientation won't change.- Access to contacts is difficult and time consuming. Scrolling was much easier.- Use almost requires a Bluetooth headset.  If you smile or bump the screen with your face while talking on the handset, you will turn on the "mute" or "speakerphone" setting.  Very irritating.- General handling of the phone. The phone screen cannot touch anything or it will "click", activating a function.- I haven't found the webbrowser to be very useful either. This is probably something for me to work on.If I didn't need email access, I would be ecstatic if I could return to a regular cell phone and texting.  But, if one must have a Blackberry, I would recommend the World Edition or Bold over the Storm for certain.

Get with AT&T and buy an i-Phone, I have had the storm for about 6 months and it is the biggest piece of crap I have ever owned. Tech support is non existant screen is slow and un-responsive and now it does not work. It is a royal pain in the butt!

Hello everyone, I've had this phone for the past 3 weeks and felt I was ready to write my own review for it.A bit of background on me so you know a little bit more of where i'm coming from.I'm 18 years of age so still rather young compared to most others, but I have quite an busy life which includes college, family, 2 jobs, and yes, bills. I am also rather tech savvy, at an intermediate/expert level.Blackberry Storm 9350!I'll give you a bottom line right off the bat for this product:If you want a phone for it's entertainment and good - not the best - business applications I would go with the storm.If you want a hardcore business phone go with the Curve or Bold as it's more suitable for emails and is much faster to type with if your on the go.The reason why I say this is because this is the first Blackberry with so many entertainment features like free news sent right to you phone you just click on to read, your own customizable ring tones, an amazing screen for ultimate video, a great camera (takes some time to actually take the picture but it's the same with other quality cell phone camera's), great email abilities, coming out with good applications making it a formidable foe to the iphone once again, free google maps and other browsers for your various needs, including the firefox alpha and opera mini!The only cons that I have found with this phone have been the fact that not as many applications that i'd like to get have been released, but that is not the phone's problem since it hasn't been out very long. Also the fact that if you purchased music from Itunes you have to tamper with it to transfer that music to your phone, I don't buy music from Itunes but I still don't like to be limited in that sense. The last con I have for this phone would be that when I go to actually answer the phone it has a bit of a lag, a time difference when i switch the phone from landscape to portrait or vice versa, and that makes it difficult if you want to ignore the phone call, as you can answer it using the actual answe button an the bottom of the phone without a problem.In the end yes this phone is a multimedia tool with the blackberry backbone for some good business tools, and as of yet I cannot find a valid reason to give it any less than a 5 star review as I believe for the price of $150 and verizon's coverage you can't go wrong with this smartphone.

So I 've read all the reviews and did plenty of research before buying the Storm. I have had it for a few days now and really have nothing bad to say about it. I am coming from an LG Venus but have used the Palm Treo in the past and they don't even come close to the Storm. I haven't had any issues that you will be sure to find on here, no crashes, no lagging and everything works as it is supposed to. I bought this phone, not expecting it to replace the I-Phone, I have an IPOD Touch for playing games and listening to music. I have added a few applications to the Storm and they all work flawlessly. I shut them down when I am done using them, which is really no problem. The touchscreen really only took a day to get used to ( I can type just as well on the storm now as I could on my old phones.) It basically comes down to what you will use this phone for. E-mail, basic internet browsing and social networking sites, this phone is perfect. If you are looking for games/apps and want to be able to drink a "beer" from your phone then by all means go buy the Iphone (I hear they have picture messaging...... Coming soon) Overall, it may take a day to get used to, but it is well worth it. Added Wifi would move it from 4.5 stars to 5, but not having it is by no means a deal breaker.

I've had my Storm for a year now, and have been debating whether to upgrade to the new Storm2 or the Motorola Droid. I had the opportunity to play with both phones, and I can confidently say that the Storm is the true winner! I like the fact that you can touch the screen but need to actually "click" down on the screen to open an app --whereas on the droid it opened whatever my fingers accidentally touched, and had stuff opening all over the place just from handling the phone!  The touch keypad is much more accurate (and I had less mistakes) on the Storm than on the droid. I also like that the Storm, now a year after its release, has become MUCH more stable due to consistent operating system upgrades. The new OS is much faster and more reliable. The camera and video camera work great, I have 16GB of photos & songs on the media card - which play as good as (if not better than) an ipod, there are TONS of apps and games, and the Bluetooth sync'd to my car is awesome! I also like how everything is organized much better, and easier to find (in logical places and menus)- which I could not find in the droid. I also use my Storm as an MP3 player and a radio when outside thanks to the Slacker Radio app and my Bluetooth headphone! Apps that I have installed on my Storm are: a GPS app that is very cool and works w/ the Blackberry Maps; a Level app that turns the Storm into a level tool; a Flashlight app to use the phone as a flashlight; a task reminder app; Bartender app; Photo paint app; a Travel/Pedometer app; Weather app; Unit convert app; YouTube, and of course Facebook. In playing with the new Storm2, the only thing I can say is it is a little bit faster, has more app memory than the Storm1, and has wi-fi. I believe that the Storm2 with wi-fi will really speed up the browser.  I think I will be upgrading to the new Storm2 rather than the flakey droid that I had the opportunity to play with. If you want the best, go with the Storm!!!

As our own President Obama can attest to it, it is really hard to go back to any other phone once you become accustomed to using a blackberry.I am usually all things apple.  I use mac, own several of ipods..etc, but when it comes to mobile phone use, I just couldn't give up using a bberry(coming from Curve & pearl).  ( I played around with iPhone for a month but it really wasn't any different than ipod touch that I had because the phone was pretty much useless with all the dropped calls)With the Storm, I'm no longer require to carry a business phone, personal phone, ipod or a portable DVD player.About the only "con" I can think of about the storm is that, I can not type as fast as I used to on the Curve.( but then again, I don't think i can type as fast on any touch screen phone)also, the plug is micro USB instead of miniUSB.  which mean I can no longer use the car charger from my other bberries/or motorola chargers...MotoQ or razr.By no means, this is a perfect phone.  It has it's imperfactions.  But then again, other winMO, treo or iphone have their share of short comings or faults as well.  Yes, storm does freeze, resets once in awhile(which seemed to have stopped with OS upgrade).  But to me this really isn't a "con" as seeing that every other phone out there will all freeze/reset occasionally.  That's just a nature of electronics.  I mean, have you owned a smartphone/mac/PC that didn't freeze or stall on you once in awhile(ctrl+alt+Del)??Having few months under my belt, I can say that lot of the problems people have addressed in their reviews are fixable with OS upgrade and/or by having settings set correctly.  I've been an early adapter for phones like MOTO Q, Treos, and iPhone.  Compared to those phones, I think RIM is coming along just fine as far as working out the kinks and having bugs fixed thru OS updates.  Even the iphone fanboys have to admit, it took them almost a year before iphone became where it's at current state.Now to some things I like about this phone.- Verizon network coverage..  Call quality is superb as usual just like all of my past Bberries.  not 1 dropped call.(might be a RIM hardware thing, cuz my Moto Q used to drop calls once in awhile)**set aside all the bells and whistles, this should be your most important factor in choosing a phone.  I'm not suggesting Verizon has best coverage in your area..  I'm sure there are areas verizon lacks coverage where others excel at.- instant email & Blackberry Messenger  (2 things that no other phones can compare/compete with and what makes it my "crackberry")- being able to use AIM, Yahoo MSGer, google talk all simultaneously  (waiting on Jivetalk to come out with  the update, which will enable me to use 1 program for all IM programs)- visual voice mail(being able to check vmail without having to call in...shows lengh of msg, who it's from..etc before you even check the actual message)- shooting videos, being able to upload online(eg. youtube) rightaway, or sending via MMS- takes great quality of photos (easy upload to flkr, facebook..etc)- using Trapster, getting warnings about upcoming speedtraps, camera lights is a lifesaver($$$ saver too)- streaming online radios (Moodio, flycast..etc)- Being able to wirelessly sync(google sync) contacts, calendar with Google acct.- Full fuctional GPS with 3rd party apps.  (trapster, Nav4all..etc)- Full HTML browsings  (if BB browser doesn't do it for you, check out BOLT browser)- being able to just drag&drop; movies, songs, ringtones, pics straight into storm without 3rd party app. (both on Mac and PC) you can use it like a flash Drive or external Hard Drive.- Great Media player  (viewing photos, music, Video)  Watching a full length movie on the storm is amazing.  Really no other phone out there can compare to quality of this screen  except maybe Blackberry BOLD.- Being able to listen to music/movie via bluetooth headset/speaker or having it piped thru my car stereo via bluetooth using (Motorokr T505)- not sure what other documents it can open/view, but I was able to open MS word, Excel, Powerpoint slide show, & Adobe PDF files no problems on storm.- being able to tether via bluetooth to use as wireless modem for my laptop.- Being able to changeout batteries and micro SD card.  (Those long plane rides are not so long anymore with 2 extra batteries and a extra 16GB cards along with 8GB card that came with the phone)*I covert my DVD's to 600-700MB sized file, so you can imagine how many movies I can carry on a 16GB card.-being able to Multitask.  eg. I can listen to streaming radio while my AIM is online in the backgroud and I'm checking my email.- Being able to have it "Unlocked" - took me about 5 mins with Vzw rep to have my phone SIM unlocked.  This means, even though it is a CDMA phone here in US, when I travel overseas, I can just pop in a pre-paid GSM SIM card from that country without having to pay for roaming fees(this makes a truly world phone for me).  I did test with my buddy's AT&T;, T-Mo simcard to make test calls/txts and it worked flawlessly.**I'm not saying other phones aren't capable of these things.  I'm just stating some things that I like doing on/about the storm.With few more OS updates and upcoming Apps store in March, I would never trade this for any other phone that are currently out in the market.  (Bberry Bold & Curve 8900 would be an exception, but then again, AT&T; & T-MO really can't compare to network coverage and Quality of Verizon in my area)

This phone case was bought for my teenager who drops her phone all the time and this one was bought to replace another she said its working good so far though

There are some pretty chatty reviewers here so I'll just bottom line it for you. As a web browser and general all-around application tool, the Storm is far superior to the Bold (and the Curve) due to it's large touch screen. As a mail READER, the Storm is also superior.As alluded to by numerous other reviewers, the only non-superior aspect of the device is the maximum speed at which a user can type out a message. For generating email & text, a traditional quality keyboard such as on the Curve (and to a lessor extent the Bold) will actualize your maximum typing speed... if that's what's most important to you.For me, the ease of navigating screens and applications (to include READING email) via the touch screen is far more important than maximum typing speed (I have an office computer and a notebook with broadband; either of which I will use to generate most of my wordy emails. I use the blackberry mostly to keep abreast of what's going on while away from those primary computing tools). Using the trackball of the Bold and the Curve is much more cumbersome for the regular away from desk tasks of reading email, browsing the web, updating Twitter, etc.There is also currently a socio-capitalistic elitism to be enjoyed by having the touch screen of the Storm (sure, deny it if you want, and hate me for bringing it up, but you know in your heart that like me, you enjoy having the coolest new toy in the office, and this is it!).Summary: I read 30 email messages a day on my phone, but only respond or generate a few... the keyboard's maximum typing speed is of secondary concern for you if you share my same use model (and the web browsing on the Storm, like the iPhone, is absolutely joyous!)

It took me a long time to decide to buy the Storm.  For someone like me who is happy w/Verizon, the iPhone was out.  For someone like me who does not text, I had no preconceived notions about keyboards and texting.  I don't give a hang about that.What I wanted was email access and a replacement for my old Palm C3.  I found it.  I've loaded two email addresses (I am uncomplicated) and sync'd my old Palm desktop calendar (my Palm died months ago, but I love the Palm calendar) via Google.  With the aid of Compulink, it was a piece of cake.I only say all of this to establish a baseline for your consideration of what I have to say:  I love it.  I've loaded email, some news links and Pandora for radio (I absolutely love that!).  For someone like me who is not big on texting, the various keyboard apps built in work great.  The B'berry version memorizes my own commonly used words and smartens up as I use it.  Love that.

sorry, i'm not bright enough to figure out how to just ask a couple questions, so i had to do this in the guise of a review.First, does Verizon require you do subscribe to a monthly 'data pak' when u buy the Storm?  I hear AT T requires you to purchase a $40 monthly data pak.Second, how's the navigational speed on the internet with 3G?  Is it similar to dial-up at home or broadband?i'm very interested in this phone but need more info.  Any feedback i can get on this is much appreciated . Thanks, and happy thanksgiving!

Pros:Verizon Navigator - works great on this phone. Drove from CO to MN and used it to save money on gas and find restaurants.No problems with reception from CO to MN; my former phone was Verizon too and I saw no change in connection. Internet speed fast in major cities and slow in NE.IM - has several applications and my work uses Yahoo IM and AIM so it was easy to setup and use.E-mail accounts work well and are easy to setup.Can download music easily from iTunes to phone.Phone quality is good and sounds can be set very loud.Cons:Verizon Navigator / Bluetooth to FM radio - uses LOTS of battery power.Keyboard - takes a lot of getting used to (coming from a Treo 700W). It works a lot easier in landscape position.Need to spend a lot of time setting up. If you are new to a PDA allow 30-40 hours. It still took me 20 hours to setup all accounts, settings, sounds, music, load IM software, etc...My boss has the iPhone and really likes it except for the AT&T; coverage. I live in a small town so Verizon is the only option. The phone has a lot of features that still need exploration but so far everything has been amazing and the screen is bright and very detailed.

It's a totally different product from all of the junk you are reading from late 2008/early 2009. There is a new OS for this phone and with the new RIM system for the Storm, this phone is a tremendous machine! It's a great tool, useful friend, and beautiful phone! It lets you do everything you would expect from a Blackberry, and more.I have very long nails, so I was worried that the typing would be an issue, but no. I've become a pro in less than a few day! The screen is gorgeous; the applications standard with the phone get all of your organizational work done, and more. New features are coming out every day. I live in a pretty small town where service with Sprint was never too great (which is why I swapped to VZW); internet and data use is fast, network is the best, and call quality in general is much improved. The Storm has great features that help improve call quality too. I would encourage any businessman or woman to indulge in this phone - esp. if you are already a believer in RIM products. For newbies, I say, DON'T HESITATE READING OLDER REVIEWS. The newer Storms that ship out have the latest OS, but there are even leaked OS's out there that are a few kicks better than the "Official" Verizon downloads. I installed OS .151 as an international version/multilanguage from RIM's Spanish website and the phone is a dream.I am a long time Blackberry owner. Went from the World Edition 8830 - to the Curve 8330 - Now the Storm 9530. So far, so BEST.

UPDATED 12/15I just so happen to love it.  But that's because I'm open minded about these types of things.  Was the thing overhyped?  Probably.  But so what?  Methinks too many people get their hopes up and expect the world when they should understand by now that NO technology is ever perfect.First of all, to those that wonder if BlackBerry has lost its touch (no pun intended), wonder no more.  Internally this is a BlackBerry, through and through.  The only real distinction between this and other BlackBerries is the screen/navigation, period.  It's still the champion of email and messages; still handles documents, still handles PDFs, still is one of the best all around communication devices there is.  In fact, behind the the pretty interface, the apps are nearly identical to that found on the Curve or Pearl.As you've likely noticed already, this device has been getting either lauded...or blasted...depending on who you talk to.  Some reviewers love it, some hate it.  99% of reviews compare it to iPhone (AT&T;), simply because of the touch screens and accelerometer.  But to be truthfully frank, that's really where the similarities end, and is the background of my review here, as I've not used an iPhone and therefore make no comparisons.  I did own an iPod Touch for about a day (returned it, couldn't stand it), so I'm familiar with some of the touch functionality found there, but ultimately I didn't get the BB for its touch; I got it because it's a BlackBerry.  If you're in the same boat, read on.As I mentioned, this has all of the functionality of the other BlackBerries.  Email on the go is the #1 feature for me and the reason I keep coming back to BlackBerry, and this one is just as good as the others, if not better.  Of notable mention is the new method of navigation on this phone; there's no scroll wheel, no "pearl" to scroll through options.  There are two ways to navigate: touch, and click.  Touch selects an option (referred to as "highlighting"), which click activates it.  This is important, because it means you can't use touch to type.  You have to use click for each key.  Some don't really care for this. Part of that is RIM's fault, because of the way they presented this functionality.  They made it seem as though the screen was some sort of soft press deal that "felt" like keys...when really it's a single dimple pressing a single button to activate whatever option is highlighted.  You can hopefully see where I'm going with this and why I said it that way.Sometimes you'll highlight an option not what you want, thinking you're on something else, and when you click, it will do the option you didn't want.  So for example, you'll be on a menu option attempting to close an application, and it does "Switch Application" instead.  You'll see "Close" clearly highlighted, but it does the other one.  You didn't see where the highlight shifted at the last minute.  It happens.  The reason this happens is due to the user and the adjustment period to getting used to the device.  You really need to take your time and pay attention to what's being selected; it's not like other BlackBerries where you can feel out certain options, or like some users who can select options with their eyes closed because they're just that good at the navigation.  It's just a learning curve, but one that not everyone will tolerate.I had a co-worker ask me what kind of person would enjoy this device.  It's hard to say.  What I know for certain is that if you're not a "gadget head", you probably won't like it.  If you're the kind of person who just needs to make calls this is not the device for you.  That's not to say it's not good at making and receiving calls, because it is...better than most other phones I've had.  It's just that, if that's all you care to do, this phone is overkill.  Same for the Sidekick/LG Voyager/Dare converts; in my opinion, this phone is way overkill.What some have to understand, is that BlackBerries are business phones.  They are designed for the business-minded individuals who need to get stuff done.  Certainly RIM has gone out of its way to "consumerize" the device, but at the end of the day, it's not going to have a stellar, if any, camera.  It's not going to be the ultimate media player.  It's not going to be the ultimate instant messaging machine.  But it will get stuff done efficiently.Another co-worker approached me after having bought the Storm, on the verge of returning it due to multiple frustrations with using the device.  His #1 complaint: too confusing how to figure out how to do everything.  I countered this by explaining that the main difference between iPhone and Storm is that the iPhone wants to hold your hand through the process.  It wants to "teach" you how to use it effectively.  The Storm, on the other hand, is still a BlackBerry at heart.  BlackBerries don't "teach".  They expect you to know how to do the basics already.  This can be considered a shortcoming on RIM's part, but to their credit they do run you through a setup the first time to try and help you learn the basics; quite honestly, you'll only learn by doing it and patiently working with the phone.Another concern people have, and have had since the Pearl, is with SureType, complaining that it's difficult to use.  SureType is actually more intelligent than the regular phone predictive text engines; What some miss, and the reason they get frustrated with it, is that SureType is also attempting to think for you.  There are a lot of things it will do for you without you even realizing it.  Basic things such as punctuation, first letter capitalization, etc. are all done by SureType automatically.  The best way to use SureType: don't think too hard about what's going on the screen; just spell out the words, space, period.  Repeat that, without worrying about what's happening on screen (for the most part).  If you let SureType handle the logic behind the sentence structure, you'll probably find that it's even easier to manage than standard QWERTY, even though QWERTY does some of the same things.  If you think/worry too hard about what SureType is doing, it's guaranteed to give you errors, because you're effectively fighting the engine without even realizing it.Finally, make sure you update your phone to the latest firmware as soon as you get it, as it will resolve a lot of the issues with the screen navigation and accelerometer.  Other than that there isn't really much else I can say.  Either you will like it, or you won't.  The more open-minded you are about the phone, the better the experience.

This Black Berry storm, was made to have some aplication like iphone. But doesn't have  multitouch sreen application like iphone. I phone leads some aplication but not too far.Blackberry storm 9530 is a more mature desing and aplication, but the big deal is this storm model dies have bluetooth and wifi. Why!!!!! Hardly too believe. Black berry made another storm with bluetooth Storm 9500, with a more faster interface but not with WiFi. Twice the same sin. I have to punish this with a star, but for some people maybe is not a big deal.This phone brings virtual qwerty key board, not very confortable to used, if  you write a lot. I found people that this is not a problem, but for it does.I you like the storage pic, music and videos, this item can suply all ur needs. OKWhy you should choose this over other black berry?Of the family of Blackberry, this phone is the biggest display, for see video, the display is owesome nice resolution.does it work for office?Yes, has every aplication you want if you like to typing a lot, the qwerty display, is not very confortable, made the other blackberry, can be more confortable.Display or keyboard, is the fisrt anwers you have to choose.Why a Blackberry than other?Well, Black berry has special desing of the keyboard,  but they oriented cell for documents and emailing archives.Iphone or Blackberry?Well, iphone is the best of the best, but i don see big diferent beside the multitouch funtion. The aplication is good enougth for regular needs.

I believe that the phone is in very good shape. It basically looks brand new. It came with everything besides headphones. One thing that i dislike is that the picture messaging didn't work, but apart from that, everything is fine.

I just got the BlackBerry Storm last week, and I already despise this device's pathetic attempt of being a smart phone. While it looks amazing and truly has some amazing qualities, this phone seriously takes like 5 seconds to transition between screens. It's the slowest phone I have ever seen. The phone has many flaws in it. I don't know if it's the operating system or whatever, but it's extremely slow and freezes all the time. It's so bad that the Verizon Wireless worker even warned me that the phone has a lot of "lag" in its transitions, but I didn't think it would be that big of a deal. Wow, I was really wrong. It feels like I am on dial-up internet when I'm just simply going through the menus and pre-loaded programs.Bottom line, if you are going to get a BlackBerry, don't get the Storm unless you have oodles and oodles of time to sit around waiting and waiting and waiting on the phone.

Enough of the negative reviews by all the Apple Fanboi's.The Storm is a very solid phone, works great, works like a blackberry. I use mine as a media player in addition to the phone, and it is very good. Much better sound than an ipod/phone... and the camera is one of the best I have ever seen on a phone.Plenty of apps and it is fast, browser works well.I am very happy with mine.

The Blackberry Storm 2 is by far the best wireless phone I have ever used or owned and it puts Apple's iphone to shame.  I especially like the "controlled" scrolling on it that stops when you stop scrolling so you don't over scroll past what you are looking for and it's extremely faster on the internet than Apple's iphone.  I also found that the "functionality" and features found on the Blackberry Storm 2 is far superior than any other wireless phone I have ever used or owned and the "quality of build" is absolutely outstanding.  I am very happy with it.

Purchased the BB STORM 9530 cell phone a few months ago with great anticipation.  It has been anything but!  First off, I am very disappointed in in the "touch" screen itself!  Yes, you have to slightly depress it to get that clickish feeling, but it is a MAJOR hassle to type a text / email.  If you don't place your fingertips directly over the letter / number, you will be constantly correcting your mistakes.  There is NO WAY one can type at a fast pace on this phone!  It seems like you are relegated to almost "one finger" typing in order to complete a text.  Plus, the auto dictionary feature keeps changing routine words to other words, so you have to backspace, then hit the space bar to proceed.  Very annoying, to say the least!  The other thing about the screen is that is is NOT sealed around the edges, so dirt and moisture can seep in underneath it.  I accidentally found this out when I spilled a little water on it.  I quickly dried it up and figured I had saved my phone from catastrophe.  The next morning, my imaging on the phone was "cloudy" plus the BB kept turning itself off!  I took the battery out and let the phone "dry" itself out.  This worked, but a sealed screen would have prevented this!  (Also, make sure you have a screen protector on it to avoid smudges on your screen.)  My last complaint is that the browsing experience is very slooooooooooow and tedious.  Again, the touch screen is not user friendly in this case, either!  To be honest, surfing the Internet on ANY cell phone is not even worth the trouble.....I'd rather do it on my PC at home.  If I had to make a sound choice on a BB, it wouldn't be this one.  (It does have some nice features plus is sleek and stylish, but not enough to overcome these issues!)  I actually like the newer BB TOUR 9630.....it's more my type of phone.  Oh well, the STORM is my phone until my official upgrade date arrives.....in 2011.  (Sigh!)

Like the title states there are some issues with the OS. I received it with the .75 OS on it and updated it to the .90 leaked OS.  The .75 OS is a little more stable that .90, but .90 runs much faster. Since launch the OS has improve ten fold and RIM is continuing to work on the issues with as show by the the leaked OS.  If there was no OS updated I would stay stay far away from this phone.  The phone is great.  It takes a day or two to get use to the set up and the click screen, but once you get use to it I think it is much better than the Iphone. even though I miss some of the touch screen feature the Iphone/Ipod Touch has.  There is not a ton of 3rd party apps for the Storm yet but they are coming.  Some that are a must is Orb, Talklock and Flycast/Moodio.Basically if you need a smartphone that is as good as the IPhone right now and can't afford to deal with so small OS issues that are being worked out than don't get this phone.  If you can that run out and get it now.  I've had it for a little over a week and love it and can't be without it.

I've had this for a few months now.  First off, there are two problems with it that I have had:1. After a couple weeks it became very sluggish.  I was about to return it, it was so bad.  I found out the problem, which is not as well documented as it should be, is that I had about a dozen apps running and bogging it down.  You need to close apps as you exit, not just go to the home screen.  That could be more clear.2. Typing took some getting used to.  I had to get used to covering the key I was typing.  I'm now pretty good, and the predictive software is pretty good too.  Still probably not quite as easy as using the mini keyboard on a Curve for instance, but it's pretty good now.  If I were a high volume text'er it might be annoying, but I've gotten used to it.With those two caveats aside, this is an absolute gem of a device.  I've had a dozen different cell phones (several pda types) and this is by far the best.Almost weekly I'm surprised by the quality and simplicity of a new feature I uncover:- Basic phone use is great.  Reception is excellent.  There's even less lag than I'm used to with typical cell phone use that seems a little like an out of sync movie.- Email use works great, which is clearly a strength of blackberry vs. my previous windows based phone.- Camera - took a high quality picture on the ski slopes, hit a couple buttons and it was uploaded to my facebook account.  Cool- Music - I upgraded my Rhapsody account for an extra couple buck a month and now my storm is included on it.  I dragged over a few playlists and within a few minutes I had the best music device I've ever owned, with complete access to everything on my PC, plus with the subscription, pretty much every song ever on Rhapsody.- Voice recorder - I needed to dictate some notes on a drive recently.  Found a built in voice recorder.  Works right through the headphones included with the device.- I'm a big fan of gmail and use google calendar, et al.  They have a nice little sync app, now my google calendar and contacts are live on the storm.I imagine you'll find a different set of features that you care about, but basically, this has become an amazingly powerful device, well beyond what I expected when I bought it.If you can get used to the typing, I think you'll love it too.

Recently bought this phone used off Ebay. It has been great and not laggy to me hardly at all. Yes if you're trying to run 10 apps at once it's going to lag pretty bad, but it is not much different than Windows OS. If you close stuff down that you don't need anymore and move on to the next app you should be fine. The only problems i've had with mine hanging or being laggy so far are from poorly programmed third party apps.Before this phone i had an LG Dare so I will compare a little here. Also, note that I love my Dare and the only reason i switched was because i wanted the ease of the email and data plan. The Storm is quite a bit larger than the Dare, as far as cellphones go. Screen size is very nice on the Storm and the weight from Dare to Storm increase quite a bit. The Storm feels a lot sturdier than the Dare. I LOVE the click in screen. No more accidental button pushes from brushing the wrong key! With the release of the .148 firmware the Storm now has the full keyboard in portrait view also which is what i almost always use.Has a very nice assortment of downloadable apps. If you're looking to play the ocarina or drums on your phone then get an iphone... You won't find those here. At least not yet...On thing that i see that can be a big pain for people is going from a Curve or similar BB to the Storm. If you are use to the trackball and physical keyboard you may not like the Storm's setup. Just a fair warning. This is my first BB so it does not bother me. I love it!All in all a great product as long as you know what you're getting!

I was very excited to get this phone, but i do have to admit that once i had it for a few days i was disappointed. I also have a Blackberry Curve, and it has stood by me through everything. I think i could drive over it with my car and it would survive. Always, the Storm had a lot of hype behind it and i wanted to get one.Some of the good: I loved that you could turn the phone to its side and get a horizontal keyboard. This really helps with texting and sending emails. You are also able to send MMS something the iPhone doesnt offer. I love the blackberry platform, and the ease of use for the phone.The Bad: The phone froze a lot, and i found myself having to remove the battery to do a reset. It took sometime to get use to the fact that i had to press down the screen and "click" it. This was different that what i was use to with the iPhone and the Instinct.I got rid of the phone, it seem to always need something looked. I think it is like the first iPhone, and they have some kinks to work out.

wow, i thought it would do what i wanted to do... check my email while on trips so that i could leave the laptop at home. and it does, but almost every attachment comes with a standard message... "not enough memory, log in on your laptop or home computer." a month later they came out with storm2, but i'm stuck for two years! and i'll never buy another blackberry!!!

General Comment:  Worst piece of technology I've seen in 3 decades.Experience:  I've owned it for about 5 months.  I'm reasonably tech savy, having worked on computers since the early '80's.Pros:  Intuitive.  With some practice the keypad isn't bad.  A single screen combines all phone logs, text messages, and emails for instant overview of all your communications.Cons:  Heavy, chunky, sluggish, unstable, unreliable.  Reboots constantly (known problem - check around).  Reboot takes forever.  Poor sound.  Poor voice recognition.  Screen constantly flips between vertical & horizontal mode, regardless of how it's held.In Detail:  Actually I like my Storm much better now that I smashed it against the dashboard and I finally succeeded in breaking it beyond repair.  I have had it for about 5 months and I paid plenty for it.  That said, the satisfaction of smashing it made it all worthwhile.For starters, the interface has a response and feel I can only describe as wading through an 18" deep lake of frozen molasses.  Want to play games on it?  Foggetaboudit.  Sound is weak and scratchy.  Voice recognition is poor.  It's chunky and heavy.All that aside, that isn't the major problem.  Shortly after I got it , it sharted rebooting multiple times per day (like 10).  Bad enough, but on top of that, it takes 5-10 minutes to recycle.  10 hours of tech support (really!) with Verizon improved it to about 2 reboots every 3 days.  Unfortunately, over time, it became worse again - much worse - finally rebooting every time someone tried to call:  i ring - 1 vibration - reboot.  Oh yeah - and it didn't save the number either so I had no idea who called.  After it did this to me about 15 times in a row over a period of 3 days or so, it hit the dashboard.FYI Verizon AND Blackberry customer service was abysmal.This happened 2 days ago (4/14/09).  I bought an iPhone.  It's killer.  I love it.  For the record, I've been using cell phones since they weighed pounds, came in bags, and air time was $2 a minute.  I wasn't born yesterday and haven't smashed anything since I pounded a keyboard when the PC ate my spreadsheet and cost me 4 hours of work - I think that was back in '87.As of this writing, Blackberry has yet to upgrade the operating system and it is 100% a Blackberry problem.  These are in no way ready for prime time and should never have been rushed to the market.If you're a masochist and like being tortured, this is definitely the phone for you.Else, if you really want a useful, elegant, stable, and smooth as silk touchpad smartphone, then do what i did, suck it up and buy an iPhone.Consider yourself warned.

I received by BB Storm with much anticipation the other week and it took me less than 2 hours to conclude that although well intentioned, the BlackBerry Storm fails to meet expectations. For those of you who are keen Amazon.com review watchers, let me brief and specific:1. Typing is impossible for anyone who wants to use the device like an older blackberry or smart phone. The typing program is probably meant for a younger generation of users that don't need to be bothered with proper punctuation and grammar.2. There is a problem with the software in that when one types at any decent to fast pace, you get occasional freezes and delays. Simply put, the device cannot keep up with quick typers.3. The phone quality (sound of a voice call) is good but because of the touch screen technology, when you are on the call, parts of your face can trigger actions on the device such as mute and conference call.4. When you hold the phone in landscape for a full QWERTY keyboard, you can only see 2-3 emails in a list at a time and there is not enough white space to scroll through it.5. There is a delay with the tilt screen no matter what program you're using which can be annoying when you're trying to fire out a quick email and you can't get the screen to "right" itself.6. Finally, instant messages don't appear in the mailbox with emails. I don't know if this is a settings issue (and I don't care to find out because I am returning the Storm this week) but if it can't be changed, I find this very inconvenient.

This is, BY FAR, the worst phone I've ever owned.  I've had it about a year, and I tried to give it an honest chance.  But it seems that this was a rushed product with numerous bugs that seem to get worse with every new software update that comes out.First of all, I am not a power user.  The only additional software I run on it is a Twitter/Facebook app, Bloomberg, and occasionally Slacker radio.  I also have two email accounts hooked into it.  In other words, I'm hardly pushing the envelope.  Even so, there's considerable lag in the OS, and I run current official updated software.  Today, my auto spell check stopped working.  No explanation, no reason, and all the correct options are checked.  The screen dims to an unreadable level - again no matter how the options are set.  It insists on vibrating and ringing when a call comes in, again despite the options checked.  Oh, and did I mention that I'm on my THIRD one because of the instability of the OS?  One thing I will say is that Verizon has been very cool about replacing this crappy phone.  Whenever I explain the issues I'm having, they don't argue, complain, or even look surprised.  They simply swap it out.  Nothing is ever that easy - I'm guessing they know it's a crappy and unreliable phone.The biggest mistake I ever made was not return it within the grace period.  Don't bother with this phone at all.  It's junk.  And if this is what I can expect from RIM going forward, this was my first Blackberry and it's certainly my last.

Don't buy this phone expecting it to funtion as a tethered device for your PC. I did, it doesn't work. I tried a ATT air card, it worked. I tried a Alltel air card. It worked. This doesn't. Verzion claims it is my problem. What a load of XXXX.  The feature they advertise are non functional, I even got a store employee to admit that. If you want a device like this keep in mind what it does well, Email, music etc. Verizon's support really sucks. I expected better, didn't get it.

First off, I'm usually an early adopter, and am extremely picky about my personal electronic devices.  As a 30-plus year computer veteran and high-tech worker, my use of this device does not enter into the realm of Blackberry Enterprise Server or anything else to do with work.  This is my personal phone, and I love it!My previous phone was the Samsung Flipshot, which has a really nice camera included, which I used all the time.  The camera in the Blackberry Storm is pretty good comparatively, however there is so much more to the Blackberry.  I can still do all the same things I could do before: MMS the picture to another cell phone and send an email, for example.  With the Blackberry, I have a Flickr app that integrates itself pretty well with the camera interface.  I take the picture and one of the options is "Send to Flickr."  Pulls up a very familiar Flickr interface loaded with the options you need, including privacy settings and image scaling, and the image is submitted - done!I also own an iPod touch 2G (16G) with the latest software update (3.0) and I can honestly say that BlackBerry has missed the mark, comparatively.  I've already seen at least one exhaustively comprehensive review on this product, so I'll stick with my own personal experience.  The accelerometer is useful, for sure, but the reaction delay is annoying.  People often see me giving my phone a little shake to get it to react, and have asked me if this is a part of the method for switching it between modes.  Personally, I think it's just a habit I've picked up while waiting for the screen to catch up with the device's orientation.The iPod touch screen is glass, while the Storm's screen is plastic.  Now I always install a screen protector on all touch-screens the moment they are taken out of the box.  I remove the plastic protective sheet, and immediately install the plastic protector.  If you scratch your screen with keys in your pocket or purse, or drop the unit, you may be surprised at the damage a plastic screen protector will take.  I also purchased the Verizon clear case, which I like because it only adds a little space to the unit, while protecting it from mild drops.  The only problem with placing this unit in any form of semi-permanent case is that you cannot use the phone with the desktop charging base that Verizon is selling at the time of this writing (without removing the case, which is annoying).  So either buy some other form of case that is compatible with the base unit, or skip the expensive base unit all together and just use a standard charger or USB cable.I've played with many applications and games on both the iPod touch and the Blackberry Storm and I can say that Apple's offering is clearly more snappy, almost instantaneous.  The Storm is just not as responsive in all ways.  It's not a terrible lag most days, but even from a fresh restart, there's a noticeable delay between any action (button, touchscreen, accelerometer event) and the unit's reaction.The speakerphone on the Storm is nice, I use it all the time.  Decent loudness and clarity for a cell phone, and the speaker is on the back, far enough away from the microphone that I rarely (if ever) have any feedback.Two must-get applications:  TalkLock by CellAvant and QuickPull Pro by SteelThorn.TalkLock: When you talk on this phone, your face will press against the screen, and you WILL have problems with muting, flashing, dialing digits, speakerphone activation and deactivation - you name it.  Get TalkLock and save yourself the trouble.  It's cheap, works well, and you'll thank me!QuickPull Pro: This is a multi-processing device.  You can have multiple applications running in the background, and this eats up memory and CPU cycles.  If you're an average user, you may forget to exit applications and wonder why the phone is dog slow.  If it's dog slow and you don't want to go to the application switcher and shut down each application, just use QuickPull and have it restart your phone at, say, 2:00am (or whenever you're least likely to use the phone).  When you wake up in the morning, your phone will be freshly rebooted with no extraneous applications executing in the background from the day before.  Nice, right?I appreciate Blackberry's introduction of the Compatibility Mode, consistent physical button interface from previous Blackberry models and application permissions, which let you control how your applications can access your phone - and private data you have on your phone.Compatibility Mode:  For those of you who just can't live without applications (Shazam anyone?) that were designed exclusively for the non-touchscreen Blackberry units, there is Compatibility Mode.  Switch this on, and your touch screen acts like the rollerball with click from previous models.  Not bad, and it seems to work pretty well.  This disables screen rotation, apparently, but I do believe that more companies are porting their applications over to the Storm, so it's usually only a minor and temporary set-back.  Plus, you this allows you to use your old apps while you wait for the developer to finish the port!Consistent Physical Buttons:  I love buttons.  It's the only reason why I bought the Storm: for it's "clicky" screen, and four physical buttons.  Had I not physically picked-up the Storm that my co-worker had just purchased, I would have never known how physically tactile the screen actually is - the unit in the Verizon stores had always been used so much that the screen was squishy and it was not clearly apparent that it physically "clicked" like a single button when you pressed it.  I like having a Talk and End button, dedicated.  I like the color coding.  The Blackberry (Enter, Menu, Do It!) button, and the Back button are a welcome addition.  I know that if I want to go back (like CE on a calculator) I simply press back.  If I want to exit out of things (like C on a calculator) I just press the red End button.  NOTE to RIM:  Please give us the option to exit and CLOSE applications with a single keypress.  If I am in an application and I press the red END key, I expect that the application will QUIT, not simply go into the background.  This should be an option. I like my Blackberry clean, and the QuickPull is simply a band aid.Application Permissions:  As a security professional, I can tell you that it's nice to know that there is enough granularity within the application permissions to allow or deny almost any action for any application.  For most, this is simply just a "feel good" thing.  You set the default application permissions, never looking at them again, and hoping that they are set properly.  Just make sure that you are purchasing/obtaining your applications from a known-good source, otherwise, someone may write an application that does nasty things to your phone (places calls you don't want to place, e-mails your contact list to a third-party without your consent, forwards all e-mails to another party, or pictures...you get the point).  Your life is on your phone.  Be careful of what applications you load on it to keep it clean and safe, and your data relatively secure.Screen lock button - upper-left.  Although there's a lag when entering and leaving this screen lock mode, it's nice to have it.  Lock your screen before you put it into your purse or pocket so you don't make accidental calls, or forward a spicy message from your significant other to your boss.  Make sure you set your contact information so that if you lose your phone, and someone picks it up, your name, address, phone number and e-mail address will be immediately visible - so an honest person can make an attempt to return this rather expensive (retail) phone. You don't want to have to buy this phone again before the contract's up, trust me!Headphone jack:  Okay, this is a slight bone of contention with me: I realize that they needed to use the four connector jack: ground, microphone, audio left, audio right.  However, why did they choose the non-standard (for cell phones) size?  Now, it is nice that they shipped a corded headset that works just fine, and I can also use my Motorola ROKR S9 wireless Bluetooth headphones with them, but I cannot easily use my favorite wired headphone from Jabra - even with the Verizon adapter.  Before you buy the Verizon adapter, make sure you test it in the store with the headset you want to use - save yourself a trip.  I've returned one, thinking it was defective, only to find out that it was simply the way it was designed.  Test it in the store by placing a call, making sure you can hear the other party, and the other party can hear you okay.  I've reverted to using the headphones-with-mic that came with the unit.  Not bad for a freebie.Packaging:  I know people want to feel like they "got something" when they spend more than $100 on a product, but why all the crazy, expensive, potentially not recyclable packaging?  I think RIM should spend a few research dollars designing a box and packaging that is more Earth-friendly.  The iPod touch wasn't too bad: one piece of plastic or two, a few small manuals.  I was cleaning my basement this past weekend and had to sort through all sorts of shrinkwrapped useless garbage to recycle most of it.  If a phone is intuitive, you shouldn't have to read the manual, and what's up with shipping phones with sixteen different languages?  If you're selling a phone in the United States, it should most likely be in English.  If the customer needs another language, it should be available on-line, for free.  I get a Citizen Watch periodically, and am amazed at the well-designed but completely useless packaging that accompanies it.  So I keep the box on the shelf, and it's never used, taking up space, because I hate to throw it away.  Companies: make your packaging lighter, as attractive as it needs to be but not over the top.  People should be throwing this stuff away or recycling it.Frequency of Mail Checking:  I haven't found a way to fix this, and would love to find a solution, but the mail is checked all the time.  There's a reason why these are lovingly called Crackberries.  As a person who would rather be notified every 15 minutes, 30 minutes or even an hour at a time, I'm shocked that there's no ability to control the frequency of the mail checking and/or notification.  There should be a way to either check for mail less frequently, or to notify you only at certain times.  I get a message, the phone notifies me.  A minute later, I get a new message, the phone notifies me.  I'm like a Pavlovian dog.  The filters are nice, but I still think we should have a way to scale back the mail pull/push and/or notification on the web-site or phone.I took off a star for the overall responsiveness of the unit, the lack of automatic or intuitive application closure and the Bad Design of not having a built-in auto-locking feature while on the phone.  Did they not test this unit with a few phone calls?  Seriously, without TalkLock, I'm pressing the touchscreen every few seconds.  I'm shocked they didn't catch this and, having caught it, surprised they didn't release a quick fix.  How hard would it be for RIM to write a free, official, integrated auto-lock application, or just buy out the TalkLock company.Overall, I love this phone, and don't know what I would do without it.  I hope that the next iteration of the RIM touchscreen offering is faster to react, more intuitive for the average user (application closure and memory are two big points of contention with this unit) and potentially has a GLASS screen.Not to plug Verizon's applications too hard, but I do like two applications:VZ Navigator: I'm never lost and can perform searches here or anywhere.  Nice to be able to find my closest library or vegan restaurant.VCast Song ID: Want to know what that song is playing in the store or on the radio?  I've had this application on my phone since its inception and it's awesome! Give it your e-mail address and it will send the song's information to your e-mail automatically.  If you're into buying your music in a digital format, you can even make the purchase directly from Verizon's store but...yeah.  You might want to buy the CD later.  The e-mail feature rocks and is free; buying stuff (music, ringtones, ringbacks) is on you.With the Blackberry, I pay a monthly fee for the VZ Navigator, but it is included with some plans.  Make sure you ask about charges when you pick the unit up.  The VCast Song ID is, I believe, free - but you need to have a data plan.  Again, check with the service provider to see how that works.Important note to Verizon or RIM:  All of the demo Blackberry Storms I experienced in the four stores I visited before I made my purchase had "squishy" touchscreens - to the point where I didn't realize that the touchscreen is actually a physical button.  I strongly dislike touchscreens, but I like those with tactility.  Swap out your demo units when they start to lose their spring, and you might sell more to people like me.  The only reason why I even considered buying this unit after my negative multi-store experience was physically taking my co-worker's brand-new phone away from him while he was on his desk phone.  The phones in the store should not be broken!

I think the reviews this phone received were unfair. In fact, I originally didn't give this phone a chance and got an Omnia instead (which I hated and returned, btw. winmo needs to die). Finally in frustration I tried the Storm, not expecting much. Since I've had it, I've grown to like the phone more and more. It's a great alternative to an iphone, if you're going to use it for music, video, internet, etc. The phone is no more laggy than an iphone (it just doesn't have the flashy transitions that iphone does). If you need a real qwerty, get something else, but I rarely type long diatribes on my phone, mostly short responses, and this is more than adequate for that. The screen on this thing is amazing (better than iphone), plus you can multi-task unlike the iphone. I regularly listen to Slacker Radio and surf the internet, which I can't do on the iphone. The surepress thing took a couple days to get used to. I don't think it adds much to the phone, but it doesn't subtract either. You gain some functionality, like the ability to select an option and open a contextual menu without activating anything; but typing is slowed to an extent.I get through an entire day of use- watching tv shows, listening to and downloading podcasts, calling, sms, internet, with some battery life left. I get a couple extra hours over the Omnia, which I used for a month.I also want to give an extra shout-out to podtrapper. I listen to podcasts a lot, and podtrapper is an excellent program for downloading and listening to podcasts. The best I've used.I'd highly recommend people take advantage of the 30 day guarantee and try this phone out. It's worth it to be able to stay on Verizon!

I have had my storm for two weeks, and I must say that I love it.  I read plenty of the negative reviews and was very skeptical on getting the phone.  Now that I have it in my hands I can actually say I love it!  I love the big screen and once I got used to the touch screen keyboard typing was a breeze.  When the phone first came out it was buggy but that's the price you pay for having to have a phone on its release.  I waited until they had a reasonable software update before purchasing this phone and I couldn't be happier.  I have read so many reviews on here comparing it to an Iphone.  It's not an Iphone.  Take a blackberry for a blackberry.  Blackberries and Iphones are not even marketed to the same group of people.  Iphones are not business phones.  I think ppl wanted it to be like the Iphone, and when it wasn't they were disappointed.  The only phone that will be like the Iphone is the Iphone.  Get over it already.  The storm is a nice blackberry and the apps being developed for blackberries is up and coming.  Apps for the blackberry is a relatively new thing but there are new apps added daily.  I actually like the surepress of the screen because I am usually sure of what I am clicking on before I press. I think when deciding whether to get the storm you have to ask yourself do you need a physical keyboard?  If the answer is yes get a Tour.  If you want an Iphone get and Iphone, but if you want a touch screen blackberry get the Storm.

anyone who has effortlessly used a mousepad on a laptop or the iphone If you remember seeing the early iphone commercials and the effortless transitions, remember that is the iphone and don't assume the blackberry is quite so smooth. I have loved almost every new blackberry I have had, but this one was the bggest dissapointment of all.I will admit I didn't read the instructions to see if there was anyway to soften the deep click you must tap through to a selection like punching out the back of a sinus pill container.i tried it and for the first time, i met a blackberry i didn't like.

First I'd like to start by saying that this is my first BlackBerry and while there are a lot of cool things about the Storm, there are some drawbacks when compared to other devices.  I have used a Windows Mobile phone for the past 4 years and have enjoyed easy wireless sync of email, contacts, calendar and tasks to our Exchange OWA server.  I'd like to mention easy because it was just that. No hassle, no IT involvement and best of all, no additional cost beyond having an unlimited data plan.  So this is the standard to which I set my experience.  Keep in mind that this is mostly a comparison of "over the air" sync.So why switch...well, I got tired of the inherent lag/sluggishness of Windows Mobile phones and wanted a change.  Figuring that the BlackBerry has been in the email market the longest, it seemed a safe bet.  Unfortunately the email sync was probably the greatest disappointment of the entire device.  It's too bad too because the rest of the phone is very well put together.  Since most other email friendly smart phones have ActiveSync built in, they can seamlessly sync over the air with Exchange.  The Storm however cannot if there isn't a corporate BES server available. If there is, you need to purchase the more expensive data plan at $45/mo as opposed to the personal data plan at $29.  I don't understand why but that's just how it is.  Only with a BES server on the back-end, will you enjoy full email sync including calendar and contacts.  One other annoying thing is how it's charged/sync'd.  I purchased the OEM cradle and while the single USB cable will charge/sync simultaneously, it won't do either if your computer goes into standby, which mine does after 20 mins of idle.  I woke up this morning to find my phone fully sync'd to the PC, but with a dead battery.This is probably what will prompt me to return the phone and go back to my Windows Mobile.  I'm disappointed too because the responsiveness of the phone is very good and I am really enjoying the push screen.  It makes a world of difference over other touchscreen only phones.  Plus, the built-in email, calendar and contact apps are very well designed.  The layout is nice and easy to read and edit.  Yes you can use a cable to sync calendar, contacts, email, etc but all devices can do that so I don't really consider that a reason to buy.I'm looking for a phone that supports easy wireless sync of email, contact and calendar, voice-dial via BlueTooth, plays media, supports MMS and has good performance (not a WinMobile).  The Storm and the iPhone come close but neither can do all of these things.  I will probably purchase the iPhone however since it at least supports my core needs of ActiveSync.I hope this helps you all.

I thought the Storm would be all I'd ever wanted and more.  And if it were working properly it would be!! When I opened the box and powered up the phone it had someone else's stuff on it.  Called Verizon, they walked me through how to wipe it.  Everything was great til I tried to use the camera.  Spent nearly 3 hours on the phone with a Verizon tech guy. We went through every step/optin that RIM had to fix it and he determined the hardware is bad.  No wonder the last person returned it....  We'll see how my replacement phone works - it's in the mail.

I have several co-workers who are using iPhones, and they were definitely one of my choices.  Would have gotten a better discount through work with AT&T;, but chose to go with Verizon and a Storm for the following:Pros:I like the size of the Storm, it is easier for me to type on and keep a grip on. While the thinness of the iPhone is convenient for pocketing, the Storm's size is much more comfortable to me.I've had bad experiences with AT&T; coverage and customer service in the past and did not want to give them my business.  (Co-workers have stated they are having to deal with dropped calls)I like the click-screen on the Storm, it took a couple days to get used to, but the feedback is helpful.Verizon is consistently one of the top wireless providers, and since they are combining with Alltel's network, coverage will be even greater.Cons:The number of applications available for the Storm does not compare with what is available for iPhone.  This wasn't a dealbreaker for me since there are versions of the Google products I use, mobile websites work the same on both, and the Blackberry comes with standard applications.The iPhone interface does win on performance and usability.  There are times when there is a lag for the screen to switch when tilting the Storm.I like the Storm and the features that drew me to it in the first place.  After a couple months of use I would still choose it again.

The best way to put it is...Love mine!, the point being that it takes a while to get used to it, but once you do, you get the unbeatable blackberry email and almost everything else you get in the iphone.The screen resolution and brightness is totally HD!I went for it over iphone as I needed the Blackberry email, calendar features etc. and now that I have it for a over a month or two, its hard to put it down. Am totally comfortable with typing as I don't need to email Grey's anatomy every day (it's a thick medical reference book:-)...you get the point.The way i look at it is that if your work environment is blackberry based, which i believe is true for most corporate environments, you'd certainly feel more comfortable with blackberry over iphone.For all rest, iphone may represent better value!Gave it four stars as RIM still has their work cut out on the software side, but don't be mislead by it, they seem to be on top of it and should have it sorted out soon.In the end, both devices represent great value, you need to work out what serves you better!

After problem after problem with At&t;'s service, I finally cancelled my contract and finally made the move to Verizon. While I am extremly happy with Verizon's service, I'm sorry to say that I will be returning my Storm for the Curve because it just isn't working out for me. Too many kinks and I just dont have time for the sluggishness and the freezing and the lengthy rebooting sessions, not to mention typing on that nightmare of a keyboard. Here's my more specific review..SMS and MMS Messaging: Probably one of the main uses for me and with the storm its a nightmare! Texting on that keyboard takes forever. Not only that but everytime you press a letter it never seems to be the one you were going for and you have to keep erasing and starting over. Sometimes I just give up and throw it down and say I'll just call them! I can't tell you how frustrating this is.Calender: Good, no major problems with that.Browser: Excellent! Fast and easy to use.Media: Ok this is where some of the major snags are. While the picture, video and sound quality are top notch, don't plan on using them too much otherwise it will freeze up, get stuck between screens, or tell you after only 1 video your whole memory is full! And trust me once its frozen, the only way to unfreeze it is by taking the battery out and rebooting the phone takes forever! Really inconvienient. I was so mad..I was at a concert video taping the best part and guess what happened? You guessed it! It froze and lost my whole video. I was pissed to say the least.Instant Messaging: I use aim alot, glad it came with the phone, although if you stay signed into it all day it will drain your battery. Again anything where you have to use that keyboard is a nightmare so that would be my only complaint with the IM feature.Voice Dialing: Awesome! Can't say enough great things about this feature. All you do is press the side soft key and say call "so and so" and you can easily dial anyone from your contacts list without having to pre- record their name.Games: Love em! Especially Word Mole.Email: Awesome! But thats typical for Blackberrys. But once again that keyboard will definitly slow your typing speed and acuracy down alot so if you have a lot to say in a short amount of time use your desktop.Call sound/Quality: Speakerphone is choppy although its nice and loud. Answering the phone can be hard sometimes. On several occasions I've pressed the answer button both on the touch screen and the regular key and both were unresponsive and the phone just kept ringing like I had never answered it and eventually sent the person to voicemail. Another extremly frustrating and inconvienient thing to have to deal with.Battery: Not so hot. Ok if you aren't signed into any web based applications, but still plan on charging a full charge before you leave in everyday.Picture Quality: Excellent! Just as the say it is.Overall:Pros: Picture Quality, Browser, Email, Games, Instant MessagingCons: Keyboard, Sluggish switching from screen to screen, freezes during Media applications, Lenghty Reboot, Answering CallsIn conclusion..I feel that Blackberry should have let this cook in the oven a little longer before releasing it. Don't take advantage of your customers and try to get it out in time for the holiday rush if you know it still has all these glitches. And I'm sorry but Blackberry had to know about these before they released it. I don't believe that they didnt. So for now I'm going to the curve, maybe not so fancy but I've had one before with At&t; and it was more reliable. Can't wait until Verizon gets the Bold, that's the Blackberry I really want!

This is an example of a product being released before it was ready. I purchased the Storm as soon as it came out and have used it for about nine months. I can't count the number of times the phone has locked up, dropped a call, or been impossible to answer. I was a Blackberry fan with simplicity and reliability being key factors. The Storm doesn't offer either.Word Mole is fun and a great way to learn to use the keyboard. Having messages and emails separated was nice compared to the older Blackberry. The browser is nice but many pages still don't render properly due to the size and the lack of usability of some sites.For me, it seemed that at the most critical times the phone locked up. The battery had to be removed and replaced to reset the phone.The phone is also heavy for a portable device. The intent was good with this Blackberry but I believe additional R&D; is necessary prior to another release. For a minute, I thought it was a Microsoft product.

There are good and bad things about the Blackberry Storm.  If you're reading this, chances are you've already researched this phone a bit and you've probably read other reviews.  Obvious comparisons are abound about the Storm vs. the iPhone.  The Storm is a well built phone, but the interface just doesn't compare.Pros:Organizing your life with the Storm is easy.  The calender, alarm, notes, and navigation are a little tough to learn at first, but are easily mastered.  If you have used a Blackberry before, you'll have no trouble picking this up and going on your way.  Hey, this is the main feature of a Blackberry...right?The build of the phone is nice and sturdy.  You don't have to worry about breaking this when you throw it in your pocket.Micro USB standard charger - this means a lot of your electronics will use the same charger.The internet is fast, if you can deal with the touch screen.Jim Halpert is featured on the commercials!  Big tuna.Cons:I've used the iPhone and the LG Dare, so I know touch screen phones.  The Storm is a nightmare to text on.The touch screen clicking takes a bit to get used to.  I didn't like it, although I'm sure some will.  When I highlight an application, I expect it to open...I don't expect to have to highlight something, THEN click it again.No built in internal memory - you'll need to pick up a micro SD card if you want to put videos or music on there.The screen isn't as impressive looking as either it's touch screen counterpart the iPhone or it's AT&T; brother, the Bold.The bottom line is - if you can get used to the touch screen, this will be a fine phone for you.  I didn't like the touch screen, so most of the features didn't do what I needed them to.  This phone is just too young - wait for the next version.

RIM was way too hasty in getting this phone to market.  It is extremely slow at opening all applications, even compared with three year old models of Blackberry Phones.  Lots of glitches with the keyboards, the accelerometer, and applications crashing.  The phone would often drop calls and loose reception just as you are trying to load a page or reply to a text.But by far the worst part of this phone is the screen, which makes quick typing w/ any accuracy impossible.  the fact that you need to click the screen down for each letter means you cannot begin pressing the next letter until you have allowed the screen to move fully into the up position.  so if you like to type quickly this will really bug you.  The blue haze which is supposed to let you know whhich letter you are on is completely useless and often misleading since it lags your finger position.  The software on the iphone which shows the letter above your finger on the screen as you touch would be a nice addition to this phone.Overall VERY Disappointed, RIM needs to rethink this one  Returned the phone after 4 days.

The storm is by far the most satisfying phone i've ever owned. With that said, it took a lil effort to get it there. When you first purchase the phone. You'll notice the lag of the OS. (Can't miss it) Everything you want to do, down to making phone calls becomes a hassle as you wait for the phone to respond. When the Storm does what the storm is supposed to do it's a great device. I recommend anyone thats serious about purchasing a Storm check out Crackberry.com prior to their purchase. You can see issues that most have, the remedies, and work-arounds. With an OS update, pretty much all of my issues i had with the Storm were taken care of. These are NOT official OS updates. As verizon has not released an Official update to the OS that ships with the Storm. Hope I helped!!

This phone looks nice on tv and it draws you in when you see all the neat features however, I have only had this phone for about a month and the phone has already froze up on me twice.  I had to remove the battery and put it back in in order for it to start again.  I have a friend who has the same exact phone and his crashed completely.  He had to call Verizon and they replaced the phone immediately.  I hope that I dont have that to look forward too.

Pass on this beta product and get another phone or blackberry.I've had the Blackberry Storm for over 6months.  Initially was intrigued by the touchscreen - but the newness has worn off.  Verizon and RIM have yet to issue an update [its the end of May 2009] while other carriers have issued newer versions of the operating system software.Yes, it does have copy and paste which the iPhone doesn't have - but I can almost never get the cursor into the right position to actually cut and paste what I need [apple's approach to highlighting things - as in the safari browser window would be appreciated].  So I end up retyping most thingsThis thing has a memory leak like a sieve.  It needs a battery pull at least daily to restore the usable memory - if not it will have ZERO memory available and it will bog down and run VERY SLOWLY [ie switching between apps].The accelerometer is also slow - but how much of this is due to the memory leak slowing it down.....don't know.There are more apps coming online [small plus]Verizon's vaunted network is HORRIBLE where I live [but is ok when I travel] - I'd like to see the network guy and the network follow me at my kids ball games and have the 'service' drop out.Also the apple/mac sync software is barebones and really isn't very good, either.

I bought the Storm on the Verizon network due to excellent international capabilities and network coverage in the US. I thought about the iPhone but AT&T; coverage in my area is spotty.I find the Storm to be very fiddly. I am not a fan of the Storm's touch screen, and for typing it is a major headache.  I try to avoid using it for emails now, which basically defeats the purpose.  It also has major delays (for example, if I have not used the phone for a couple of hours, and I have an incoming call, often the little "clock symbol" pops up in the middle of the screen which means you can't do anything with the phone until it stops.  Which means I miss my calls).  This seems to be rectified (somewhat) by removing the battery once a day, but that's a bit of a silly way to keep your phone working properly.I don't hate the phone, and it has its advantages for travel, etc.  But I think they need to improve the responsiveness of the touch screen and work out these delay-causing kinks.  (sorry, I'm not very technical, not sure of the correct verbage!)I'm middle of the road on this phone - I wouldn't tell people not to buy it, but I would suggest they use it in the store for a bit to make sure they like the touch screen typing.For myself I will go with a more traditional keypad in the future, unless BB makes improvements on the touch screen - though I have two years to wait now!***Not even two months later and I am editing this review.  The Storm is dreadful and will not work over 50% of the time it is turned on.  The touch pad constantly malfunctions.  Humidity seems to cause the problems.  Kind of silly to have a phone that cannot handle simple humidity.Really, do not buy this phone.  It is so not worth the money.

Ok, I have had this phone for about two weeks now.. its amazing. I do believe this is the true iPhone killer. TO start, its on the Verizon network which is JD Power and Assoc. #1 Rated wireless network over.. AT&T; simply can't compete with the speed, power, coverage, and customer support.As a phone this kills the iPhone again thanks to the amazing call quality, speakerphone, bluetooth support, and the network for lack of dropped calls. to add, bluetooth is stereo supported with excellent sound quality on my Motorola Bluetooth headphones that I listen to music with, and my Cheapie Motorola Bluetooth Headset from my last phones LG Voyager and LG VX8300. This is my first BlackBerry, the trackball always turned me off from them. The touch screen is very sensitive and very smooth, I haven't updated to the newest latest official software update yet. My only complaint is the accelerometer lag, which to me.. isn't a big enough deal to break the love with the phone for me. The included removable and upgradable to 16Gb, 8GB MicroSD card is another sweet deal on top of the 1GB built-in memory.Final-Breakdown:This is the real iPhone killer.. the only real features this phone doesn't have is the wifi.. but most of the people I know with an iPhone, don't use the wifi.. since they generally have data plans. This phone has a 3.2MP camera with video, copy/paste ability, MMS capability, all things that trump the iPod with a phone.. because face it, that's all the iPhone really is.While the iPhone has a slightly more aesthetic value to the O/S.. I will give it that. Its only a matter of time before Bplay and RIM offer manipulations to the GUI for the BB Storm's Theme interface. IN fact there are already clone themes for the blackberry O/S to look like the iPhone, plus many others, soon to be in development for the Storm's version of the O/S.This device screams past my requirements and expectations as a phone, internet/email device, messaging device, and media player. It gets a 10 out of 10 in my book, hands down.

I just bought this phone after the keys kept sticking on my Curve. I had read all the bad reviews and decided to try it anyway--with Verizon you have 30 days to try it and return if you don't like.  I have to say I love this phone!  Right out the box from Verizon it had the older OS on it, even though the rep told me was up to date.  No big deal, took me 30 minutes or less to download .148, the new OS.  I have seen none of the lag problems that people complain about.  The camera takes awesome pics, and the larger screen is crystal clear.  I am already getting better with the touch screen.  My brother has the iPhone and said even on that it took him a few weeks to get used to typing on it.  Would I consider the iPhone if my work email was compatible?  Maybe.  But I am more than satisfied with the Storm after a week of using it!  I definitely would recommend it.

BlackBerry Storm is like a beautiful woman with a personality disorder: It will charm you with its gorgeous screen but make your life difficult with slow & buggy software that constantly freezes! Like you have an urgent call to make and phone is locked up for 2 minutes!BlackBerry Storm has hung up 3 times in one week that I have had it compared to my previous Palm Treo 755p which did that only twice in last one year. Once it freezes, you have to remove the cover,  take the battery out and put it back in and then it takes 2-3 minutes to boot up. Buggy & sluggish software feels like Windows Mobile rather than Palm or iPhone.Pros:1.Beautiful high resolution screen2.Very Good email device3.Great Verizon coverage and better voice compared to other networks.4.Fast 3G compared to iPhone although browser is not as good.5. Bluetooth modem tethers and works well but I got download speed of 198 Kbs compared to 700-900 Kbs that I used to get with Treo 755p through the cable.Cons:1.Half baked software that freezes a lot.2.Very sluggish software, takes a while to respond - compared to Treo 755p & iPhone.3.User interface nowhere close to user friendliness and slickness of iPhone or Palm Treo 755p. You have to go through several menus and taps to do simple things for example you have to go through two screens and taps to put phone in vibrate mode.4.Voice quality inferior than Palm Treo 755p but better than iPhone.5.Poor desktop sync software. On Mac it either syncs contacts & calendar with PocketMac; or the media with iTunes with MediaSync- not both. And once you install MediaSync, you cannot use PocketMac!6.Only syncs playlists, not Podcasts.7.Unable to play audiobooks from Audible.com, as of February 2009.8.Does not fast forward or reverse audio or video.9.Long shutter lag with camera and even though it is supposed to be 3.2 megapixel, picture quality is not very good.10.No Wi-Fi.11.Fairly heavy at 155 gm and not easily pocketable like Palm Centro.12.Bluetooth plays stereo but constantly disconnects.13. Accelerometer very sensitive, keeps changing keyboard from portrait to landscape and vice versa even when you do not want to.BlackBerry Storm replaced my Palm Treo 755p which I really liked except for its bulk, browser and lack of Wi-Fi. I was hoping to replace  2 devices - Treo 755p &  iPod - with Storm but its software is buggy & sluggish and voice quality poor compared to Palm Treo 755p; and media player does not sync Podcasts and play as well as iPod.  After using BlackBerry Storm for 2 weeks, I returned it in my 30 day trial period and replaced it with a snappy Palm Centro that responds instantly to pressing the button. And now using Storm seems like a bad nightmare!

...well using this is not even close to being as easy as they show in the commercial (a commercial being deceptive, who'd of thought?).  The whole OS for this thing is very flaky (and yes, I purchased this in February of 2009).  Here are my gripes:1. The pointer/cursor disappears when you need it.2. Movement around the web browser is very sluggish.  Mind you, this is happens on websites that are built for mobile web browsers.3. The pointer/cursor will often show a magnifying glass while over a clickable button.4. Touching the screen sometimes makes you zoom, when what you wanted to do was pan.5. I tried to edit an Excel sheet in it.  It was nowhere as easy as it is to do with a PDA with Windows Mobile.  In fact, I couldn't edit the sheet at all.  It kept giving me an error message regarding an unsupported formula.  The unsupported formula was "TEXT", which is a basic Excel formula.6. You click the send button on a phone message, and all it does is take you to the phone screen, where you have to type in the phone number/address (from memory).  On most phones, you click the send button on any phone message, it starts a call to that person.7. The VZ Navigator, one real advantage over the iPhone, costs 10 dollars a month extra.8. No wifi.9. With the SurePress feature, it takes me longer to type out a message than if I had used the regular keyboard.  In fact, I have to struggle just to get it to type one word.  If someone out there knows of a good tutorial on how to use this (not the one that verizon/RIM gives), I would like to know.  As it stands right now I can't use SurePress.10. There are no keys on the keyboard that allow you to move the cursor within the text field.  If you mistype something in a message or field, you have to delete all the text right up to the point of the error.11. The selection mode is, once again, flaky and difficult to use.12. When transitioning between portrait and landscape, the screen will sometimes lock up on me.  It will also give me portrait when I clearly have the phone in landscape and vice versa.  I have found that shaking it sometimes gets it properly oriented.If many of the problems above are due to me not being acclimated to the OS, then I think that RIM should have some sort of physical tutorial on how to use their OS.  I've had this phone for 3 weeks now and it is still very difficult for me to use for many of its features.I wish I would have gotten the iPhone instead.

I foolishly figured I would be different...they would have fixed the problems by the time I got my two BB Storms last week (Feb 09). Yes, I got latest generation with the latest version.WRONG!!!These phones are the most bug-riddled electronics I have ever purchased:Ringer goes silent on its own, miss calls all day long.Constant lock-ups.Hard reset by removing battery ten times a day.Sloooooooooooooooow response to key presses.Press one key, another responds.Nothing short of complete trash.Oh, and these $500+ phones don't come with User Manuals. You have to use the CD version. So sitting down and reading through the manual ain't happening.Both are going back tomorrow.  Beleive all the negative comments you read about these phones.  Maybe by version 10.0 of the software the phones will be tolerable, but at 3.02 now, they are nothing more than a brick.OLT: It is a shame I have to give these phones at least one star to leave a comment. They deserve ZERO.

The Storm? is it worth it for the new user?In a nutshell the answer is yes. As a non blackberry user I will say no matter what device I picked up it would take both time and effort to get it both setup - synced and also get used to the interface.The Blackberry platform in general is very business oriented. This is not an issue for me as I have a business lifestyle and multiple email accounts across multiple companies as well as a couple personal ones I like to check daily. Thou I will admit I am somewhat jaded by my IPod Touch I have because my previous Verizon phone really only could be used for calls and not much else - well it supposedly had other features but in general they were all so terrible I just gave up and decided to get the Touch to solve my multimedia needs where as the phone would remain a phone.I went into my purchase of the phone with an open attitude and the knowledge that more than likely I would be in for some hiccups in software as we early adopters should get used too.It all began at 12:01 on the day it was released where I hit the refresh button to find that the Verizon site was broken. (Awesome Start) - Let me clear the air on this issue thou I am not usually a wait in a line or wait up till it releases kind of person - I just happened to be up late and said what the heck I will buy it now... well buy it I did approximately an hour later when the site finally started to offer the unit in their shopping cart. Scheduled for FREE next day delivery I awaited the arrival of the phone.So no phone arrived but I did get a nice follow up email that explained that due to demand (and for what we found out later was a small firmware labeling issue) the phone would be delayed till the 8th. Well the short of it was that Verizon must have burned the midnight oil on the release because it showed up 3 days early on the 5th and now it is up and running. But lets look at setup for a minute because for the new user its, well, less that perfect.So let me save new users some time and headaches. If you use outlook - Go there now and take a close look at your contact list - And let me be clear that if you use multiple contact lists it could be an issue. I have not yet found a way to sync multiple contact lists from outlook to the phone (I have to be missing something major - so if you know how please pass it along) I fixed this by just copying the contact to the main contacts folder and then the nightmare began. So you think your contacts are nice and full of information right up till you sync the phone - then you find out how just putting in someone's first name and phone can get a tad bit confusing. So the motto would be fix your contact lists and update them before you sync for the first time, or sync and be prepared to make changes later._____________________________________________________________________Tip#1 - If you are a Gmail user you can download a slick free app from:[...]Info:Synchronize the built-in calendar and address book on your BlackBerry with your Google account over the air!Get your Google Calendar events to your deviceSynchronize your Gmail contactsBe alerted for upcoming appointments with sound and vibration using your BlackBerry's native calendar____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Tip#2 - The Blackberry Desktop ApplicationInfo:Amazingly with some previous nightmare desktop sync applications under my belt the new interface / sync application really works well - Just make sure that you follow the instructions for setup and follow them closely._______________________________________________________________________The above tip after a bit of messing with Gmail and cleaning up my outlook contacts really helped speed along the contact update process. Thou I have been just testing using Google Calendar I have also found a way to sync Google Calendar to Outlook and Outlook to my ACT database and thus in a perfect if the internet aligns properly and all the syncs work it should be updated in all locations. That syncing process in an entire article in itself.Negatives so far:Phone on the first version of software was slow and in some cases really just did not want to play well when using some aspects of the interface.Latest version that was released fixed many of those issuesAccelerometer is still - well - lame at best and they really need to get that software worked out - sometimes it works and other times it just does not want to work at all. It is slow to react and the transition from portrait to landscape just is terrible (Oh wait I mean utilitarian) IPod Touch and Iphone you have Storm beat for sexy interface. Yet in most cases the Strom really does get the job done. I also want to mention that the accelerometer really seems to have the most issues when transitioning from a lying flat position, like on your desk to a vertical then portrait or landscape view. Might just be me but in most cases it takes time for it to figure out where in the air it is... Almost like you startled it out of bed and it needs a second to ask itself: "Where am I?"There have been complaints online about the light leakage around the screen and it is definitely apparent. You can see it and if you are in a dark room it looks like a picture frame. This is clearly a build issue that will not be fixed easily. It can be diminished by just dimming the screen but mine like to auto dim etc and in the end it a fight to fight it so I just deal with the small light leakage issues. The screen in general is really nice - just play the video sample that comes with it and you will see the quality. I for one do not spend much if any time watching movies on my phone and if I do its short and I just will not care about overall quality.I want to set this negative off from the rest because its related to the cases provided so far - They are horrible. You have the options of the silicon case or some of the leather cases that go on your belt. Yeh ummm... Leather is not my style so I opted for the silicon case and I have to say that the first version of these are not designed well. The case is flimsy and I do not know how people test cases but its a touch device - If you touch it it gets fingerprints and you will need to wipe the crud off at some point - with the silicon case that fits like a floppy flyer you will more than likely wrap the case around the back of the phone when you go to wipe it off. They REALLY need to make better case options and I hope for the aftermarket to catch up with that aspect of the Storm. First version blows but its all you can get so get something or be careful and forget the case.Let's move on to applications:Overview:Here is where in my opinion the Storm has a ton of catching up to do and might never actually be able to pull it off. With the IPod Touch you have access to ever app you can ever imagine and most, at least the ones for things like Facebook, Myspace, Flickr etc are so much better on the Apple platform it is just sad. Not to say that RIM did not try to get something for us to use as they do have an App Store - It currently has 9 Aps in it and 4 of those are IM clients (Man do we need a good all in one free IM application). In general all the aps are greatly limited and for the most part make me not even want to use them as I am more worried they will not allow me to do what I want or they are so hard to use that its easier to wait till I get to a laptop or desktop to check. There are also multiple work arounds for almost all the aps by just using the mobile versions of the sites. So do not despair if you need your fixes - with the new browser and some patience you can always get to do what you want if you are willing.RSS Readers:I am a huge fan of RSS feeds - I think the advent of Google Reader added to my daily things to do has haled the time to stay on top of current issues and events. How bummed was I that I was using what could be called a beautiful interface on the IPod Touch to now be relegated to the more "Utilitarian" version for the normal mobile user.You can see the Google interface here:[...]When logged in you will see your feeds. To me this view is less than desirable as I monitor a ton of feeds and this just shows the top of latest.If you go here: [...]Then you get a list of your actual subscriptions and it is much easier to use. There are still too many steps and adding a Star to items is less that perfect but maybe Google already is designing a better mobile interface more like the one supported for the Iphone and IPod. (Let Us all hope)There are definitely many more application out there but for the fear of breaking the new device I will keep it minimal for the time and get used to the email deluge each day. Setting up initial email is interesting especially if you have multiple accts you want to monitor. That said - figure out a strategy or simply load each account separately and it will not be a much a nightmare as forwarding all your accounts to one acct then having twice as much email to look over at the end of the day. Trust me on that one... Having 400 emails in the morning done - then moving to a mobile day to look at the Storm and see 400 unanswered emails is not the way to start a Monday.Visual Voice Mail:This is one added service I suggest you get. It really is nice to be able to do all the items you can from the application. Its more money but worth it in my opinion.TwitterBerry (For the Twitter User:Links: [...]In Summary (At least up till this point):I am pretty happy with the device in general - there are things I would love to see released now and I know I will have to wait for but eventually all the applications will catch up, the case options will catch up and my fingers will figure out how in the heck to use the Blackberry Sure type keyboard (That is the strangest thing I have ever used)I will go up against the critics that compare it to the Iphone of today as the Iphone of today is multiple software revisions and an entire model revised. Will there ever be a large an application store, I highly doubt it, but for most the aps will be in place that they need. At least at my place of work playing games is somewhat frowned upon when trying to talk to customers.So if you are looking for a nice phone that can also give you decent media player options with most if not all of the standard blackberry options then this is definitely a phone to look at.... but as always - hit the store and pick it up... and play with it first, but understand if you are not used to on screen touch typing it will take time to get used to the interface.On that note and something I have refrained from talking about till now is the Touch / Click interface. The internet has been buzzing with negative about it and I will stand my ground saying I actually like the interface yet I do not like at least up to this point the software based around the interface - It is so close to being good - I think in another tweak or two of updates it might really get refined. As for the click the screen - I rather like knowing that I clicked it. You must get used to how the unit operates and expects input or you will fight it for days. Read the manual - it actually gives allot of pointers for how to make this transition much easier.More to come as I use it more - Unlike allot of the reviewers out there that pick it up for 5 minutes then voice their opinion - I will be using mine daily for everything I can get it to do without melting down or causing me to mortgage my home to pay for the bill.

I have played with the iPhone, mostly when friends put theirs down and I started to mess with apps or oogled the rotating screen, or while loading music or video for long drives, but the iPhone was just that: a toy. I contemplated getting one and was conflicted between using an upgrade to get the Storm or switching to AT&T; to get the iPhone. Luckily, a friend of mine talked me out of getting the iPhone (then after messing around my new Blackberry Storm the day I purchased it, he made the switch the very next day as well).-Learning Curve: if you are an iPhone user it may take some time getting used to the Blackberry Storm, but having never owned an iPhone, I found the Storm itself incredibly easy and intuitive to use.-Stability: I hear nothing but complaints from friends and family over the iPhone constantly crashing, dropping calls, and losing outgoing emails or texts. This Blackberry storm has been incredibly stable and reliable, and I generally have better reception with it in most areas than iPhones when I compare bars and call quality with friends and family. Part of that is the more stable Verizon Network I use as compared to AT&T;, and part is the phone itself, since I've heard Blackberry's on the AT&T; network are much more stable than iPhones as well. Something about either the iPhone's hardware or software is incredibly unreliable and buggy.-Messaging: Within a few days I fell in love with the ability to view and manage email with my Blackberry and rarely have to check my email from home or work. Anyone that has ever used a Blackberry probably already knows all about this, but it was an eye opener for me. I doubt I will ever be able to go back to a regular phone.-Software: First, the software that came with my Blackberry does not work with Vista, so you have to go find it online and download, which was a minor annoyance. The software is a bit sparse and tougher to figure out how to use all the options than the iPhone, but it does seem to give you a lot more control once you have it all figured out.-Media: The Roxio media Manager is slow as molasses, so I don't recommend it for anything other than converting video to MP4 if you have nothing else to do that with. The great thing though, is that there is a Media Sync that you can use with your iTunes playlists. All you do is setup a playlist in iTunes and then you can sync it with your Storm when connected to your computer. You can even sync your entire library. The only problem is that you cannot use this to sync video (at least I haven't found a way to do that yet). Transferring music and video to the iPhone is hands down easier. On the other hand the video picture quality on the Storm absolutely blows the iPhone away. Something about the screen is simply superior (it also handles sunlight much better, so you aren't left running for shade when watching video or messaging).-Apps: This is where the iPhone really shines, and why I consider it more of a toy. The Storm's apps are blown away on every level, but then again the iPhone has had a lot more time. I really hope more apps are added as time goes by, because things like Yelp and movie times would be nice to have at your finger tips. I do find the maps and GPS navigation on the Blackberry to be comparable to the iPhone, so perhaps as time goes by we can expect some more decent apps to come down the pipeline.-Voice Quality: It can often be tough for people to hear me unless I speak directly into the mouth piece (which pulls the phone away from my ear so I can't hear them), but the iPhone is even worse. Most people I know with iPhones have to use a headset just to have conversations with people.-Other thoughts: Get the screen covers. I thought I screwed up my screen for life when I used a 5 year old monitor wipe on it without realizing how old the thing was, and left it scratched up. Fortunately they provided a screen cover for me when I bought the phone (they did not inform me of this) and my screen was perfectly fine underneath. I bought a bunch more and just replace them every once in a while (a standard LCD microfiber cloth is all you need to clean the covers, and often they come with one).

I am extremely disappointed in this phone.  This is my first BlackBerry and I regret the purchase.  The touchscreen keyboard is very frustrating to use and it completely mitigates the other features that may be exemplary.  I am considering trading it in before my 30 day period expires.The touchscreen keyboard is slow and my life is fast.  I cannot quickly respond to a text or email because of many mis-punches on the keyboard or because I am being so overtly careful as I type.  I do not recommend this phone for anyone who loves to shoot out a quick text or email.

I'll give you three "P"s for that "O"I got to spend an hour in the Verizon store today waiting to return a headset that I was mistakenly told would work with my brand new Blackberry, that being the Curve and not the Storm, which it turns out is beyond the capabilities of a 43 year old, far-sighted woman, who did not graduate with honors from MIT.I should have known when I was talking to the probably 24 year old male customer service agent that "storm" and I were not going to go long term because when I asked why he thought it was a good idea to hook up with this particular blackberry, he told me it was because it was:Customer Service Rep: "Awesome" and "The Best one ever."Now, this is not to say that the "Storm" is not a wonderful device for some.  If you are one of those people who love spend your time doing things like pressing the letter P over and over and over again even though you really want the letter "O" or like to draft an email only to lose it because you tilted the f**er thing eeevvver soooo slightly to the left, well then don't walk, run, my friend as I know for sure at this moment that in L.A. proper there is at least one "storm" waiting around with your name on it, well IF your name has a lot of "P"'s in it that is.....

I have owned mine for two months now and have very little to complain about. I love the true touch typing. I have tried typing on the iphone and it really does suck. I love the fact that it uses Verizon and not AT&T.; I know plenty of people with the iPhone 3G in Washington, DC and the coverage is terrible.Bottom line it is great for e-mail, perfectly fine for playing music, other media. It does a pretty good job of rendering web pages. It isn't as good as the iPhone browser, but nothing out there is. Of course it doesn't have all the cool apps and the app store (yet), but I find that a nuisance more than anything. WiFi would be nice, but I really haven't had a need for it yet.Again, bottom line is that the iPhone is a toy and the Storm is a professional's tool. If you need a device to reliably get e-mail off any type network get the Blackberry. If you want a toy to surf the internet get the iPhone. I love the Storm. I really can't complain about it.

I've wanted a Blackberry to use as both phone and PDA for some time.  I realized that the PDA software support was lagging, but I thought it was catching up.  Not.I'm so so pissed off at this device.  I try to access websites that both Firefox and IE can load on any PC and I get error messages (.  I realized that medical software had not yet been ported.  I didn't realize that the internet as it exists on PCs and Macs would not exist either.  Blackberry is not complying with Open Source.  It's a mistake microsoft made.  I'm seeing a lot of arrogance here in expecting the world to comply with a new device.This is unacceptable.  The Storm was released way ahead of schedule. Where do I return it?EDIT 11/3/09:I've completely changed my mind about the Storm.  Successive OS software releases have made the phone better and better.  I have all the software I need (expect maybe a Kindle reader) and the phone is stable.Typing on the virtual keyboard is greatly improved.  I can type quite quickly on it.The radio is 100% reliable.  Memory is stable (this is application dependent).  Battery life is OK.  I'm happy to keep it for another year.  Maybe even beyond that if there's not something better.

I bought this phone when it first came out, man, I was counting the days until my contract was up! The touchscreen is the worst! There are many features this phone doesn't have. Lucky for me it broke and I was able to replace it with the Tour. The software is the same but has a regular keyboard and is easier to use. The storm also crashes a lot!

Nice try, RIM.So much to say about this phone, but not much that hasn't already been said.  After 10 years of relatively good service, I switched from T-mobile, to Verizon for this phone - terrible decision.  So much potential with the Storm but such horrible, horrible execution. I'm not sure there's a single function that works terribly well. Of the 7 or so phones I've had over the last 10 years, the Storm, without a doubt, performs the worst.  Unfortunately, I am now stuck with this phone, or a refurbished version of the same thing, for the next 2 years unless I want to buy out of my contract, or pay full retail for another phone.Just talking about this thing stresses me out.

The phone is in BAD condition NOT like new. Waste of money! This phone does not work well at all. I am going to need to buy a new phone again soon because the condition of this phone is so bad.

Its cool. I first couldn't appreciate the tools till I change my orientation from BB 9900 I was using before. Its equally okay as a transition before I will get 9900 back.

What is the USB good for in this device? Can you connect the Web Cam, External USB drive, USB hub, a USB Printer?What about a camera or a high precision GPS?Also, can I use Gizmo over WIFI to make free calls when in WIFI range?

If  you are a QWERTY keyboard typer and understand the whole asdf, jkl; type of keyboard set up, this phone has a perfect keyboard that you can't skip a beat on.  This phone is a patient phone as there are some many features and you have to be confident with the phone, when you select a menu once, and then hit return 5 times or select another menu when the first one is trying to load, just like a desktop computer it will get a little lathargic on you, take a breath of fresh air, be patient, now proceed.  This phone is a phenomenon, I love it and it's the best phone I've owned, it got the media basis for games, music, movies, and fun, and also so many 3rd party people making a slew of awesome extra apps for the phone from, Pac Man to Slacker Radio, but the phone still retains that Harvard, Yale Blackberry cell phone image of class and sophistication, I love the phone and if you buy this remember it's a smart phone so read the manual and tech guides and ask a Tech at Verizon about the phone as it does require some daily maintenance like setting your phone to automatically shut down all the way for a few hours daily while you sleep so that it can reboot, I have done this feature and my phone works perfectly.

I recently purchased the Blackberry Storm after carefully reviewing similar products available such as the IPOD Touch, Motorola Krave, etc.  The Blackberry is by far the much better choice.  It feels great in my hands and has fantastic response time.  I'm not experiencing any of the slow reactions that one blogger recently documented concerning the Storm.  If surfing the internet is what one wants to do, it's done very easily and quickly.  I like the way in which the screen orients itself when the user tilts it to landscape left or right.  Folks, touch screen phones are the way of the future--What better way to stay in the loop with a quality device from the premier manufacturer of smartphones today?  Blackberry forever!

First of all, I am a gadget-freak and I think that the BB (other than the Storm) is, hands-down, the best phone/email device ever.  Nothing even comes close.  RIM decided to step outside their core competence (not a bad thing) and developed a cool concept, but unfortunately, the execution was incredibly poor.In short, as long as you don't have to type anything, i.e. the interaction is one-way from the device to you (as in browsing), the device is phenomenal.  Browsing and media capabilities are fantastic whereas phone and email capabilities positively suck.The click-screen is a nightmare to use.  It slows you down significantly - you have to wait until you the screen is fully depressed until you can press another key. If you have fat fingers like I do, you will use the backspace key more than any other key.To make a phone call using the other BB devices, you would either type in the name of the person you want to call or simply dial the number. With the Storm, if you want to dial by name, you have to first go to the Address Book (a tab in the phone screen) and then do so using a Pearl-style keyboard. Incredibly frustrating.A good thing that came of my using the Storm for two weeks before I returned it for a Curve is that I found typing to be so freaking frustrating that I simply began responding to emails either in person or by calling the sender.  Another good thing, I found myself not checking or responding to emails while driving. So, I guess there is a silver lining in the Storm cloud.  Yes, cheesy, I know.

If you have never owned a Blackberry, you might like this phone.  As stated, typing can be frustrating to the point of chucking the thing against a wall.  I had a Curve prior to the Storm.  I used the Storm for two weeks and basically hated it, it seems like all the simple logic in the Curve were left out, or were totally hidden in the Storm.  The phone was returned to Verizon in two weeks and I switched back to ATT and the Bold (which is the way a Blackberry should be !!!).

I keep debating whether or not to pay the ridiculous fee to downgrade. I definitely do NOT get my money's worth each month. I have to constantly take out the battery to reboot it because it freezes all the time. I miss calls on a regular basis, sometimes calls don't even show up in caller ID and go straight to voicemail. There tends to be a tinny ambiance when talking on the phone and can be hard to hold a conversation. I can charge the battery all night, and 10 minutes after taking it off the charger, it's already down a bar. Sometimes I charge it all night and it doesn't even charge at all. Many websites for the internet require Flash player, which I have yet to find an app for with the BB Storm. There aren't too many free apps available either. The camera sometimes pops up for no reason at all or the screen just goes blank or gets "glittery." The camera sucks. You push the button and have to wait 2-3 seconds for it to take the photo. Sometimes my custom alerts don't work, and the default sound plays. I have yet to figure out how to get the voicemail to stop from automatically entering my password. Why bother having a password if the vm is going to enter it for you? I wish it had a normal mini-USB port, but then again, it's all about making money by having its own port. I had to buy a new car jack (which didn't last long, and I can't take it back now) since the only one I had was a mini-USB. I have a Mac, and the CD software that comes with the BB Storm doesn't work on it, so I had to go searching on the BB website for software. I think truly the only thing I like about it is that I don't have to be in a wi-fi hot spot to use the internet, I can get my email, and I can attend to my Facebook addiction. I also enjoy the screen quality since I am a photographer and keep some sample images on my BB Storm to show people.

The 9530 did have some serious problems when it was first released. However, it runs great with OS 4.7...and even better with OS 5.0 I love my Storm and recommend it very strongly.

The Storm has plenty of potential, but they obviously wanted to get this out the door as soon as they possibly could. Way too many bugs. Typing is a killer as it is always turning the keyboard off seemingly at random. I keep think I'm hitting some secret button to tell the keyboard to go away, but even when I slow my typing way down and carefully check each keystroke, it will suddenly disappear.It has locked up on me a few times requiring battery removal to reboot. You need to hold the phone carefully to keep from accidently hitting a button on the touchscreen with your cheek that may either mute you or switch to speaker phone. Sometimes the speaker phone activates without me touching a thing and then I'll set the phone down on my desk and use it as a speaker phone when it will suddenly go back to handset mode without me even touching it!The camera always delays several seconds before snapping a picture. It's worthless for trying to take any shot where kids/pets/anyone without patience is involved.Yesterday starting out with a full charge the phone was barely discharged by bedtime. Today is a virtually identical day, same usage, same office, etc and by noon the battery is 2/3 drained. Why? I have no idea.The browser is VERY slow, even on a 3G network. Also, several web sites won't work including Netsuite.Finally, hitting the right menu item is very difficult. Even when you are careful to make sure the thing you want is highlighted, the key press will often take you to an adjacent item.The good: Visual voice mail. Very nice.I really wanted this thing to work, but it looks like I'll be taking it back. I may hold out for most of my 30 day return period in the hopes of some magical software update, but I won't be holding my breath.

If you love blackberry than you will love this phone. awesome screen and features like navigation which is an extra cost item along with visual voice mail. Great features just not includd in amazon unlimited cell monthly fee.

So far I love it. The salesperson I dealt with today was wonderful. He explained everything to me today and guided me through the process. He set everything up for me and transfered everything from my old phone to my Storm. I find it real easy to use, so the touchscreen doesn't bother me. This is my frst blackberry and touch screen phone. Even my classmate was able to master the touch screen in a few mintues. It took me 30 mins or less to figure out how to text on it. ALso depending on which keyboard I want, I just turn my phone that way.One thing the sales person did tell me was that to make sure I close out whatever I was doing, just don't push the end button, it could really slow your phone down. Also if you go on facebook don't stay signed on forever because your battery could drain from friends constantly updating.I found browsing the Web easy too. To make it bigger all I hbvae to do is tap the screen or push the zoom button. The camera was easy for me too.I also got the cradle charger and I love it.I think people need to stop comparing it to the Iphone and just accept it for what it is. If you want an IPhone need to switch over to AT&T;.

I am so glad that I ignored negative feedbacks but went with my instinct. If you know how to use this device, you will Absolutly love it.

The eagerly awaited BlackBerry Storm 9530 is a serious contendor in the cell phone marketplace. With so many new varities available (and the iPhone taking the lead) it manages to take the best from the iPhone while retaining the BlackBerry features most users prefer.It's strong suits are the clear, crisp display and the exceptional audio quality. Whether you are using it as a phone or a MP3 player, the Storm performs magnificently.  The camera is also quite good and even has some basic but very necessary (and appreciated) cropping features.The Storm, however, falls short in its sensitivity issues. Typing on the keyboard (especially in PORTRAIT view) is a nightmare as it is quite determined to enter the word it wants to, not the one the inputter has in mind. Also in need of improvement is the fact that it settles on a view mode (let's say LANDSCAPE) and it is quite a hassle to change it to PORTRAIT (or vice-versa). This manages to frustrate the user and wastes valuable time. Another negative flaw (and one that I am sure BlackBerry will correct), is the touch screen.  While a slight jar will move the screen view from Portrait to Landscape, it sometimes takes several attempts to get a response when you click on a SAVE or CANCEL button.  I'm afraid that all the jabbing (quite hard at times) will damage the screen. Also, there have been many times when I thought the unit had frozen. Nope. It just refused to accept the touch command.On the whole, it is a sturdy unit but it was unrolled too early to really be the kind of the hill.UPDATE:It won me over. It is still a bit "sluggish" at times but I find myself relying more and more upon the STORM.  The typing is still a bit tricky (try it in landscape mode - it's a bit easier) and there are times when the response between pushing the screen icon and the program coming to life make me think the unit is frozen (it's not, just slow) but it is a durable unit and you become quite addicted to after a period of adjustment.

RIM's CEO has indicated to the WSJ that we need to learn to live with buggy OSes on our new devices.  No - no we don't.  The current official OS for the Storm makes the device slow.  Slow to launch applications, slow to transition, has poor memory management, and renders the camera/video camera essentially useless.  Thousands if not tens of thousands, have sought refuge in one or more of the many leaked OSes for the Storm.  While they have sped up the OS and many aspects of the device, they have broken a great deal of the functionality at the same time and all the leaked OSes have been subject to numerous random reboots, and freezes that require the user to pull out the battery to reset the device many times a day.As a long, long, long time BB user I was most disappointed in the keyboard.  It is slow at best, difficult and error prone at worst.  After 6 years with the same BB password and with only 1 or 2 rare occasions in the bitter cold when I made an error entering it; in the  2 months of use, it can still take me 5-6 times each time just to get my p/w right!!  Not to mention how error filled quick e-mail replies have become.  (Quick is btw a misnomer, by the time I fix all the errors, it generally takes me 3-4X as long to send a response.)The Storm is a great idea - poorly executed.  It was to be a marriage of business and consumer oriented desires.  But rather than working together, these 2 sides of the device feel to be in constant conflict.  Neither getting fully what they want and reluctantly make poor compromises.  You will feel like the ignored and torn child of this marriage.And I have not even started on the hardware.  Dust under the screen, screens that do not click consistently in all areas, dead spots on the screen, and some which lose all touch sensitivity.If you ignore me and get this device, you can return it or exchange it as many times as you like in the first 30 days.  Do not wait to do this.  Make sure you get a device that works.  Remember, it is better to come from a broken device than to live with one.

I have had the storm for 6 weeks now. It took a few days to get used to the typing and was a breeze after the learning curve. I have had no lock-ups.Pros: LCD is very crispVerizon 3G networksound is very clear and alerts and ringtones are loudbattery life (I us text, phone, email, and Internet through out the day and need to charge every other day)Browsing is fast and if the link on a page is tiny, I just zoom inRingtones for people in ContactsGreat size - not cumbersome. Light-weightCons:  Not many apps yet.Price dropped after I purchased it (story of my life)I really like this phone.

I've had mine for a week and it is going back.It looks great, has tons of sexy features, it's a real attention getter; but it's useless in real world application. I do a load of e-mail and texting when I'm on the road. That requires a decent keyboard.  The touch screen keyboard on this device is simply unusable for ordinary typing, it does not work.  I thought it might just be me, but many of co-workers and other users I've check with have the same complaint.  Someone in an earlier review said this is "an incredible productivity tool".  I'm not sure how that is true if you can't type on it.  Save yourself the frustration, get one with keys and wait for the next generation of touch screen - hopefully one that works.As an aside, the sound quality from the MP3 player is mediocre. It is okay for speeches and spoken material "books on tape", but lousy for listening to music. My Sansa Clip sounds about 100 times better.  That was not the primary reason I got the phone, however, I was hoping a good built in media player would let me get rid of a standalone MP3 device - one less thing to carry through airport security.  No luck, the sound quality on this is weak and the EQ settings are a joke.Overall a great looking device, very ambitious product, crappy execution; this is not ready for prime time.

I just purchased a BB Storm for $99 from Amazon.  Everything worked perfectly.  The device arrived in two days via Prime, my number ported from Sprint in 3 minutes, and Verizon was excellent in configuring my service plan.  All in all, I can rate the purchase experience very highly.

I have to say, when I ordered my Storm, I really wanted to love it. I have an Apple iTouch and was used to typing on the Apple iPod keyboard. It was quite easy. I also owned a Blackberry Curve and have used Blackberry devices since my original 850 which looked more like a pager.I liked the look of the iPhone, but most of the people I know that have it don't really like the AT&T; service (at lease in the USA.) So the thought of a iPhone like device on the VerizonWireless network, which I've had great experience with, was welcomed with great anticipation. Unfortunately, the Storm turned out to be a dark storm.I'm not going to detail the lockups and problems with the camera starting when pressing keyboard letters. I know these are software problems and will be fixed as RIM releases software patches. But oh, the keyboard. If it had only had a touch screen like the iPod. I found typing on the iPod vs. the Storm to be like night and day. The iPod is smooth, you get the characters you want when you press the virtual keyboard on the screen.With the Storm, there's no predicting what letter will really appear when you press the keys. And after over a week of practice, I experienced almost no improvement. They keyboard just isn't implemented well. Plus, the keys to the far right and left of they keyboard, near the edge of the Storm, sometimes just won't even register they key press unless you press quite hard. I kept debating, how long should I keep it. But after a week, when spending almost 10 minutes typing an e-mail that could easily have been typed on the Curve in less than a minute, sealed the deal. It was time for the Storm to go back.I will agree with most of the comments in the other reviews. If your need is for multimedia or web browsing, the Storm is a good choice. If you need to type information or e-mails, it is not going to be a good fit. And although Verizon Wireless in my opinion is the better wireless service, if you must get a device, I'd really suggest you consider the iPhone. It will do what the Storm does better than the Storm, and with its superior keyboard, it even does e-mail better than the Storm.

Touchscreen is a nuisance, key selected usually lights up the key next to it. It's very slow, it's buggy, it freezes constantly, its message display indicator shows there are still messages when they've already been deleted, the camera is the slowest thing ever (have to hold camera still about 5 seconds after you snap the photo or all you capture is a blur). The Verizon store says to just take the back off the phone every few days and take the battery out to re-boot it; it will run a lot faster, as well as remove the message alerts for non-existant messages. Just the worst piece of electronics ever. If you want a Blackberry, get a Curve.

After six months of suffering through using this phone I've finally resigned myself to the fact that it is a terrible piece of electronic equipment.  The phone freezes up up to six or seven times a day, in which I have to remove the battery to reboot.  Often it takes up to ten minutes for me to make a phone call because the computer is "thinking" - and it occasionally during these periods that it freezes.  My phone calls are sometimes registered in the log and sometimes they do not.  Sometimes when I try to answer the phone, the computer is thinking and I miss the call.  While the interface for my email is excellent, the phone is terrible, the internet is slow and clumsy, and keyboard is also slow and often makes mistakes.  Ever since I downloaded Verizon-Blackberry's latest update software the phone has started jamming more often.  I'm not sure how anyone running a business or in an executive/management position could use this phone and still keep their job or business (I am a college professor so time is not as pressing).  Out of eight phones I've used over the past 12 years this is far and away the worst.  Buyer beware!

I bought the BlackBerry Storm 9530 in February from the Verizon store. Before owning this BlackBerry, I had the Curve 8330. Going from a QWERTY Keyboard BlackBerry to the touchscreen was definitely an adjustment. It does take some getting used to, but once you give it some time, you will definitely love this phone.Pros:-SurePress Touchscreen-Vivid Resolution for photos and videos-8GB MicroSD Card included-With upgraded OS, the BB is quite fast and easy to use-All applications work seamlessly together, increasing productivity and your own happiness :)-Quality MP3 and Video player-Extremely fast internet browser (obviously depending on service in your area)-Definitely easy on the eyes, great conversation starter-All the capabilities of previous BlackBerries, including e-mail, organizational applications, etc.-Verizon Network is by far the best in coverage and customer service (again, this is based upon your area)Cons:-You need to keep up with the leaked OS updates, if you check out CrackBerry, you won't have any issues. If you keep the latest OS upgrades, you will get the full capabilities of the phone.-Takes getting used to if you previously owned a full keyboard phoneOverall:At first I had some trouble adjusting to the touchscreen, especially the fact that it's a SurePress touchscreen, meaning you physically click the screen to select something, but as I played with the device and got used to everything, this is by far the best Smartphone I have ever owned and I believe it was worth every penny.

If you want the Storm for multi-media capability for the camera, your music, pictures, videos,etc. do all of us business people a favor and buy the iPhone. BlackBerry is watering down [and I might add slowing down] its new units to appeal to those of you who have a 14 yr old mentality and just want to justify trying every new cool thing out of the box. Frankly we would prefer that you buy something else so that the phones that we have relied upon and need aren't further corrupted by all of the silly add ons that 14 yr old "need."The Storm is a great unit in theory but it is disappointing because of its slowness and all of the 14 yr old mentality add ons that will eventually kill it. I don't know if the huge amount of inane emails and text messages from children will kill the effectiveness of its email forwarding/receiving, but there is bound to be a problem at some point because of a huge volume increase.The Storm is not a toy. Buy the iPhone which is a toy.

I've had this baby for 48 hrs and am lovin it!.I think many reviewers here are so blindsided by the iphone; that they are just too harsh with the storm.Phone-VW beats ATT hands down, thats the MAIN reason I did not choose the iphone.(If you have no connection, what good is a fancy App?)Core Blackberry functionality-unbeatable-Typing was NOT a big issue for me-I'm sure if you are a maniac on coffee,with a Type A personality to boot-you may have to slow down a little bit.Media( camera,Video cam, music etc) excellent .the big screen continues to blow me away.Its $99 at VZW. Get it now. worst case scenario-you'll return it for a restocking fee of $35.Here's a little update.Still love the phone. Although I believe you can be stuck with a lemon.The software is definitely buggy-but have had to hard reset only once.Browser crashed once-but the one time hard reset fixed it.Charge lasts about 36-48 hrs with regular phone use( not heavy use).VZ navigator is awesome.VZW's 3G network is just perfect for this device.VZW sent me a used model when I asked for one on one-so returned the other one( had multiple scratches! with dirt inside the screen!!)would still give 5 stars.3 month update.The phone has held its own till date.Total reboots needed ~2 in the last two months.Cons @3 months: minimally slow software, poor reception(?)and average sound quality, minor software glitches. camera better than most phones but poor for 3mp camera, charge last 18 hrs with average useagepros: VZ network, awesome internet browser, instant email, decent calender and reminder system, VZ navigator if needed.One year now and still love it as much as it was a day old. Excellent software updates and still performing strong. Love me Blackberry storm!i'd say 5 stars.

I am totally in agreement with the reviewers who have given this phone a one or two-star rating.  I use an AT&T; Blackberry for work and my personal phone was a Razr.  After becoming familiar w/the Blackberry at work, when it  was time for  me to upgrade my phone w/Verizon, I wanted to get the best; so, I purchased the Storm. It took me three  months to decide which new phone to upgrade  to.  What made me choose  the Storm is my boss, who likes only the best, had recently purchased one after owning the Treo; she said that she preferred the Storm over the Treo, citing that the Storm is easy to use.Well, as far as I am concerned, nothing could be farther from the truth.  I have had the Storm for four days.  I have learned to use the basic functions using the built in "Help" since the manual was vague. If I am talking on the phone, I find it too easy to inadvertently touch the speakerphone button.Verizon told me that if I returned the phone it would cost me $35 to reshelve it, but I am beginning think that it  is worth  the reshelving fee just to get rid of it.  I am seriously thinking of changing my service  to AT&T; so that I can get an Iphone.

This review is based on after installing the .75 update. The phone got a lot faster on the screen rotation. The keyboard really really SUCKS... I think RIM built this phone without thinking people were going to actually use the keyboard.. :).. Great Screen though super sharp when watching a movie... the camera takes an eternity and a half to take a picture. If you press the bottom to snap, you have to keep the phone steady for 5-6 seconds after you snap to get a good picture. The touch screen is a pain period... I found myself constantly "talking" to the phone... "no it's not what I wanted to do"... "no don't start that program"... "no I don't need the keyboard".... The keyboard layout is also not friendly... let's say you had to type an address like 1125 NW 16 ave Miami, FL... well my friend you will be up for a good lesson on patience... the letters one layout of the keyboard, the numbers on another and the commas and questions on another... BAD IDEA!!!!I have seen keyboard that you can just hold a letter for 2 sec and you get the numbers... simple and less messy... On the storm if you hold a letter you get the capitol version... I think it's useless... So to type my little address here 1125 NW 16 ave Miami, FL you would need to be bouncing between 3 keyboard screen layout... did I mention it goes back to the letters after you type each number... unless you lock the numbers but than again you have to unlock to get another letter.

I was one of those that tried to purchase on launch day, but had to order and received it bout 5 days later.  This is my first time owning a Blackberry and purchased it for $100, including rebates and plus I was an existing customer.  I was pretty disappointed with this phone, but ended keeping any ways.  I had a LG Voyager and loved it and waiting for the new one to come out and I will jump ship as soon as the new one comes out.  I updated the new software but still the same.  All I can Say is even though all the experts are saying the Iphone is better.  I will never ever buy anything from Apple, cause I just think their products are garbage.  I still can't believe the new 3G Iphone still does not support music streaming and the Itunes software is trash.  Well enough bout my babbling on the piece of crap Apple products. I just hope RIM fixes all the bugs or they'll lose many customers.

As my title reads, once you update your 9530 to the latest Verizon Wireless operating system, your good to go.  The new OS fixes many many many bugs, and is basically a whole new phone.  I use my phone for business and personal, so I have email popping up on my phone and also use many different social network applications.  The App World was a great addition to the blackberry devices.  It takes maybe a week or so to get used to typing on the storm with its "clickable" screen.  Overall it's a great phone for business centric people,  it's not an iPhone, so get over yourselves people (you know who you are).I also have over 7GB of music loaded on my MicroSD card and I can honestly say that the media player on the Storm is pretty decent, I'd give it 8/10 points.  You can have album art and it's search features work very well.If your not going to use this phone for business related matters, then I would probably look at another "touch screen" phone, but if a large portion of your phone use is business, then i'd pick this bad boy up (update if thereafter) and get using that sexy touch click screen.

Disappointing across the board.  Slow function, slow camera, freezes up, switches modes without reason, and worst of all, has a terrible microphone.  People complain about not being able to hear me all the time.  A failure across the board.  I'll buy an iPhone the day it becomes available on Verizon without looking back!  Great potential, terrible execution.

First let me say, if my company didn't require me to use a BlackBerry, I would get an IPhone.  I went to work today and set-up my Storm.  As a person who uses the keyboard much to do business, I found the light clicky thing annoying.  I have large hands and felt like I could never push the right keys.  Anyway, I'm very discouraged as typing a simple response to a text message is a lesson in patience--something I don't need.  Verizon, I am coming to visit tomorrow. The purpose of my visit is to return this monstrosity and reactivate my Curve.  At least I could type at a reasonable pace.

BlackBerry Storm 9530 Smartphone (Verizon Wireless)I had made peace with the dead pixels on my Blackberry Storm. I did this by looking at the phone as a tool and not as a source of joy. In other words, I matured. I actually felt bad for RIM and Verizon too, having to give one dude four phones.So, I went to the Verizon store to activate my wife's new Samsung SCH-U740, the Alias. I started a conversation with customer service young lady, as I'm annoyingly conversation-inclined (Cuban). I told her about the pixels and without me telling her anything except that I was over my 30-day return window, she called the Verizon customer service store and ordered me a new Blackberry Storm. It came today. In addition to not having any dead pixels, the screen click is 400% better than any of my three previous Storms. In other words, if you're on the fence about the Storm, go ahead and try it.asymmetricblog.com

Note that anyone looking to buy this phone should consider two things.1) Most early reviews were based off of a pseudo-beta initial release of the phone software (v65). The phone has since been updated and works exceptionally well. Look for reviews AFTER 12/15/2008.2) This phone is a powerful productivity tool, NOT a toy. For users wanting an entertainment device with plenty of games, buy the iPhone. For users wanting an unmatched phone, email client, contact/task database, all rolled into a high-res screen with sufficient multimedia ability, buy the Storm. Many reviewers are blaming the phone for their own inability. Yes, it might seem complicated at first but it gets the job done unlike any other phone. If you want a simple toy/ipod, again, look elsewhere.Also, the iPhone vs Storm comparisons are getting way out of hand (see first review: Grant). These two phones are completely different with one exception, the touchscreen. To prove the point, below is a cut/paste from a post I ran across in another forum (note I can't vouch for all info, still it should be useful when considering this purchase):Hope this helps.MD-----------------------Storm vs iPhone (aka: Storm DOES have, iPhone *DOES NOT* have):- 3D click-through screen (capacitive touch PLUS tactile click)- MMS (TXT messages with pictures attached)- ability to record videos- WMV video support- WMA audio support- 3GPP RTSP website audio/video streaming- copy/paste via multitouch- better camera (3.2mp vs 2mp = 60% improvement)- 2x digital camera zoom (vs none)- camera flash- camera autofocus & image stabilization- better screen resolution (480x360 vs 480x320 = 12% improvement)- full QWERTY keyboard (PLUS SureType)- second mic for active noise cancellation during phone calls- removable/replaceable battery- better battery life w/ 1400 mAhr (5.5-6.0hrs vs 5.0hrs = 10-20% improvement) (+ even more with Seidio extended 1600mAhr battery!)- replaceable metal backing (vs plastic, non-replaceable)- MicroSD memory card expandable up to 32GB- 10x hard buttons (4 front, 2 top, 4 side)- voice-command dialing- global phone: CDMA/EVDO.A/UMTS/HSPA/EDGE/GPRS/GSM (works on VZW and includes a SIM card for travel abroad)- true, lean email push w/ compression (vs battery draining ping-pong workaround)- DOD-level encryption and security (with remote management via BES or Unite)- syncronize contacts, tasks, memos, calendar with Yahoo! PIM, Outlook, Lotus Notes, etc- save attachments & send attachments from media card or internal memory- open PDF, DOC, XLS, PPT files- invite attendees to calendar meetings- ability to use any music manager (vs iTunes-only restriction)- high-speed PC modem via USB tethering- third-party application multitasking (aka background applications)- Assisted GPS for turn-by-turn voice navigation with third-party applications (VZNavigator, Garmin, TeleNav)- mass storage mode (allows drag/drop of files via Windows Explorer)- BlueTooth 2.0 with stereo headset, A2DP/AVRCP audio streaming, file-sharing, wireless printing, etc- horizontal charging dock for "clock mode" and movie viewing- better Verizon contracts and cheaper price plans- better 3G network (Verizon EVDO Rev. A vs AT&T; HSDPA scarce coverage and slower uploads)- open architecture app install (vs Apple collecting a buck for EVERYTHING you buy)On AT&T;, spotty 3G coverage requires the WiFi alternative...VZW 3G coverage is everywhere, hence no need to compensate with an additional chip that would raise prices and reduce battery life.iPhone, game over.-----------------------

avoid verizon - their service is poor.  This phone is ok but the company that stands behind the phone is very important too.

If this phone worked as it should it would be acceptable at best, but a number of software problems make it something you will probably want to avoid.The email feature is very good, although it only checks for email from most ISP servers every 15 minutes, and there is no way to force it check for new mail at your convenience. To get around this you must have all your email forwarded to a service like Hotmail or Yahoo, which means you will get copies of your email immediately. However, if you want to reply, you will not be able to change your reply-from account from Hotmail to your main ISP email provider. You'll have to wait 15 minutes until the original email comes through.When you are in a call, the screen goes dark quickly, and it requires a lot of maneuvering to get a keyboard up if you have to press keys during your call or even if you want to switch to speaker phone mode.Trying to type an email or text takes real perseverance. The default "Sure Type" mode that suggests words is cumbersome, and changing its suggestions can be maddening. Even in landscape mode with a QWERTY keyboard, an auto-correct feature takes over and requires constant vigilance. And just TRY to use the touch-and-click screen to reposition the insertion point and make a correction several letters or words back; it's really frustrating.The manual that comes with the phone and the various online tutorials don't begin to cover what you need to know to use the phone's features; you will need to attend a Verizon workshop.All of the above assumes that phone actually works as it's supposed to. After spending hours with Verizon and BlackBerry support staff, I finally got the phone to the point where it works much of the time, which is a giant step up from the way the phone came out of the box.Here are some of the problems, all of which BlackBerry acknowledges as "known issues" and which Verizon will tell you SHOULD be addressed in a long-promised and long-overdue software upgrade (think Windows Vista):* Voice-command dialing (e.g., via Bluetooth headset) sometimes results in a white screen that locks up your phone and requires one or more reboots (a reboot means removing the battery for 15 seconds, replacing it, and waiting 4 to 6 minutes until you can use the phone again).* The battery drains quickly and sometimes continues to drain when plugged into a charger; it may require one or more reboots to start charging.* Synching the Storm with Outlook can result in errors that prevent this feature from working until you spend many hours with support staff trying to find which record causes the problem; the fix will last a couple of days, before the problem recurs.* The network connection turns itself off occasionally, and you won't be able to make or receive calls until you notice that the network is off and you go into the options to turn it back on.In order to get around the Bluetooth lock-ups, I purchased aBlackBerry HS-655+ Bluetooth Headset, which the manual recommends. It has cut down on, but not eliminated, the number of lock-ups.The most helpful support person was a Verizon tech who had me "wipe" the phone and start over (choose the "Options" button, then "Security Options," then "General Settings," then press the menu button and choose "Wipe Handheld"; all the software reloads automatically, but you will have to reload any personal data). That helped with most of the problems, including the Outlook synch problem, which hasn't recurred (it's been 10 days).

Blackberry StormFirst, full disclosure, I did not buy my Storm from Amazon. I got it directly from Verizon (new every two discounts, gotta love 'em!). As such, I can't rate the Amazon buying experience and this review will focus solely on the phone--hardware and software.Onwards to the phone then. I considered myself somewhat of a fashionable Luddite. I am generally adverse to complicated devices, however, I am a total sucker for a pretty face. Here the Storm performs well. It's a great looking device. Sleek in the hand and on the desk, it is the epitome of modern design. Black as night with streaks of chrome. Slim lines and simple buttons. I may find myself in the minority here, but I prefer it's look to the iPhone. Something about Apple's products doesn't sit well with me--too many rounded corners perhaps.In terms of complication and ease of use, again the Storm does well. It has buttons (thank the Lord), all of which make sense, the green button answers the phone the red one hangs up. No reinventing the wheel here. The escape button was almost certainly designed by a man who has spent countless hours on a Treo trying to undo whatever he just did (not that he has any idea as to what he just did). There are two programmable buttons on the sides. I liked this as they did not do what I intuitively thought they should, so I simply changed their function. Lock locks, Mute mutes and the volume buttons do the volume button thing. The Blackberry button does everything else. And I mean everything. Send an email. Take a picture. Reprogram the email settings. Kill a man in Reno, just to watch him die (watch out for that function!).The Blackberry button is in itself a revelation. This is my first Blackberry device and the inclusion of this button has sold me on all of their products. As long as their devices have this button I will buy their products. I was initially worried that it would complicate things; that  my inner Luddite would grow tired of cycling through menus. In reality, by having almost every feature work using the same process you find doing things with the Storm--even if you have never done them before--is almost instinctively easy. I firmly recommend, when you get your device, to learn to use one feature, email, for example. Learn everything about it and you will find that you already understand how to use other features without ever having tried them before. With the sole exception, perhaps, of the clitoris I have never been more enthusiastic about learning to manipulate a little button.Other great features: the web browser is superb, the screen renders wonderfully and when the on-screen keyboard disappears very easy to read. Email is brilliant and simple to set up. Although, I would warn newcomers to the device that Hotmail will put up one hell of  a fight--this is not fault of the Storm which actually does a great deal to compensate for Microsoft's intransigence. Media player works great, although the interface is very simple which I approve of (again, Luddite) but which may bother people more used to the current lineup of iPhones. Copy and Paste, Word, Excel and PowerPoint are all excellent features you won't find on an iPhone.There are some areas that I like but which could be problematic for others. The screen, love it or hate, there is no middle ground. I love it, and sincerely hope this technology is exported to other devices. My girlfriend, on the other hand, hates it. The thing with the screen is, love it or hate it, you need practice. It is not a natural sensation to push in a screen. Years of cultural conditioning telling you to keep your greasy fingers off the screen need to be overcome before you can use the Storm comfortably. The Suretype keyboard is another love-it-or-hate-it features. I actually like it now but initially it drove me nuts. Again, with practice it comes naturally. Besides, if you really hate Suretype just turn the phone sideways and boom, there is a Qwerty keyboard ready to go.The keyboards have their issues, however the clickable screen makes using them easier on the Storm than on the iPhone. In the end, there is no replacement for a physical keyboard, but I feel confident is saying this is the closest anyone has got--this far, anyway. Move you thumb over a letter on the screen. The key you want is surrounded by a blue halo then you press down to confirm. You quickly get used to this system. I will also say the Qwerty keyboard is by far the hardest to master (little keys, smaller halos).And now onto things to worry about. By now, everyone has heard of the original Operating System bugs. RIM and Verizon rushed the Storm before it was ready. These bugs have largely been erased by software updates. But be aware, there are still some problem areas. The accelerometer is not nearly as quick as the one on the iPhone. While an iPhone feels like an extension of your body, the Storm remains distinctly mechanical. There is the odd freeze, this happens every now and then. Usually the freeze is just long enough to give you a heart stopping, anus contracting fright before the Storm shakes whatever was bothering it off. Occasionally these freezes last, in these cases simply take out the battery, wait 30 seconds and put it back in. Bada-bing Bada-boom the phone is back to its happy little self. *A quick tip, be sure to close all applications by using the Blackberry button's 'close' feature as opposed to the red hang-up button, this helps prevent crashes. There is also a bit of a lag when opening certain functions such a the photo gallery. When I bought my Storm the Verizon guy said a new software update was due soon, Internet rumors seem to confirm this. All I can say is that if they do what they should have done in the beginning and get the software perfect, this phone is going to be epic.In all, this phone is a little marvel. Easy to use and understand, it works well. It will take some getting used to, there is very little that will prepare you for that clickable screen, but if you can handle having to put some practice in it is worth the effort. Any quirks that are still hanging around are regrettable, maybe even unacceptable, but still the Storm makes up for them in a variety of ways.

Ok so I bought my first Storm in December... by January I realized I had a phone I despised. by February Verizon send me a new Storm. One of the many problems with the phone is that you can not put the phone on your shoulder and talk... it will inevitably press the touch screen and either mute your conversation or put your caller on speakerphone. I do enjoy the ease of text and having music on my phone.... but I have an Ipod so... I dont have to have music on my phone... but it is easier to just have one item to take in for a man... since they dont carry a purse like us...after seeing all the problems I had with my Storm my husband decided he didnt want to get a storm that he is picking something else. He also says he doesnt like the reception when he talks to me on it.

All scuffed up more than expected, this phone does not work, keeps wanting to shut itself down but stalls! Useless and a very dissapointing product that also fails to shift screen when held sideways... Avoid

Please listen to the reviews this phone is horrible. I am a programmer and figured I could get around the issues, thought that maybe people were exaggerating but everything is true. It constantly freezes, shuts itself off, takes forever to come back on after pulling the battery, the screen does not flip properly(flips when it should not flip). Do not waste your money this phone is horrible nor is it reliable.

This got be the worse phone I've ever used.I've had the iPhone which I loved then had to switch to a blackberry for work so I jumped on idea of having a touchscreen blackberry. Bought it and after two weeks just hated it. The phone looks great, but the software is just terrible, slow, buggy. This is another of a series of crappy phone by Blackberry. Cherishing their monopoly on instant emails, the quality of their phones have drastically decreased and it is too bad. Hope the new curve will be better than the Blackberry Storm!

Have had this phone for almost 2 months.  Already had to exchange the first one and will be taking back my current one for similar problems. Phone has shut off on its own many times and gone to white screen, then takes a couple minutes to turn on again.  Sometimes I press screen and it does not work! sometime screen flips to wrong side for viewing (if I'm holding it upright, the picture is running 180 counterclockwise and won't display correctly. Have gotten SOOOOOO frustrated with this phone!! I have small skinny fingers and have problems getting it to hit the right letters! Sending texts is nerve racking! somehow every time I go to hit "send" (which is inconveniently hidden and have to press extra buttons as it is)--it registers as save draft, and then I have to waste more time going back to find the file, open it up, and finally sending it.  Not a user friendly phone--everything takes much more time! making calls, txt, and checking your message ALL take much longer than they did on my cheap little razor (I almost wish I never gave it up now for a blackberry).  I end up waiting to get on my home computer if I need to google something--because that is a whole nother pain in the @$$! I hear the curve is better and easier.

PROS: I had been with T-Mobile for over 10 years and in spite of ATT and Verizon having better phones I remained a loyal T-Mobile customer until the STORM!!!CONS: I early termed my contract with T-Moble and purchased what I though was the MUST HAVE Storm.  I was a little concerned after the first day but, by the 3rd day I was utterly frustrated with too many issues with the phone.  The accelerometer frequenly would get hung up. I would turn the phone and have to wait a second for the screen to adjust to the new position.  The lag time was crazy.  I actually liked the touch screen concept but even with the  blue guiding light you can not tell what damn letter you are touching.  If you send a lot of e-mails or other text well, take a deep breath and try not to throw your phone against the wall.  And the keyboard -- has a mind of it's own.  Appearing out of nowhere,  there is no shortcut key to "hide keyboard".  Also when I put the phone to my ear,  I would either end up hitting the mute key or the speaker key.  The Iphone has sensitivity built in which hinders this when the phone is put to your ear, the Storm does not.CONS: I was not impressed with the browser which lagged and some pages would never open.  I aslo wish there was an App Store. The camera takes forever but that is not a major issue for me.  The lack of WiFi was a major mistake.  Scrolling through items on the screen is not smooth or fluid as the iphone as there seems to be a bit of a stagger/studder.  Navigating between menus is not a smooth process long and in some cases progams freezed.PROS: Now the screen display is amazing and puts a real hurting on the iphone.  The Storm has so many features. I loved and purchased the Ringback tones--this feature allows you to assign music to individuals so that is what they hear when they call you.  The Voice GPS was perfect very time. The sound is in stereo and I was amazed at the qaulity.CONS: The problem for me is that the features about the Storm that I like are already found in  my digital camera, my iTouch, my Ipod and my Garmin.  What I desired most in a phone the STORM lacks.  Had RIM waited longer to fine tune the Storm, they would have really put the iPhone in check.  Now that being said, I left my 10 year relationship with T-mobile and purchased my Storm on 12/24 and by 12/31, seven days later,  I returned to Verizon and cancelled my contract (well within the 30 day period).If I was going to stay with a touch screen I felt I might as well go with who has the best at this time so, on 12/31 I joined ATT and am the happy owner of an Iphone -- Pretty close to perfection.  There is no Storm...not yet...just a mild rain. I am still shaking my head because I really was expecting so much more.

I have owned a Storm since June 2009, daily the phone freezes up to the point where I have to take the battery out and wait 10 minutes for the phone to reboot. I have been on Verizon tech support and the have had me whipe the memory clean and reload all my info. Doesn't work and you can never recover all you info. Had them switch my phone out 3 times and still have the same problem. Their answer is for me to buy another phone from them. My phones have never been dropped or abused and is still under warranty. Their own Verizon web site has thousands of complaints all the same about this phone and the still sell it and will not fix the issue at hand-it never should have been sold with all these issues. I am going to have to cancel my contract with Verizon and pay the price to get away from this problem. Going to try the I Phone.

I've had this phone since it first came out. Mistake number one on my part!I thought that with the Blackberry name would come a solid phone, with maybe some problems. But I didn't think it would be this bad.First off, this is a very nice looking phone. Beautiful screen, real nice color. But thats about the only thing good about this phone. It is in a word, "Junk".This phone should not have been put on the market. The software is really sluggish. When you click on a program, or go to check your email, you get this little clock that spins and you have to wait for it to finish before your program launches. Then if your phone is in portrait view, and turn it to landscape, you have to wait. Some programs might stop working because of memory issues. Heaven forbid if you need this phone for an emergency, good luck as you wait for the little clock to stop turning in order for it to be usable.And anyone in the blackberry world will tell you, that just take out the battery to reboot it. Sure that works for a little while, but by the end of the day, you're back to where you were before you pulled the battery. IF you have to pull the batter every time it starts running slow, it tells me that something is not right with this phone. Why doesn't RIM do something about this. Don't they see all of the bad reviews and bad ratings this phone is getting. Or are they finally figuring out that, yes the iPhone is a better phone, and you jumped on the bandwagon just a bit too late!! If you have a choice and you're with Verizon, get a different model blackberry, or a different phone all together. If you can jump to AT&T; and get an iPhone, do it. I know so many people that have one, and they are extremely happy with them. Solid phone. The Storm needs a little work..... a lot of work!!

-Brian Mahony, [...]Updated on March 17, 2008 (I guess I feel lucky).As I promised, I have now had a chance to set up and use my new BlackBerry Storm for a couple of weeks. Since one of my pet peeves is reviews that don't go beyond the challenges of the initial box-opening and early learning curve, I made sure to withhold judgment until I had a good feel for the device.BackgroundOK, first a few disclosures. I have been using the BlackBerry 7250 for about two years now. As I have stated previously, I am both a packrat and an early adopter. I will jump on cool new technologies but I also hold on to them until there is something new that represents a significant upgrade to what I already have. That is a high bar usually, since many times "new stuff" really is yesterday's meatloaf with a few new features. For me to upgrade, I need to have a step-level improvement in features or functionality.So I have been using the 7250 for about two years. Before that, I had a series of Nokia and Motorola phones that really hadn't changed much in core features for about ten years. I switched to BlackBerry in the first place, probably a couple of years too late, because I wanted a serious business email device. The 7250 did that for me and I felt I achieved an order of magnitude of functionality from what I had before. Most of the time, new business technology actually only makes you more miserable. It gives you more work to do and further invades your personal life. But in the case of the BlackBerry, it improved my life. Before becoming a "CrackBerry" user I fell victim to severe laptop addiction--anytime I tuned the thing on, no matter what reason, at least 3 hours would fly by. But now with my new BlackBerry, I could do email triage with confidence, reducing the times I had to boot up the computer at work or at home by about a third.So it was with this background and anticipation I ordered the new BlackBerry Storm as soon as it was available.Major caveat: Software UpdateOK. Before we get into the detailed review one major, huge caveat--- RIM clearly shipped the Storm while the software engineers were chasing the first crate from China down the block, trying to get their latest version of firmware into the thing. The Marketing/Sales guys won the arm wrestle (or foosball) match that day. After first unpacking, charging, and firing up the BlackBerry Storm I was ready to throw the thing against the wall after about two hours. It was horribly slow and buggy. Some applications (e.g., camera) seemed to crash the whole system and the keyboard which uses a sensor to change its horizontal orientation took seemingly forever. The device was almost unusable. In my desire to be fair, and having launched products like this myself (I was the evil Marketing guy with the engineers chasing me down the block, but I am exceedingly good at foosball), I luckily tried to find a software upgrade. It worked and the review below assumes all of you do the same. To avoid being dainty or obscure--- first download the latest version before trying to use the BlackBerry Storm!Update March 17, 2009: I also hear they have a new firmware update coming out soon that should help improve the acceleramator and camera.Initial ImpressionsAt first glance the new BlackBerry Storm was only OK. I guess I expected a form factor that was bit more revolutionary. Instead, I got a device that looked a bit plain, but for the nice color screen that covered 80% of the face. For one thing, the Storm, like the 7250 before it, did not feel very sleek or even stable in my hand. Instead, it fell like it would fall out without a firm grip (which in fact has happened several times). I was disappointed in this because I figured, after all these years, BlackBerry would finally build a smart phone that was easy to hold in both typing and phone modes. Instead, another phone with nothing for my fingers to naturally curl around. Another phone where I felt like my fingers were always invading some space, some button, where they didn't belong. My fingers asked the Storm to dance, and she flatly declined.Update March 17, 2009:I have indeed dropped the Storm several times. The good news is that it survived every fall.But let's talk about that pretty face-- the vibrancy and crispness of the Storm's colorful screen really is unrivaled in a small device. I can't say enough how bright the colors are and visible the resolution even without having to zoom.So while the 7250 could be used as a browser only as a last resort, the Storm rivals the browsing of my laptop. For one thing, it allows a few different browsers, including the native BlackBerry one, a truncated mobile version, as well as a full browser that uses a combination of window scrolling (both horizontal and vertical) and zooming to achieve a high degree of usability. Suffice to say the Storm vastly exceeded my expectations as to what a mobile device can do for Internet browsing.If the beautiful colorful screen and Internet browsing exceeded my expectations, the multi-media and video streaming functions delighted my soul. I admit I have only played around with this feature a bit, but what I have seen is very impressive--some movie trailers and Internet short clips, all in high enough definition to make you forget you are staring at a small screen.Before we move on from the screen, we really need to discuss the primary input device-- the touch-screen and on-screen keyboard. For many BlackBerry users, especially business power users, the ability to crank out a barrage of emails, IMs, and texts with a high level of confidence, without going back to correct typing mistakes, was one of the main draws of the BlackBerry. While there has been some debate about the keyboards of various models over the years, including size, lay-out and whether a full keyboard was necessary, I for one resisted all of the non-QWERTY varieties. I had become so adept at the two-thumb and occasional index finger approach that nothing else could intrude on my love affair with the BlackBerry's reliable text input buttons. The feel of those raised pads was so enticing, so gratifying.So when I saw that the Storm would take the very iPhone approach and forgo the physical buttons, I was worried. Until I saw that both a QWERTY and 2-button-share soft keyboard were provided, including what some were calling a "tactile, clickable, interface." So, after almost three weeks of usage, I am sad to report that text input is marginal at best. Sure, Research in Motion introduced some wonderful innovations to make it easy and gratifying. Keys, whether numbers or letters or characters, light up as you caress the screen to ensure proper finger alignment, and only trigger entry when one actually presses down on the touch screen (yes, the screen depresses slightly and gives the sense of clicking a button- very cool). This allows you to get better over time--first by staring at the screen to see what keys your fingers are triggering, later by flying along and then checking your work. At first, my data entry was horrible, which I chalked up to user error and the learning curve. But after several weeks, I am still only at about 85% success rate, which might seem good until you consider that every 9th or 10th letter in an email or text you have to go back chasing after to correct, adding 3 or 4 multiples to the time you would expect to compose new messages. Also, I have found that the onscreen keyboard is optimally used with both left and right thumbs working in unison, since the engineers at RIM seem to have skewed the virtual buttons a little to the left or right depending on what side of the screen they are on. So all in all, the BlackBerry storm has functional text-based inputs which can be cool or annoying depending on how you use them, but in the end, unlike its browser, it does not have you thinking you can replace your computer for serious email or text composition. Sigh, opportunity lost here methinks.Update March 17, 2009:The keyboard has gotten much better over time. I don't mind it much anymore really, and the "sure-type" intelligence is very smart. For most emails or texts, I never have to go to the full QWERTY keyboard since it usually knows what words I am trying to type (the obvious exceptions are acronyms or special characters).Some other major positives of the BlackBerry Storm:* Telephone network-- Verizon has by far the best voice quality, network coverage, and fewest dropped calls. I know that from both my background as a telecom technologist, and as a user of both Verizon and AT&T; and Sprint/Nextel over the years. iPhone's exclusive availability on AT&T; was one of the major reasons I did not even consider switching from Verizon.Update March 17, 2009:Still love Verizon (gushing).* Telephone voice quality and features-- I was a little worried about this since the 7250 had weak voice quality. I had trouble hearing folks in noisy rooms and people always complained they could not hear me. On the Storm, while I thought the voice quality initially was a bit tinny, its phone capabilities have really grown on me. For one thing, the volume is really loud if you want it to be and the speaker-phone is excellent. But just as important, after several test, my friends and family assure me they can hear me quite well whether in regular or speaker modes. Thank you RIM for this necessary improvement.* Easy email setup-- RIM has perfected this. Whether it is personal email or work email through the Enterprise BlackBerry server, you can have great confidence in retrieving the messages that matter to you.* Desktop synchronization-- Once again, BlackBerry excels at synching not only email, but tasks, calendar items, etc. The Storm also has very reliable functions for reading and composing Microsoft Office applications like Word and PowerPoint and Excel--a business user's life blood.* Visual Voice Mail-- I strongly encourage you to pay the extra few bucks to subscribe to this service. As a mobile warrior like many of you, I often struggle to get through all of my voicemail, sometimes over 20+ per day when I am on the road. Sometimes I am listening to messages at a noisy trade show, or want to skip through previously saved messages, all tasks that are frustrating with a typical telephony number pad-type interface, especially when you can never remember the correct commands. With visual voice mail, your voice mail messages are treated like email messages with a audio recording attached. You can sort through them by sender or timestamp, and easily skip, rewind, or delete messages.Update March 17, 2009:I am giving up on this feature. It just is not accurate enough in synching to my "real" voicemail. Too bad Verizon, you'll be losing my $5 a month.* SMS and IM functions-- Worked like a breeze. Set up Yahoo IM in seconds. Sweet. Now I just wish I could stop my little teenage nieces from texting me all the time. At our annual Christmas party, I caught several of them texting each other-- from across the room! Why do they do that!?Update March 17, 2009:* Bonus function-- Two words: Word Mole! Totally addictive game and great for killing subway stops or hours on the plane. Please email me if you can beat my high score: 6,742 (this score is quite ridiculous since I was in the "zone" and my previous best was 4,358) or my best single word high score: 135.Update March 17, 2009:LOL. My new high score is 11,500. Beat that!Mixed or TBD:* Music-- Couldn't get the thing to work. It is supposed to support Rhapsody and Verizon's V Cast. I will stick with my iPod for now.Update March 17, 2009:I actually use the Storm as an iPod now. There is a feature for randomly synching songs from your iTunes list. Works great when your iPod is out of batteries. Storm earbuds sounds better than standard iPod ones.* Navigation-- Ditto. You are supposed to be able to use the Storm's imbedded GPS for turn-by-turn navigation. I tried for 30 minutes, including calling an 800 number that put me in IVR hell, but couldn't get the thing to work or Verizon to help me. If I eventually get the thing working (which would be great and another of those "step-level improvements" I was telling you about in the first paragraph) I will update this review.Update March 17, 2009:To be fair to our friends from Networks in Motion, I haven't had a chance to call Verizon to try to get this working again.* Menu system-- I am still a little lost here. Sometimes you need to press a button on the on-screen keyboard (they are different for each application). Sometimes you need to hit the physical "menu" button at the bottom of the device. Sometimes you need to speak Latin incantations while standing upside down (maybe not this last one, but you get the idea). After several weeks, I still find myself searching for when to hit "back", when to hit "menu" when to scroll or search around for a hidden option. My trusty 7250 had a simple and easy to remember menu system and scroll-wheel ( I really miss that little wheel) while the Storm has you wondering and wallowing too often. Of course the Storm does a lot more too, but you would think there would be some mean, grumpy, menu-system-enforcing engineer that would have driven simplicity and consistency.Update March 17, 2009:I have gotten used to the menu system now. It doesn't really bother me.* Unlock key-- Oh my goodness. Put the Storm in your pocket and the thing locks without any explanation on how to unlock it. For newbies like me it took several minutes and key combinations (and a little Latin) to figure out how to get out of it. FYI- the unlock button is on top of the device to the left. Please send $5 to...Update March 17, 2009:What, no checks?Awful:* Camera function-- Just terrible. This was one of the worst things before the latest software upgrade but it has only gone from completely unusable to completely impractical. The camera menu system is kludgey. The camera itself snaps several seconds after you press the button and is almost always out of focus. After taking a picture, there seems to be now simple way to quickly take another picture before backing out of a "save as" function the pops up. This is a bummer since I was really hoping this function would add to the reasons why I switched from the 7250.Update March 17, 2009:Still awful. The new firmware update is supposed to improve the camera but don't hold your breath.* Video camera-- Same as above. Don't waste your time.Update March 17, 2009:To be fair, I have actually gotten some decent utility out of this when I needed to record a demo at a trade show. It still crashes and freezes up about a third of the time, and almost always when I try to record beyond 3 minutes. As a result, I am looking to buy a Flip or Vado.Review SummaryAll in all, the BlackBerry Storm has delivered on most of its promises. It is indeed a major improvement from earlier models, and more than competitive (if not superior) to rivals like the iPhone. If you are looking for the latest generation smart-phone with all the support for business applications you have come to expect from Research In Motion and improvements that make it a great quality phone and mobile Internet browser and multi-media playback device, the BlackBerry Storm is for you. As a primarily software-based device, we can only hope and expect some of the annoyances I have outlined above to get better with future releases (those engineers are only getting better at foosball I hear). The color touch-screen is truly beautiful. The surrounding apps are solid. The input keyboard is functional but could be better. The desktop synch is strong as always. In short, all the things you will use most, line up to make the BlackBerry Storm the right device for me. And maybe for you too.Update March 17, 2009:I am sticking with the Storm. It has grown on me and I am confident that most of the negatives will be fixed with firmware updates. The iPhone is still not an option for me due to the poor quality of the AT&T; network.Please comment with your feedback.-Brian

I have never been so disappointed with an electronics purchase.  My storm is slow, sluggish, randomly shuts off (about 5-6 times a day with a 4 minute reboot period).  Not to mention that there is so much dust trapped under the screen that I can't see it on a sunny day.  Add to that that the battery life is horrible, and the reception is even worse, equals a lame attempt to make a cool phone.  But hey, it looks sleek

I bought the phone online through the Verizon's website the night it first went on sale so I've had it for a while now. Yes, I've experienced all the issues other reviewers described. It would freeze, camera was crappy, couldn't save videos. But all the issues went away after I upgraded to the new OS (4.7... something). You can upgrade wirelessly from withing your settings menu. Bottom line, I love this phone now. First of all you have all your email accounts right under your fingertips. Typing emails is actually better than iPhone's - I like it when touching the letter will highlight it and then you press it to actually type. This device is also the best mp4 player among all smartphones - iPhone not even close. Many of my friends and pretty much all of my co-workers have iPhones so believe me, I got to play with iPhones a lot. Storm has a bigger brighter screen and much louder speakers (surprisingly loud for a phone)and most importantly a micro SD card slot. So I DON'T HAVE TO BUY A NEW PHONE when I need more memory. I have 8gig card the phone came with filled with mp4 movies, shows and music clips. Internet is kind of slow (slower than in verizon commercials of course) but definitely not slower than AT&T;'s. I'm constantly checking news, sport scores, facebook without any problems. Not to mention that the phone looks and feels amazing (girls might say it's a little heavy). Most one-star reviews I read here are ridiculous. You have a problem with your phone - try taking it to Verizon store!Anyway, just update your OS and spend a little time getting used to it - you'll have the best mobile device you've ever owned.

I had my old LG cell phone for about 4 years and decided to treat myself to an upgrade.  I work at a University and thought the Blackberry would be helpful in keeping track of my appointments and student emails.  There was so much hype surrounding the Storm that I figured I would give it a try.  This is honestly the worst cell phone that I have ever had mainly due to the extremely buggy operating system.Pros:The phone looks nice and feels sturdy in your hand.  The call quality of the phone is also very nice and clear.  The screen is brilliant and very colorful.  The various applications that you can download for the phone (although still no centralized 'app store' yet) make it a much more useful tool.  I particularly like the weather bug, google maps, and AP news applications.  The browser on the phone works well and the web pages come in clear and load reasonably quick.  It is really handy to have a gps unit built into the phone.  It is particularly useful when traveling to new cities (which I do often).  The Verizon Navigator is also a very useful program, although I don't think that it is worth $10 a month.  The phone also came with an 8 gig micro sd card which gives the phone ample memory for most functions.Cons:I actually like the click through touch screen but, unfortunately, the operating system makes typing very difficult.  If you are using this phone to send a lot of text message or emails, you will find yourself quickly frustrated.  It seems that no matter how diligently I attempt to type, typos still abound.  The auto-correct feature is also not all that useful as it does not correct the majority of typing mistakes.  The biggest problem with this phone is the operating system.  Shortly after the phone arrived, I was notified that an upgrade to the operating system was available.  I did the upgrade.  I noticed some small improvements, but not enough to make the phone enjoyable to use.  The main problem with the phone is that it freezes and locks up at least 2-3 times per day.  When I go to use the phone, I press the screen to activate it and very often I'm met with the little spinning clock in the center of the screen.  I wait and watch it spin, and spin, and spin, and spin sometimes for as long as 3 minutes.  When you want to do something simple, like make a call, and have to wait 3 minutes for the phone to cooperate, this is unacceptable.  I blame both Verizon and RIM for rushing this phone to market for the holiday season.  I'm sure both companies knew about all the OS problems (hence the quickly released updates with more on the way), but the companies chose to try and cash in.  Shame on them.  I'm stuck with this phone for a while, but will think hard when my contract is up as to whether I will get another Blackberry or re-sign with Verizon.  I am also disappointed that Verizon will not unlock the phone so that I can use it on the GSM networks while overseas.  Initially, the Verizon rep told me that they would unlock it after I had the phone for 3 months.  That time has come and gone and now Verizon said that they will not unlock it at all.  They also tried to tell me that the SIM card was bolted into the phone and could not be removed.  Honestly Verizon, how dumb do you think I am?

I have had this phone for a few weeks now.  This is my first Blackberry device and also my first touchscreen device.  With that said, I cannot compare this product to other Blackberry devices or other touchscreen devices.Overall I really like this phone.  The email feature and the internet browser work very well.  The internet is fast and easy to use, although sometimes when trying to click on a link or button, it will zoom in first.  The phone is programmed to zoom in when the screen is clicked twice, so if you miss the button or link the first time and try and click on it again, it will zoom in.  However, this has happened only a few times to me and was not a big deal.  I would give the internet and email option 5/5 stars.Typing does take a little getting used to, not for the pressing of the screen but for using a touchscreen in general.  I find I make a lot of typos, but fortunately it usually knows what I am trying to type and instantly replaces my mistakes.  If I don't want the word it selects, I can simply hit the backspace once and it will leave the word exactly as I have typed it.  Typing is a bit slower than I would like, but I am also hoping that as I use the device more, I will get better and more accurate at it.  I give the typing 4/5 stars.The screen is very sharp and clear and responsive to selections.  The surepress technology is nice because you have less of a chance of accidentally selecting the wrong thing and then having to back track.  It also highlights what you are selecting in blue before you actually click on it, so you can know what you are selecting before you push.  I give the screen and this portion of the surepress 5/5 stars.The camera takes pretty good quality photos, but it takes too long to actually take the picture.  The delay between pressing the button and the camera taking the picture is much too slow, especially if you are trying to capture anything with movement.  I was disappointed in this aspect as I was trying to combine my phone and camera into one device for simple pictures.  Cell phones in the US are still no replacement for actual cameras, but I was hoping this one would do a better job.  Hopefully a software update can fix this delay.  The quality is still good though, so I give this feature 3/5 stars.Overall, I have been very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to others who want a touchscreen smartphone and do not do extensive typing on their phones.  Extensive typing is much more efficient on a device with a full button keyboard.  I look forward to seeing what other apps Blackberry comes out with for this device.

I Had an AWFUL AWFUL experience with Blackberry that made me never to go back to Blackberry again. THAT hellish speakerphone gets accidentally enabled if you touch it to your cheek. Even the lightest touch. What makes matters 10x worse is When you do it's EXTREMELY LOUD and it does NOT respond quickly enough in trying to turn the Got damn thing off down or off!! I look at this as a security concern. If I was on a personal call and things were discussed of the private nature, EVERYONE WILL HEAR YOU and what you are saying because the f**ng piece of crap does not respond to shutting it off as quick as it's enabled. At that very instance I turned my BB in for an Android. I strongly urge people to stay clear of ANY blackberry if you want to keep your conversations private!

I looked forward to testing this phone, for RIM and Verizon made quite a big hype out of the BlackBerry Storm when it was first released.  I waited until RIM made the necessary software updates to fix whatever bugs the phone came with.  Well, let us say that I'm glad this phone is just for testing.  The touchpad sort of touch screen, where you have to click in order for the letters or whatever to appear on the screen, is very tricky.  Texting and e-mailing are a major pain with this phone.  I always made a mistake while typing, and it takes forever to do something that would ordinarily take seconds to do.  I have small, thin fingers, so I shouldn't have had trouble with this feature.  The accelerometer is also faulty.  Firmware updates fixed this problem, but it is still somewhat sluggish.  Sometimes it took twenty seconds to switch from landscape to normal mode and vice versa.  Voice recognition couldn't be more annoying.  Sometimes I had to shout at the friggin' phone just so that they could understand what I was saying.  (And no, I don't have a heavy foreign accent or mumble when I talk.)  There is also no wifi, a big deal-breaker for me.  Then again, none of the Verizon phones I've tested have had this feature.  Verizon's 3G network is quite good, but noticeably not quite as good as the Sprint network.  (Or at least the Sprint network works better in this area.)  So, in this case, the 3G network is not a good substitute for wifi.  (Which kind of means that I will never switch to Verizon.)But not all of it is bad.  The huge LCD display is beautiful.  The videos look absolutely wonderful in this phone.  The only one that rivals such a display is the BlackBerry Bold (AT&T;).  Visual voice mail is also great.  The browser is pretty good, much better than previous BB browsers, even better than the one in the Bold.  The entertainment parts -- like video, MP3, etc. -- are quite good.  The RIM app store is not quite up to par with Apple yet, but it's not bad either.  Then there are the things that make the BlackBerry special: push e-mail, fast and reliable MMS, voice notes, calendar, etc.  The Storm's look is also quite slick.  It's got that BB look we all know and love, only edgier and sexier.All in all, the BlackBerry Storm is no iPhone killer.  It is by far, in my opinion, the worst touchscreen smartphone on the market.  As a BB fanatic (a.k.a., "CrackBerry"), I was disappointed with this phone.  No wonder Verizon has lowered its contract price and is making cheap promotions on various websites.  If you're in the bargain for a touchscreen smartphone, go for the iPhone 3G S or, if you're not an Apple fan or AT&T; subscriber, go for the Palm Pre or the newest BlackBerrys like the Curve 8900 or the just-released BlackBerry Tour 9630.  You'll thank me later.

I really WANTED this phone to work.  It looks awesome, the screen is sick, and it just feels nice to use.  However, the functionality is just not there.  I only had it lock up on me once in my 30-day trial and with the latest software it was rarely sluggish.  The accelerometer on mine was responsive, but sometimes it had a hard time deciding which way was up.  I really like typing with surepress as long as you took your time.  I actually had Rhapsody prior to this phone, so that compatibility was a plus and subscription music worked no problem.  So overall, everything worked, with patience.In the end though, these are the reasons I traded it in for a Curve:1. Correcting errors in messages is insanely frustrating.  I mean, just stupid.  Using your finger to pinpoint a spot in the text is nearly impossible.  (One fix is making the text super giant size.)2. Actually, call quality and dropped calls were a problem for me.  It's a phone first so let's get that right.  I was coming from a Q, which is not a powerhouse, but that phone worked 2x better with 50% less dropped calls.3. Micro USB connector.  Are you effing kidding me?  How difficult is it just to use a regular mini-USB? (I guess not enough room.) No Wi-Fi was not a big deal for me, but this is just cause it makes me mad.4.  The outside buttons are completely worthless.  They are so easy to push inadvertently that you need to turn them off anyway.  The battery cover tabs catch your pocket sometimes and I don't see those lasting long.5. General functionality.  Again, everything is just more difficult on this phone because of the interface.  The concept is great, but the push action of surepress makes you select wrong things and get into all kinds of trouble.  Browsing isn't that intuitive because fingers are just not that precise.  You end up zooming and loading a page 3 times before you can accurately select a link.  The cursor function is a joke.So for those of you stuck with Verizon and really wanting a solid touch-screen phone all I can say is just be patient with this little guy or wait for it to get better with upgrades or the next version.  Seriously, all this thing needs is a trackpad/ball and it would be the goods...which defeats the purpose of touch screen.Oh PS.  I just think it's funny in the Storm commercial on TV with the guy in the park.  That's about as slow and deliberate as you need to be.  Also, when he motions to scroll the screen it moves the opposite way that it actually does.  Silly people.

Well, perhaps hate is a strong word here. I don't hate the Storm. I wanted to like it so much that I gave it a solid week even after telling myself I was returning it the next day. Bottom line is, what I really wanted was an iphone, but I didn't want AT&T.; So I went with the Storm, as I think Verizon's network is simply the best. So...Pros and cons of the Storm (with .75 update):Pros:Excellent looking screenDecent AppsReceiving E-mail is greatIt's a BlackberryCons:The screens flips to landscape at odd times and then lagsActually using the phone was a cumbersome pain; sound quality is poorUsing the tactile click seemed cool at first, but texting was abysmalEverything was very, very slow even after shutting down appsCamera would turn on for no apparent reason; unacceptableMy ear would actually select another voice mail when using visual voice mail.Did I mention typing anything was a huge pain in the derriere?So, on day six I decided to get the ipod touch 16Gb (no, not the phone). I was literally blown away at how smooth and responsive it was. The Storm was a clumsy oaf in comparison with the interface and apps.The next day, today, I went to the Verizon store and returned it for an LG EnV Touch and the thing is great. I mean, I can actually use the phone and feel like I am talking into a real phone. I can text with ease and not be frustrated. It may not be the powerhouse that the Storm is, but I'll take usability over flash any day.Suggestions: The Storm could be great if it were quicker, much quicker and if it gave the option between simple touch or the tactile click.

Although the Storm is great to view pictures and videos as well as listen to downloaded music, it is a total nightmare to text on. It is very difficult to text and can not be done unless you are looking directly at the phone.It is very sensitive and very easy to hit the wrong keys. I had a Palm TREO as well as the LG EN-V and would much rather go back to one of my previous phones than use this one. I have even thought about just buying another phone in that not having the "buttons" for the letter keys just makes it too much of a hassel to compose a text message.Sending an email is a very labor intensive ordeal and I swore that I would never do it again. I'm hoping that I will eventually become accustomed to it, but it has been over 3 months and I still regret this purchase.

Concept and presentation = A++Implementation = CAs a Blackberry fan I was really looking forward to this model. I'm still a Blackberry fan, but will wait for the next iteration of this model because the keyboard implementation isn't up to RIM's usual standards. The concept and presentation of this Blackberry are really, really nice, but the implementation of the keyboard functions needs further development and debugging. If you're reading this RIM, don't give up on the work you've done with this, just get it matured. The long and helpful review by Dan has all the details.

Blackberry/Verizon is doing a superb job of supporting me on this incredible phone. It can do incredible things - but there is a learning curve!

I really love this thing.  Since upgrading to the newest version of the OS (4.7.0.151) the interface is extremely fast and beautiful to use.  Data transfer speeds are great and the screen quality is better than an iPhone.  They just dropped the price making this phone even better.

I anxiously awaited this phone for a couple months, the day finally came and the phone arrived and what a disappointment it was!I spent about a week trying to "get used" to the feel of the phone, i really gave it every effort but the phone just didn't work the way it should have.  I know there have been software releases to make the phone work the way it was intended but I just didn't have the time to invest in it.I'll make this short and to the point, if you're a business/power email user then this phone will cramp your style, try it out for a week or two and you will see.  Numerous times buttons on the screen were accidentally touched and the camera would come on and different things would activate.The screen rotation system was horrible with a 3-5 second delay from landscape to portrait mode not to mention the phone is just awfully slow.And keep in mind, this wasn't just my phone, i ordered over 5 of these and everyone complained about the same thing, all were sent back.  Even now, a few weeks after the release people that have them still seem disappointed but are "stuck" with them.This would make a great phone for your teenager still in school, but if you use a BlackBerry to make deals happen and to manage your day then this phone is a sad disappointment!!

Is it any coincidence that co-founder of Apple Steve Wozniak also carries a Blackberry? Fact is that Blackberry still reigns in the business world. As intrigued as I am by the iPhone and the huge application offering, the Storm is still king in the smartphone arena. I won't give up my iPod touch anytime soon though!I've had a couple Blackberry products, so by no means am I new convert to Blackberrys. I upgraded to the Storm and received it the Saturday after released. Friends waited in line on release day for many hours, and in all honesty, it only ended up being 12-16 hours later that I got mine from Fed-Ex by the time they made it out of the stores.Out of the box, the operating system (OS) was by no means stunning. It is a good looking phone though! Shortly after the release and the problems of typing and rotation issues, the beta OS'es were hitting the web. These made for HUGE improvements in the functionality of the phone. The downside is that RIM/Verizon is SLOW to release an approved version. The current release is still .75 which fixed all the initial huge problems. All phones are delivered with .75 today. I just completed the installation of .141 this morning, which is rumored (aren't they all?) to be what will be the next official release. I have my doubts, but it is huge improvement over many of the previous beta releases I was running.The memory leaks are FINALLY gone (went away for me with .132). I am running with ~40mb of free memory, and it stays there! Before I moved to the previous beta release of .132 I had to reboot the phone daily because of memory leaks. The upgrade to .142 gave me about 8mb additional free memory.A pointer like box was added in recent beta releases which makes corrections much easier when composing an email.As strange as it may sound, typing has been consistently getting better with the OS updates. I didn't think that this would be possible, thought it was a problem with the implementation of the touch screen.A nice drop in dash mount for my leather Piehl case has also allowed me to replace my Garmin GPS. I chose the Verizon Navigation software as it is discounted through my corporate discount plan, and most importantly traffic is offered in my area. The Garmin BB software didn't offer a manual route around detours which was a problem where there isn't traffic coverage and you are notified of a road closure.The application offering is ever expanding, my favorite of which is Pandora. That replaced my Sirius subscription, and best of all, it is free.The camera isn't half bad for a cell phone, this again has been improved with newer beta releases. Geotagged pictures are pretty neat as I have a pro Flickr account which has built in integration to the phone.&lt;update 5-13-09>I downgraded from the 142 release, and since installed a Hybrid OS running leaked version 141 and a beta of the upcoming 5.0 base OS update. We're in for big things. The 5.0 Bold platform browser which is coming to the Storm is a huge leap forward. The browser is SO much faster under 5.0.Memory utilization is vastly improved as well. I hang in the mid 40mb free range. Mind you the OS shipped on the phone will be less than 10mb and require daily reboots (battery pull unless you get an application-free to do a true reset).Version 141 was rumored to be the next official VZW approved release OS, but it didn't pass QA. I do have a Bluetooth stack issue under 141 where BT cuts out from my S9 headphones after every song. It does the same thing when connected to Bluetooth in my car.

I would give it 0.5 stars if allowed. I've gone through 3 of these Storms already because it stops working so often (usually the buttons). But beyond that, the software and touch screen are terrible. RIM rushed this half-baked junkpiece out for show. They wanted a "touchscreen smartphone" on the market so the business briefs would say that and investors would think "OK, they're competing with Apple." But scratch the surface and there's nothing substantial to this product at all.The Storm truly is the worst, most frustrating, and least trustworthy phone I've ever owned.At times it's worth less than the cheap plastic it's made of. I've wanted to break it in half, stomp the living daylights out of it, and toss it in the deepest hole I could find.OK now that I've vented, let me give you some details.You know how you want a device that just works? Well this one just doesn't work. Its menus are confusing, redundant, and annoying. It has to pause and think about requests. It sometimes pauses for no reason at all, preventing you from making a call or sending a text or what have you.Another problem: select a contact that has multiple phone numbers. Press the phone button to make a call, right? Seems straightforward. Not for the Storm. Instead of then asking WHICH of the multiple phone numbers you want to call, it dumbly goes to the plain phone app and gives you no phone number options at all (short of typing the number in yourself)!The keyboard is OK, but just OK. Nothing great, and sometimes frustrating because you can't actually see what key your (OK, my) chubby finger is depressing. Thus many typos.It also pauses while your typing, too, so you can't enter text smoothly.The camera is atrociously slow, grainy, and dark. I infrequently get a decent picture that I'd like to save or share to my desktop, but too bad the interface software doesn't work (see below). So I end up emailing pics to myself. Not elegant.The interface is kludgy, non-intuitive, and again slow. ARGH!The software for linking to your computer is utterly worthless. Not only does it not work (slow, crashes, freezes 90% of the time), it is again nonintuitive and of near-zero utility. The software engineers should be ashamed of themselves for letting this get out of the gate.If I weren't locked into a long term contract, I would have dumped this device in favor of another BlackBerry (NOT the Storm 2, mind) or the iPhone. Heck I might do that just to save myself from going postal with this thing. Save yourself the heartache and look elsewhere, folks.

Does your computer ever give you the busy signal when it's processing something?  You know, the turning sand clock thing?  The storm has a similar thing, and it comes on A LOT.  (So I guess storm processes a lot...very slowly...).  For example, I'd get a call, I'd click the "unlock screen" button, and would then get a busy processing clock signal.  As I wait, I hear a beep, and still a processing signal.  Finally screen comes on and lo and behold the person has gotten voice mail and left me a message, while I had been sitting waiting to pick up the phone.  What the heck?  Phone didn't do it's phone job!!!!  I call that a failure.It's fun and maybe if I used it for a few months I'd get used to it.  Everyone I've spoken with says this phone has a "high learning curve."  That's dumb.  A phone should be easy to use, and I shouldn't have to 'work' to get used to it.  It should be blissful right off the bat.I recommend getting something else.  I'm personally gonna go with the Samsung Saga.  It's touchscreen, plus has a stylus, plus has a mouse, plus has a full keyboard.  Easy to use.  Great.(Iphone is a similar pain in the neck...people say typing on that is also a huge hassle until you 'get used to it' which means you have to try typing something 3x before you actually get it.  Ach.)PS. I DID take my phone to the store to exchange it because I thought I had a bad one, but the folks said that was "totally normal."  Also, the phone takes 5minutes to restart- so forget battery pulls to speed things up!  And trust me 5 minutes feels like forever when you need to make a call. (I thought this was an indication I had a bad phone, but the store people said this was totally normal as well.  Plus many sites online say it's typical for the storm.) booo.

If you are even remotely intelligent, do not buy this phone.  I'm an idiot and fell for the cool look, graphics, and apps and I have been kicking myself since.  THIS IS NO I-PHONE!!  I lose an average of 2 calls per day (do you hear me now, Verizon?  You suck!).  The phone freezes up about 3 times per day.  It takes 10 times longer to text or e-mail, etc.

I am going to keep this short since I'm about to go to the Verizon store to replace the "Storm" (aptly named) with a Curve.  This phone is a disaster.  Very buggy, which while the bugs can be fixed with upgrades, will never fix the really (for me, at least) difficult to use touchscreen keyboard.  The problem is that it is nearly impossible not to touch a nearby key on the keyboard and that slows one down considerably.  I've tried, I really wanted this phone to be great given all the features, but can't stand it.  Also, if you want to use the keyboard, you have to go to menu, scroll down (should be a top menu choice) and then select "Show keyboard."  That's an annoyance after being used to having a keyboard (a real one) right on the device.  When entering information into a field on a webpage, the keyboard does automatically come up.  But you have to tap exactly into the field data entry box on the page (good luck in doing that; you can magnify the page but then have to demagnify the page to view it after entering your text).  Just too user unfriendly and an enormous missed opportunity by RIM to create something great.

I returned the phone. crashes, slows down, restarts, volume control issues. why pay $200 for these kind of problems. My friend has the same phone, same issues and is in denial. If you're courious about the phone,try it, but dont feel obligated to keep it. In this economic struggle, play the roll of the consumer. Force big companies like this to not cut corners and make something good, not just make $$. Find out return policies. BB, Verizon, Rim, did nothing to help with the problems.

I've had the Storm now for nearly 4 months.  Got mine the day they released them.  In that time I've grown quite attached to this device and the closer they get to the "Gold Code" operating system, the better it gets.  Yes, I do think it got pushed out the door a little before it was ready, yes I think it still needs a little tweaking to the O.S. and yes I still think it's the best thing since beer.  The combination of GPS and internet has gotten me to and from places I was unfamiliar with, my email gets to me within a minute after it arrives, voice quality is good, bluetooth functions perfectly (and does stereo too!), SMS/MMS messaging works nicely, it records video, and the camera 9while it could be a little faster) takes amazing pictures even as close as 1.5 inches from the lens.  It's GREAT for taking photos of text documents and what not...something most cameras (especially on phones) can't handle.  And to top it off, it links to my car stereo via bluetooth for MP3 playback, which is the coolest thing ever.So yeah, I love this phone!  Is it for everyone?  No.  It takes a couple weeks to get used to how it functions and using the keyboard.  Once you get it down tough, it's great.  Anyone who gave in after only a day or two should have tried a little harder, but they're missing out. ;)

It's very simple:  I've had this phone for 3 weeks, and it's basically unusable because the phone will crash every few hours.  It will crash (and become unusable unless you take out the battery and wait 5 minutes) sometimes when you take a call, make a call, take a photo, take a movie, send an email, play some music, etc.The phone is simply not reliable, and unless you don't mind losing calls or having your phone crash when it's supposed to wake you up in alarm mode, this phone is not for you.

If you have been researching this phone you are likely to have come across a lot of negitive reviews comparing it to the iPhone. I must admit that if Verizon had the iPhone I might have chosen it over this (at least until RIM releases a software patch or two). But as it is AT&T; service is horrible, so the iPhone os not an option for me and those who prefer Verizon's service. If you want to stay with Verizon this is a great phone. Let me give a run down of its pros and cons.PROS:-It has great reception (the most important feature seeing as its a phone).-Its a touch screen, which can be a pro or con depending on whether you can get used to a touch screen or not.-Decent internet speed, even indoors.-Good MP3 and video playing capabilities, on par with the iPhone I tried.-A great camera as far as phones go. Obviously not a replacement for a stand alone camera, but no phone camera is.-Unlike my old Curve you can use the built in GPS without paying for VZNavigator.-Bright, clear screen that is much better looking than the iPhone I tried.-Sleek look.-Its a Blackberry, previous and current BB users will find a lot of familier features here.-Does not require iTunes, but it supports it if you wish to use it.CONS:-Its slow. It often freezes while doing the simplest things like turning or switching menus. On the bright side this seems like it could be fixed with a software upgrade.-Its a touch screen, which can be a pro or con depending on whether you can get used to a touch screen or not.-Like the iPhone (and any other touchscreen phone), the on screen keyboard can take some getting used to. In this case the SureType feature in particular.-Typicall early adobter syndrom. If you buy this you know that it is likely an improved version will be released in a year or two. Also as of right now accessories are hard to come by along with apps taylored to the Storm (luckely most Blackberry aps work on it). The last two issues will likely dissapear when the stores stock more accessories and the App Store launches next year (along with more 3rd parties supporting the Storm).All in all I'd say if you want a an iPhone, without switching to AT&T; and their lousy service you won't regret getting a Storm. I love it, and its likely to only get better through software updates. As for the price its basically $30 or $45 (depending on whether you need/want corperate e-mail or not) on top of your regular Voice plan charges, as is the case with all Blackberry devices.

Great phone, though the software needs to be hashed out a bit more (which RIM is doing).

****** Update:Ok so I wrote one review ripping on it as junk. Went through two Storms in 4 days. Freeze machine. Slow. Horrible. Then I tried this before I took back the second phone and it seems to be working MUCH better. Overnight it went from unbelievable junk to something very workable. I still gave it one stars because it's only been two issue free, happy days in a row...:Make sure you have the latest OS- .148Select "Options">"Mobile Network">then the blackberry key>"diagnostic test">"Run".It goes through it's motions then emails you some numbers when it's finished- a couple of minutes at most. I've now got the phone I actually thought I was getting a week ago..... Try it as see if it works for you.***********************Ok spent the first two days with this phone rebooting, taking the battery, watching the "stuck" clock hands go 'round-and-'round, wating for 40 seconds to disconnect after a call(when I could actually make one) then exchanged it for another. Spent the next two days doing the exact same thing. It amazes me how a company can put crap like this out and get a way with it. They've taken a page out of the software companies manual and put out garbage and shaft the consumer. They sell an "idea" but implementation falls far short.I can't stress again how much of a piece of junk this phone is. My software is up-to-date so that's not an excuse, I'm on my second piece of hardware so the chances of that being the issue is diminished. I posted my disappointment on my FB account and got inundated with stories of the same. I haven't been able to make two phone calls in a row without an issue, surfing the web between freezes is a joke, texting actually worked fine between reboots. As for video, when I did get the phone to actually take a video it was hit or miss on whether it could actually play the video back. I mean I took the video with the camera then the camera says "play back of this file type not supported" WTF!!I compared internet and app speeds with a friends iphone, between reboots/taking the battery out, and it was a joke. Oh and the camera appears to have less the 1 mp worth of resolution. 3.2? I don't think so..I honestly can't fathom what the idiots at RIM were thinking by letting this useless piece of turd out.Tomorrow it goes back yet again but this time no exchanges. There's enough feedback around the web to realize this thing is literally a piece of XXXX and no amount of software updates is going to change that. If I were a lawyer I'd sue for the aggravation this falsely advertised hunk of junk has caused. Not to mention numerous business calls lost.At least the clerks at the local Verizon store have been friendly, though not very helpful. I guess they're used to getting these phones returned.I curse the day, a meager 4 days ago, I let the salesmen talk me into buying this thing. I went in for a Tour and came out with the shaft......I'm copying this review and posting everywhere I can. I've honestly never been so disgusted with a product before in my life and am going to do my part to make sure as many people know about this piece of garbage as possible.

This is a copy of a previous review I posted. I cannot BELIEVE The people who have serious complaints about this phone! I think the title of my review indicates how I feel about some of them.Pros: Touch screen, apps, function, well thought out, sync with Outlook, camera, email set up and function, call quality, speaker phone, speakers, music player, 8 gig micro SD, standard headphone jack...Cons: Embedded menus a bit much, some menu screens a bit austere, browser seems a somewhat slow.Quite simply: It is arguably the best "Smartphone" out there. Yes, it has some flaws, but they are FAR outweighed by its function. After a few spins around the block, it is one magnificent device. (As long as you have the latest firmware update.)It does anything and everything you want, and does most of it well. The feedback from the click screen is a great feature, imo. (When I use my iPod Touch, I end up attempting to push the screen in!!)I have had them all, and to paraphrase a well known slogan: "You can have my Storm when you pry it from my cold, dead hands!Updated on Jan 18, 2009Still LOVE it-Ideally, I would like it to be a bit "snappier," and responsive. It needs just a bit. I trust that will be taken care of with subsequent firmware upgrades. To me it's a joy.

I always check the reviews of a product before buying it. When I first saw the reviews of the BB storm I was very disappointed. But even with such low rating I was convinced with some of the higher rated reviews and decided to go ahead and buy this phone. When I finally got it let me tell you, I was disappointed with its performance and how difficult it was to text (so in my head I was feeling as I should have followed my habit of always buying a product taking account of it's reviews). So I decided to investigate a little more about this problem and found out that you could fix almost every problem with the phone by just upgrading the OS. Let me tell you the difference is amazing. Its now really easy to text, apps work smoothly, and let me tell you.... it has become an iphone killer. The quality of audio and video (resolution) is so much better. The 3g Internet is much faster than the iphone.. So in conclusion if there are any bad reviews about this phone it was because the engineers over at rim, had not yet deciphered the right software for this phone, now that you can download the latest OS I think it'll start to get much higher opinions. It really is a great phone.

If you read the "5 star" ratings you would think that this is the best phone ever made. Having owned this phone for 9 months I can tell you that:A: The rave ratings were, in my opinion, either written by RIM/BB employees (or other shills) or are very old reviews that were written when it was newly released and exciting - I myself might have written such a review when I received my first BB Storm (currently on my 3rd).B: If you are a business user and have this phone, I feel your pain.C: If you read this review along with the multitude of other negative reviews and STILL want a Storm...then let this serve as a proactive "I told you so".PS: I have nothing against other BB's...and I plan to replace this piece of %$#@ with another Blackberry model, because as a business user I can't effectively do my job without the BB email capability.Hope this review serves to prevent for others, the extremely unpleasant experiences I have had with this "Smart Phone". What were those experiences? Read the other "1 star" reviews...my thoughts exactly.

I got this phone thinking it would be a lot better than it was. It is so annoyingly slow. It has lots of bugs and drives me crazy. Nearly every day I want to beat it with my hammer. I would rather have one of those old brick phones than this piece of junk. Don't waste your money!!!

I wanted to love this phone but having a screen that clicks just was not a good design.  The mere fact that you have to press, then let go to register a click makes it inherently slow. Plus you cant type without making a lot of racket, like during a business meeting or at the movies.  Maybe RIM should give you the option to turn clicking off so u can use it like any old touch screen.The device actually has gaps between the screen and the rest of the body, allowing dust and dirt to get into your phone!  On some on the shipped storms, clicks were not registering on the outer edges of the screen, necessitating uses to stuff paper, etc. in the battery compartment to make the storm work correctly.  Are u friggin kidding me? lolThe worse part of typing is actually the keyboard software itself.  Try typing any combination of numbers and letters and you are in for an experience.  Too many button presses are required to alternate between numbers and letters.  Touch screen keyboards have been around for ever.  You'd think RIM would give you something new that works well.  The storm landscape keyboard isn't as good as my old win mobile on screen keyboard from years ago.If you are use to bb's with a trackball, you are going to find navigating the storm a pain.  Try scrolling any long page.  It takes forever.  Maybe they will put a trackball on the next storm, or at least give u accelerated flicking like u see in the iphone.I wont even mention the slow camera, check error, random reboots, slow accelerometer, bad browser, etc since those things may get fixed if they haven't been already.  Just dont expect to be able to run lots of apps like you see on the iphone.  It's simply not going to happen.I'll be using the bb curve until verizon release the bb storm or the palm pre.

I purchased a Blackberry Storm three months ago. It was my first "smart phone." I wanted to stick with Verizon and this seemed like the best choice. Last week, however, I cancelled my Verizon Blackberry service and switched to an iPhone. Yes, I had to pay a cancellation fee to Verizon, but I don't care. This review explains why I made this switch and I'm GLAD I did.The Storm is not really a bad product. It does some things very well, i.e., those things that Blackberry devices as a group do well. If your major concern is to gain access to email quickly and efficiently, the Storm will not disappoint. You can configure the Storm for multiple email accounts and have all of the emails come up in a single "messages" folder, something you can't do with an iPhone. It's also convenient to have the choice of deleting emails just on the device or on the server, as well. I found the SureType system for entering text to be easy to use once learned. Many people hate SureType, but with some patience and practice I found it to be terrific. For those who prefer a traditional full keyboard, the recent software upgrade incorporated a full vertical QWERTY keyboard to complement the previously provided horizontal one.I found the click screen adequately responsive, and the incorporation of swiping and finger-hovering functions is useful. Inputting calendar entries takes a bit of practice with these swiping/hovering techniques, but after a few days I had mastered the skill. The calendar function itself is sophisticated and integrates well with the phone and contacts features. The option to create multiple calendars is a useful feature. And as other reviewers have commented, the clarity of the screen is excellent. The browser system is good and includes a convenient "home screen" where one can search or access bookmarks easily and quickly. The battery is removable, and media can be stored on removable mini-SD cards (an 8 gb card is included).The various features of the Storm are accessible via small, iPhone-like icons on the home screen, which can be arranged as one wishes. Phone features are quite extensive, although the audio quality of phone calls leaves something to be desired.So--as a "Blackberry," the Storm performs adequately and its touch-screen features make it find of fun to use. Moreover, recent software updates have ameliorated some of the performance issues that plagued early users. That's the good news.Now comes the bad news. The Storm has been billed as an "iPhone killer," competition for Apple's highly successful product. It's in this head-to-head competition that the Storm falls significantly short. The fundamental problem seems to be that whereas the iPhone was designed from the beginning to be a multifunction device, the Storm apparently was based upon a design that is not really ideal for what the engineers were asked to accomplish here. The most annoying problems stem from the fact that the Storm is endowed with only very limited application memory. Apparently each time the Storm is started up at least some of this limited application memory is taken up by all of the installed programs. If one installs more than a very few "apps" that use significant memory, the device's overall performance suffers. Moreover there are continuing problems of "memory leakage." Over the course of a day during which apps are opened and closed the available memory slowly seeps away until the Storm slows to a crawl and to regain speed one has to do a "battery pull" to reboot the system and free up application memory. It is telling that one of the most popular applications used by Storm owners is "Quick Pull," a program that functions to reboot the system without the necessity of physically removing the battery.One can slow this memory leakage by using the pulldown menus to close apps each time they are used, rather than simply hitting the "red phone" stop button to put them away (still open in the background, apparently). This can be a pain: sometimes closing out of an app requires a multiple-step process that becomes laborious. Even if one  carefully closes each application the memory leakage proceeds anyway, albeit more slowly. I could never get through an entire day without rebooting the device at least once. Since this takes several minutes, it can be truly inconvenient.This memory problem poisons the entire Storm user experience. With much fanfare, Blackberry opened up its "app store" not long ago. There are not nearly as many apps available as there are for the iPhone (that's putting it mildly), but theoretically, most of the tasks that iPhone apps perform can now be accomplished through corresponding Storm apps. The bigger problem is that whereas iPhone users can add literally scores of apps to their phones will no real loss of speed, Storm owners must be oh, so careful not to overload their devices and thus slow the operating system down. I recall that when I finally decided to delete the preinstalled Verizon VZ Navigator program the Storm suddenly performed much better overall.As an entertainment device the Blackberry is barely adequate. It includes a music player that exhibits good sound quality but the system for adding music and synchronizing media with one's computer does not compare with Apple's iTunes. I ultimately found it easier to simply remove the 8gb mini-SD card and transfer my own music files directly to the card, rather than downloading the overpriced Verizon V Cast media or trying to synchronize and upload my music using the provided buggy, slow Roxie software. Moreover, some music fans (like me) will be disappointed that there is no gapless playback with the Storm (meaning that successive tracks that are meant to play nonstop with no gaps will exhibit an annoying instant of interruption).The Storm can play movies; in fact, the device comes preloaded with a very impressive film preview clip ("Babylon AD")that appears bright and bold on the screen. However, it is difficult to impossible to buy or rent videos to download to the Storm. One can buy programs that enable users to rip DVD's and configure them for the Storm, but compare this "convenience" to the availability of prepared videos for sale or rent via iTunes.As a photographer, I can attest that all cameras incorporated into cell phones are terrible. The Storm's has some nice features, including a tiny flash and a (digital) zoom function, but the resulting images (and videos) are not very good. The iPhone once lagged in this area (i.e., no video camera) but with the release of the new 3Gs model the devices are now equally mediocre when it comes to photography.Other Storm problems: It's a good idea to lock the screen when the device is not in use; otherwise pressure on the screen can accidentally start programs and problems ensue. The iPhone uses a top-lock button to lock its screen and finger-slide to unlock it. The Blackberry has a top lock button to both lock and unlock the screen. The problem is that sometimes one clicks on the button to unlock the screen and there is no apparent response. Naturally, one clicks the button again, only to find that the screen finally unlocks but then locks again. This small performance issue can be quite annoying when one is trying to access Storm features during a busy day.Also, the Storm lacks WiFi. This is not a fatal flaw, but since WiFi where available is faster and uses less battery power, it's something that really should have been included.Overall, the iPhone is faster, easier to use, can do more, and definitely more fun. Apple excels at creating user-friendly products that get the little things right. The Storm is Blackberry's first attempt at a consumer-oriented smart phone, and it's clearly a work in progress. There may eventually be multifunction phone products that will rival the iPhone, but the Storm is not a serious challenger.

I realize that Blackberry products have been out for awhile now and that experienced users may be less impressed by all the things the Storm can do but as a new user, I can't believe how long I've gone without one.First of all, I've held off getting an iphone for quite awhile now despite having a month to month cell phone plan for awhile because I didn't want to leave the Verizon network (patiently waiting for the Storm).  Despite all its features, a smartphone is a phone first and foremost and a cell phone is only as good as its network.Essentially, I wanted something which held its own against the iphone and yet allow me to stay with Verizon.  Alas, I'm a proud owner of a Blackberry Storm 9530.Now for the Good:Versatility- I can check email, browse the web, read and edit documents (.doc, .xls, .ppt), tether to my laptop for internet connectivity, IM on gchat, etc.Touch Screen- I was nervous about the keyboard because I kept mistyping the demo they had at my local Verizon store.  I went ahead and purchased it anyways and the update seemed to have resolved the issue for me.  I should add tho that the auto-word feature is annoying but at times comical in its stubborn insistence.  The screen is bright, looks great and the keyboard takes some getting used to but works with the update.  I also like the tactile feel of the screen which gives feedback.Voice Dial- No programming required and the voice recognition works well.Battery Life- I can go 2 days without recharging.  I do have my screen brightness setting at 20% but it's still very bright.Cut/Paste- It doesn't work in all case but still very useful and something the iphone doesn't do.Now the Bad:Speed- Or lack thereof.  Almost anything I do on the Storm has a slight delay to it.  Whether it's rotating the screen to the alternate view (portrait and landscape), looking up contacts, dialing numbers- everything is just a tad slower than you would want.  The only time it's become a real annoyance is when I'm fumbling to access the numeric pad while I'm on the phone.The Ugly:Transferring contacts was a pain.  I had to import each contact one by one as a media transfer using bluetooth connection.  For $10, the local Verizon store can sync everything for you but still it shouldn't be this cumbersome.GPS- The BB app is free to use (which apparently hasn't been the case with previous BB's) but is painfully slow.  The maps render way too slowly and I would only use it if I were lost in Siberia.All in all, I think it's a good product.  If you're looking for something which can hold its own against an iphone but want to stay on the Verizon network, it's a solid (probably your only) choice.

I have owned the Blackberry Storm since the first day it was released.The phone is like a bottle of wine that holds a lot of promise after aging 5-10 years but not drinkable now.The phones software and applications are not remotely ready - the applications don't work well with the touch screen, switching between portrait/landscape is troublesome, etc.  I could literally list 50 different examples of core functionality not working well.I'm hoping that that future software/firmware updates corrects the many bugs.If you are not a business user with stringent requirements around Microsoft Exchange integration (calendar/email/contacts) than get an iPhone.  If you are still think about getting a Storm, wait until Blackberry has a desktop version of the software newer than 17-Nov-08 (version 4.7.0 B50).

I just purchased this phone yesterday and I was super excited.  I'm totally keen on an iPhone but we have Verizon and I just can't switch to AT&T.  I love it except for one thing... it keeps crashing!  Seriously, and it doesn't matter what I do.  On a phone call, typing, reading an email.  I'm going to exchange it for a different one to see if it is any better or else I'm going to swap it for a different Blackberry.

Just a quick comment. I lasted about a week with this phone before I traded in for a tour. I text alot and it wasn't at all user friendly. The tour has this one beat hands down..

I recently upgraded to the Blackberry Storm, primarily to be able to integrate my calendar, tasks, and emails with an easy-to-use mobile platform.  Obviously, this is the purpose of a Blackberry, and so I must say that the Storm does what I wanted it to do.  My only frustration with the Blackberry is that it is sometimes slow - especially at startup.  The video player is extremely impressive; the camera is good (exceptional for a phone...); and its application features are more than sufficient.  There are, of course, faster and more advanced smartphones available now, but for the reduced price of the Storm it has incredible value.

As merely a cell phone, the Storm would be mediocre at best. In fact, my prior LG clamshell phone was a better phone in terms of handling, use and overall experience. But the Storm was not designed to be merely a phone, and I didn't buy it for that purpose. The Storm is a multimedia device, and after having the phone for three weeks now, I can say that I had my doubts, but am now satisfied and intend to keep the phone. I did my homework on new phones and went with the Storm once the Blackberry App World received glowing reviews within days of its launch on April 1, 2009. There is a learning curve with the Storm, but once you learn how the device works, it can be a useful and functional computer in your pocket. Many reviews complain about how buggy and slow the phone can be (and prior models and OS were apparently), but I have learned that the key to optimum performance for the Storm is managing the application memory. Close all applications properly, do an occasional battery pull (or get a free app to simulate one) and learn a few other tricks and you can have a wide-range multimedia device on a network faster than AT&T.; Pandora is now available for free through the App World, which, as a music lover, is worth quite a bit to me. Not to mention the ability to take pictures with the Storm's 3.2 mp camera and upload them on my Flickr account within seconds. Like I said - a multimedia device.The instruction manual Verizon provides with the phone is virtually useless for anyone vaguely familiar with how a Blackberry works. But with an investment of time online at [...] and a few other sites you too can unleash the Storm's full potential. This is a strong touchscreen debut for RIM and the Storm will only get better with time (may I suggest a trackball/touchscreen combination).

have fun waiting 6 seconds everytime you press a button, and if you press one by mistake have fun letting this processor figure out what you want to do while you stand there in public looking at your crackberry.  takes 30 seconds just to re-vert the screen.  video and music is great, but when i need to make a call when its important this thing allways fails...  ive had it for a week and the screen is getting glitched lines already, and it gets stuck on a white load screen,  ive had he phone for 2 weeks and the thing barley starts up,not even worth the time i spent adding my contact.i can barley get the thing to turn on,  it takes 10 minutes to get off this blank white screen,  i swear this phone is going to last me another week.  \

typing is really annoying on this phone one of the worst touchsreen phones i have ever used if the typing mechanism breaks your sol and have to buy a new phone

when i first saw the commercials, i first thought wow a touch screen phone like the iphone? but NOPE, this phone you have to click if you wanted to text or go to other programs. the advertisement deliberately tricked us into thinking that its a touch screen which it isnt. when i try to text faster the keyboard disappears on me and you cant try to text fast because you have to click one letter and a time and if you try to click more than one letter at a time it wont let you. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE ! ITS A PIECE OF CRAP !

This phone is terrible. I have had every blackberry known to man since 2003. I love blackberry - and have loved all of them until now. It's slow, sluggish, and hangs up. If you are using blackberry for business applications like myself - skip it. Keep the curve or get the bold.

I've tried to give this phone a chance, but it really is garbage.  In trying to be everything, it does nothing well.  It's slow to respond to EVERY command and just gets more frustrating to use the longer you have it.  My fingers are unfortunately a little bigger than pencil erasers, so typing on the keyboard typically results in being off by one letter.  Want to call a contact?  Be ready to focus and push about five different buttons before you get there (including 2 you didn't want to push). I'm surprised there haven't been more car accidents attributed to this phone... definitely don't try to use it when you drive. Applications are really limited - don't bother trying to upload any games... the software is way too slow to let you play anything other than solitaire or board games where there is no action.  Stay away until they come up with a new one or figure out how to write faster software.  I was a Blackberry fan until they released this... hope this doesn't take them down Motorola lane... I know they can do better.  Get an iphone... get anything... just don't get this.

I've had this phone for about 2-3 months now- switched from the LG VX8700 during the buy-one-get-one offer.  This has to be the worst phone I've ever used, the only reason I've kept it is the fantastic email service, web-browsing, and the Verizon network.  The Verizon network gives pretty great web speed (Im located in Manhattan) and the email service is easy to use, set-up, and has some great search functions. The phone has great call clarity and a very sensitive mic that can pick up any street noise.  Just about everyone around me has an iphone and the verdict is that this phone in no way shape or form can even touch the iphone.Everything else about the phone is awful.  I've just spent the last hour taking pictures with it (not by choice) and it crashed after every couple of pictures.  This is not uncommon.  The phone loves to randomly crash, during anything!  Verizon may have the best network but that doesn't mean anything when the phone itself is prone to randomly shutting down for no reason.  And it takes a long time for it to boot back up and verify security.Time is a common theme of this phone.  It likes to use a lot of it.  Switching between apps? Oh lets sit at a black screen for a few seconds.  One of the best features of the phone is its 'clock display' but to leave this mode will oftentimes freeze up the screen for 1-2 seconds.  If you think, oh thats only a second it doesn't bother me, I promise you it will after 2 months when everyone around you has technology that doesn't lag like an AOL dial-up browser.The accelerometer is the most frustrating implementation of technology ever.  This phone can NEVER figure out which way you are holding it, portrait or landscape? up or down?  My a** or a hole in the ground?  It will never switch to the proper layout easily.  And this is a HUGE problem since the landscape keyboard is the only one that works.Switching between applications is like gambling.  It might be quick it might take all day or it might just crash the thing again.Making phone calls is a nightmare.  If you press it just a little too hard against your ear it will switch to speakerphone or 'flash'.  Making a call that involves entering a button code or sequence is always fun because the screen will shut off after the call has been made and you are left guessing where to hit the screen to bring up the button pad.  And it just might crash in the process.The battery is just atrocious, it will not last a full 24 hours with bluetooth, gps, and the network on and regular use.  If you don't charge it every night you will have problems unless you shut off gps and bluetooth and use minimal email/internet.Also, if you own a mac you have to use beta software to sync it or 3rd party applications.And once you have your music synced it will never shut off your music player unless you stop it and close it all the way (which takes a few seconds of navigating menus - not just hitting 'end call') - if you pull the headphones out, say at a checkout line, it will just switch the music to speaker at whatever volume you had.Along those lines, 'end call' does not shut off any applications, you have to shut them off manually by navigating the menu.  if you have too many applications running in the background the phone will be slower and crash more.  Also since the phone does not automatically shut down applications by end-calling out to the main menu the phone has a propensity to accumulate background apps that you THOUGHT you had shut down.overall, do not want and kill it with fire. from space.  just to be sure.

What a crappy phone. I bought one when they first came out.(9530) I'm on my fourth one. Constant troubles. I'm not even trying to run any more apps than the phone comes with. Sometimes it will lagg so that I cannot answer the phone when I get a call... sometimes it will not ring. My phone is in pristine condition. I've spent hours on the phone with tech support. I've tried every different os version. nothing will make this phone what it is supposed to be. This is my last Blackberry.

The Good:Video camera and cameraThe Bad:Clumsy (and slow) media playerInability to stream media (i.e. Pandora) through 3G networkCannot load Flash player onto browser (for YouTube)Absolutely cannot text with one hand!Keyboard is VERY tough to use.  I text a lot less because the keyboard is so tough to use (could be a blessing in disguise)As you can see, the bad outweighs the good on this phone - I recommend waiting until BB figures out how to improve on the keyboard and upgrades the software.SatNav system is additional $9.99 per month!

I have used several different makes and models of cell phones and I can say that the Blackberry STorm is the very worst of anything I have used.  The keyboard will type letters that were not touched...the lag time is too long... the voice dialing does not work half the time...I could go on and on but I just wish I would have gone with the Iphone.  At this point I am stuck with a phone I hate and a two year contract-Joy!

I'm going to keep this short and sweet, I've been with Verizon for about 10 years now with no complaints. I'm one who has to have the latest in phone technology. My last phone was a Blackberry Pearl, it was great and I loved it. Except it was so small and kind of flimsy. I absolutely love my Blackberry Storm, it has everything I can imagine a phone having. I've had it just a couple of days now and I can hardly stop playing with it, figuring out all the old and new features it has. I didn't have any trouble navigating the main menu because I knew how to since I owned a Blackberry before (which helps). Bottom line, it's by far the greatest phone I've ever had.

This is like the days of vapor ware. All kinds of promise but much lacking. The orientation of the screen hangs constantly. Try texting from the profile mode for alot of frustration as well. Battery life is 1 day with lite use. How many people have called me to ask why I have called them after the touchscreen auto dials. Listening to messages is a challenge as your ear stops them by activating the pause button on the touchscreen.Verizon called me out of the blue and asked me how the phone was doing after I had it a few months. They know the phone is a goner.Today I called to get some help as the browser/internet is connecting but a joke to use with touchscreen. Way to touchy and takes you many places you do not want to go. Try doing a stock trade...it is bad. They wanted another 30.00 a month to fix that so it could be teathered to a laptop.Goodbye Blackberry, we hardly knew ye.Update 3/28/2009Hope everyone realizes if you run out of battery power with this phone that loves to consume it rapidly, you cannot plug it in and use the power from your car/wallsocket to make a call.It must recharge first. Bad news.Update 6/16/09Phone, along with many others, self destructed after a security update taking all 170 Names and numbers with it. The 8 gig card in it does not back up your names and numbers it turns out. Imagine that. A engineering disaster this phone.

6-22-2009 foreword:I'm going to make this foreword short and sweet, after trying my friends iPhone 3Gs it just blows away my Storm, the little advantages I once had with the Storm (copy and paste, movie mode etc.) are now mostly gone and between that and the much better software execution on the iPhone I am now suggesting that you get an iPhone if you don't care what carrier you use.  For those of us with Verizon I hear our iPhone is on the way next year.For those of you still interested in my journey over the past half year with a Storm compared to the older iPhone or if you still really want a Storm read on.If you have to have a Blackberry but you love playing movies, songs and showing photos this is the one. If you need to type out hundreds of e-mails a week with one hand typing and one driving you need the more traditional Blackberries.5-2-2009 Screen Clarity update:The screen on my Storm continues to impress! Did you take some photos you really want to show off?  Photos of the family, or say photos of  Hugh Jackman and the cast of X-Men Origins: Wolverine  at the World  Premiere.  You will always have them with you on your storm and they will look very impressive indeed.  Click this link to see photos I'm showing off on my storm [...]4-3-2009 Battery update:I've noticed lately after several months use that my Storm's battery is luck to make it through the work day now.  Not sure if it's the way I have charged the battery or it's already losing it's power to hold a charge.Introduction:My old Verizon XV6700 was giving out and I needed a new phone.I borrowed my friend's iPhone and played with it and loved it.  But then I found out Verizon Wireless does not allow me to use an iPhone.  And then my friend told me about the dismal coverage and dropped calls using AT&T; so I decided to go with something that Verizon has.Review:My first thoughts were what a slick looking phone.  The Storm fit well in my hand and my pocket and the screen looked amazing: sharp, bright and great contrast.  The local Verizon Wireless store copied all my contact info over from my XV6700 and I was on my way.I loved the fact that I could open the back and replace the battery; memory card and SIM card myself.My second thoughts were what a slow phone.  It got faster after a while and you might not notice it if and this is a big IF you had not just played with an iPhone.  But turning the camera from portrait to landscape mode is not even close to the speed and smoothness of my friend's iPhone.  In fact none of the menus are as smooth and fast as the iPhone.Multimedia Experience:Now this is where the Storm really rains all over the iPhone's parade.  The screen is much brighter and sharper then the iPhone.  So much so that you can actually see every detail of a photo and watch a video outside in direct sunlight.  My friends iPhone was pretty dim in direct sunlight.  The speaker phone just blows away the iPhone, it's no contest not even close.  Both phones take headphones and both sounded good listening to music through the headphones.  I really like the fact that I can download TV shows and video to the Storm right on to the video card without using iTunes.  But if you want you can sync your iTunes to the Storm just like the iPhone.  You can also import playlists from iTunes or create your own right on the phone.Desktop Software:Blackberry Desktop ManagerThe initial software I got with the phone Blackberry desktop manager was very buggy both on the work computer (Windows XP) and my home computer (Mac OS-X Tiger).  Surprisingly the Windows XP version was the most problematic.  At least after loading the desktop manager on my Mac and working with Blackberry phone support I was eventually able to setup and transfer iTunes songs, my address book etc to my storm from my Mac.  I still haven't been able to get my Windows XP to do a correct sync.V CAST Music with Rhapsody:I'm sorry this software is just junk!  Don't bother loading this hard to use featureless software on your computer use the Blackberry Desktop Manager and iTunes instead.Storm VS. iPhone:PhoneStorm wins (Storm has great call clarity with no dropped calls and really loud speakers.  No matter where in our work buildings I went I could always place and receive calls with the Storm.  The iPhone at times had no reception deep inside the buildings and when using the external speakers the Storm was the clear and loud leader.  Both had good features for looking up contacts adding photos to contacts and controlling incoming and outgoing calls.  Also lots of ring tone options and features etc. are available for both with the Storm being able to add ring tones by simply saving files to the correct folder on the memory card.ScreenStorm hands down winner! (Brighter, sharper, clearer, more contrast)MenusiPhone hands down winner! (Intuitive to learn screen selections, smooth, refined graphics, slick transitions)TypingUpdated 12-3-2008iPhone hands down winner (with just a little practice on my friends iPhone I was typing away pretty confidently with little fatigue)  My Storm on the other hand took a lot of practice and I'm still pretty slow.  And the click to choose has inconsistent pressure with items clicked in corners harder to push then in the center which takes some getting used to as well.  Also, there is no cursor guide scroll button / device.  Which means when you want to select a different area of text you just typed on your Storm it's a frustrating thing.  My old VX6700 allowed you to tab through areas and select text with precision.  Before buying you may want to stop at a Verizon store and try typing for yourself just to be sure you like it.  I can see it being good enough for causal users but not good enough for the average business person.Storm Typing Tips:I learned if you place your finger over the area and highlighted it first then press until the screen clicks you are more likely to get the right letter or number.  Also make sure your finger is actually over the middle of the number or letter.  I had an initial tendency to get the letter below to  the right instead of the one I wanted.Copy and Paste:Storm hands down winner (Storm has it, iPhone does not)SpeedUpdated 12-06-08The iPhone is still the winner after software update 4.7.0.75 but the Storm is now MUCH faster then it used to be.  The iPhone still seems like an extension of your brain but the Storm is almost as fast now.  And after the update the Storm no longer just sits there when rotating the phone from portrait to landscape mode like it used to.  Now it usually rotates in less then a second.Speaker PhoneStorm hands down winner! (Blows away the iPhone)MusicTieSize:Tie both are close enough in size the iPhone a little longer but thinner.  The Storm a little heaver and thicker.BatteryStorm hands down winner!  (You can buy an extra battery to take along to swap out and it lasts a little longer).  And as a bonus it charges really fast!12-07-08 UpdateMade a two hour call last night on the Storm including looking up several contacts and looking around on the camera for almost half that time during the call.  I only used 1 battery bar up during that time!!  I had 4 bars left on the battery meter after the call!  I'm very impressed my old VX6700 would have been DEAD after a two hour call.MemoryStorm hands down winner!  (Again just like the battery you can buy your own memory cards and swap them out on the fly and even upgrade on the fly from the 8GB it came with to 16GB)Service Provider:Storm hands down winner (No comparison between the coverage and abilities of Verizon Wireless and AT&T.;Camera:Storm hands down winner (the photos look better and it does video as well, the iPhone does not do videos).12-07-08 UpdatedThe Storm takes the best quality photos for a phone I have ever seen.  With that said I must at least mention that like all other camera phones I have tried taking a photo with it is a slow process indeed both in getting the camera to appear on screen and in getting the camera to actually take the photo after you have pushed the shutter button.  You will not want to try and take any action photos with it.  And yes the quality is better then other phones but no its still not as good as a regular camera.WiFi:iPhone hands down winner (the iPhone has it, the Storm does not)Navigation:I'm going to give this one to the iPhone even though they don't have the coverage area that Verizon has.  It's much easier to navigate and there are nice little features on the iPhone like the ability to put a push pin on your map and have the phone give you the address then navigate you there.  Plus you can use standard map or topographical on the iPhone.  If the Storm has this capability I couldn't find it.  Plus the iPhone could be setup and actually navigating before the Storm even got to the Navigation screen.Computer integration:iPhone hands down winner!!  (No one is slicker then Apple at integrating a perhipials with their computers, it's not even close).Storm VS Verizon VX6700The Storm wins hands down in all areas save for a couple so I will keep this short and sweet.The Verizon VX6700 has WiFiThe Verizon VX6700 integrates well with Windows allowing you to plug in to your Windows based computer and automatically sync your Outlook Calendar and address book.  The Software for the Storm  is very problematic at this point and I never successfully synced on my Windows XP computer at work.  I'm hoping a new software update will fix this in the future.  Other then these two items one of which will probably be fixed soon I don't miss my old VX6700 at all.Surprises:I wasn't expecting a bedside alarm clock as I had never seen any commercial  showing one but it's pretty cool and I found out both the Storm and the iPhone have it.  When you plug your Storm into the electrical power charger cord it automatically goes into a night mode with a large bedside clock.  You can set an alarm to wake you and can even change it between different formats like digital or analog and even and old style flip clock if you have a longing for some nostalgia.E-mail is so cool on this phone.  I can have up to 10 e-mails on this phone and the way it sets up is so cool.  You can setup on your home computer then no matter where you are all of your e-mails automatically get pushed out to your phone with an alert. No longer do I have to request the e-mails like on my old VX6700 phone.Also the Blackberry support person I talked to waited on the phone patiently for the over 2 hour period it took to try and troubleshoot my Windows computer and get the sync working.  He gave me a lot of cool Blackberry tips while we were waiting between re-boots of the WIndows XP.Verdict:I like it and will keep it.  You should probably try both the iPhone and Storm before you buy and check your coverage area.Updates:In the coming weeks I will come back and update my experiences with the Storm.  I'm hoping that software updates will speed up the screen response time.  And after some tips from the Blackberry support line I'm doing much better and really starting to love my phone er I mean Blackberry.11-26-2008 Update:Verizon sent me this text message update about a Verizon Blackberry Storm interactive training guide on the Internet.  In just playing the introduction I found out the Storm has a neat pause un-pause feature button on the top right opposite of the screen lock button that I didn't even know was there.  VERY COOL.  I suggest that you go through every level of training as you never know what little thing you might find.  It's located at [...]11-27-2008 Update:It's Thanksgiving and I have time to play.  I setup my speed dials which is very easy to do I found out.  Just click on the call button and when the dialing menu comes up hold down a number until the add a speed dial menu comes up asking if you want to add a number!  Pretty cool.And found out you can hold down the menu button then press the screen to get a switch apps menu.Starting to really love this phone now.  I think if you are coming from a Blackberry already then you really have an advantage knowing about the menu and escape buttons which are an integrated part of the menu system but I wasn't aware of when I first got the phone.Also found out you can make home made ring tones by using the voice notes function.  It's so funny you can record your friend saying "Hey, its me pickup" or something else funny then assign that recording as their ring tone and every time they call you get to hear them before they even pickup.  Also assigned some of my iTunes songs as individual ring tones and a Led Zeppelin song as my default ring tone.12-1-2008 Update:Am a little frustrated lately.  The Storm really is slow to operate for a minute or two after removing from the charger.  Got a call from my sister and tried to answer with it plugged in like I used to do with my VX6700 phone but the Storm would not respond so I unplugged it from the charger and still would not pickup.  By the time it started responding again she had already left a long detailed message on my voice mail and I had to call her back.Thought this was a fluke when it happened again later in the day in exactly the same long delay.Also found out when my Storm is plugged into the charger it is VERY slow to operate almost unusable.  Good thing the battery life is really good.Bottom line on charging, if you are expecting an important call do NOT charge your Storm and expect it to pickup like in normal operation.Also, found out that when you get a call you had better have your Storm unlocked.  My old VX6700 could be locked and one button would work, the green call button to pickup an incoming call.  My Storm if locked will not allow you to receive a call either using the on-screen green call button or the main button on the phone.  Hopefully this will be fixed in a software update. Bottom line on this one, hit unlock before you attempt to answer.Still like the Storm and will keep it.  It's got let's see... character yeah that's it character, kind of like the old Dodge 340 Six Pack T/A Challenger I used to own.  Great performance when acting right but not so good when it doesn't.12-3-2008 Update:Storm getting a little slow, slower then normal.  Try a re-boot, remove the battery for 15 seconds then re-insert.  Usually revives mine back to it's original state.12-5-2008 Update:I'm really starting to get in the groove with my Storm.  Also, I downloaded the latest software yesterday with the Blackberry tech people on the phone. No change in functionality yet after install.  It's still slow and buggy and will update my Address book from my Mac to the Blackberry but not the iTunes songs. I still have to copy them manually which is easy enough to do but frustrating.  It could be that I don't have the latest version of MAC OS-X as I currently have only Tiger OS-X with all the latest patches.  I'm sure that Research In Motion is working on updates at a rapid pace.12-6-2008 Update:Software Upgrade:This morning I got a notice on my Storm of a software upgrade availability of version 4.7.0.75.  I currently have version 4.7.0.65.  So I downloaded 4.7.0.75 and installed the update to my Storm.  In the end it took almost an hour because I didn't know to reboot before I started.My experience:The initial download took several minutes but at least there is a progress bar running across the top along with the MB remaining to download.  And they provided a Pause Download button at the bottom of the download screen should you need it.  Pretty cool.  When the download is complete you have to option of Upgrade Now or Schedule Upgrade.  I choose to upgrade now.  If you choose now you get a warning that you may not be able to use your Storm for up to two hours then it starts a verifying the upgrade then it gave me a message upgrade requires additional memory. Removing older data.  Then I got an error message to delete 780 kb of personal data even though I had 4.6 GB of room available on my Sandisk.  I guess it only uses the main memory on the Storm to do the upgrade.  So I called Verizon support and they suggested a reboot by removing the battery for 10 seconds which I did.  Then the update started running with two progress bars: 1  Over all backup progress.  2.  Current database messages and an elapsed time window at the bottom.  Total elapsed time shown was 1:34 seconds.  Now the phone started an auto reboot.  I am now a half hour total into the process however including the support call and reboots.  After the reboot it started saying Patching OS and had a percent bar running across the middle.  Then it said Patching Java with progress bar.  Then it went blank again and then a Linking Java menu came up with progress bar.  Then it went white and a progress bar started across the bottom.  Then another overall progress menu came up.  Then it came up with a setup wizard and I picked close.  Then it asked you to auto or manually chose networks type and I picked auto.Upgrade Results:Total time taken was just under 1 hour so  I'm glad I started with a fully charged battery.Now the phone is much faster in all respects, browsing for photos, watching videos even rotating the phone from portrait to landscape.  It's still not as fast as my friends iPhone but it's much closer then it was before.  So I highly recommend going though the update to 4.7.0.75 just be sure to remove your battery for 10 seconds for a good reboot before starting and you probably won't have the problem I had.12-07-08 UpdateVery impressed after a two hour call last night had only used 1/5th of my battery power (see Battery 12-07-08 update above for more info)  I could see talking for 5 or 6 hours on one charge.  My old VX6700 would have been DEAD after a two hour call.Also updated the camera info above.  The Storm takes better photos then other camera phones but is still very slow to take a photo so don't buy it just to take photos.About those side buttons, I have locked all but the volume control out because I would keep accidently activating them bringing up say the camera by accident when I was trying to surf the web or make a call.  At least they give you the option to lock them out.Visual Voice Mail, what an awesome thing!  Especially if you get a lot of voice mails.  No longer to do you have to dial in and listen to voice commands to access your voice mails.  Once installed simply press the visual voice mail menu button and up comes a complete list of all your voice mails allowing you to listen, reply, call back and delete right on your Storm.  At this time it's a $2.99 a month option.  I recommend for all users that get a lot of voice mails.12-08-2008 Update:I've been messing with re-arranging the menu buttons but I keep accidently moving buttons to places I don't mean to or deleting them or putting them into a folder by accident.  So I'm just going to leave them in the de-fault arrangement.  Thank God there is a default or I would really be lost.12-10-08 Update:Strange thing since the 4.7.0.75 update seems like the Storm is just a little heaver on battery use like maybe 20% or so.  Still it was worth it since it's so much faster.  One other thing I do with for after seeing on the iPhone is the ability to quickly go to the top or bottom of a list or page with my fingers.  On the iPhone the faster you flick upward or downward the faster and further the listed items will scroll. On the Storm there is only one speed.12-12-08 Update:Unlike a lot of other products I have reviewed, the Storm continues to create a controversy.  I haven't seen any other reviews where the 1 stars and the 5 stars are equal.  The Storm truly polarizes consumers.  And I think that's the point, this is not a Blackberry for everyone.  It's for those who want foremost and above all a great multi-media system with typing and business taking more of a secondary role.  If you have to have a Blackberry but you love playing movies, songs, showing photos this is the one.  If you need to type out hundreds of e-mails a week with one hand typing and one driving you need the more traditional Blackberries.12-15-2008 Update:My Storm is still very inconsistent when it comes to rotating correctly at times rotating pretty quickly and at times not, must have a mind of it's own.  On the positive side it also still attracts a lot of attention and accounts for itself pretty well when showing off photos and videos.  Still loving it and will keep it.12-18-2008 Update:The Storm comes with two games one of which is pretty cool called Word Mole.  You are a mole in a yard with all these letters to dig up.  By clicking on each letter the mole digs out a hole where the letter is.  The goal is to try to dig up letters to make as many and as long a words a possible.  Sounds pretty dumb but my daughter and I both are pretty addicted to it.  Look for the games Icon in the menu area.  Gives you practice with your touch screen Storm typing as well.12-19-2008 Update:I'm heading out on our annual Christmas trip tomorrow and won't be back until next year so I won't be doing anymore updates for awhile.  Thought I would answer one more question about Windows Vista.  I really don't know if the Storm can be synced with Windows Vista, I don't have Windows at home only Mac and Ubuntu (a form of Unix).  I never did get it to sync properly with Windows XP.  Hopefully a fix is coming soon.  If anyone knows please feel free to comment.  Happy Holidays everyone!12-31-2008 Update:Well my trip to Texas was pretty much a bust.  I set up the push e-mail so I could access it on the road and in Dublin Texas and Brownwood Texas where I spent most of my time not only did the e-mail push not work but I had no Text Messaging or Internet.  And I ended up having to do a hard re-boot after leaving the area to  get all these items to work again.  Also none of my phones worked at first to even make or receive a call in these areas until after working for Verizon tech support.  No fault of the Storms I guess but it is frustrating non the less.  If your plans call for being in these areas I did notice some people with iPhones that worked perfectly.  The strange and sad thing was everything worked perfectly in the middle of no where between El Paso and Midland where there is absolutely nothing!01-15-2009 Selecting Text Update:I have always had a hard time selecting text on the Storm until I got an e-mail recently explaining how to do it.  See below.  It works really well.This is courtesy of BJ Lewis"When it comes to placing the cursor inside a text field, you do not have to click repeatedly until it's in the right spot or anything as difficult as that. Simply place your finger on the text field, without clicking thescreen for a few seconds without moving it at all. The cursor should change into a black outlined rectangle, at which point you can slide your finger across the text field to move it precisely anywhere you want within the text field."Black Berry Storm tips 2-5-2009:Here are some handy Storm tips and tricks I have learned over the last two months that save me a lot of hassle.  If you just want to read the review please scroll on down to Review:Select and Copy:To select and copy text lightly hold one finger before and one after the text you want.  Once selected click on the Blackberry key and click copy.Access the Keyboard:To access the keyboard quickly swipe a finger upwards from the bottom of the screen towards the middle.  To hide the keyboard swipe quickly downwards from the middle towards the bottom.Number Lock:Ever need to enter a bunch of numbers?  Tired of having to click on the number icon repeatedly?  To use the number lock, go to the onscreen keyboard and hold down the 123 key for 2 or 3 seconds until num lock appears.  The number keypad will stay on until you hit the 123 key again.Zoom in:Double tapZoom out:Tap once on the bottom of the screen and choose the - sign.Control a video:Tap once on bottom of screen.  Tap again to hide menu.Jump between menus:Hold down the Blackberry key until the Alt menu appears swipe left or right to go through entries then place finger on menu you want to jump to and click and hold the selection.Attention Mac users!Your Blackberry Storm comes with free Mac sync software right in the box but you will want to download the latest version from the web instead!I'm seeing comments on here and the workers at the Verizon store told me that my Storm did not come with software that would sync my Storm with my Mac.  This is NOT true!  The PocketMac for Blackberry desktop manager for Mac OS-X is right on the disk that comes with your Storm.  However it is pretty buggy and I had to download the latest version from the Blackberry site to finally make it work on my Mac with OS-X Tiger and help from the Blackberry support line.  You can download the latest copy for free at [...]

VERIZON IS A KEY CORPORATE SUPPORTER OF EXTREME RIGHT WING PAC 'FREEDOMWORKS,' BACKERS OF OF THE RADICAL RIGHT WING TEA PARTIES.  IF YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT YOU ARE GIVING FINANCIAL SUPPORT TO THE ALLIES OF GLENN BECK, RUSH LIMBAUGH, AND SARAH PALIN.BOYCOTT VERIZON!

This is, hands down, the absolute worst cell phone I've ever had. It stalls and freezes during about 50% of the phone calls I receive or make. Although this is a blackberry and thus capable of receiving push notifications, you won't recieve the emails in a timely manner because the phone freezes and must be rebooted by removing the battery. I wish I could see some redeeming factors in this phone but I just can't. I've been cursing it for over a year now and I've been spending more time than I dare say browsing forums and waiting for firmware trying to correct the problems with it.  I'm planning on paying an early contract termination fee on top of the $200 and some I paid for the phone when I got it just to move on to a product that works. As your first smartphone, you're excited by the new apps and abilities but after the 30 day grace period that you can return the phone is up, the reality of this phone hits hard. I will never own another blackberry after this one. Please don't make the mistake I did.

This is my first Blackberry, I was so excited to start the New Year, organizing all my business contacts, calendar etc., into one unit. Well, that is not going to happen with the Storm keyboard unless I have lots of time to type and re-type when it chooses the wrong letter, under my finger. As you can tell I am not a techie, but was hoping to get up to speed, I guess I need to go back and start all over with the Curve. I know from all my colleagues that it is practical and works.

With every phone, your not going to know it right off the bat. You're going to be messing up and hitting random keys until you learn your phone. I wanted the Blackberry Storm every since it came out last fall. I'm not one to drop big bucks on phones, and did A LOT of research before even going into the store. If it's one thing I want people to know, it's that you need to be as smart as your phone. I saw nothing but negative reviews about this phone everywhere I went. The fact is: they all over exaggerate problems that are fixed with service packs you download from the site itself. I also came to another conclusion, people who have love the phone, do not write a review on it. People who hate the phone and have nothing but negatives to say about it, write as much as they can (kind of like me).This phone is everything I thought it would be and more, its an iPod, a digital camera, touch screen, and worth the money. It does take some getting used to as far as the touchscreen goes, but anyone with a brain can work it. The ONLY negative thing I have to say, which is probably something I've not figured out yet, is that I bump it unlocked sometime throughout the day. I would like to see more of a sliding unlock to where you really have to want it unlocked for it to unlock...Go out and get the Blackberry Storm, then write a positive review so that people aren't scratching their heads wondering if they should buy it or not! :-)

I was disappointed with this product, the touchscreen is not responding to my touches at time and this can be very frustating.Any recommendation as to what i should do?

Executive summary:Not ready for business phone use.  Too slow, and freezes too often. Excellent email capabilities, but all Blackberry's (BB's) have that.  Fun phone with a lot of easy to download third party applications, including free GPS.  Phone will either crash (Which requires a battery pull and about a 5 minute reboot sequence) or freeze for 1 min+, once or more a day.  As a result of this, it is not reliable enough for business use.  For personal use, these things are not that big of a deal IMHO.Full review:So you've read a million different reviews and they all seem to be either it is the greatest phone in the world, or it is the biggest piece of crap that Blackberry has ever made.  So who is right?  Well, like all things, it would depend on what the person values in a PDA.  I will try to reserve from personal judgement as much as possible and just list the facts.A bit of background on me, I am a techie, and have used smartphones for both business and personal use for about 4 years now.The Cons of the Storm:1) Slow rebooting time, it is not an exageration to say it is over 5 minutes.  This would not be as big of an issue if the Blackberry Storm did not crash so frequently.  As I've owned it for about a month and I think I can count on one hand the days that it hasn't crashed so far, this can get very annoying and is completely unacceptable for business use.2)It will frequenty freeze for no reason ESPECIALLY when there is an incomming call, making it impossible to answer.3) The portrait "Answer" button and the Landscape "Ignore" button seemingly overlap, so if you are picking up the phone and turning it, you may accidentally hit ignore to a call you meant to accept, or worse...vice versa.  Being that when you pick up the phone, you will almost definitely turn it...this is unforgivable as a business use device.4) If you are using the keypad and a call comes in, you may very well fall victim to what happens in # 3, as depending upon what you are clicking when the call comes in, you will either be answering or ignoring the call before you even know it happened.5) Many people complain that it sounds like you are talking through a wall unless you put your mouth directly over the microphone.  Oddly enough, this issue is 100% resolved when you put the person on speakerphone.6) It is slow.  It can take 1-2 seconds to go from screen to screen.  This may not seem like a lot of time, but it can get frustrating to some people.  I have seen some video comparisons with the Storm Vs. The Pearl or Curve, and the lag on the Storm is VERY noticable when looked at side by side.7) The media player is difficult to navigate and takes an excessive amount of time to go from song to song (4-6 seconds).  Also, quite frequently, it does not carry the volume you listened to the previous song onto the next one.8) A lot of backlight comes out from all four sides of the screen...this is worrysome as that means that a lot of dust gets in, and in the long run it could mean that your Blackberry may break sooner than it should.9) This is more an Apple issue than a Blackberry, but just to confirm, (although Apple "claims" they are doing away with this), you CAN NOT use any song that was purchased on Itunes on your Blackberry.  There is a Blackberry program that uses tricky verbiage to make you believe otherwise, IE "Copy your entire Itunes playlist to your Blackberry."  For clarity purposes they should add "Unless the songs were purchased through Itunes directly, as the Data Protection Management will block the transfer."  Yes, there are ways around this but it would take someone with extra time on their hands and a bit of tech savy...or $30-$50 to purchase a program that will do it.  As I said, this is more an Apple issue than Blackberry, but I know some people want to know this, and it is rarely posted.10) No Wi-Fi, although, apparently the Canadian version will be getting it and making it available on both AT&T; and Verizon.Those are the Cons I can think of (I will update this posting as more come up, or the priors are fixed)The Pros:1) Interchangable battery, this shouldn't be a "pro" but since one of the biggest cons of the Iphone is that you can't, it is definitely a plus for the storm.2) Comes with an 8 GB Micro SD card that is upgradable to 16 gigs.  Also something that you can't do on the Iphone, you get what you pay for.3)  Very easy to set up email, including Outlook Web that works just as well as regular enterprise activation, but without the additional charge from Verizon.  The difference being no Outlook calendar or automatically synced contacts.4)  A lot of fun third party applications, games.5) You can instantly turn any song on your phone into a ringtone for free, or you can just copy your mp3's into the "ringtone" folder from your computer to your Blackberry.  This is a nice, unmentioned feature.  Any Mp3 you have (provided it's not from Itunes) you can just plop in your Blackberry and it's a ringtone.6) GREAT speakphone, both in people hearing you, not hearing background noise and you hearing people on it.  Easily the best speakerphone on any cellphone/smartphone I've ever used.7) The call screen has easy, big buttons to put it on speakerphone, mute, and add an additional caller.  Ease of use makes this a big plus in my opinion, and not having to flop around to a side button that you aren't sure if it does what you think it does is nice.8) The browser works very well, and I haven't had an issue with any web page clicking through.  If a page isn't work correctly with the click of the phone, there is an option to click on a button that gives you a mouse cursor, and just putting the mouse cursor over any clickable link always works.9) The screen is larger than the Iphone and looks absolutely brilliant, vibrant, bright, etc...pretty much imagine a high end LCD computer monitor shrunk.10) Average battery life.  If it's used heavily, it'll last your work day...if used lightly (IE, no video and no internet) it'll last a full day.  The ability to swap in a backup battery though makes this a pro, as really with two batteries, you have an unlimited amount of time as the batter recharges extremely quick (From near empty to full in 2 hours or so).Bottom line:If you are using it for personal use, you'll love it.  If you are using it for business use, you are going to hate it.

The Storm is my 5th BlackBerry in the past 3 years. I like BlackBerries, but I won't waste your time with an exhaustive list of the Storm's faults (such lists are posted in many places and, surprisingly, I think most are "spot-on"). IMHO, the Storm's faults greatly outweigh its positive points and the Storm should not be sold because it is a work-in-process not yet ready for market. I wanted to like the Storm, was excited in anticipation of its arrival, but intend to replace it with a Bold asap. In summary, RIM has totally missed the target with its execution so don't waste your money and time on the Storm.

This phone is fantastic.  The touchscreen takes about 20-30 minutes of playing with to get used to the click, especially if you are used to the iPhone or iPod Touch.  Also, the Blackberry operating system takes about a week or two to fully understand.  After that initial learning period, the Storm is great fun.  The battery life is excellent, it lasted about 8 hours of constantly playing music and is very durable (I accidentally dropped it about 4ft with no damage).  Mine had no software problems, though I do know someone who did.  The service is excellent, the software is excellent, and after the many negative reviews I have read, it is shockingly phenomenal.

this is a great phone. the only thing i reccomend, if you plan on using the VZ navigator, get a car charger. navigation tends to run the batt down.
