
i seem it is a littel big and the keypad is very but very dificult to write a message , 50% recomendable .despite its 16gb memory it does not rum quycly

It's a nice little phone. The one I had just had a few bugs to work out. The battery I got in this first one did not last as long as the second one I received. The voice command on this first one was jinxed. About one out of 20 names I would say would 1st pick a wrong name, (which can be expected) but then would commence to shutting itself off and then restart. If I said the same name, it would do it consistently. Like I said it would do it on about 5% of the names. I called Nokia of the problem and ordered one from them because it was so new, and I wanted one made in Finland as Stu promised. It was also from China. The video and photos aren't near as good as I expected. They were OK if taken in bright light. I want a qwerty pad. So I am going to wait for the N97 coming out in June or July 09. The N96 locked up on me about twice a day, especially if I was doing heavy internet chores, (on wifi). Sometimes if I would just wait it would catch up. But if it was in the middle of something and I got bored waiting I would try to back out and do something else and it was too much for the little thing to absorb so it would lock up. At this point I would have to remove the battery to get it to reset itself. And the release and the little catchs on the rear cover are sort of chincy and it didn't feel like the rear cover  would last very long removing the battery so often.It's nice to have the tv out cable ability but the stuff we record does not play back as well as a 99MB travel piece that they have for us to playback. This tells me that they record that on a good camera and downloaded it into the phone. I could get the predictive text shut off on some things but not on the internet browsing. I would have to enter letters til the thing told me to spell the  word myself, which I wanted in the first place.On the toggle buttons for the volume, they're OK but the volume goes up one way so you would think that when the buttons are used for zooming that to zoom in would be the same direction as the volume increase. Nope. While this is not a big deal It just takes a bit more memorization. The screen shuts off way too fast, (to save battery). This can be reset but that poor battery doesn't like this new setting. The second N96 I got seemed to last longer with the battery.If I wanted to hear the sound out of the speakers I would have to shut my bluetooth off. The screen protectors are good just make sure you have every piece of dirt and lint of the screen before install it or it will make a bubble around the piece of dirt.The thickness of the phone did not bother me either.I thank Amazon very much for having a place for these reviews. I read them all the time before I purchase anything.

Reader's Digest Condensed Version:----------------------------------If you are looking for a phone geared more towards entertainment than providing a mobile office, this phone is for you.  If you are looking for a work-friendly phone, keep then perhaps theNokia E90 Communicator Unlocked Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Red)would be a better (and more expensive) choice.Also, if you do buy this phone, make sure you buy a case/holster and a screen protector, as well.----------------------------------------------The Details...I had a hard time deciding on a star-rating for this phone because it is quite different from any other smartphone that I have used.  In the last couple of years, I have used:Blackberry 8300Helio OceanAT&T; 8525Samsung SCH-i760  (my current phone)With the exception of the Helio Ocean, the Blackberry, AT&T; and Samsung are business-centric phones.  All four feature a Qwerty keyboard.  The Helio, AT&T; and Samsung each have their own numeric keypad in addition to the qwerty keyboard.All except for the Helio, did business applications, email, telephone communication, and syncing with easily -- that's what they were designed to do and that is the frame of reference that I am coming from.The Nokia N96, to me, isn't really aimed at the business centric crowd.  It is aimed at the multimedia "I want to be entertained" crowd (and a rich crowd, that must be judging by the price tag).Sure, the Nokia does email and "office stuff" ok -- but because they decided not to include the qwerty keyboard and opted to include so much multimedia stuff, it is clear that they decided "work can wait".  Not necessarily a BAD thing... just different than I'm used to.So let's talk about what the Nokia IS designed for: talking, listening to music, taking pictures/video, and watching video.First, initial impressions about aesthetics:-- it is actually smaller than I'm used to (the Samsung).  It is lighter, shorter, and thinner.  You open the box and you certainly experience that "WOW" factor -- this phone is elegant and sophisticated.  The finish is the shiny "piano finish" that is so common.  Frankly, I HATE that because the moment you touch it, it is smudgy and that just drives me crazy.  The sides are metal but the back is a flimsy plastic and overall it just doesn't feel as solid as the other phones which were mostly metal cases.The screen is unbelievably gorgeous and bright.  No other smartphone I have used can hold a candle to it (I have not seen an iPhone so don't really have a basis of comparison there).The first thing I did was call someone.  Call quality is excellent -- also much better than any other cell phone I have used.  Very very close to Landline quality.  I paired it with aNokia 02705X6 BH-503 Bluetooth Stereo Headsetand sound quality (both receiving and talking better than most phones.  One of the things that is good about the call quality is the ability to really turn up the volume.  With other phones, I could seldom get the volume loud enough to hear over road/wind noise in the car.  With the N96, you actually have to turn it down because it can get uncomfortably loud.Even using the speaker phone is very good.  The N96 has "stereo speakers" and while you aren't going to throw out your home theater system, the speakers make the phone even better.Camera------The N96 has a 5 mp Carl Zeiss camera built in.  The camera can take stills or video at 30 frames per second.  I really like the camera because it allows me to be more spontaneous with taking pictures/video.  With my Samsung, the only time I used the cell phone feature was when I wrecked my car and wanted pictures of the evidence.  With Carl Zeiss optics (Zeiss is known for making the best optics in the world), you can take very solid photo album quality pictures with this camera.  It isn't going to replace your 12 MP SLR but for "on-the-go" pictures that you wouldn't otherwise catch, it is really nice to have.Music-----Again, the music quality on this device rivals any MP3 player.  I actually used it with a set of high-end Denon cans today and it was almost as good playing the CD through a PC.  I say "almost" because I was able to pick up some crackly artifact that resulted from the Nokia converting my higher bit-rate recordings to a lower bit-rate for space considerations.  But this trade off is worth it.  With 16 GB of main memory, I have over 3 hours of music loaded on the phone with space to spare.Keypad and controls:--------------------I'm still not sold on the T9 only keyboard.  I read a previous commenter about how you can learn to type faster with T9 than Qwerty and I intend to try it.  I do have to say that T9 typing seems to work better than I remembered it on previous phones.I'm not wild about the feel of the buttons.  They are all flat and do not feel "solid" to me.  I could see them cracking with a lot of use.Web and email-------------Even though this is a smaller device, the screen is actually larger than my Samsung.  You wouldn't think a couple of pixels in either direction would be that big a deal but it really helps with page display.Video-----I believe the N96 was designed around this feature.  Downloading videos from Amazon was very easy and the playback is just like a tiny TV.  To me, though, this is the least "useful" feature of the phone.  If I'm sitting around and have some time to kill, I'm more likely to check email, listen to music or just plain read.Battery life-------------Average battery life.  I was able to use the cell phone for about 1.25 hours of talk time and 3 hours of listening to music before the battery died.  That means if you use your phone a lot, you'll need to keep it plugged in (fortunately, the phone comes with both an AC charger and a car charger -- very unusual in this day and age).Syncing with your PC--------------------Included with the phone is a software suite that will allow you to sync with Outlook etc.  Installation took awhile (I had to download .NET) but getting all my contact data onto the device was a snap.  Transferring music wasn't great -- it could be that I just don't have the sync settings set up correctly.  However, the N96 requires Windows Media Player 11 for the syncing.  I have A LOT of music loaded in WMP and didn't want to load EVERYTHING on.  I tried to create a playlist to identify just what I wanted transferred over.  Unfortunately, it still grabbed more than I wanted it to.Miscellaneous--------------- The USB cable that comes with it is not your standard USB cable -- at least on the end that connects to the phone.  It has a smaller connector than most devices (like MP3 players, external disk drives, my other cell phones, etc.  So if you want to sync up at home and at work, you'll have to hang on tight to this cable (or buy another one online).-- The Nokia does provide both a car and standard AC charger which is good since you will need to keep this thing constantly plugged in.  There is no way to accommodate an extended battery at this point -- it would require a new "back plate" (this is the approach that AT&T; adopted for their 8525).  Hopefully, this will be something Nokia will provide down the road.  However, I will say that this device provides a LOT of options to tweak the features to maximize battery performance.  For example, you can specify during what hours to go fetch email.  There's not much point in fetching email 24/7 when you may only want access to it 12x5.  You can also set it up to shut down during night hours etc.-- The screen is not a touch screen.  Also, if you want to protect it, you're probably going to want to get a HTC Touch Diamond JAVOScreen (Ultra-Clear) + JAVOedge MetaCharger Bundle (Euro) screen protector to hide the finger prints and prevent scratches.  I had one left over from my 8525 and it isn't a perfect fit but works good enough.-- You will also want to invest in a good case/holster.  I can't believe that Nokia is selling a 700.00 phone with a screen like this and yet they don't even provide the most basic protection required.  Even the bluetooth headphones came with their own carrying pouch.

I BOUGHT THE N96 PRIMARILY TO GET A GOOD CAMERA TO USE WITH A CELL PHONE.  THE CAMERA PRODUCES GOOD PHOTOS BUT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO USE ON A CASUAL BASIS. THE ACTUATION BUTTON NEEDS SOMETHING OTHER THAN A NORMAL FINGER AND THE DELAY TIME IS A FAT 3 SECONDS.THE PHONE CONTROLS ARE ANYTHING BUT EASY AND IT TAKES AT LEAST THREE CHANGES OF MENU BEFORE THE CONTACTS BECOME AVAILABLE AND CHOOSING THE CONTACT ICON IS HIT OR MISS SINCE THE CURSOR SKIPS AROUND LIKE IT HAS A MIND OF IT'S OWN.THIS IS MY FIRST NOKIA - PROBABLY MY LAST.

I return the item because it did not give me all it says will do.

The first comment is completely UNTRUE.  Nokia offers a full one-year warranty through third-party vendors, such as Amazon. I called Nokia and they said they will warranty this product.Also...the N96 is the only mobile device compatible with Amazon Video on Demand.  Download videos & transfer them to your N96!!  with 16GB built-in, & another SD card slot...pretty sweet.

It's a very nice and stylish cellphone but it's too expensive.The best:It allows to create VPNs and access pop mail, you can download games and some other useful apps, GPS works as promised and it's easy to use, good sound quality.The bad:It's too slow, sometimes it freezes when you receive a new message or when trying to open an application, GPS drains the battery really fast; it doesn't include a usb adapter to recharge the battery. Mobile TV doesn't work in Mexico yet.

i search for the price all over and i find the best price on amazon

wonderful phone. Works like a charmcamera great. sound works clearly. It is a very effient phone.I love it. its great!!!!!!!!

this is and old generic phone. already not even long the buttons peeled off. not good to buy, don't buy it.

I had always loved this phone, it provided the opportunity and do not hesitate. I am very happy with the nokia cell technology, are durable and easy to handle.

I purchased this piece of crap because I didn't want to commit to a service plan.  This model was supposed to be  compatible with AT&T service.  When I took my Xpressmusic cell phone into an authorized AT&T dealer, the service rep said they were unable to use this phone because it had a restricted code and their PUK could not gain access into my unit.  I called Nokia and they said it is the responsibility of the service provider to overide this code. What a circle jerk! The earpiece keeps falling out of my ears.  The sound is average at best. The price was very high for what you get.  Now, all I can do is listen to music on it.  What a waste of money.  I will never buy another Nokia product.  Now I know why their stock price is trading at an all time low.  They'll probably be out of busniess or bought up by another competitor soon.

I've tried this phone out for about a month and a half after upgrading from the N95 (N95-3). Functionally there isn't anything much improved in the N96, it is essentially the same phone with some minor OS tweaks here and there. So in the end what you're paying for is the 16gb storage and a sleeker looking design.So after all that, I've decided to go back to my N95. With 16gb microSD cards being around $20-$30, you could be saving nearly $200 (assuming you buy a N95 from amazon). Plus, Nokia still hasn't released the API for their accelerometer in the N96 so you don't even get the benefits of some amazing third party apps written for the N95.

poor fitting cover and does not meet standard Nokia

I started very slowly learning all the features of the Nokia N96. My former phone was fairly basic, and when I first started enjoying the many features of the N96 I became excited about the myriad of new things I could do--once I learned how.At the heart of the large 16 gig internal storage is the Symbian OS. Awesome. What a welcome relief from Windows Mobile. There is an easy transfer of files from an external memory source. It uses a mini SD card.This gives one flexibility in various types of categorized external files.I immediately noticed how clear the incoming calls were. Sometimes on other units I have had a bit of a problem understanding the audio from an inbound call particular those which have static interference.  The Nokia has very good audio properties, and the sounds are crisp. The speaker phone is a good feature on the N96 because the other party doesn't realize you are using this feature. There is an absence of feed back.Downloading the various features was easy as I took things a step at a time. The internet access works very well. At home it works flawlessly with my wireless router. WLAN can be tricky, and I was very surprised how easy it was to set up on the N96.The most interesting surprise of the N96 is the camera. Wow. The graphics are beautiful. Love the 5MP resolution of the camera, and coupled with the clearness of the 2.8 inch screen the photo viewing is spectacular for a device this small. There are many options in sorting your digital photos. Thumbnails are nice. The TV connection gives an added ability to view your photos on your TV screen. Also I like the fact they included AC and Car chargers.The FM radio expands both music contact and keeping in touch with the local news. This feature was emphasized when I was able to keep in touch with our local media during recent severe weather.Nokia quality is certainly evident in every phase of the N96.

i always luv nokia products since they started making the 'N' serieswell, this nokia n96 a lil bit more better than previous n95 8gb that i had. but some people saying that battery consume was high, i agreed with it, no infrared, n application opening seems getting slower compare to n95 8gb.the good thing, it is a NOKIA we talking about over here,it's good, always good.cant wait for n97 that will comes out on julyaccelerometers, arrghh,,, georgous, auto update for the nokia firmupdate software via phone, that's a ++ ( on previous nokia products you need to update via pc suite)n this is about the video n photo quality: even thou n95 8gb that i had is the same best quality with n 96 that i just purchased, but..it's better the n-96.trust mei compared it several times.finally...one thing that made me dissapoint is the color.if you got to nokiausa.com n type on the search product " nokia n96"it will appears that they have the all housing black color ( include the liner side is black ) for the nokia n-96but in fact: there's none.i try to find n searching everywhere, noneevery single nokia n-96 that you'll buy has the liner side silver or dark grey color. if you find one with the black liner side, it might be a fake one or not originally nokia madethat's all my men..

I don't understand why the manufacturer want to produce such a fancy cell without enough competence. The functions of the cell are great, but the speed of the cell cannot take them.

HACE 13 A&Ntilde;OS QUE USO NOKIA Y NUNCA TUVE PROBLEMAS HASTA EL A&Ntilde;O PASADO QUE DECID&Iacute; COMPRAR EL MALDITO N96, SE TILDA, EL TIEMPO DE RESPUESTA PARA ABRIR LAS APLICACIONES ES LENTO. ME CAMBIARON 4 VECES EL CELULAR Y SIGUE FALLANDO.NO TIREN SU DINERO COMPREN OTRA MARCA.

beautiful phone..great cool features... and an excellent product from nokia for the people who are tired of touchscreen devices....

I really, REALLY wanted to like the Nokia N96. My Samsung i320 is getting a bit long in the tooth, and I thought this would be a perfect replacement. With the feature-list, how could it not be? Advanced multimedia capabilities? Check. Speedy web browsing? Check. WiFi? Check. High-resolution camera (for a phone)? Check. 3G compatibility? Check. 16GB of storage? Check. FM Radio?!? Check! The N96 would seemingly have it all. Unfortunately, a few glaring oversights and performance issues have left me feeling cold.The first thing that I couldn't help but notice was the Symbian OS. It's slow and dated at this point, especially when you compare it to some of the newer offerings from Apple, Google (Android) and even Microsoft (yeah, my i320, an older Windows smartphone runs rings around this, sadly). This phone is just SLOW. Accessing data is slow, the layout of the OS is SLOW (as in counterproductive, having to press several things to get to a menu option that should be accessible in two), and generally it just kind of stutters along regardless of what you throw at it. I don't know if this is the fault of poorly written code or if the thing is just way too grandiose for the hardware spec of the phone, but it basically makes using the phone a repeated trial.As far as the hardware itself goes, it looks impressive enough, nice and shiny, although the feel is a little cheaper than you'd expect a $500 device to feel. The screen is nice and the interface buttons feel pretty good (it's just a shame the phone doesn't respond a bit more quickly when you press them).Pictures are another area that are supposed to be a strong point for this phone (high resolution for a cell phone), but again, slow-down and sloppy layout hinder its usefulness. The photos look good enough, but don't expect this thing to be point and shoot ready. It's going to take a few seconds for it to become ready, and then getting your picture where you want it to be is another one of those patience-builders.Basically I think the N96 is just a case of Nokia being way too aggressive with its feature-set in order to compete with the aforementioned mobile platforms. The feature list is very impressive, but the implementation and performance is so mediocre that the phone is hard to recommend. That mediocre performance coupled with a price tag that's higher than a lot of the competition means the N96 will more than likely end up as an also-ran rather than a stand-out.

Nokia N96 16 GB Unlocked Cell Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, GPS, Media Player Micro SD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)

I purchased this after I returned a N85-3 to another dealer, this phone has it all and works as good if not better than the old outdated N95-3.There are so many things to point out it would take me forever to put it all down but from a person that has owned a N73, Two N81's, a N78, a N95-2, Three N95-3's, Two N95-4's, a N85-3 and out of all of them the N96-3 is the best of all.If you would like the best Nokia that is being produced right now I would say pick up a N96-3,it works great and is really fun to use.

First of all, this review is based on how this phone fits my lifestyle, so you need to know a little bit about that. I am a businessman, but I love music, and movies, and even reading ebooks when I'm waiting for an appointment, so I can't wait to see how this phone performs in those capacities. But I am also a PC user, and keep all of my contacts and calendars for work and at home in Outlook 2007. My other phone is an AT&T; Tilt, and I'm quite pleased with it.(1) FIRST IMPRESSIONS:Unpacking the phone and setting it up was a breeze. I removed the sim card from an old phone, inserted it into the N96, and powered up. I was instantly connected to AT&T;, and have no problem making and receiving calls and using AT&T;'s internet features. I am glad I bought a GREAT silicone skin for the N96 (Tuff-Luv (Nokia N96) Slim&Lite; Silicone skin case cover (black) offered by Eforcity on Amazon), because although the case is shinny and attractive and has a good feel in the hand, fingerprints from handling grundge it up quickly. The silicone case I chose is a great fit and allows the keypad to slide out and keeps it firmly in my hand and is reviewed by me elsewhere.Controls and keys are firm and positive, so they reinforce the phones overall impression of quality build.I plugged in an 8GB microSD card that I mostly expect to use for music or backup on the phone, but 16GB on board the phone is a lot of memory. The screen is reasonably clear and bright, although it does not seem quite as bright as my Tilt.I did not find Nokia's documentation for the phone as clear about using this phone some on other vendors' phones I've owned, but it is adequate overall. On line documentation from Nokia USA is very helpful.The phone immediately found the wi-fi in my home, and on entry of the security code, it was seamlessly integrated in my home network. I quickly began surfing the web to a few spots. Using the cursor with the thumb button to move around the keyboard seems clumsy compared to a touchscreen, but it works.I go to Nokia's USA site on my PC and register the phone and check for software or firmware updates. Everything is current, which is impressive. I download and install the Nokia PC Suite on my PC, and it takes about 10 minutes and requires a reboot. Plugging the phone in with the USB cable, the PC finds it and I am in business. I use Office 2007 on my PC, so I immediately want to sync my contacts and calendars, and this is where Nokia's documentation for PC Suites lets me down. A search for "synchronize outlook" does not lead to anything useful on the website. I am afraid I'll be relegated to actually having to map Outlook Contact fields to a csv file or a vcard format, but after 30 frustrating minutes, I find an icon in the Suite that synchronizes to Outlook folders as well as other common business products. While the process is fast -- 319 contacts in about 3 minutes, a quick look shows them organized by "first name" rather than "last name" as in my contacts. Also, some of the name fields are blank and some are mismatched -- a few "first names" are now "middle names". So, I give the synchronization a "C" -- it happens, but some of the data will have to be cleaned up, which without a keyboard will be painful and frustrating.I quickly attach a new Plantronics Bluetooth headset and place my first call. The call is clear on both ends. Reception seems better than my AT&T; Tilt, so good marks for voice clarity. Similarly, surfing the internet is a little faster than the Tilt, but once again, the user interface and moving the cursor around takes more time.(2) USING THE CAMERA AND WATCHING VIDEOS AND GAME THOUGHTS FROM A NON-GAMER:I have not been able to get the download to work from Amazon so far, so that's been frustrating - I haven't been able to watch the movie. The two cameras - lo-res to video you using the phone as a video phone and hi-res to video or photograph other people or objects are very adequate and user friendly. The hi-res camera is the best camera I've used for inside (and darkly lit) subjects. Flash is decent, and color is acceptable. You can go to a restaurant or party and shoot some nice snapshots without taking a separate camera, and you have ALL that storage space on the camera.(3) GPS AND NAVIGATING WITH NOKIAThe GPS of the N96 locates itself quite quickly, even inside an ordinary house. The maps are downloaded in "sections", and are quite simply the best looking and most intuitive graphics display of maps I have seen on a cell phone. Similarly, it is easy to switch between satellite and map vies or a combination of the two. When you are setting up a navigation, you are given the choice between walking and driving instructions, which would be of great use in a strange city, and also in planning that daily walk or run for exercise. Big thumbs up for these features. Using the maps is a little trickier - first of all, it is disconcerting when you take an exit on a trip according to the instructions, and the unit suddenly displays "road not found" and blows you out of the navigation software. It's tricky to find your way back through the confusing menu interface (menu->maps) when this happens - especially in a big city that's strange to you. This "undocumented feature", until it is corrected by software or firmware upgrade, keeps this from being a "thumbs up" feature.(5) CONCLUSIONSIf this camera had a touchscreen to speed up navigation, I'd rate it much higher. The interface does not seem to be highly customizable, but I've downloaded a more friendly interface for a charge. I don't love this version of the Symbian operating system as presented on this phone--it seems "clunky" with non-intuitive menus. In short, if you are coming from another operating system, there is a steep learning curve. The lack of a QWERTY keyboard similarly frustrates ease of text messaging or data entry, but can be overcome if you are willing to spend $100 more for an excellent Nokia Bluetooth folding keyboard. I'm not sure exactly what demographic Nokia was targeting this.This smartphone is quite capable of being a telephone (excellent reception and voice quality), and being an MP3 and video player, and a very good camera. Lack of an acceptable keypad for text messaging and email and lack of a touchscreen, and a clumsy text entry system keep it from being an acceptable PDA replacement, regardless of the software bells and whistles. Yet, it seems to me that for the price, it should be more.

I upgraded from the N95 8Gig (also a seriously great phone) to this.  I love both, but I prefer the N96 because it has a bigger memory plus the ability to expand.  I added an 8Gig cardSanDisk 8GB MicroSD Card  ( SDSDQ 008G A11M)and have loaded lots of music and movies.  In preparation for a trip I am loading other movies on additional cards so I can switch them out.  Although watching on such as small screen takes some getting used to, this expansion feature is enough for me to favor this over the N95.  The quality of videos is excellent, but I don't recommend you try to watch films with subtitles :-).The only minus of this v. the N95 is that the N96 has a noticeably shorter battery life (only on standby and voice calls).  I only had to charge my N95 every few days; this one needs it every day or two at the most.The camera is excellent.  In fact, it is the only camera I used on a recent trip and the still pictures and videos are as good as my very expensive (and very heavy) camera.  Having only one thing to carry in my pocket without sacrificing picture quality was wonderful, (and the phone/camera was envied by all who saw it).The phone has lots of useful features even if, like me, you don't subscribe to a data package.  I use the phone to attach to wi-fi when out and check my e-mail, shop at Amazon, etc. This does not use the cell service and so there is no data charge.I still haven't figured out the GPS system, but then again I haven't spent very much time on it.  Not everything on these phones is intuitive and the written instruction book is lacking, but Nokia has an excellent web site with all the information I have needed to answer my questions.This phone is really expensive, but it is worth it.  Highly recommended for anyone with the desire for a great smart phone the ability to buy it.

This phone does it all dvd quality video 5 mp camera wifi and gps.I didn't give it 5 stars because its a bit slower than my n82 the dual led is good but no were near the xenon flash on my n82. Also the gps won't lock as fast.I really like the dual slide option with the media control their great they feel sturdy and have a nice click to let you know you pressed them.the screen is bright and pretty big compared to my n82 the over all size is similar with the same build quality.The Symbian OS is the greatest feature its runs very smoothly and theres lots of  cool programs to be downloaded from nokia or mosh some are even free .This phone is a must have for a tech freak or any person who doesn't want to carry a camera a camcorder a laptop an mp3 player a tv and some video games in your pocket ! the mobile tv is already supported in some US states with more to come soon.Also google maps works better than nokia maps in my opinion. Worth every dollar maybe 4 stars and three quarters

This is a great phone it has everything you can imagine, Lots of applications, multimedia,  great resolution you can download movies from amazon.com movies into this device. 3G you can send e-mails watch your direct  tv if you buy a sling player in great digital quality. internet radio, 24 gb of memory in total (16gb  already in the phone ) and 8gb on a memory card,  great camara 5mp considering being a cellphone  and much much more.  Now Be Careful when you get it and  make sure that memory funtions and the phone in general are working propertly. I had to reurn 2 of them before i got one that really works the way  it should. they were acting funny, slow and turning on and off bythemself. By the way NOKIA cust service is the worst  cust service to deal with make sure you get it from amazon or a store you trust. nokia gave me a very hard time on a defective phone i had to return and took a long time to refund my money eventhought i trust nokia brand a lot i would never buy direct from nokia ever again, also the prices here are a lot cheaper nokia wanted to charge me $776 plus taxes and shipping for my n96 and i got it for $639 without taxes and free shipping on amazon.com.

The N96 is a dual slider phone -push up and the keypad is revealed, down and the media keys are revealed.  The phone feels solid, and the slider mechanism is sturdy and clicks into position nicely.  An accelerometer automatically switches the display orientation when you rotate the phone.  A car charger is included in the box, which is nice.The N96 has Wi-Fi b/g, A-GPS, stereo Bluetooth, and AT&T; 3G coverage (it does not support T-Mobile's 3G band, but can be used with T-Mobile's regular network).  Call quality is good, and the speakerphone is loud.For productivity the phone has a robust phonebook and calendar.  Moreover, the phonebook allows for endless customization of the information contained in a contact.  There are programs to open Microsoft Office documents and PDF files.  The phone can also access POP3 e-mail, and be set to download new messages automatically.For entertainment there is a video player, FM radio, and an MP3 player.  The video works well with Amazon's Unbox Video on Demand service.  You can download special smaller files just for use on the phone, and it's easy to transfer them over using Amazon's free software download.  The music player is nicely featured, sounds good, and has a 3.5mm headphone jack making it easy to use your favorite headphones.The HTML web browser lets you view web pages like you would on a computer.  (I downloaded Skyfire, a free browser, as an alternate because sometimes the standard browser does not display pages well). N-Gage is for playing and downloading games, and Nokia maps comes pre-loaded with US maps and three months of turn-by-turn directions free.  Additionally, the GPS receiver locks onto a signal quickly.Being a Nokia N-Series the built in camera is 5 megapixels, with a dual LED flash, and autofocus with an assist light.  Photos are comparable to an entry-level compact camera, and using the GPS you can geotag your photos and view them on the map.  Video can be recorded at 640 x 480 at 30fps, much higher quality than most phones.To store your files there's a huge 16GBs of built in memory, as well as a Micro SD slot for more space when needed.The "profiles" feature allows you to set different ringer volumes and tones for different occasions, and you can time them so it reverts to the standard profile.  This is a great feature as it allows me to set my phone to work mode and it automatically switches back to normal mode at 5:30 when I leave.  Additionally, you can have the N96 say the callers name when it rings.  The "destinations" feature lets you select access points for Internet usage.  Since I have pay per use with AT&T;, I removed AT&T; from the list so I never have to worry about unexpected charges, and I added my home and work Wi-Fi so it automatically connects to them.I have not used the software that came with the phone since it does not work with Macs.  However, I downloaded a plug-in from Nokia's website that allows me to sync with my Mac over Bluetooth using the Mac's iSync, and it works great.Battery life is about 4 days with moderate use (a few calls, some texting, and web browsing).Now for the negatives: 1) The biggest problem, by far, is that sometimes the phone does not ring with the ringer I picked, it reverts to the default Nokia tune after one ring.  I called Nokia about it twice, and tried their suggestions, but it still happened.  They told me to send the phone to them for repair.  I declined and decided to live with it.  I also reset the phone to no avail.  2) The phone can sometimes be slow in operation.  Specifically, when opening the camera and browsing the photo gallery.  3) The dual LED flash is not very effective, you have to be right on top of the subject, and the pictures come out bluish.  Additionally, there is no sliding cover for the lens, and the camera button is stiff and hard to press.  4) For the price, the materials should be of higher quality, it's constructed of average feeling plastics.  5) The included owners manual is skimpy and barely covers all the phones features.  6) The battery depletes very quickly after 3 bars are left.(Sorry for the long review, but it's a very complex phone.)All in all... a feature packed mini computer that happens to be a phone, it lives up to the Nokia N Series tradition.01/15/09 Update: The phone has been reseting sometimes when I get a call and it has not been working well with my Acura's bluetooth HandsFreeLink I can only make calls by dialing on the phone then transferring it over.  If I could, I would take a star away.01/27/09 Update: I got a new SIM card (mine was 2 years old) and just downloaded the new software version 12.043 and the phone runs faster and the ringer and reset issues seem to be fixed.  So I'd give it a star back.03/24/09 Update: Phone still working well, slider still nice and tight and locks into position nicely.

GPS with maps from all the world. 5MPx camera with DVD quality video. 24GB (16GB memory + 8GB memory card) with all my music and photos and videos with me. WiFi and HSDPA. really great!

This phone has few drawbacks. The keys are a little hard but I'm heavy- handed and quickly got use to the feel. The camera takes nice pictures. It is so veratile and has great applications. It works with both T-Mobile and AT&T; 3G Sim card. The connection is crisp and clear. I was torn between a Blackberry and the Nokia N96. I'm happy with my choice. If the battery life was longer and it was a touch screen it would be a 5 star phone.

Here in starts my multiple day review of the Nokia N96.Background: I am an IT person and like to be at the bleeding edge ofgadgetry... I currently use a Blackberry Bold 9000, and an iPhone 3g 16gb. Iwill soon be getting a google g1 and a blackberry 8900.I am no stranger to mobile technology and 3g networks....Day One is Today: 1/11/2009I charged the battery overnight and inserted an AT&T; sim card to get itrunning. The N96 walked me through a quick setup wizard for the usual dateand time, etc... We were up and running in less then 5 minutes. GREAT!...nocomplaints there.I went ahead on an exploratory mission. Having used Nokias in the past, thiswas easy for me. I set up my wireless network at home which is usually atabout 80% signal in most of our home. Setup was easy and I was online withthe N96.I started to do the obvious - I kept navigating through the icons to seewhat features were available, what ringtones were included, sample videos,etc. So far so good....I thought the speakers on the phone were a bit out ofshape...but I didnt expect home theater sound either....I setup my POP3 email account, again very easy, and began to test email,messaging, etc.... This is where my woes began. Every few minutes the phonewould ask me if I wanted to use AT&T; medianet to connect since it had lostinternet connection to the wireless network. This kept happening....forabout 30 minutes...until I finally gave up. I went and checked my router etcand there were no internet issues. I rebooted the router, just in case, andstarted to test the phone again about 15 minutes later. Again...it would geton our WIFI and keep dropping it every few minutes...this time I was about25 feet away from my router.Day 1 is over - Day 2 is tomorrow and I will update the reivew then. Pleasedo NOT Vote for me until you have read my entire review for this phone...I am disappointed thus-far.Day 2 01/12/09One note of caution before I begin day 2 of testing. This is a dual sliderphone....from the bottom up you get the keypad for numeric dialing...fromthe top down you get media controls, play/pause etc. I find that the balanceof the phone is thrown off when revealing the keypad and thus dialing is abit difficult on the go....I am a cross platform computer user but prefer to use a mac for most digitalmedia related solutions. Today I will attempt to get the N96 connected tothe mac and do some downloads. I will also be attaching the phone to mywireless network in the office to see if the problems from yesterdayre-appear. (i will update the review as I see fit during the day).I have downloaded the iSync plugin and the Multimedia transfer software from[...] So far so good...easy to install and get going.The N96 seemlesly integrates with the mac in that iPhoto launches showingthe device and images that are on it. It also allows for synchronizing allphotos onto the device....I like this so far. The Nokia Multimedia Transfersuite allows transfer of iTunes music to the device...and now that iTunes isDRM free this will be a nice feature considering the N96's 16gb of memory.The iSync plugin allows you to launch iSync on the mac and add the N96 as adevice...very easy. I can now sync all of my contacts and calendars from mymac to the N96. I dont think too much detail is required on the above twotopics...they are very easy and work well.You must remember to download the software from [...] asit is NOT included on the CD's in the box. The phone can then be connectedvia micro usb and or bluetooth. (Did I mention my gripe due to the fact thatthey chose micro usb instead of mini usb...now we need all new chargers...)My opinion of the phone seems to be improving a bit due to the connectivity,but the wireless lan still remains as a challenge...I have had to turn ofthe WLAN so that I can test and review the phone.Now on to some other features: (brief one liners)FM Radio - Excellent Feature and very clear reception in and around New YorkCity.Camera - Great 5mp Resolution and can be used as a pocket camera whencarrying a 2nd camera is not feasible. However it should be noted that evenin bright daylight the images show some noise..Allows for music and podcasts, which I love. I am a podcast listener due tolong 3-4 hour commutes.(NOTE that the Nokia Software must be running at all times when phone isconnected via usb or bluetooth)Great applications out of the box, not to mention the very refined SymbianOS which allows for great flexibility.Capacity at 16gb is amazing and allows for all of your media to be stored onthe phone.Application/Game downloads from the phone are easy...when the WLAN works.Now for the final portion of my review - Amazon Video on Demand.First things first...you have to use the Amazon Unbox player which is onlyPC compatible for the time being. The VOD service is awesome and the pricesare great. I have seen friends using this in the past but have not tried itmyself until now. The download of unbox was very quick and installation wasperfect. I was able to install the player on Vista 32 Ultimate, login to myamazon account, and download my rented copy of Hancock to watch on my newN96... My first experience with this type of service (other then itunes) hasbeen great. I have always used AMAZON For mp3's but never for Video....I ama blu-ray type and thus enjoy my home theater experience...however I nowhave an alternative to getting movies for viewing while travelling etc....Conclusion:I feel that this phone has a lot more to offer then what I am seeing as aresult of two days of usage. The overall feature set is nice but it isfrustrating to use at best. Considering the $600+ price tag I am sure thatthere are other smart phones out there that can do what the N96 does andmuch more. The iPhone 3g is a perfect example.The 3g service, while in its infancy in the US, is definitely working wellon the N96. The iPhone 3g and Blackberry Bold will drop out on occasionwhere as the N96 is still showing coverage. I think this is because Nokiahas years of experience running on 3g networks and this phone shows it.I apologize for the long review but I felt that an item like this was worthyof a detailed test run...not a quick and dirty review.Pros:CapacityFootprintStyleMedia Syncing AbilitiesCamera (5mp - a bit noisy)Cons:Bad WLAN UsageBad balance while using keypad.Over priced.Controlling the phone is somewhat difficult.Box Includes:Phone.Battery.Chargers for both AC and Car.Headset for use alone or with adapter that has media controls.A/V Cable to attach to TV, etc.USB to Micro USB Cable for Computer hookup.Documentation and software for Windows.Overall I would say this device is worthy of a great review...but I left itat 4 out of 5 because of the unsatisfactory wlan performance. I love thefact that the software Nokia provides makes it very easy to synchronizemedia and contact/calendar data from both a mac and a pc. The price tag is abit on the steep side.It is very hard to review a product with so much power in a short period oftime, thus I am sure I will be updating this review as time goes on. I amhopeful that a firmware upgrade of sorts will fix potential issues on thisdevice and that the future will be bright.Features I still need to test include GPS and Applications.....updates will be forthcoming.

Still browsing all the options. Great Phone, Quality and Look is most important and we get it all.

Although this phone is amazingly high-powered and sophisticated, it is greatly lacking in capabilities for the business owner. Having now used an older model Blackberry for over a year, I am regretting the purchase of this Nokia.This would be a FANTASTIC phone for any highschool, college, or media junkie....just not for the serious entrepreneur or small business person.

phone is good as it should be, only problem is the language display because I bought the phone in US it can not display the far east language when on line with far east country web site, and they do not have software to add any language except those are build in the phone.

I've own this phone now for 4 months and it is terrific. Very fast internet access via 3G or Wi-Fi. The screen and camera quality is absolutely stunning (5MP Carl Zeiss Optics). Plenty of storage 16GB internal and up to 8GB microsd slot. Radio, music player, outstanding media features. The only bad is the key pad, flat and small. Takes some getting use to.

The new Nokia N96 phone reads like a powerhouse smartphone packed with features. It is a full color, unlocked GSM slider phone with a 5MP camera, stereo sound, music and video features. While it is a quad band world phone, here in the US it works on T-Moblie and AT&T; networks (although AT&T; is recommened for its faster 3G network). Let me start out by describing what you get. Nokia has packed quite a bit in the box. They include cables to hook your phone up to you TV to watch video, a car charger, a sync cable to sync your phone to your pc for updates, video, app and music downloads, battery, travel charger, a remote that hooks into the phone along with earbuds that hook into the remote, (no you can't use the earbuds without the remote and you cannot hook alternate headsets into the phone or the remote),an invitation to use the OVI service (an online backup service with tiered features to backup your phone), a User Guide, Get Started Guide, the Nokia PC Suite CD, an NGage free game offer, warranty info and of course the phone.Now for the phone. It is a beautiful, full color, lightweight device that promises much, but delivers less. Since this is a GSM phone, after calling to switch service, you only need to add your SIM card to start using it. The battery was partially charged out of the box, so it did not take long to charge. Despite what I have read from other reviews, I had no problems adding contacts from my SIM card to the phone. Since this phone IS NOT a touch screen, everything is menu driven. Nokia did not do a good job of letting you know where all the menus are. While a User Guide is included, the full version of how to use the phone is included in the online version of the guide that can be found at the Nokia product page. The buttons on this phone do not stand out as much as I would like. The call and end keys are on opposite sides, but are not as prominent as they should be. The Power key is on top and it takes a few minutes to turn it on. There are "media keys" that work for video or music playback that surround the larger scroll key. The scroll key is used to navigate the various menus, with the usual Nokia context sensitive Selection keys above the Call and End keys. The scroll key is very sensitive, I kept hitting selections that I did not want and it is also used for navigating web pages. There is a menu key that is usefull and a multimedia key which isn't that helpful. The display is beautiful and call quality is excellent. You slide the main section up to bring up the keyboard and number pad. This phone should have had a qwerty keyboard, as the typing on the keypad is time consuming pressing keys until you come to the one yo need.  This is also even more frustrating for the Internet. While the display is very clear, the browser is only a WAP mobile browser, not the full Internet browser that an iPhone or iPod Touch would have. Using the scroll key to move a too small arrow around is a pain. While this phone offers YouTube, the Internet video quality is very spotty. The stereo sound in 3D is very clear and you do not need a headset to listen. This phone is one of the few compatible with the Amazon UnBox service. To try out the service, I installed the Nokia PC suite. It installled a software updater, Video suite manager, photo app, PC suite app, and a Map loader for the GPS function. The installation of the apps was fast, though starting the PC Suite app took a very long time. The Amazon UnBox service is a video on demand portable player to watch video on you PC or mobile device. It was very easy to download the player and install it. Amazon has a nice selection of videos and I downloaded a Stargate SG-1 episode to view on my phone. Purchasing was fast and easy although downloading took a very long time because of the extra option for portable files. The UnBox player interface is nice, but I had a difficult time trying to transfer the files to the phone. The help files say that you can just copy files to the phone, but you actually transfer the files by clicking play. After finally getting the files to transfer to the phone, I was able to watch the video. The video playback on the phone for the Amazon purchase was clear and of excellent quality. Playback on the phone is in the widescreen format. It will play in both portrait and landscape mode, although queing up takes a while unlike an iPod or iPhone. You can slide the main phone the other way to show the video keys in landscape mode. The main 5MP camera with the Carl Zeiss lens is outstanding, the best camera I have seen on a phone so far. It has a flash and is located on the back. There is also a lower resolution camera on the front. Both can capture images and video. Photos look fantastic. The N96 is also supposed to broadcast TV signals through the LIVE TV service, but like most of the Nokia service options, it is not available in the US. Neither is the Nokia Music Store and the Nokia Maps turn by turn service. The phone will play music via the Windows Media Player (no Apple iTunes formats) and podcasts. It also has an FM radio and Internet radio playback capability. The radio feature will only play with the remote and headset attached. You cannot listen to the radio without the attachments, another boneheaded manuever by Nokia. The Maps feature, which is the GPS function to me was useless. After the app opens, you see a 3D image of the planet. You have to install the Maps software before the actual street level option will work and as I mentioned before, the turn by turn doesn't work in the US. My iPod Touch handles GPS faster and easier than this. The N96 is also supposed to be Bluetooth compatible, but I could not get it to discover my Bluetooth headset despite numerous attempts.This phone has a lot of quirks. While it does turn on fairly quickly and you can make calls quickly, Using many of the features means responding to a number of silly requests such as "go on Internet now?" after selecting the web option. I personally prefer touch screen phones because it is much easier to navigate than having to drill down through numerous menus. Some shortcut options are available, but not for a lot of features. I did not try the OVI service, since I already use a wonderful service called Dashwire to backup my phone. The N96 does have a large 16 GB storage with a memory card addition available, it does leave a lot to be desired. This phone is better engineered for the overseas market rather than the US. It would a good option for those who use the Windows Media audio files for music and radio and camera and video fans. It is a good effort, but falls short, especially for the high price.

I have some problems with software it gets reset automatically some times when I try to use the camera funcition, and also the light don`t turn off automatically some times it stay on after use the phone or receive a call or make a call it makes that the battery life goes donw.It would be good if this problem of software woudl be solved asap.

I own this phone and it is wonderful. I even dropped it in water and not a little water a lot of water and it is now still working perfectly. I love this phone. I have all my kids pictures on here and they are very good quality. This is a great phone.

Despues de haber sufrido con celulares Motorola y Blackberry, adquiri el Nokia N96, excelente telefono, facil de usar, bastante intuitivo y poderoso, el GPS sorprende y el 3.5G no que decir. el telefono en general se merece un 10, el unico punto a mencionar en contra es la duracion de su bateria, que en comparacion con otro tipo de telefonos similares es demasiado corta. El software Symbian es sorprendente y mas sorprendente es la gran cantidad de aplicaciones gratis que existen, por lo que no hay que pagar mas por tenerlas, aunque los 16GB son dificiles de llenar en especial en un telefono celular puedo decir que he disfrutado bajando videos de internet y mirandolos en el telefono, la camara de fotos y video es sorpendentemente clara y rapida en el modo de rafaja, el autofocus es bueno y la calidad de la imagen excelente.Si tuviera que comprarlo, sin duda lo haria

I bought this phone for my wife who had a 2 year old Motorola RAZR on T-Mobile USA.  Out of the box it worked well, a phone call activated it same day. It is super for web browsing, the web browser is superior to my Motorola Q (sprint).  Wifi works without problems, allowing her to call me on Skype from her phone. 3G on T-mobile is a bit of a hassle, requiring her to manually select UTMS in the menu to get 3G (T-Mobile uses AT&T; towers), otherwise it prefers EGDE T-Mobile data.  3G UTMS is fast, almost as fast as cable internet on Wifi at home. Phone calls are flawless. The keypad and predictive text are not as good as a Motorola RAZR, for heavy texting you need either a phone with a QWERTY keyboard or get a Bluetooth USB keyboard for the N96.Camera images are almost as good as the Canon Powershot SD1000 we normally use, the only gripes are that there is no dedicated shutter button (you must launch the camera app in the menu) and you must hold the camera still for 2 seconds after taking the picture.  It *almost* replaces our canon. The N95 has a much better mechanical zoom camera.The phone occasionally requires a power down reset to cure some glitches it gets, like not dialing out a phone number selected in the contacts.Battery life while using it as a phone is great. Using GPS and internet heavily requires you to recharge the battery daily, one plus is the N96 includes a car charger, headphones (required for FM reception), remote control for watching movies, and a wall charger.  DO NOT be without a wall or car charger if you use the phone heavily. The N95 has better battery life.The rear battery cover does not fit exactly and can shift slightly, giving a cheap feel to an otherwise super phone.Video is awesome and watching a movie is good considering the N96 has a stand to prop it up horizontally. The speakers can be TOO loud at times, which is a welcome feature in a small phone.Watching YouTube videos are kinda grainy, I suspect the server recognizes it is a mobile phone and downgrades the video.GPS is as good as my Garmin GPSMap 76 I use on my boat and with the Nokia Maps or Google Maps is spot on. A-GPS uses towers and is accurate to 1/4 mile or so, the map shows the probable circle of error. Battery life goes quickly using GPS, so use your car charger.In closing, the phone is a near-substitute for its major competitors, the Google G1 Andriod, Iphone 3G, and HTC Touch. I feel watching movies and surfing is superior (except iphone) due to the bright screen and loud sound.The IPhone has a better display and you can expand and squeeze maps and the browser by moving your fingers.  Text input is radically different but comparable. That is, if you dont mind not having a real keyboard or touch screen.  Software is more available but must come through Apple. AT&T; for us was a deal-breaker as it is much more expensive and given the cost of the plan through the contract as well as the purchase price  the IPhone is 800$+ more than a N96.The HTC Touch has slightly better battery life but the case is bigger and I feel the slide is more fragile. A real keyboard is a super plus. Touch Flo 3D is a nice interface too.The G1 Android required a data plan from T-Mobile and the battery life is awful.  Google software currently (Jan/09) is slow to adopt and applications are few and far between. No exchange support. no video player.The Nokia N96 runs Symbian S60-3rd edition and currently it is less popular than Windows Mobile, comparable to Apple, and better accepted than Android. Nokia Maps are stored on the unit allowing navigation where internet service is unavailable. With 16GB internally and another 16GB on the storage card you can store a lot of music and data.  Microsoft Exchange internet integrates with the N96 allowing you to retrieve email.  The Music player is not as good as the IPod Touch, which my wife still carries.Bottom line, if you own the IPhone under contract or the Nokia N95 don't buy this unit. The advantages are marginal. Video is superior to the N95, same as IPhone, and others. Speakers are super loud.  If you are shopping for a multimedia phone and you dont currently own one, consider the N96 as it is a precisely built unit.  For texting or emails get a phone with a QWERTY keyboard.  We are overall mostly satisfied with the N96 with the one BIG revervation of not having a full keyboard.  Byron

I was excited to try this phone out as I have been using Windows Mobile devices for awhile (currently using the AT&T; Tilt) and never been completely satisfied with their performance. A 16 gig phone geared for music and video looked right up my alley. Having used this phone for several days and tried as many features as possible, I'm not nearly as enamored with it as I hoped. For a $600 phone, I expected something far more polished. This seems to have been rushed into production and has quite a few bugs and problems. Let's run down the good stuff first.PROS:- Light, compact form factor. Considerably lighter than my Tilt.- 16 gig of memory. Excellent amount of included space, and can take a microSD card for even more media files.- Beautiful screen. Video is sharp and colorful, although it could be a bit brighter. But hard to complain with the quality of the picture. See below though for more comments on video playback. It also is much more visible in sunlight than my Tilt is.- 5 gig camera with flash and video capability. I debated whether to include this under the "pros" as I didn't find the quality of the images produced by the camera all that great, particularly indoors. But having a flash and being able to record video with it is still at least better than not having it at all.- Excellent sound quality and nice loud speakers. Includes two speakers for "sort-of" stereo playback. This phone can really produce some serious volume, I was quite impressed. Granted, the sound quality out of the speakers is not going to blow anyone away. But it's pretty good regardless. And make sure you turn the volume down before using the headphones, it will totally blast you away! If you regularly try to listen to music in noisy situations where volume is crucial, you will know how important this can be.- Excellent multimedia features included. FM radio, internet radio, podcasts, etc. Most of these I could do on my WM phone, but great to have them included for seamless integration right on the phone.- Good included accessories. Includes a remote with speakerphone, car charger, TV out cables, free game, etc. Better package overall than most phones.Now for my fairly long list of negatives.CONS:- Lack of fullsize keyboard and/or touchscreen. I was surprised to see there was no touchscreen on this phone, that makes it really hard to compete with other smartphones in the same class like the iPhone and any Windows Mobile phone. With my Tilt, I not only have a full QWERTY keyboard (which granted, is not the greatest way to enter text for most people, but nice for things like passwords and WEP keys) you can use a wide variety of entry methods that work with the touchscreen. I personally use ones like Fitaly and Touchpad which can give good speed and yet still easily handle non-standard text at any time. One of the things I particularly find annoying with phones like this that use T9 is that you often have to turn it on and off which requires going to the menu. Likewise with the multi-key entry of letters and numbers, you have to constantly switch back and forth, which takes far longer on this phone than just about any other smartphone I've used. It's incredibly tedious and if you use your phone as a PDA or anything other than quick texting, you should probably look at better options.- Problems using Wifi versus AT&T; data plans. I personally use pay-as-you-go currently as I don't need to pay for monthly cell phone service and almost always have access to Wifi networks. With my Tilt, it's a simple matter of a one-time configuration of the phone for any Wifi network and it will use that automatically versus accessing the AT&T; data network. This phone just would not cooperate with that. It often would switch over and use the data plan and charge me no matter how I configured it, even going into the settings and making my Wifi the default. Worse, you would have to do this *every* time you access a new Wifi network, setting it up as a default and then switching it back, and even then, it seems to randomly hit the data network and charge me for usage without warning. And to make it even more annoying, just about every time it needs to access the internet, it has to ask me what network to use, the Wifi or AT&T.; Why bother setting a default (and configuring it for automatic) if it's not going to just use it?? It's almost like the phone is trying to get you to use the paid data plan whether you have access to Wifi or not. Just about everything else on this phone I can kind of deal with, or work around, but this is so frustrating for me and COSTS ME MONEY that it's a total dealbreaker. So if you want to use Wifi as your primary data access network, and not pay the significant cost of a monthly data plan, you will probably want to use a different phone.- Bare-bones email and web applications. The email and web apps that came with the phone didn't do much for me. Emails with HTML were not properly formatted at all, and the options for handling email as well were very limited compared to what I am used to. When I tried to adjust my settings, it wiped out my custom POP settings and I had to enter them all over again (which due to the lack of keyboard is particularly annoying). The web browser was not quite as bad, but navigating the pages without a touchscreen is slow and tedious and it kept popping up the "overall" page view when it was inconvenient. The back button brings up little thumbnails of the pages but for some reason they were often blank and kept skipping the actual page I wanted to get back to. I was easily able to load on the free Opera Mini browser however, which gave me a far better experience. If you use a smartphone, I highly recommend grabbing a copy of it. I've not yet found a free email replacement, I'd probably have to pay to get an email application that just does the basics that I would have liked to come with the device.- While there's certainly plenty of games on Symbian and for N-Gage, the library of applications is a bit more limited. Also just the fact that it doesn't use a touchscreen makes game play often more limiting and somewhat more tedious as it relies totally on keystrokes, particularly the types of games I prefer (card games, adventure games, etc.) Still, the games offered were decent enough and the graphics top-notch for a mobile phone, and I do notice more places offering Symbian versions of their software. Both my Hava player and Roboform mobile apps had versions that ran okay on the N96 (although not flawless).- Performance issues. My main hope was that this device would be zippier and less prone to locking up than the Tilt. Unfortunately this was not the case. The processor is downgraded from the previous N95 model, most likely done to allow them to also downgrade the battery as well but I can't say if the problems I saw are a result of this or typical for Symbian phones. While the video was sharp and beautiful to look at, I still experienced pauses and skips...particularly with the sample videos included! Almost all of the ones included with the phone did not play smoothly all the way through. I had better luck with some small videos that I synced to the device and a couple TV episodes that I downloaded from Amazon Unbox. While they did not always play perfectly, they were at least watchable for 95% of the time. The phone itself also often temporarily pauses and/or freezes and a few times locked up on me completely. Unlike the Tilt which has a reset option, I could not figure out how to unlock this phone when it froze other than to remove the back and pull the battery out. Very annoying.- Camera image quality. It's important when evaluating cameras to realize that megapixels means little about quality. So getting 5 MP with the phone means mostly that the images it takes will just take up more space on the phone. They certainly aren't of a quality that I would be interested in printing them out which is where the 5 MP would be of any use. They are of similar quality to most cellphones...which means only good for snapshots when you have nothing better on-hand. And indoors in anything other than very bright light, they were definitely worse than what my Tilt is able to take, even though the camera includes a flash.- Battery life. Barely passable, no better than my Tilt which was equally a battery hog. You definitely need to charge it every night and if you use your phone much, you may find you need to charge it during the day as well.- Voice control. This is one of those phones that you don't really train, it just recognizes the names you speak and picks the default phone. Also some basic application control. This type of VR can be problematic if you have people with similar names and I just much prefer training my own names and commands as I can with the software on WM phones. And of course, there's nothing in the manual about how to even use this feature.- Live TV. Touted as a feature, but won't work for most people due to very limited coverage right now. You're probably much better off just getting a Slingbox or Hava which will work with a wide range of phones these days, including this one.- Non-standard USB cable. May seem like a small nit, but things like this just annoy me. Why not use a standard mini-USB cable, which most people have multiple ones of, and also a USB cable that will simultaneous charge the device? It's really annoying when you are syncing the device, moving videos, etc. and it runs out of juice. Using this new micro USB cable means I'll need to buy another one for travel....and probably another cable for charging in different places.- GPS. I only tested the GPS briefly as this was another area where it seemed to insist on using the data plan rather than Wifi. But I just don't see the benefit in using a GPS on such a small screen and paying monthly fees for it, when you can buy dedicated GPS units for as little as $100 these days that are larger and easier to read while driving, and with much better features. This GPS didn't work nearly as well as my simple Garmin unit and didn't even compare with running TomTom on my Tilt which I don't pay any fee to use (other than the purchase cost of the software).- No case or screen protector. For the price, some kind of cheap case would be nice. The device comes with a plastic skin covering the front and back that would do nicely as a screen protector, but for some reason, they plastered a big "NOKIA" over the front so it can't be used. The screen and phone itself really shows fingerprints and smudges pretty readily so a screen protector would have been highly appreciated.- Nokia PC Suite issues. I didn't have too much trouble syncing my Outlook contacts, but had various issues with other parts of the PC Suite. Forget using the music application, for some reason it didn't read 99% of the tags in my MP3s, so had to use Media Player to sync music to the device. The video manager as well did not work very well for me. It handled small videos okay, but as soon as it got to anything with length, it locked up on me. Took me several tries to convert videos of more than 100 meg in size. I want to try and do some conversions myself and see what videos it really can handle, as I have other mobile video conversion software that does a good job, but I know already it doesn't seem to handle Divx video which is a shame.- Bare bones user manual. The manuals included cover the basics, but you won't find much help in them if you need more than just "getting started" information. For instance, I was trying to figure out where I turn on T9 predictive text, but there's absolutely no information in the manual on text entry whatsoever. I went to the Nokia site to see if the support section had a better manual to download, but nope. You better be good at figuring stuff out on your own to use this phone (and yes, I did figure out where the T9 setting was).- Other issues. I seem to just run into random problems with this phone. YouTube videos for instance would not play at all, regardless of which browser I used. It doesn't seem to like most of my album art in the music player, and does not always play smoothly if playing in the background while doing other activities on the phone (web browsing for instance). The microSD slot is harder than most to get the card in and out of. The build quality is very plastic, cheap feeling. And there are just some things that make it obvious it was kind of rushed to market. For instance, there's a settings screen for a "scroll wheel" even though the phone doesn't even have one! Would be nice if it did, but to have settings in there for something that does not even exist on it, makes me wonder how much testing they really gave this phone before releasing.To summarize, this is a phone I really wanted to like. It's got huge potential as a portable media device and phone, but there are just too many problem areas to recommend it over other devices in the same price range.

99% of cell phone users want a cell phone that works. N96 has a plethora of useless features and "wizards" that don't work but only frustrate the user. 90% of these addons do NOTHING for us. See below.For instance: after a week of reading all the manuals and online help, I've yet to get the GPS to work in ANY way. I am a techno nerd, a scientist and I embrace high-technology. So when I fail at a FEATURED function of this phone, I know that Nokia did not intend for it to actually work.I've had numerous Nokia phones and most-recently a Sony-Eriksson, and a Sangsung SGH-G608. All have had a nice PC suite that enabled copying of addresses from SIM to phone or mass media, synching with PC, etc. It was also easy to make such transfers without a PC.N96 does not allow simple management of CONTACTS; thus, it fails the most basic function of a phone, something my home portable phones on landline perform easily. It seems obvious that a user should be able to copy and backup contacts among Phone, SIM, mass storage, and PC. But apparently Nokia hasn't thought of that.The N96 does not seem to allow transfer of CONTACTS from SIM to phone, or to my PC. Thus, requiring manual entering of individual contacts. Most, if not all other phones accept contacts from a SIM.I bought one N96 from Amazon for myself to test before I would buy four more for friends overseas. In spite of the slick package, we really need a functional international phone. The Samsung GH608 is superior in all regards, though it doesn't have GPS (moot because the N96 GPS doesn't work). Thus, I'm thinking, eBay for the N96 and iPhone as a possible replacement.The PURPOSE of N96 is to get the user to game and surf online. Pure and simple. The PURPOSE of the N96 is NOT to easily place phone calls, manage contacts and calls. So... if you want to do anything like actually use a cellphone, do NOT get taken in by the N96 hype.

This is my first smartphone purchase, but I played around with several before buying.  I bought the phone because it had everything I wanted, including unlocked and no touch screen.  I hate touch screens.  It has a ton of features I don't need, but, hey, you never know, right?  I'll focus more on Cons because that's more valuable to a potential buyer.Pros:Has everything you could want in a phone.  Camera is decent, but a standard point-and-click camera is better.  Image display is good, and speaker quality is amazing!  The phone OS is fairly customizable.  Unlike many people, I don't have a problem with the power button nor shutter button.  The product description does a good job citing the Pros.Cons:My biggest disappointment would be the materials used.  They feel cheap.  When the phone is slided-down and I'm in, for lack of a better word, "gaming-mode," I feel that I may break the phone in half.  I'm an engineer, so I look for efficiency in building, and there is a lot of wasted space inside the phone.  I think that with a little bit more time, they easily could have reduced the size, strengthened the case, or given more features, especially for it's cost.  Buttons are a little small.  Especially the square directional one on the front.  Media controls are redundant, which annoys me.  Not too many apps for Symbian S60 when compared to Android, Apple, and even Blackberry.  Another big problem is the battery life.  It is really annoying to need to recharge so often.

I currently own the LG Dare and Blackberry Curve, so I get the opportunity to use a "dumb phone" and a "smartphone" on a regular basis.  This Nokia N96 is sort of a compromise between the two.  It has the strengths of a smart phone while also delivering the pluses of the normal phone.  There are many pluses and minuses already mentioned by other reviewers, so I will not repeat the obvious ones.  Here are a few that really caught my attention:The Nokia Software loads about 700mb of software on your computer which would be fine if it all worked like it was intended.  I spent a lot of time searching forums for help on connecting and updating the device with the software.The 5mp camera is fantastic!  I also like the small camera on the front of the device.  Nice touch.  Though, this device is loaded with so many features and options, it could be overwhelming to the technically challenged.The TV out capability is excellent.  Home videos show clearly on my flat screen and movies display very well.  It's like the Swiss Army Knife of cell phones!I love the FM radio feature.  A good option that should be added to more portable devices.The phone is about the size of my LG Dare, but just a bit thicker.  It fits in your hand quite well.  Calls are clear.  A full querty keyboard would be a welcome addition, though.I use the device on T-Mobile (non 3G).  It works quite well, though you do give up certain features.The 2.8 inch screen is an absolute delight.  Crisp and clear.  Excellent for playing games and watching video.The N96, to me, is more of a designer gadget.  Those that love high tech devices with lots of features will drool over this phone.  It does everything pretty well, but compared with other phones, it doesn't really excel at anything.  It's definitely not the IPhone killer, but more of a trendy substitute. There are a lot of great phone choices out there.  The Nokia N96 would not be my first choice if my choice was utility (LG Dare).  Nor would it be my first choice for a smartphone (Blackberry or Samsung Omnia).  It would rank pretty high on my list of phones if I were looking for an all in one multimedia phone that is somewhat future proof (sans touchscreen and querty keyboard).

This is a really great phone, media player, and gps. The ONLY and i say again ONLY reason its not a 5 star, is simply becuase they didnt opt to go with a qwerty keyboard. So after using a palm, or blackjack phone you have to revert back to your old ways of typing in text messages which i do not like. Other than that simple flaw, the phone is a great investment.

Its ok but my phone the clock can`t set i don`t know y it doing that it that long too load up. i just don`t knoww

This phone aims to be an upgrade to theN95 8 GB, but it falls a bit short of that.  The feature set is only very minimally upgraded (mainly, more included memory plus a SD slot, a pullout kickstand around the camera lens, and a newer software release), and instead, it introduces some new shortcomings.The first thing that struck me was how much of an underperformer this phone really is.  Using the included music player to stream audio to myPioneer Car Stereoover Bluetooth (A2DP), it would stutter every 11-12 seconds, making for a less-than-stellar playback experience.  I attributed that to its slow processor, though it is possible that a future firmware upgrade would fix this issue.  Either way, i ended up returning it after a few days' use in favor of the slightly newerNokia N85, which in contrast performs much better and feels snappier overall.  (And by the way, looks much more modern and sexy, thanks in part to its gorgeous AMOLED screen).Secondly, a couple of other shortcomings from the original N95 (interational version, N95-1) are reintroduced in the N96.  Both use a 950mAh battery, compared to 1200mAh in the subsequent N95 models as well as the N85, and coupled with its larger 2.8" LCD screen, it means that it must be charged daily with any extended use.  Also, although it does include 128 MB of RAM (runtime memory), only about 45MB or so are available for applications at startup, so like the N95-1, it is subject to frequent "out of memory" errors if you leave a few applications open.Thirdly, although Nokia have resolved their long-standing WCDMA patent dispute with Qualcomm, this phone still only supports North American UMTS bands (850/1900 MHz), whereas the newer N85 has tri-band UMTS (850/1900/2100 MHz) and so will be able to get 3G speeds worldwide.  (Conversely, the international version of the N96 will not get 3G speeds in North America).  In particular, if you plan to travel to Japan or South Korea, this phone will not work at all, wheras the N85 will.  (All these phones support quad-band GSM though, and will work on 2G speeds everywhere else in the world).The distinctive new feature of the N96 is its support for the DVB-H (Digital Video Broadcast for HandHelds) standard; however this feature is not enabled in the U.S. version, since carriers here have chosen to use MediaFLO instead.  The price, however, remains as high as the international version (actually higher for most, since they would get a carrier subsidy in most countries), so you end up paying a premium for a feature you cannot use.On the positive side, this phone has much better support for different video formats/resolutions than other phones (also N-Series ones); it will pretty much play any movie you throw onto it without the need for transcoding or resizing.Also, it built relatively solid (mine did not have any creaking sounds, wobbly slider, or the like), and if you are concerned about build quality, you should definitely choose this over the N85.  Or, you could choose to wait for the recently-announced N86 8MP (which upgrades the N85 with a 8MP camera, 8MB of built-in memory in addition to a SD slot, and more attention to build quality).One note worth mentioning about N-Series and other unlocked phones in general is that although you pay a higher price upfront when compared to other smartphones that are subsidized by the carrier (mainly, AT&T;), you end up earning that back over time -- at least if you include a data plan.  The reason is that AT&T; charges higher prices for their "smartphone"/PDA/iPhone etc. plans than for the standard "data unlimited" plans.  For instance, the "data" portion of the iPhone plan is $30/month, wheras "data unlimited" for Symbian S60 phones like the N96/N95/N85 is $10 or $15 per month (depending on whether you also have unlimited messaging).  Over the 2-year contract period for the subsidized phone, that's a $360 or $480 difference - more than enough to offset the initial price difference.  (So basically, compared to the iPhone, you get a lot more capabilities at a lower price).Secondly, "unlocked" means that you are free to insert a SIM card from any GSM carrier in the world, not just those from a given carrier.  If you travel abroad, for instance, you can go into a local store to get a prepaid card with local tariffs, whereas with the iPhone you are forced to pay AT&T;'s international roaming charges ($1 - $3 per minute, depending on country).Finally, regarding carrier compatability: This phone is optimized for use on AT&T;'s network, with support for the 850/1900 MHz 3G bands.  It will also work with T-Mobile USA, albeit at 2G (GSM/EDGE) speeds.  It will NOT work with CDMA carriers such as Verizon, Sprint, Alltel, US Cellular, MetroPCS, and so on.  For those carriers, there is no such thing as an "unlocked" phone.

DISAPPOINTED ABOUT THE ONE DAY PRICE DROP LESS THAN A WEEK AFTER MY PURCHASE WITHOUT A CREDIT FOR THE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE.

This phone is amazing.  But please keep in mind that you will NOT be able to use this phone on T-mobile's 3G network, because the frequencies are different than HSDPA 850 / 1900 (american version).  If you dont care about 3G, I really recommend this phone; however you don't need to get the US version ($100 more expensive than buying it from someplace else) if you are on the T-Mobile network.

I anxiously awaited the arrival of this Nokia N96.  Its included features are enough to make anyone drool.I am using the device with AT&T; Wireless in the United States.  I quickly found that your basic phone functions are more or less easy to use.  Slide down the bottom keypad, and you're ready to dial a number.However, the other features I was so excited to try on the device were somewhat less easy to use.  The small indented power button on top of the device is even a bit confusing.  You have to depress it for a fair amount of time.  This can be a bit of a challenge, with large fingers.The web browser is quite quick, and the silver navigation ring on the front of the phone made it relatively easy to move around webpages.  However, somewhat less easy was figuring out how to connect it to the Internet.  I added my home wifi network, which wasn't too difficult, but I imagine would be a challenge for some users.  However, now, whenever I try to use any Internet based application or service, I have to select what connection I want: my home wifi, the mobile carrier's data network, etc.  It doesn't just connect, you have to confirm and select information every-time you go to do something  Want to listen to Internet radio, get ready to confirm you want to do that and that you want to connect to the Internet, and what connection you want to use. Want to use Nokia Maps?  Get ready to select your Internet connection.  It's really troubling.The phone is also setup by default in metric measurements.  I changed a setting from metric to imperial, but my maps still calculate everything based on kilometers rather than miles.  This does not bother me, for the fact I'm very comfortable with metric measurements, but I imagine others might find this confusing and frustrating. Surely, there is setting to change this, but it is not obvious.Turn by Turn Directions is a bright spot for the Nokia N96.  Nokia will give you a 3 month trial of Turn by Turn Directions.  Then all you need is a connection to the Internet, with your mobile provider, and you can get turn by turn directions from your current location to a destination of your choice.  You can also search for businesses, restaraunts, or anything else you might be interested in driving to.  Walking directions are also available.  I would give the maps and turn by turn implementation on this phone a 4/5.  It works quite nicely, once you get it running, though it is still a bit cumbersome.The camera included with the N96 is another bright spot. For a mobile phone camera, it's one of the best.  It is 5 megapixels, but more importantly it has a good camera lens that take solid pictures under good lighting.  It has an autofocus as well.  Perhaps even more impressive, the video you can shoot with the Nokia N96 is the best quality setting, is also very good.  The video recording capability is one of the things I plan to use the N96 for the most.Connect the N96 to your computer for some exciting options.  On a Windows computer, you can use the Amazon Unbox service, to sync the mobile copies of your purchased TV shows.  This can be good, if you need to watch a show on the go.  It's also easy to use popular music applications (except iTunes obviously) and included software to sync your MP3 files to your phone, such as the ones you can purchase from the Amazon MP3 store.  Videos from Amazon Unbox look quite good when viewed on the N96, and the sound from the Internal speaker and headphones were both impressive.I also tried connecting the N96 to my Mac.  Surprisingly, selecting the mass media option from the handset after connecting it via USB, even my Mac could sync with iPhoto the photos and videos I recorded on the phone!  That is fantastic.  Mac users can still use the N96 to pull the photos and videos they take.  A nice feature.3G - The N96 can connect to AT&T; 3G network where available.  This does allow faster map searching and internet browsing, though drains the battery somewhat quicker.FM Radio - A surprising feature of the Nokia N96 is that when you connect standard headphones, you can listen to your local FM radio.  It may sound like something of the past, but when your device has the capability it is more convenient than you might think.Drawbacks - Again, a big drawback of the N96 is that it is not always easy to use.  You'll spend several minutes, if not longer, the first time you try to do anything.  Furthermore, without a dedicated QWERTY pad, typing messages, emails, or web addresses can be a challenge.Overall, the Nokia N96 brings together a tremendous number of features.  You have a solid phone camera, solid video recorder, multimedia player, music player, FM radio, calendar, web browser, 16 GB of included memory and more.  However, there is a high learning factor, to use many of the features.  Furthermore, with the power and capability of the phone, you sometimes find yourself wishing for a QWERTY keyboard, or a touch screen.The N96 has some amazing capabilities, but for the several hundred dollars the device requires to purchase, I am left wondering how many people should pay that much money, for it.  If you really believe it's the perfect phone for you, I would not discourage you.  However, if you are not completely against getting a contract phone, an offering from Blackberry or the iPhone may be a simpler to use solution.

I ORDERED THIS PHONE AS A PRESENT FOR SOMEONE BUT ITS UNFORTUNATE THAT I WILL GIVE THE PERSON SUCH A PHONE ITS USED .

I think there's not much I can say. All I'll say is that the photos don't make justice to this phone. It's just awesome. The keyboard is nice and responsive and texting on it is just so natural. This phone has killer looks and you can also see it's been well built with a lot of attention to detail. I still haven't tried the GPS because I'm in South America and there aren't detailed maps of the city I'm in. Long story short, this phone is really incredible.

I've waited a month of having this phone to review it to make sure that I give an accurate review of it's pros, cons and quirks.  Here's the "short" version of my review.Switching to the Nokia N96 after using an HTC MDA with Windows Mobile on it for 2 1/2 years.If you slide the keypad down, the numeric keypad shows and the display remains in portrait.  If you slide the keypad up, the multimedia keypad shows and the display goes to landscape mode.  However, if you close the multimedia keypad, the display stays in landscape mode.  This can be a pro or a con, depending on who you are.  For me, this is a con, because I have to move the numeric keypad down to get the screen to go back to portrait.The menu items on the screen are customizable.CallsThe clearest calls ever.  This is the first mobile phone that I have ever used speakerphone where the other party does not ask, "Are you on a speakerphone?"  It sounds the same as if you were using the handset.  I did try using the "Say Caller's Name" function, hoping that the caller's name would be verbally communicated, but the phone froze up and had to be reset after a test call was made to it.MessagingMessages show the sender and the first 30 characters of any message, great for getting the jist of what you're looking for in your inbox.  The left and right buttons allow movement between Inbox, Templates, Drafts, Sent, Outbox and Reports.  Inbound MMS may take hours if being sent from a competitor's service company (this may be an AT&T; issue, though).CalendarLarge, easy to read month and week calendar.  Easy to add appointments, just pick a date and start typing.  Easily swap between calendar views using the * key.NetworkQuickly locates surrounding Wifi, however, once you select a network (even if the connection is unsuccessful) you must manually select a new network by vising the WLAN Scanning setting.ProfilesPhone has Normal, Silent, Meeting, Outdoor, Pager, and Offline profiles which are 100% customizable.  Press and hold the # key and you swap between your preferred profile and silent mode.  Excellent 1 click capability.BluetoothI did not test this feature extensively, but was able to connect to a BlackBerry Pearl quickly.Video CenterVideo starts in portrait, must open multimedia buttons to change to landscape.  Has extremely vivid, detailed video.  Multimedia backlit buttons on keyboard fade after so many seconds of being idle, must memorize which buttons are where.  Thankfully, the "select" button doubles as a pause button.PhotosYou can sort your photos by captured, months, albums, tags, downloads and all.  A very appealing rotating menu of the thumbnails can be used to select which photo(s) you would like to view.GamesI only played PinBall and I hated it.  Having to use the 1 and 3 keys for the flippers with my thumbnails scratching up the bottom of the screen.  Didn't like playing games on it at all.ButtonsLock button is convenient quick slider.  Does have a power button, don't need to hold down the end key.  The volume button is the hardest button I have ever had to press on a phone, don't attempt this one handed.  Memory card slot is hard to open, afraid it will snap off every time I try to open it.  The keypad is backlit in white.  When the keypad idles out, you have the option to have the select button "pulse" in a dim bit of light to that it's easy to find in the dark.  Very neat!Video Camera5 megapixel Carl Zeiss lens is the best I've ever seen on a phone.  The shutter button can be held halfway down, just as any other digital camera to focus.  The phone has different scene modes found in other digital cameras, such as Auto, User Defined, Close Up, Portrait, Landscape, Sports, Night and Night Portrait.  The camera also has burst mode that works extremely well!  Video tells you how much time you have left (i.e., 1:29:00) but when shooting video, the time rapidly declined to 1:24:00 within 5 seconds and continued declining from there.  The video does have a video light, similar to a flash for still pictures.  White balance, color tone are other options you can use.  The shutter button is hard to press without blurring the shot if you have the flash turned off.  Zoom is slow.  Lots of options for the self timer.  There is a secondary camera used for a self portrait or video calls, but it is definitely a worse lens, etc., as it picks up a lot of noise in low light and the quality is inferior.BrowserA "pearl" would definitely come in handing.  Using the Navigation button is tedious and time consuming.  Your thumb starts to hurt after a while of using it to scroll, as well.GeneralBattery will show fully charged for days, but as soon as you take a call, the battery seems to drain super quick, almost like when you have a full tank of gas and the guage doesn't move for days, but as soon as it does, you know you'll be out of gas within 50 miles.  This could be quite confusing for a first time multimedia phone user.  Would recommend to see this in a touch screen with a QWERTY keypad.  The backplate is very delicate and it feels like I'm going to break it.The other day the phone said, "No SIM Card" and when I opened the backplate and took the battery out, yep, there was the SIM card.  It had become unsecured.  I'm sure just pressing the battery down would've corrected this, but this could be a pain.  BTW, this happened without me dropping or jarring the phone at all.The kick stand is hard to open the first time, you're afraid you'll break it, however, afterwords it's really easy to open, but not too easy that it'll fly open on its own.If you need to relocate files from one memory source to another, it is a smooth, quick process (i.e., from MicroSD card to 16GB Memory).Quick charging time.The camera lens cover is *not* recessed, making for easy cleaning.FM Radio is excellent, you can use either the handset, headset or stereo speakers.  Also, this has the best stereo sound I have ever heard from a phone, much better than my iPod dock.

I've used Nokia phones for years.Of all the phones I've had this is simply the worst device I've ever used.Don't be duped by the model number. While the N95 is a wonderful phone, the N96 is badly made and unstable

SummaryThe Nokia N96 is an expensive phone that competes against many rival companies that have done their homework over the years to provide competitive products against this phone-dominating firm. The N96 fails to be able to be a leader in its phone class, with issues that are problematic of a phone years older.  The few positives of the N96 do not command the high purchase price.Background:I used the N96 with AT&T; service in the US.  My local areas has extensive 3G coverage so I was always able to get a solid 3G, fast, connection (Note I do not have any LiveTV service in my area).  My normal phones I use are the Iphone 3G and the Samsung Blackjack II (windows mobile).  I am a rather geeky person who enjoys tinkering with phones and computers so I will provide an assessment from a user-experience in comparison to the two phones I've cited, which I use often on the same 3G service; for those who aren't aware, GSM phones have sim cards that can be popped into different phones so aren't "tied" to a specific piece of hardware (i.e. Verizon, Sprint).Unboxing:The N96 comes in a very nice retail box.  This is typical of Nokia's products, placing a high degree of emphasis on packaging.  It sets off a nice first impression of the product.Build:Overall the phone has a mirrored surface for its LCD and a shiny black glossy surface for the rest of the phone.  The black does attract fingerprints and at first this tends to put people off.  However, after a while the fingerprint effect psychologically diminishes upon itself so you do not really care.The keys are only average in tactile feel and comparable to a regular $200 phone.  This is surprising since I thought a top of the line phone would have quality keys with a firm solid response.  Not so here.  The keys spacing are not conducive to one-hand dialing without looking at the unit.The LCD is beautiful, with crisp text and accurate color display. If there's anything that's very well engineered on this phone it will be the LCD and camera (more on that below).  Truly world-class, I haven't quite seen an LCD look as good as on this phone.The camera is really good on this phone. Quite a far cry from the iphone and other Windows mobile phones.  Pictures come out reasonably sharp in daylight.  Low light is poor, but again, that's nothing unusual from any camera phone and the quality is still leaps and bounds better than the iphone. The camera does have a very bright LED that can amazingly light up a dead-dark environment a few feet ahead at max range.The exterior speaker is loud enough but only average in quality with a slightly tinny output.  I believe that my blackjack II's speaker is louder and cleaner in output, not significantly so, but enough to be noticeable.The rear kickstand, a widely marketed feature, is a pure gimmick that is poorly designed. Because it is not directly in the middle of the unit, the weight is not properly balanced. This means that an uneven surface, or a slight breeze could topple the unit over.  Tacky, I was so full of disgust when I tried it myself.  Needs to be completely reengineered or gotten rid of entirely.The ports are that of a micro USB, headphone, and power port. Nokia has decided not to use the USB port for power, however, so you have to lug around the power plug during travel if you take your laptop with you.  Not cool!There are no rubber boots for the ports on the phone.  Not a good sign - -water seepage can end up being a problem here.  And for those who say those boots tear off anyway, that is not necessarily true.  My old Blackjack II phone never had any of its boots torn off even though I heavily "abused" it for a year by inserting an removing countless times.Battery life is mediocre.  I could get about a day's worth of use with heavy web browsing and a few phone calls.  The battery gets much hotter than a normal smartphone does when in heavy discharge/charge mode.  It would be nice if Nokia could address this issue by producing a phone that doesn't feel like a mini hot plate to your face or hand.Accessories:The included car charger is a strange size.  It could not fit into my cig lighter.  Fortunately, I had a car charger from a different Nokia model that was compatible.  There is a proper USB cable included, which is a good thing since not everyone has a microUSB ported type of cable.  The travel charger is small enough.  There is no MicroSD card included, but these are cheap enough to buy for anyone who needs more than the regular 16GB of built in memory.  It's really nice that the memory is expandable like this, compared to the iphone where you are locked out from expansion options.  For music lovers, this means you can have a max of 24GB of memory and 16GB microsd's are on there way over soon, so that would mean 32gb of storage.  Not bad!Interface and response:The user interface is typical Nokia sybian.  That is, the menu set is fairly straight forward in operation.  The phone, however, has a sluggish feel to it.  Programs load sluggishly, making you wonder if you pressed the right button to launch it.  After a bit, the lag finally catches up.  I expect such typical behavior from a Windows Mobile phone,but the fact a Symbian phone does this is clearly unacceptable.  I'm not sure why the phone is so slow in execution; supposedly this phone lacks a multimedia processor and is clocked very low.  Regardless, it simply is slow, and that's all that matters to the end-user who will feel upset waiting at the response times.  This issue likely extends into the browser.The built-in web browser is much better than IE for windows mobile.  However, it is much worse than the Iphone's browser.  Pages render fairly well but loading is slow and scrolling stutters.  Although the phone was capable of launching youtube videos from the regular youtube site, there was so much stuttering going on that it was useless. Resource intensive sites like CNN are too slow to load, making it painful to view.  Zooming was horrible and nonintuitive. Again, this was a common issue on old phones from the early 2000s, but a top of the line phone for 2009?  The Iphone, by comparison, breezes through the most intense sites with ease.  This is sadly not a good web browsing phone. Since a 3G data plan with AT&T; is so expensive, some of us would like a phone that's capable of browsing like an Iphone does.  Can't do that here.The phone does not support an international character set out of the box.  If you want to to view Chinese, for example, you cannot do this unless you mail in your phone to a Nokia service center.  This is a ludicrous option (did we timewarp to 1999?) in a time when extras should be downloadable from the manufacturer, even for a fee.  Since there's only one Nokia service center in the entire USA, you have to wait a long time for the turnaround.  To go without a phone that long is unacceptable.  The Iphone, by comparison, supports International characters right out of the box!The java stack on the N96 is awful.  It's too sensitive to security prohibitions and runs sluggishly, again.  I tried running Opera Mini, a java app, and it kept giving me security warnings every time I launched it, with no way to bypass those warnings.  The Opera mini program ran much slower than on my Blackjack II, a reflection, again, on the slow processing speed of the N96.The included GPS program was incredibly slow (do I hear an echo?) compared to the free Google Maps I've used on the iphone and the Blackjack.  Scrolling just to browse a map was painful and not something I could have any fun with.  In contrast, I love being able to just browse the maps on my other phones because it's quick and efficient.The N96 does have an auto position that uses the accelerometer.  It does work (disabled by default) but not all Symbian programs support it.  Therefore you are left with a rather quirky feature that may not activate when you expect it to.The T9 system is fast and pretty accurate. Honestly it's not going to get any better than this for input with a numeric keypad. The next step is have some hard alpha keys or an onscreen keyboard.As for phone quality, it sounded pretty good on both ends. Then again ,a 3G connection provides the crisp quality so the network infrastructure is more to the reason here.Conclusion:Nokia's N96 feels like a step back into time. It is sluggish in response, has poor included utilities, and its construction is not as good compared to its main rivals -- The iphone and the various Windows mobile platform phones.  The high price is not commensurate with its ability.  In particular, web browsing is awful.  A complete redesign is needed to make this phone faster and more intuitive.

For better or worse, it seems that smartphone reviews nowadays can't escape comparison with the iPhone, especially when that phone heavily touts its value as a consumer entertainment device. As it turns out, I'm an iPhone 3G owner (and former Windows Mobile owner) so this review is no different. I'll go ahead and spoil the ending to say that the N96 is no iPhone killer, but, refreshingly, I found that the N96 outclassed the iPhone's similar features in several areas. In fact, I'd say that while the Nokia N96 isn't for everyone,  it positions itself as a strong media phone for those wanting an alternative to the Apple ecosystem.On paper, the iPhone 3G and Nokia N96 are similar in many ways. Both have up to a 16 GB internal hard drive. Both have GPS. Both are designed to play music, games and widescreen video downloaded from the internet. Both have an "app store", where you can purchase and download additional programs. Both have integrated WiFi and both have 3G connectivity (HSDPA).The N96, however, is strong in areas where the iPhone is criticized for being weak. While the iPhone's camera is only 2 MP, the N96 boasts two cameras, one capable of video-calls and the other: an impressive 5 MP camera with a "flash" (really more of a close-range light) and lots of settings. The N96 has a removable battery, It has the capability for expanded storage with a Micro SD slot, it can send MMS messages and, most importantly, the phone is unlocked so you're not necessarily stuck with a single cellular provider!The N96 hardware has some great components and features, as well. It comes with an impressive array of accessories that most phones sell separately (for a pretty penny). Included with the phone are an AC adapter, car charger, headphone/aux extension cord with built-in media controls, and even TV-out cables!  The media and games are controlled by physical buttons which makes it easy to feel the buttons and navigate your music in the car without taking your eyes off the road. The built-in FM radio is great for local stations and, in my case, great for tuning into an FM-transmitted TV audio signal while jogging on the treadmill at my gym. The N96 also has the most impressive speakers I've heard on a portable device, producing enough volume to hurt my ears!Unfortunately, there are also several drawbacks to the N96. The N96's 2.8 inch screen, while sufficient, is smaller than the iPhone's. The Nokia app store doesn't have quite the variety and impressiveness of Apple's store. You can transfer purchased movies to the N96 from services like Amazon Unbox, but you can't  play Unbox movie rentals and the movie purchases you CAN transfer are restricted from playing via the included TV-out cables. The operating system can be difficult to use, especially because of the hardware's lack of touch screen, and lastly but most importantly, there's no keyboard, only a numeric keypad, so trying to compose emails and otherwise enter text is downright painful.All in all, however, the N96 is a very powerful entertainment phone. I think most consumers will find the ease of use and elegance of the iPhone more appealing, but I'd recommend this phone to those wanting to watch movies and play games while at the same time preferring to get their media from services like Amazon Unbox rather than the iTunes store. It's also a reasonable buy for those who travel internationally with their smartphone and want to be able to change SIM cards rather than getting ripped off by international roaming or expensive international calling plans.The price is a little steep, though not completely unusual for an high-end unlocked phone of this caliber, and overall I'd give it a weak four star rating: it's great, but far from perfect. The N97, expected in the US shortly after the first half of 2009 looks to have several improvements over the N96, but for those who want a high-end N-series phone sooner rather than later, the N96 will capably meet your needs.

Wow, there is so much to say about this new little phone! Nokia did a great job! I previously have been using an HTC Advantage x7500, so I am accustomed to having some serious gear with me. The Nokia N96 is more convenient to carry around, and is packed with features!The video looks great on the screen! It seems small at first, but it looks great! The quality is beautiful! The phone supports MP4 and 3GP video, and will not play many other formats, so you will have to convert things either with the video manager that comes with it, or another program. I tried full DVD size videos, and resized videos for the screen, and both play fine, and look great! I was worried it would choke on the larger file.Amazon's Unbox video on demand works great with this phone, and the quality is beautiful! There is a trick, though. When you plug in the phone to your computer with the USB, it should ask how you want it to connect. Select "Media Transfer" for it to show up, and be patient. Unbox scans your phone for video files, which can take a bit. Otherwise, the portable videos hop right over with no problem, and play great! They will, however, be protected, and the phone respects that, and therefore will not play the Amazon Unbox videos on your TV with the provided cable. However, Unbox makes adding videos to your new phone a snap!Video quality is very high for a cell phone! I was amazed with the camera! The video and pictures look great! I do have to say though, it suffers in low light situations, giving you a grainy image. For a cell phone, that isn't bad. And how often do you find yourself in a situation where you could whip out your cell phone, take a full video, and then play it on your friend's TV with the included video adapter cables? In addition to that, if you have an X-Box 360 or other UPnP video player, you can share your N96's video, pictures, and music right over a wireless network!I liked the feel of this phone. It has good weight to it for it's size, and feels very durable. I did not have to worry that harm would befall the N96 while in my pocket at work. The buttons have a good feel, and tactile response. The headphone jack is a standard 3.5 mm jack, and is NOT recessed, so you can plug a standard pair of headphones in! It also comes with an in-line remote control too!Battery life is great! I was constantly transferring data over cell, wifi, and gps while playing videos, music, and everything I could do, and it lasted me over 10 hours before it finally quit after doing some GPS tracking and playing music in my car at the same time for over half an hour. This phone is a trooper!The Sync program was awesome! Synced with Outlook (Office 2003) really well! That was a relief when it came to transferring my calendar items, contacts, and to-do lists over. Made migration to the N96 a breeze!Unfourtunately, there are a few things that were not quite perfect. Nothing too bad, but a little annoyances. The USB connector is proprietary. The wall outlet charger has a very thin feeling chord. The screen and buttons are glossy, and collect finger prints. I have had it lock up a couple times. It is quite possible it was due to the phone being in my pocket, with the key pad unlocked, but it happened. I had to pull the battery out to restart it. Also, the software that came with it seems to have troubles on my Windows Vista 64-Bit computer. It runs slow at times. Not sure if it was crashing, or just scanning the phone really hard, but I killed the programs when that happened. It may have been my computer not agreeing with it too. Also, when the battery runs out, the phone makes a "peep" sound, and flashes a message really quick right before the phone shuts off. I would have liked a "battery running low" warning, so I could prepare for it to die.There is no QWERTY keyboard. However, the "Predictive Text" works really great for me, so it is not that bad. I write full e-mails on this phone (previously being a keyboard-only kind of guy). I kind of miss a touch-screen for browsing web pages, and a scroll wheel would have been nice, but it works just the same.One thing I find that might be helpful is to remember is that this phone is geared towards video functionality. Taking pictures & video, playing video, displaying on TV, and everything else.  The phone functions are all there. Voice recognition, and some detailed settings on handling calls too!If you want a cell phone that doubles as a GPS device, plays music, and videos on the go, you will want this phone. The Nokia N96 is great! 16 GB storage, 5 MP camera, and lots of fun!I did test this phone on T-Mobile service, and it worked great for me, so that is a bonus! I love the freedom of SIM card based phones!

If I could give this phone zero stars, I would. I just upgraded from my trusty N80 to an N96 and I cannot begin to tell you how bitterly disappointed I am with this phone.Two years on, Nokia have once again been able to take 10 steps forward and 25 steps back. Here are my findings so far...1) The speed. This phone is slow. Believe it or not, but it actually seems slower than the N80. I did not think this would be possible. Selecting my Contacts can take anywhere from 20-40 seconds to load. I'm sorry, but that is JUST unacceptable!2) Voice dialling. ABYSMAL! The N80 would work in almost any situation. The N96 demands complete background silence to even BEGIN to come close. Nokia - go back to the drawing board. This feature, which to me, a busy rep on the road (in the car) is VITAL AND IT DOES NOT WORK! When you hold down the right function button, it SOMETIMES registers it MOSTLY does not. When it does, it plays the little bleep, but then 3-4 seconds AFTER does the prompt come up on the screen telling you to speak. What kind of **bleep** is this? By the time the prompt comes up, you've already said the name, but the phone missed it! WHY NOT PLAY THE BEEPS WHEN THE PHONE IS READY TO LISTEN?!?!!? This is proof that this phone was tested by idiots or school-leavers without a clue. Or both.3) My TomTom software will not install. Well, it says it installs, but does not put an icon anywhere for me to find it. If I'm paying $1000+ for a phone that supposedly has GPS, I do NOT expect to have to pay MORE to be able to use it. Once again, Nokia, you are **bleeping** customers off.4) The headset. I want a NORMAL headset. One earpiece. Microphone close to my mouth so PEOPLE CAN HEAR ME. Not some trendy stereo thing with a microphone that is at my WAIST when I'm driving. USELESS NOKIA, USELESS!!5) DVB-H. Nokia make a big point in the marketing of this phone, but guess what? NOBODY USES IT! No-one transmits DVB-H and so a flip out cup holder would be more useful on this phone.6) Phone Switch. This is allegedly a function that allows you to transfer all you settings from your old phone to the new phone. Guess what? It doesn't work. Not at all. Nope. USELESS!7) The slide. My old N80 used to hang up the call when you closed the slide. Not so the N96. In fact, it just keeps the call going. Is this a feature you can set/adjust? I don't know. The manual doesn't say.8) Auto-rotate. This feature is as bad as it is annoying. Nokia have obviously gone with a cheap mercury gravity switch rather than use acceleration detectors, which this feature, when turned on, annoying rotates the screen if you accidently hold the phone the wrong way. Because the processor is so abysmally SLOW in this phone, it takes ages to rotate and re-orient the screen again after. Sometimes, it takes a VERY long time for it to realise you're actually holding the phone upright again. Back to the drawing board, Nokia.9) Navi-Wheel. It's in the MENU but not on the PHONE! Obviously a feature they DID test and realised it was so bad, they took it out. Well, almost.10) Speakers. Horrible and tinny. Even the N80 sounds louder and bolder with a lot more bass.11) Barely a day goes by when my phone doesn't crash, hang or reboot itself. Using a 3rd party Bluetooth headset can cause BIG problems. Nokia phones do NOT like non-Nokia bluetooth devices.12) A2DP Bluetooth stereo audio. It's listed as a feature, but I challenge ANYONE to get it to work properly. The music skips every 10 seconds like a badly scratched CD. Doesn't seem to matter what kind of device you use.I think it is utterly disgraceful that Nokia pushes this phone on to unsuspecting customers and expect them to do their testing for them. Right now, for two pins I'd send this piece of **bleep** right back and go with an Apple iPhone (which was offered to me in the first place by Optus), but foolishly, I kept my brand loyalty and stuck with Nokia."Get a firmware upgrade", I hear you say? I'd love to, but I can't! Because I bought my phone through Optus here in Australia, I cannot download a firmware update because Optus (according to Nokia's website) hasn't approved it. Upon calling Optus and going through numerous people in their Engineers Department, nobody knows anything about that! Nokia hasn't told them!Why can't they create firmware that is still upgradeable for all other intents and purposes (basic OS, built-in applications specific to the phone)? Why do THOSE (essential) features require the approval of the network operator before they can be installed? It's just ridiculous.That's like telling me that Microsoft Windows Update ought to be approved by my ISP in case it causes my modem/router to stop working. I'm afraid that argument is as wafer thin as my patience with Nokia.I've been a software developer at all levels for 25+ years, and led huge teams of developers. This is a classic example of getting kids fresh out of college working on a major project, with very VERY poor user acceptance testing or quality control.Hard-core, irrefutable evidence of that is that the menu of my N96 allows me to make changes to the setting of a Navi-Wheel, where no Navi-Wheel exists - it was pulled just before the phone went into production. I'm sorry, but that is totally inexcusable.This phone was simply not tested prior to being shipped to customers.The N96 represents the worse-case scenario in any poorly-managed development product. It's obvious there was great miscommunication between the hardware developers and the software developers (who no doubt developed the software on a virtualised N96/S60 platform), and those developers were most likely young, inexperienced programmers working on their first major project, who were no doubt pushed to the limit to reach an unreasonable deadline.I'm afraid this product bears all the hallmarks that very situation.POSTSCRIPT: I sent this list of problems to Nokia Customer Support via a form on their website - TWICE. On each occasion, I got an automated reply thanking me and that someone would get back to me in 48 hours. I never heard anything. I then posted this list on their public forums and got SUSPENDED from the site for 'upsetting other customers'.Is it any wonder Nokia experienced a 96% drop in profits last year when they treat customers like this?

I was extremely excited to open up the Nokia N96, because from its specs it looked to be one of the most powerful mobile phones on the market.  It certainly lived up to its expectations in some areas, and exceeds them in others, but fell short with some very common issues.For anyone looking for a camera/media device that also does phone calls, this might have been a serious contender.The media player works well for audio, the built-in FM tuner is great, and the internet radio feed was easy to use and loaded with content.  This phone does everything well, but not nearly well enough to justify its astronomical price tag.------------------Things Done Right:Browser - The browser on the phone rendered the pages I tried perfectly and it was very easy to navigate using the device.  Bookmarks and other features you'd want were all there.FM Radio - This worked like a charm!  It was very cool to have this in a mobile device.Light Weight - The phone weighs considerably less than my AT&T; Fuze and Tilt.Massive Storage - The phone's best feature is its internal 16 GB of storage.Looks - Trust me when I say the phone looks even better in person.---------------Half-Way There:Mapping - Rather than relying on a live internet feed for maps, it had very detailed maps of the US right on the phone.  This is great if you are in an area with patchy service and need directions.  But, it's no Google Maps.  I've been spoiled by having Google Maps on my Windows Mobile phones for some time now, and while the mapping application on this phone is good, it's not Google Maps.  Plus, many of the advanced features of this application require an extra fee such as turn-by-turn directions and traffic reports.WiFi - Connecting the phone to my home wireless network with WPA/PSK was a breeze.  HOWEVER, many of the features  on the phone such as the mapping tool, internet radio, and others required use of data plan, even if you were connected via WiFi.  And despite trying, I could never get it to connect to my computer for WiFi Sharing.Help - The phone has online help for nearly every menu, most of which was well-written and useful.  Some of the more rare settings had no help, however.Camera - While this phone won't replace your $200 digital camera, it's better than what I've seen on most mobile phones.  I especially liked the on-screen menus for making adjustments on the fly.  The flash on the back of the camera is great for close-up subjects.Voice Command - There is a utility which reads you your messages to you, which was pretty neat.  And, you can dial your contacts through voice command, plus launch applications.  Unfortunately, that's all.  Voice command apps on other devices allow you to dial numbers as they are spoken, play specific media, or dictate text messages.-----------------More Work Needed:No Keyboard - This device lacks both a keyboard and touch screen, limiting all input to the numeric pad and a plethora of other buttons.  If you are a heavy text/emailer, this is going to be a deal-breaker for you.IM Difficult - The phone includes an IM application, but it was intimidating to configure with settings that I had no clue about.  Other phones include apps which are preconfigured for Yahoo, AIM, and MSN, but that was not the case here.  The manual and help were useless here.Micro USB - Every portable device I own uses Mini USB for sync and charging, but the Nokia N96 introduces the even smaller Micro USB.  That means that I need to carry yet another cable.No USB Charge - To make it worse, you cannot charge via USB.  While the phone comes with an AC charger and a car charger, its proprietary and means yet ANOTHER cable to carry.WMV Playback - Despite being touted as a media player, the phone would not play any of the WMV files I copied to it.  These were non-DRM files that worked fine on other phones.AGPS - The manual claims that the phone supports Assisted GPS (to speed up your positioning) but it would not work.Other Annoyances - There were a few other things that bothered me about the phone.  For instance, the music playback stuttered while using the phone for text messaging or mapping, and there was no option to disable the power-saving features while on AC power.--------------In Conclusion:For the price that this phone sells for, and comparing it to other devices on the market at half the price, I find it very hard to justify recommending the phone to anyone.Its only real saving grace is the 16 GB of storage, although some of its competitors will support memory cards with 4-16 GB of capacity.If the price came down considerably, and they issued a software upgrade to fix several of the above issues, it would probably beat its competitors hands-down.  But until then, I recommend passing this phone up for any of its half-priced competitors.

I purchsed the Nokia N96 from Amazon.com. I own a Nokia N93 and a Nokia N95. The Nokia N96 is the absolute best Cell Phone I've ever owned. I travel overseas on a regular basis and this phone easily switches networks seamlessly. Just pop any sim card in and go ahead. You will not have any trouble. The 5MP camera is great (could use a zenon lens). Internet browsing is really simple and powerful. All in all this is one of the best phones on the market, and at the price you can get in for on Amazon it is such a bargin. I LOVE THIS PHONE!
