
Shipping:It came very fast and I had no problem. It came in a package and was nicely sealed.Something about the phone:Its a pre-paid phone, it works very fast. It's good for calling and texting. I would recommend this phone to anyone who loves texting. You can listen music on it, the sound is great and loud which I like. Comes with a pair of earphones, USB, and charger. The camera quality is amazing. The video quality is not that great, everytime you click on the little video icon , it becomes smaller. I like how the little circle turns cool rainbow colors when the phone turns on.What I dislike:Nothing. Except the phone case/shell. It's bright yellow/green and very noticable, specially if Im walking with it on a street and I dont really like it.(trying to find a black one). The buttons are kind of hard to push, I mean it's alright but there kind of hard.

I just bought this phone for my almost 17 year old son.  He does not use web service and from reading the other reviews I thought...OK, this phone will work for him.  He texts and talks on his phone--only.  When I received the phone, promptly--as promised, I opened the box and the phone didn't seem "NEW".  Maybe, more like "RETURNED".  I did not care.  I searched the box for all the items promised in the Amazon listing.  And much to my dismay--there was no 512 MB MicroSD Card.  The other items were all there...but, of course they were.  Why else wouldn't there be a charger & battery?  The SD card is the "extra" item that I didn't want to have to purchase.  Anyway, I thought...I'll just remove the SD card from my son's old phone and put it in this phone (big deal).  And that's what I did.  This phone though, has a lot of quirks.  It erases the "contacts" list almost everyday.  Some other shady things that I am sure T-Mobile (At&t) tries to do daily to destroy the phones working ability.  What I do like about the phone is that it is rugged and sturdy.  My son does like the style and the keyboard.  I do like that I was able to purchase this phone without adding another two years to my contract with T-Mobile.  I think the phone will last about 6-12 months before T-Mobile is able to stop supporting it completely.  I would not buy it again, misleading advertising on the 512 MB MicroSD Card.  I want what I pay for.  Plain and simple.

The phone turned on and worked but kept wanting to reboot.  When it rebooted we lost all contacts.  This happened several times so we called Tmobile.  Tmobile informed us that this phone will not work properly anymore on their current system.  Check first with your carrier!

I think this is a great phone. As mentioned, the Danger network is no longer available, therefore some of the features don't work. But for the low price and the quality of the phone, it's well worth it. The screen swivels open smoothly. Colors are vibrant. Instructional cd is a great help for some of the trickier features. And T-Mobile is always eager to help. I was able to copy my sim card address book over easily. So until I qualify for a new phone on my t-mobile plan, this phone will do just fine and be fun to use too.My only dissappointment I will mention is the memory card was not included in the packaging. I read that in someone elses review and emailed Amazon before my phone shipped and they confirmed that it would be present. But it wasn't. :( Its mentioned in the advertisement as being part of the package. So be aware of that. Although Amazon has kindly offered to compensate me, I would have just preferred the memory card to be included.Update- Amazon has given me a little bigger refund which allowed me to purchase the memory card seperately. Thank you Amazon!

After using a smart phone, this phone is almost impossible to get used to.  I had to go with a basic phone for now, and there isn't much phones out there without internet capablilities.  Don't like it.  Can't wait to start using my Samsung Vibant again.  Phone is so out dated! key board is nice, but hard to get contacts up on it to text to.  Phone book is very basic, can't see any type of memory for calls, unless made for that day.  Good luck with it, I had none, just use the phone for emergency use only now.

I have always wanted a Sidekick! I am very happy that I got this phone. The only problem is that it only works on T-Moblie. The great thing is that you can have a normal plan for this phone or go Prepaid! Anyways great phone,and fast shipping. What more could you ask for.I would recommend this deal to any of my friends.

I received my Sidekick new and it came sooner than expected, I was very pleased with that. It works great, looks cool, love how the screen swings out and the price was very reasonable! This phone is perfect to simply call and text which is what I was looking for. I don't like the fact that it doesn't alert you when you get a message or your contact names don't appear in the inbox but besides that the phone is great! =)

it's very cool when i push it opened, and absorb all people's sight on iti love this cute thing

this phone sucks its fine when you get it but after a couple months the phone wont turn on at all i would recomend you not getting this phone because it sucks

IS THIS PHONE TOUCH SCREEN? I REALLY NEED TO KNOW BECASE IF IT IS MY DOESNT WORK. SOMEONE PLEASE ANSWER THE QUESTION.

It is a gift to my daughter, she was very happy, BUT,,, when i bought the sim card the phone said that he only works with T-MOBILE, in this place there is not T-MOBILE, now I have to pay to unlock the phone.

This is a great phone but there are a few flaws.-No text message alert tone(unfixable)-caller id dose not work(unfixable)-No access to the internet because the sidekick network was shut downI ended up returning the phone make sure you can live with these flaws before you buy.

This is an abomination designed for preteens in the 80's. The sounds and user interface are the most annoying thing I've ever encountered in my entire life. After messing around with it for a little while, I took it out back and bashed it repeatedly with a baseball bat. I swear I could hear the tortured souls of the child laborers forced to piece it together thanking me.If you're looking shame your children with a really shitty phone, look no further. This is the perfect device.

I bought this phone about five months ago. It finally broke on me about a week ago, and let me tell you, it was one of the WORST phones I have ever had. Let's clear up some things about this phone that people say it will do. You can turn the phone off without it deleting everything, that is, if you use the power button. If you happen to take the battery out, it will delete everything you have that isn't on a memory card. This phone also loses service like no ones business, it's annoying and very frustrating. The flip action on this phone is annoying as hell, it opens up in your pocket, it opens up when you toss it on your bed, it opens up ALL the time. The screen takes a long time to go dim; for me, it's a little annoying.The stupid little, ball thing that scrolls through your phone will probably stop working, too. I don't know if my phone just had some sort of deficiency but the screen would, at random points, go blank. Don't know why it just did. The most annoying thing about this phone is texting. You don't know when you get a text, it makes no noise or vibration, the best you can do is go to the settings and have it remind you every two minutes that you have a text and it will vibrate or make a noise (however you set it up) the bad thing about it is, it will keep on vibrating until you check it. Pretty annoying if you're sitting in class and you can't check it. The list keeps on going, this is a bad phone, I only liked two things about this phone; A. The music player, and B. You can set up the phone to go silent at certain times of the day and to go back to a regular profile at another point of said day. Pretty handy, but not worth it. Don't buy this phone, save the $45 and just keep on looking.

GREAT CAMERA GREAT EVERYTHING THIS PHONE IS AWSOME ITS GOOD FOR TEXTING THE WEB IS JUST GREAT I WOULD RECOMEND THIS PHONE TO PEOPLE WHO LOVE PHONES LIKE PEOPLE WHO LIKE TO TEXT ALOT AND USE THE WEB THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THIS PHONE ITS GREAT

phone was good, like new, it only came with 2 battery bars, so i put it on charging, left it overnight, and the next morning, noting. so that's all i can say...

When I ordered this, I thought it was a smart phone, but T-Mobile no longer supports a data plan for this phone. But it's very nice for talking, texting with the quirty keyboard, and has a good camera, all at a good price.

The Data plan is not and cannot not be used with phone days. And those rumors on how they delete everything is false. The Newer 2008 sidekicks have updated software on them and they fixed the deleting problem. You can still text and all that.

I ordered this phone for my 11yr old son who loved this device a lot until the device went dead and would not charge. We only had the phone for 3 weeks still look new. Know I have to purchase another phone for my son.

I purchased this item as a temporary replacement bc i lost mine. I didnt read the reviews correctly. So i was surprised when I found out there is no way to get on the internet at all with any data plan but i was only going to use this phone till I ordered my insurance replacement. It worked fine for three days and wouldn't turn back on. I returned it and I am getting my refund. So far they have been very helpful and quick. I mailed the phone back Monday and Thursday I got an email saying they have issued the refund to my bank and its being processed with the shipping amount I paid to have it returned!! for this alone Im giving it two stars. Fast and Easy refund!

This is an O.K. cellphone, but I have some issues. The first thing is there is no Alarm clock in the phone. And this is the biggest issue... when the phone runs out of juice, all of your phone numbers will not be in your phone- they just dissapear. As a whole, I like the phone. I needed a cheap phone. It is easy to type messages, and you get good reception.

dont work write going to return it keeps resetting it self loosing all my contacts bad cellphone will return it soon

If you need a phone for calls and text and not much else this is a very good buy. The phone is indeed brand new and it came with all the advertised accessories including the sd memory card and extra shell. As stated by most all the other reviewers the phones data plan is no longer in use so NO INTERNET and all the other bells and whistles that smart phone junkies live for. Me im just a regular dude who likes to text and chat with friends. I really thought the lack of text alert would be a problem but its not, i set the phone to alert me every 2 minutes if i miss any messages and its worked out fine yeah  sometimes i have to wait a whole 120 seconds before i know someone text me BOO HOO BIG FRIGGIN DEAL. Other than calls and text the only other thing i really needed the phone to do was have an alarm clock and it does and it is LOUD, thing probably woke my neighbors. All in all if youre looking for a smart phone this aint for you but if you need a very stylish call and text and wake my butt up for work device at a very low price, shipped to you fast this is a great buy. Thanks amazon!

Quite a lovely phone, the only problem is, I only had it working for the original battery time it had. After that it refused to charge I even bought a different charger with no luck.

Warning: this 2008 version of the Sidekick is no longer compatible with current TMobile services as of March, 2012!!  Incoming calls and caller ID's worked, but texting (sound notifications and contact names) services did not work for us.  After a couple of hours in our local TMobile store, we were informed that the manufacturer of this phone acknowledged a problem with these exact areas with this version of their phone, and there is NO remedy for this problem.  I am attempting to return this phone to Amazon ASAP.

This phone was cheap in price but is a nice phone.  After getting this phone and activating it, the data plan would not work.  After extensive conversation with T-Mobile, I am informed that data plans for this phone are NOT AVAILABLE under either prepaid OR contract.  My advice is not to waste your money if you need the data plan.  I am now stuck with a phone I can't use for what it was advertised for.

Bad, terrible, stupid phone. It sucks big time. You can't put your own ringtones. You don't have internet. And since you need internet to do basically everything on this phone, not having it sucks. I HATE THIS PHONE SO MUCH. I wish I can throw it in someone's face. arrgh..

i love this phone ssooo much!! but i cant figure out how to set up a ringtone for text messages. when i get a txt it dont vibrate, ring nothing. can anyone plzz help me? thanks.  cookie_1997_2000@yahoo.com

I got this phone in November and I really liked it at first. Then a screen came up telling me the phone needed to be rebooted. It wasn't rebooting, so I took out the battery and put it back in and it deleted all my contacts, texts, and settings for my texts. This continuously happened and I am becoming extremely frustrated. My brother has the 2009 version and it works amazingly. My phone does not go off when someone texts me, while his does. A Welcome screen has promised to appear, yet it has not come up. I tried calling Customer Care, but they only told me to email the seller of the phone. We did and they tried to help, but nothing they said to do worked. Then they said they couldn't help us because it has been over 30 days. I don't recommend this phone to anyone.

Can someone please inform this non-tech-savy woman what the 512 MB MicroSD Card is for? I know my kid's SIM card will go into the phone, but is this another card that is necessary?

This phone is a very fun, very stylish little device. It came unlocked and I was able to use it with the native SIM cards while in Brazil. The phone is not able to access internet of any kind, and it has issues with receiving picture messages sometimes. However, it is a very fun device with lots of lights and sounds and other craziness. I personally love it despite it's lack of certain features (internet, sometime pic messages, etc.)

Bought this phone last year and I don't even want to think about it again. It was cheap and looked like a smartphone so I bought it.Pros:Raised QWERTY keyboard for fast texting/typingClear call quality with a D-PAD Speaker.Awkward but cool scroll ballAddicting games and hidden features (Snowboarding, Flashlight, Pop-Out Media Player etc.)Battery case removal sensorLoud for Calls & MusicCons: (So Many Lol.)Too fat for a phone.Screen swivels out while in pocket etc.No Calculator?Crap video quality (and can only support .3gp so alot of converting must take place)Cannot use Email, IM, App Center Internet BrowserWay too confusing to useNeed to set a whole different thing just for Notification SoundCannot download applications via PCTends to Slow DownContacts get deleted every time the phone is turned offConclusion: DO NOT BUY. You can only call and text. But you will not be notified with texts. 2 Stars for this. Now keep scrolling and find a better phone.

I love this phone a lot!!!! It is great for texting. I have only had 2 problems with it. One is that it doesn't vibrate or make any sound when I get a text message. I've tried everything imaginable to try to get it to work! The other problem was that when it dies, all of my contacts go away. It is really frustrating! Other than that though, this was and is an awesome phone!!! :)

Good Hardware: This is a solidly built phone with a nice display and very good keyboard. The flip-open mechanism is durable enough for daily use providing you don't get into the habit of popping it open like a switchblade. It is not a touch-screen, which ain't as bad as you might think. the user interface is done "well enough" to make this a non-problem.Bad Software: Ok, to be fair the software is actually well written and stable BUT it's locked-into T-Mobile AND T-Mobile no longer supports the phone ergo, there are some game stopping issues.1.) The phone periodically attempts to establish a data connection to the service T-Mobile no longer provides. That causes the battery to get pounded. I don't have a T-Mobile data plan so I'm not incurring charges for this persistent activity.2.) Should you have your SIM set to auto-lock and you do not have a data plan, the phone stalls waiting for your code and is unable to accept calls or text. This cycles about hourly requiring you to a.) unlock your SIM, or b.) keep checking up on the phone's status.3.) Many "features" of the phone will not allow configuration unless you have an active data connection. (it does not have wifi)Overall, theNew Sidekick 2008 GSM Quadband phone for T-Mobileis a good phone but unless someone fixes it like they have fixed theSidekick LX 2009 PV300 Unlocked Phone with 3G, GPS and QWERTY Keyboard - US Warranty - Carbon Grayyou will be stuck fooling around with the out-of-date software the phone uses.I'm going to keep messing with my 2008 Sidekick, but I will be using some other phone for my daily carry.

I ordered a sidekick 2008 phone and when I got it, I waas notified by T-mobile company that this phone doesn't have have the Internet database that it used to have anymore. Therefore whenever I send pictures with this phone, it doesn't send all the way with the pictures coming out blurry overcal  not satisfied with this product

I have wanted a sidekick for a couple years and finally found this one for under $50, and I didn't have to extend my contract. I opened the box, put the battery in, my sim card and SD card and it worked.Over the past couple days I have made a list of the pros and cons.Pro:It has a real cool screen with awesome color that swivels open and made everyone at work say Ooooo!Cons:* I think there are more buttons than you need, many are repetitious, but they look impressive. Most of the functions take several steps. I work with computers and accessories all day, I am not intimidated by something different. But this was not a well thought out design.* A tiny button on the top opens the camera. It's a very tiny black button, flat to the surface and the same color as the phone so its hard to find and difficult to push, I used my fingernail when I found it. You can take both photos and video. I somehow got the camera into video mode and it took a while to get it back to photo. The picture it took was good quality.* There are no one step calls as with other phones. There are several ways to make a call which I won't go through, but it is neither easy nor convenient. The swivel screen is in the way when making a phone call. The basic function of a cell phone should be making calls quick and easy. The Sidekick gets an "F" for that. And the same grade for reception. My last phone, a very basic and inexpensive phone, gets reception in places this one can't receive or make a call, like in my house.* I don't think this phone should be categorized under slider, I have a slider and closing it is a simple one hand move. This doesn't slide, it swivels.* With all the functions they have available, there is only one alarm.* I had TMobile turn on data so I could download features I need like another alarm, but The phone was never able to access the Internet so I cancelled that service.* It makes loud annoying sounds for whatever you do, opening the screen, keystrokes and just about everything. So I adjusted the settings to silent and turned the ring volume up, a multi step process through the menu. When I am at work I turn the volume down, then later when I turn the volume up, it resets all the sounds back on.* Texting is not easy to access, another multi step process. Getting texts is in a whole different location than writing a new text.* There are many buttons, and some just duplicate what others do. It looks impressive, but that's all.* The screen and buttons are not customizable so there is no way to set up one step shortcuts for features you use often.Everything that other phones do with a simple one or two steps, this phone requires attention to what you are doing and has multiple steps many starting from the menu. Doing almost anything with this phone is like carrying your PC around, and trying to get into programs without shortcuts on the desktop.This is not a phone you can hand to a friend and tell them, here, use my phone. You either have to dial for them, or hand them the users manual. Which in this case is a DVD.

Worked perfect with my basic talk & Text T mobile service. Sim card slid right in from my old phone. Very pleased with the quality of phone and money I saved purchasing it here.

This phone is Canadian with an internet system powered by Rogers WAP, not T-mobile. Cannot purchase games or check your account if you do not have internet on your plan. Very different from T-mobile. Should have stated that in the phone description. Not happy with this phone at all. Cannot change the time zone from Toronto to NY. This was sold to an U.S. resident, not a Canadian.

i just got this phone less than a week ago but it is the best phone i have ever had i love the feel and everything is awsome i will recomend it to anyone

Well i had such one i ve paid 59.99$ the qwerty keyboard is very comfortable and very simple to use screen size is also normal workng on gsm and the slide is sliding firmly it has very nice headphones that worked well and had a very good clear voice .  so what i really dislike it does not have any wifi and in my country i cant get the internet on Beeline Geocell and Magti Gsm. so the phone has 1.3 camera which makes normal photos .in my opinion its a very good deal becasuse except Wi-Fi i cant say anything bad about this phone

I've never had much luck with phones. My first one had a laggy and sometimes unresponsive touch screen, and my second one was alright, but it couldn't hold a charge for more than about 8 hours. But this one tops both of them for the worst one yet.Why this phone sucks:- The trackball will blink every 5 seconds, it will blink blue when you have a new message, and red when the battery is low. But best of all, it blinks green when nothing is happening, its almost as if its telling you every five seconds that everything is okay and I don't need to worry about anything.- Every few weeks the phone will completely reset itself. I've had it for a little over a month, and this has happened 5 times now. 3 of those times any and all messages and contacts you have will be completely erased. Yes, contacts too.- The phone will not alert you when you get a new text. You have to go into the menu and set an alarm so every 2 minutes you get a text, it will alert you. So you won't know you have a text until at least 2 minutes after you get it, and it will alert you every 2 minutes until you read the message, and that gets insanely annoying when I'm at work and school.- Finally, have fun memorizing all the numbers of the people in your contacts, because when you get a text or a call, it will show the number and not the name, which gets very annoying.This phone is garbage, its the cheapest one out there for a reason, and at almost $50 they are ripping you off by that much, if you only have $50 and you need a phone, then this is really your only option, other than that, stay far far away.

My phone's battery didn't work by that i mean it won't charge! I tried everything to get it to work but it wouldn't charge whatsoever. It sucks hairy balls.

I like this product sometime its freeze. After I dial the number and I think the person is not on line and the person is on the line. Do you have anything better that I don't have to pay more?

My daughter bought this phone 3 months ago because she wanted a phone with a keyboard. Everything started out just fine (even with the TMobile limitations that others have written about) but after 3 months it has started to short out and turn itself off. It looked like a great buy but not for only three months of service. I'd highly advise to not buy this phone.

This phone cannot store any information and very weak battery. the battery can be charge 5times a day but the phone will still go off. Is very good for camera only.

Web browsing is not available at all on this Sidekick but the texting and the calling work great . Going on vacation, I had to turn off my phone on the airplane. Turning it back on I found that all my contacts where gone. Not so good- away from home. If you just want a phone and texting this works great, but if you want more than that, buy something else.

This is a great looking phone.  It works great and was in prestine condition.  I bought it as a gift and almost want to keep it for myself. I can't wait for my son to begin using it.  I was very impressed with the quick turnaround.  I'm very satisfied!!!

I bought this cell like 3 weeks ago and is acting weird already, It erases my contacts all the time, sometimes won't let me send messages and the it won't let me make calls. I had to buy another cell. I hated the sidekick. Oh yeah and the internet does not work at all!!!

If you're looking for a great messaging phone, look no further.  This product came to me yesterday with all factory seals in tact, so when I opened the box I was extremely relieved.  I'm still trying to figure out how to get through all of the settings and options, but I'm sure with time I'll be a pro.  If you purchase this phone and don't know how to use it, don't be intimidated.  There is an entire community of people on the internet on many different forums with the purpose of helping people (like me) out if they don't know how to use the phone, or are just having a problem.  Aside from the phone, my purpose in writing this review was to rave about the entire shipping process.I purchased this phone from Amazon.com late Friday night and had no assumption of seeing any type of shipping or processing until at least Monday (I had selected the Super Saver Shipping (5-8 days)).  This assumption was based on all other online ordering aside from Amazon.com.  To my surprise, the ordering information went straight to the company and this got the ball rolling, fast.  The ETA for the package was in 5 business days, which was pretty good by my standards.  Using Ensenda, I was able to track my package over the weekend, including Sunday, and by Monday afternoon I had the new phone.  That wasn't even 3 days from the night I ordered the phone!!  I've never experienced free shipping that was so fast!!!  Amazing job Ensenda!!

so i got my package and when i did there was no phone only the accesories. i wanted a phone. why don't your page say thats all it comes with??

El sistema cuatribanda con que es equipado este tel&eacute;fono permite que se pueda utilizar en la mayor&iacute;a de las operadoras GSM de sur Am&eacute;rica.  El tel&eacute;fono trae el desbloqueo de f&aacute;brica y solamente tienen que dejarlo unas horas que identifique los sistemas GSM locales y luego pueden insertar su chip y listo!!

I read most of the reviews on Amazon before purchasing, so I knew what I was getting into. I received the phone in all original packaging, I immediatly took it all out and tried to get things figured out. Well, I'm not the most tech savy person, so after spending 20ish minutes on it, I headed to a local Tmobile store and they  walked me through everything.~Yes the phone does delete your numbers. But, all you have to do is make sure your #'s are saved to your sim card, and press 2 buttons to retrieve them. (happened to me once in a month+)~I was able to get the phone to make a notifying new text sound.The phone does take a little to get accustomed to, but it's worth it for the price and the look.

got it for a friend of mine whose been wanting a sidekick for awhile now, got this one from soonersoft electronics, got here fast and in great shape, couldnt really tell it was used much, made my friend really happy and satisfied

Speaking about the looks its great.... ill give it five stars for the price aswell. I bought it during black friday and its been working great eversince. The only drawback on it would be that there is no way to recieve any sort of notification when u get a text msg. Nada u got to be checking over and over just to make sure.Keeping in mind that I only use it for text and calls works like a charm.The alarm sure will wake u up!

Makes no sound when recieving text message unless u are always checking your phone u wont know if u got a text

Gave to my nephew as a present but children have to have the latest technology to fit in with their friends so he only used it until he could get a more modern one.  It had a couple of glitches as well.

The SideKick 2008 is a fun, featured phone but buggy. No matter what I do it will not ring for an incoming text! Just buzzes. It has 2x lost my favorites settings in the address book. It does not allow you to use your mp3 files for custom rings.The full keyboard and swing out screen are great! I only use for texting and calls. No WiFi capability.Being an unlocked phone, it keeps asking me for a network (data plan). You have to keep setting it to text/phone only mode. (yes, annoying)All in all worth it to me but if I were to choose again I would buy a different phone. Bought it for $50.

This phone had it place at one time and now its a dust collector. I never got to use it because it doesn't support Wi-Fi and T-Mobile doesn't offer data net to it anymore.

I ordered the sidekick 3 days ago and got it today . very fast shipping . the phone is nice it came brand new wrapped in plastic and sealed which was vry nice . the keyboard is great i a can txt much faster . but the call quality is a little fuzzy but well worth the money . i knew it had no internet service to begin with so i wasnt surprised . it allows the sidekick to work much faster without it . i had a my touch 4g before this phone i am so much happier with the sidekick becuz it doesnt constantly freeze cut off in the middle of a phone call so overall i am stress free with this phone vry happy with it . and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a basic call and txt phone . :)..

After May 31, 2011 T-Mobile will be deprecating data service to old sidekicks. You will not be able to browse the web, youtube etc. You can make calls, receive text- but that's it.no I didn't do it. I don't work for them. But i have 2 sidekicks and just got this notice.No more data service for older sidekicks anywhere everywhere no you're not special. sorry.

This phone was a defective phone, first you can't us any internet service on it, the mouth piece speaker is bad and the other person can hardly hear you when you talk and now it won't even switch on. This was a bad phone you sent me.selling bad products to people won't make you the richest on earth. of course you wont take it back, you know what you are selling and I corresponded with you with regards to the internet connection previously, getting money that way wont make you rich forever, that's a curse selling bad stuff and taking advantage of people

I definitely would recommend this phone to anyone looking for something nice to text and talk with. The phone looks and works great- shipping was fast, not to mention free thanks to Amazon. Oh, and the phone was brand new- no scratches, right in the factory package...Hope this helps

I got this for my daughter for Christmas and it brought tears to her eyes. She loves it. The shipping was right on time as expected.

Well i purchased this phone as a gift. I wanted to send it overseas and since they dont have such phone, its the best deal.Product quality is good. Good for people who text a lot.It was already unlocked.I dont know what else to say, since i did not use it more that few hours.The best part is its very low price, and you can change color of it by changing its back cover!

I had a Sidekick LX before but it was broken. After using a touch screen for about a year I felt the need to return to a Sidekick and it was the best choice I could have made. I love this Phone. I only needed something for talking and texting and this is absolutely perfect. It's a Shame that T-mobile doesn't carry the data plan for this phone anymore

Dont not buy for this price, you can get one ULOCKED for 40!!!!!! works great if you have att you just put your sim card in and it works

Good thing: no need for data plan when purchasing sidekick full price and this one being 40 bucks. the bad? no data plans means no telling you the name of the person texting you. just shows a number but it does show a name when you are replying so its no big deal. very easy phone to use. no utilities, which isn't a bad thing because i never used them anyhow. Best phone to have for simply texting and calling. Also has a pretty decent camera and media player. what else do you need?

I haven't seen a phone like this. If it gets switched off, then all your contact details are lost, which is so weird and T-Mobile doesn't support it any more.

The phone came used, battery does not work. Contacted the seller and got poor feedback. Waiting on a promised new battery for three weeks now.

This is a horrible phone i had it for 2 months and it kept wanting to reboot and finally the last time it wanted to reboot it did not and than it did not turn on ever again. This isn't a good phone at all.New Sidekick 2008 GSM Quadband phone for T-Mobile

Great phone for a great price...bought it for my 12 year old who texts and calls but doesn't need a data package...2008 but brand new out of the box.  Great purchase!

This phone is good when you want to text and call since you cant browse the web and all that anymore great seller shipping was fast cant ask for another phone but the phone its great cheap cheap cheap i got it for $44.95 + free shipping

The only thing I am happy about is that it can receive calls and send txts.  Data support from t-mobile is no longer available so the other features of this phone will never work.  When battery dies make sure you have your sim card in or you'll lose all your contacts.  Also when the phone dies or shuts off you have to reset the timezone and date. Most of the other reviews are right on with this product.  Wish I would have spent the extra cash and got a newer phone that would have support and be able to use all of the features.

The T-mobile sidekick phone seems to be a nice phone. I ordered it for my daughter. The only problem that I have is that it didn't come with a Sim Card that was to be included in the box (I went to the T-mobile store and I got one) , and this phone  can't get the internet. The company needs to let the consumer know more in detail about the product. I decided to just keep it because if I send it back I may not get anything at all. She has a laptop anyway. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!

I was so excited to get this phone. I can't have internet because of our plan, but it was no problem because they stopped putting internet on this one. Where should i begin...well, the service is crappy. The contacts I put on there never save. They get deleted if you take out the battery or even turn it off. I tried to save them to my sim card and that didn't work either. Sometimes I will try to send a text and it doesn't send. It's also annoying because sometimes the service will randomly stop working, and I won't be able to send or call for an hour or so. The video setting is soooo annoying because it doesn't have a zoom, and it doesn't have a flash. It also only records for 20 seconds! As for the camera, it has okay quality. There is a lot of memory for pictures. Right now I have 1027 pictures on there. This phone is okay. I dropped it in water once, and I thought that it might have caused some of the bad stuff I mentioned to happen, but when I spent 40 bucks on a new one, it did exactly the same things. I strongly dislike this phone.

Actually I really liked this phone, is not given much to understand in your manual and not very advanced for Latin America.But however the design is beautiful and that's why you buy it.

A little difficult to program initially, but has been very good otherwise.  Abruptly shuts down when battery is low without warning.  A great value for the price.

I been wanting a key board phone for a while but no data I have to bypass the internet GSM every time I turn it on but that's no problem very reliable and fast to txt.

Ever since T-Mobile dropped the data plan for this phone, it has become extremely limited in its potential uses. All you can use it for is texting (no vibrating or ringtones when you receive a message; you can have it alert you every 2 minutes if you have a message), calling, playing music, taking average pictures, and its organizer (for events, notes, and tasks). I'm sure you can go online and install apps, themes, games, and stuff like that onto a computer and then put it onto the phone via USB cable, but I have no clue if that will work.FINAL WORD: based on the limited features, this phone is for a person that only really texts and nothing else, and this phone is the epitome of why you should research before you buy a product. I will give it a 3 out of 5 since it is still a good phone besides how retarded it has become when it lost its data plan.

Well, first time I using a sidekick. It seem pretty good, but I just had it for a day so far, so my assessment may not be as good.. The 2 MP camera is excellent, just as I expected. I am disappointed that a 512MB MicroSD card was not included as was described in the advertisement.I like to know that I get everything I am told I will receive.  Another low side I saw from the 2008 sidekick, was that when I receive text messages, they name of the text (of persons i saved in contacts) do not show up. The blinking light when the phone is not working can be annoying sometimes. But after all, the phone cost up $50 USD, so I can't demand better :). Awesome price for such a stylish looking phone. I will recommend this phone to anyone, who have similar needs as me.

its not a bad phone.  If you just want the very basic..  if you want more this is not the phone for you.

I was searching for a replacement phone and i found the sidekick, i have always wanted one. The price was good and the item is good.Pros:I got overngight shipping so of course shipping was fastThe Phone came in its original box, new, and came with all extras in great shape.The phone is small and the keyboard is AMAZING!the screens picture is very good.the camera is goodphone has easy to use interfaceCons:Notification sounds dont work because you need a sidekick plan, and tmobile no-longer allows that plan.Names in messaging inbox dont work because of the plan.the internet doesnt work because of the planand video isnt that great.I am very happy with this phone and would promote it to anyone!hope this helped!

I got this for my wife, who wanted to do more texting.  It is difficult to hear.  In order to call anybody, you have to open up the internal keyboard.  We haven't figured out how to set up custom ringtones.  Overall, it works, but it's difficult to configure and operate.

I wasn't looking for all the bells and whistles.  I like this phone.  It's easy to text on it which, besides making calls, is all I need it for.  I have used it for several years now and am happy.

Great QWERTY phone with features that are very easy to manage for experienced cell phone users and long-time T-Mobile subscribers. Having a new sidekick and for the price that I paid it's very satisfying despite having a couple of unnoticeable disadvantages: screen not closing perfectly straight (unnoticeable) and a stiff scroll ball. For people who don't want to get gouged with a data plan and a overly expensive android phone but still want that "hipster" design in a cell phone and for those who love texting, this sidekick is for you!

ITS BIG, OLD AND I DONT KNOW HOW PEOPLE WANT TO BUY THEM..I JUST BOUGHT FOR SALE TO A CRAZY FRIEND..DOESNT WORK WITH ANDROID!!

This phone is great and i received it new and in record time. However it is not supported by T-Mobile any more so you can use the apps or get online and every time you allow the phone to die or take the battery out you lose all contacts unless stored to your sims card which i hate. But on the plus side i am extremely cheap and refuse to pay hundreds for a cell phone and this one is a great price. If you don't mind not having internet access this is a wonderful phone. And for a while I didn't care but now i want to GPS and FB with my  phone so I must move on.

This phone would not work on T-Mobile so we had to return it.  I was very unhappy they sent us a second phone but it would not work either.  So I returned it also. They did give me credit back on the purchase.

El celular esta bonito y un precio comodo por el momento no he tenido ningun problema con el, yo si lo recomiendo

phone was in great condition and all the accessories and original packaging was in tack I was a little disappointed that they did not point out that this phone has no internet connection .:(

I ordered this phone on thursday and recieved it on friday.. Before I bought this phone I read tons of reviews of text or picture messages did not work because of T-mobile eliminating the sidekick service in May. Everything works!! But the web because of the obvious, all in all this is an awesome device, for a techy person like myself..

I loved the shape of the device. But I'm desapointed because the phone doesn't have language features, and more over it can not be unlocked in order to used by other networks than T-Mobile.

Amzaon sold me this phone for t mobile, but failed to tell me the phone is discontinued with t mobile. This phone is no longer used by t mobile.

Phone worked good for me, only issue i had with it was that the vibrate function only worked for a few days and t mobitle had cut out internet services to older sidekicks to promote sales of the new sidekick 4g.

There's nothing wrong with this phone. However, it's not very user friendly, or maybe it's just that I wasn't used to it. I like the keyboard, this made texting easier. A month after I had it I got a refurbished IPhone for the same price so I no longer use it.

I've had a lot of difficulty "getting to know" this phone. My biggest complaint is that there is NO NOTIFICATION when a text arrives UNTIL 2 minutes have passed---however, for the first couple of weeks I had it was set to 10 minutes and there was no way to change it! I called T-mobile and they werent sure why that was either, chalking it up to the fact that this phones operating system is retired....What? Anyway, now that I've got the hang of it and it got wet and I reset it, the 2 minute alert finally works, still no sound notification upon receiving a text. oh well. Phone slides open a lot in loose pockets/purses. Doesnt always 'hang up', and its blackberry-ish keyboard feels cramped. Still better than trying to text on my old flip phone, but not as fun as I hoped. I can see why it isnt more popular.One thing I was super pleased with was the prompt arrival and how much is packed with this phone: a mini-SD, charger, 2 shells (green and black), and battery. I feel like there was more but I cant remember now. Nice package for the price.

Product was ship on time and it was in a perfect condition as promise the price is ok as i try to match it with others

Wanted something similar to my old sidekick phone since phone was broken so i ordered it.It had too many features which i don't really need but when i received the phone i wassurprised to see the good strong quality of the workmanship. The features were not what i wantedbut when we used it,it was very speedy, came out fast.Very satisfied.

This phone is huge and clunky. The screen flip design just seemed as though it would not be long before it would break.  You have to flip the screen to dial a number, which is very awkward.  I have never returned something before, but I guess there is a first time for everything.

This is not a smart phone, but I really like it.  Wanted something for calling and texting, and not much else.  I only use the swing-out keyboard from time to time, but it works very well.  Sometimes it swings out on its own, in my purse, which I don't like; but that doesn't happen too often.This phone has a camera, nice sound profile options (vibrate, specialty settings), and a micro-SD slot.  I am using a micro-SD to store photos taken with the camera because I had trouble figuring out how transfer photos off my phone into my computer.  The micro-SD works great and with an adapter the card can go into the printer to manually transfer photos off the phone.Battery life is good.  I was told my phone was refurbished -- so far I am very happy with the quality of the phone I received.  The only scratches are the ones I put on, somehow, after 3 months of use!  Shipping was free, which is a plus (especially when Amazon ships it themselves)

This is a great phone. At first I was skeptical because of the great price but arrived to me quickly and in great shape. This phone is exactly what I needed without breaking the bank.

Cell phone is not worth the cost, can't get the web or download tunes with this phone. Will never purchase this item ever again.

The phone arrived on time.  Works great.  My teenage daughter is happy.  What else can I say...also a great price.

got order fast for christmas, did not think it was going to make it on time but imy order did with out paying for 1 or 2 day deliv.

I'm having lots of problems with this phone. almost every time the battery runs out completely, all the contacts get wiped out,then I have to restore the contacts from the sim card. Sometimes it would freeze while charging thru the computer(usb)and it wouldn't charge, would have to remove the battery, and then charge it from the outlet. On the start up it would show there is no connection, then manually the phone would have to be configured to use. This phone is nothing but problems

I got this phone for my little sister.... she broke it the first week and overall it couldn't do a lot... so not my fav.

This phone Came with EVERYTHING that it said. I had put it on Super Saver and it cam 9 days later. For me it felt like a month! I got it and it was brand new! My box came in with alot of scraps on the outside. It came with the Shells but i broke my Black one bcause i didnt know how to pop it open and i popped it too hard :(It ID unlock for AT&T; you just go to the Settings and it will say T-Mobile or AT&T.; It only works for TEXTING and CALLING. When you get a call it works fine it rings and everything but when you get a Text it will Alert you in 2 Minutes or you can look at your phone and wait for the text to pop up. When you text it wont let you look in your Sent Box. People keep saying when you turn it off everything is going to shut down. That is True but False at the same time. Yes it will erase your COntacts but you can always Import them back in like 5 Sec. The ONLY thing it will erase are the Messages. Your Pictures and Music WILL be SAVED. And this is VERY important to do with your Sidekick , you have to do this EVERYDAY if you want your phone to last Forever make sure you PRESS 1 the "@" sign on the Bottom by the Space and "0" so its 1 @ 0 at the same time. this will restart your phone. Restart means its going to save it More on your sidekick . NOTHING will get deleted when you do that. it keeps it from lagging. I got this in 2012 because i love the Sidekicks . i have the Sidekick 4g too i use both everyday cause i love them both. One thing is i dont know how to but New Themes :/ if your a dude then theres going to be some themes you wont like :/

This phone is a pretty big disappointment. I know I shouldn't expect too much at the price, but first off it's pretty bulky and not very robust. More importantly there's no number pad other than the tiny one that you have to access by flipping the thing open, which is not particularly convenient if you, say, want to dial a phone number (call me old fashioned). The thing is definitely not easy to use. Extra non-bonuses: no wallpaper photos, only the tacky designs that come in the phone and the flip device likes to flip open in a pocket. I'll tell you one thing: none of the hip, happy young people pictured on the packaging actually own a sidekick - smartphone users, all.

I thought it was a pretty cool phone, until I found out that I couldn't surf the web, even with data service, due to the phone being so old, thus it's no longer supported by T-Mobile, or so I was told by a T-Mobile rep. You can make calls and text though, so if that's all you want/need then sure, it's alright. The game pre-installed on it is... uhh... no thanks. However, I did like the little light show on the home button, so pretty.

I thoroughly read all the reviews before purchasing the phone. I was a little iffy about it but I decided to go ahead and order it anyway and if I didn't like it I would send it back. I'd like to say that not all these reviews are accurate! The phone IS unlocked, my AT&T SIM card is in there and the phone is working. Another thing I wanted to add that is able to be changed. Some people were saying that the phone doesn't save your sent messages, if you go to the settings when your in the messages you can change it so it does. The deafult setting on the phone is to not save them. When you recieve a message it does not show the name of your contact but once you hit reply the name and number will come up in the to box so you can just remember what the message said and then see who it is a couple seconds later, for me it's not a big deal. Of course the data services don't work, the only phone company I know that can give you data services for this phone is Simple Mobile. The message notification sounds play 1/10 times. Every now and again it'll play right when I get a message but for the most part it doesn't work. I've noticed that while I have it set to alert me two minutes after a notification or message if you lock the screen and have the light indication for the track ball turned on it's just easier to glance at the light on the ball rather than wait for the alert. The menus can take a little bit of time to get through versus other phones but it's not anything drastic and if you text a lot i recommend just locking it on the message screen so when you open it your already right there. In my opinion this phone is a good phone for texting and calling, if your looking for a phone that can do it all and get on the internet then this isn't the phone for you. I think most of these bad reviews stem from the fact that people don't understand that this phone can't do what it used to be able to.

this phone is pretty good for the exception of when it shuts off. it looses all of my contacts and i am lucky that i have most of my contacts saved to my Sim card. the ringtones are cool as are the sound effects. also, it doesn't show all of your sent messages. so you better remember what you said last.

The sidekick is great in appearance, but it was not compatible with the T-Mobile web network as promised. I spend two days and about 4 hours each day on the phone with T-mobile trying to get it to work properly. I give up on the phone and purchase another phone 7 days later. It was a waste of time and money!

This phone is a great choice for anyone that doesn't want there phone to indicate you have gotten a text message. What I am saying is sidekick decided to be clever. If you have this phone and you don't have a data plan ,the indicating system  will not to work, but since t mobile no longer has a sidekick serve this phone can't get a data plan. Needless to say this was shipped back right when I found this information out. SO PLEASE AVOID THIS PHONE there are much better phones out there that are worth the little extra money.

Danger/Microsoft stopped providing Data (also known as web, internet, or server support). So you won't be able to get related services. I.E. Unable to store contacts on their servers, get MMS (picture messages), browse the web, or get e-mail. & there is no way around this since it's not Wi-Fi capable. It can still be used for text, calls, & a pretty phone book (this by storing contacts on the SIM). This also means you cannot "Log In" to the phone.I thought this information should be shared given the other reviewers' experiences. I have no idea why Amazon is advertising this as unlocked under another item listing. It was manufactured exclusively for T-Mobile & Danger didn't program it for being unlocked. Also basic functions like master resets won't work, some information is still on the phone. & The track ball is prone to issues.  However, software issues are just facts of life when it comes to microsoft technology.It was decent as a full keyboard phone back when this was the height of technology. However, there are better phones out there that do way more without being so thick & clunky.

i ordered this phone with super savers delivery and it came on time just like it said. Everything was in its boxs and ready to activated it came with all the stuff it promised ited come with oh and by the way SIDEKICK 09 ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I brought this phone for my nine yr old and it worked fine I was impressed by the packaging and very happy...Then just yesterday when the battery went dead the whole phone went dead NOTHING!!!! I am a lil disappointed because she really liked this phone and the color was just perfect....SORRY!!!

ESTE TELEFONO ME HA DECEPCIONADO TOTALMENTE, EL VENDEDOR DEBERIA ESPECIFICAR QUE NO POSEE INTERNET, QUE ESTE EQUIPO SIDEKICK YA NO FUNCIONA NI CON T-MOBILE.

This cell phone was marginal in Denver and when we got to Florida, it has been totally unacceptable. there are so many problems, including the battery dies in about 4 hours with minimal usage; it goes silent on it's own; after about ten minutes of conversation it goes fuzzy and loses the connection; it forever asks to hook up the sidekick server which everyone know is no longer available. We need an emergency phone down here or I would have sent it back.  I will never buy a cell phone on line again as long as I live.

I bought this phone for my granddaughter for Christmas,after she received it we found out that T-Mobile no longer supports this model phone,its outdated and no connection to T-Mobile.I feel you should let buyers know the phone can't be connected to the carrier.

This phone was great when i got it but then when I started doing more things with my phone like putting more numbers in and texting more my phone rebooted it self for no apparent reason a couple of times and the only problem with this is when it reboots you loose all of your contacts and messages in your inbox. I researched it and there is no fix to that so I just save all of my contacts to my sim card so when it reboots I still have my contacts, Other than that this phone is great and I would reccomend it for anyone but all I do is text, call, download and listen to music. But it is still an awesome phone.

I bought this phone for my 12-year-old daughter; the observations and opinions expressed in this review are hers.WHAT SHE LIKES: Doesn't drop calls often compared with other T-Mobile phones; good sound quality, twist/flip screen is cool.WHAT SHE DOESN'T LIKE: Bulky; doesn't ring or vibrate until at least 2 minutes after a text message has arrived, menu controls and navigation are confusing, obsolete data network, editing the speed dial number list is undocumented and counterintuitive.The Sidekick is loaded with personalization features, but they're accessed in a complex, counterintuitive and poorly documented menu system. My daughter has had it for a couple months now, and still has trouble changing settings. The phone depends on T-Mobile's extinct Danger Network for obtaining the correct date and time, so it is necessary to manually change the time when traveling between time zones. The phone can work well for people who communicate mainly via text messaging (but note that the phone doesn't alert the user immediately when a message arrives) mostly call the same 8 (speed dial) numbers, but people who frequently have to dial new phone numbers will find the process cumbersome.This Sidekick model was an early smartphone, with many text, e-mail, web and network-based features. However, with the demise of T-Mobile's Danger network, most of these features no longer work on this phone. The only features that still work are the basic voice, text and e-mail services supported by T-Mobile's standard GSM network.Despite these drawbacks, it works well as an inexpensive phone for a pre-teenager.
