
The XpressMusic phone by Nokia is a great phone but after 2 months of using, problmes arise. Firstly the phones functions begings to slow down and this is without using the memory card at full capacity. To change applications takes about 30seconds or more and in some instances, it freezes!It has come to the point now where I have to remove my phone battery when it freezes.I would not recommend anyone to get this phone.

I had owned various phones in the past and Nokia is the best on any comparison, for the Features available on this phone, had Apple had all these features it will cost 10 times more, most people don't even know it has extra camera on the front for video Calls along  with the 3.2 MP on the back, Video is far better and there were no sluggish performance as far as I had used for more than a month, unlike iPhone this phone can run multiple applications at same time which is like multitasking in PC, so I can play music and browse websites at same time and switch to GPS , attend a call and type an SMS.. And it goes on...all at same time, iPhone cannot do more than one at a time, we get millions of free software, games, themes etc., unlike Apple App store, no need to pay more and more. Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.If you like Garmin for GPS, Garmin GPS software available for this phone and installing that will make it the best GPS (it comes with Nokia's map software too) and no data plan or internet required for GPS as maps are copied to memory. It comes with lot of add on and Its not too big like iPhone and not too small, exactly made for using with single hand and I had replaced the blackberry phone used for Office with this and configured my Office outlook exchange server along with Gmail, hotmail and yahoo, how cool is that.It handles website just as a PC and there is no difference with any websites, I can login to bank accounts and do anything like PC, it has stereo speakers but the Nokia Headsets are far Superior in sound quality and build and it comes with built in Mic and buttons for music track change so we can play music and attend calls without touching phone.And FM is there to use while driving and at the Gym, Google has lot of software available for this phone like latitude, docs etc. If you want free chat software Fring ([...]) is available for free, it connects yahoo, hotmail, AOL, Gtalk and Skype users all in one place and we can even make voice calls to online users. It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically. We can import and export all contacts from outlook, Lotus notes etc.And there is software to use the screen as a touch screen mouse for the PC like a wireless Bluetooth mouse and that's free too.For brand conscious users like me, I want to buy a phone from a telecom company like Nokia than a computer (apple) or TV (Samsung) company, who were just trying phones as one of their business.iPhone doesn't have many of these features and only selling because of marketing, if nokia did their part, this should beat any phone for sure, I don't want to lock with AT&T; for lifetime with iPhone and pay $ monthly and pay for any applications and did I say its unlocked? What else you can expect from a phone?

I have used lots of different phones, from the basic Razr flip phone through several different Windows Mobile & Blackberry smart phones, and even the greatly over-hyped iPhone, and this is by far my favorite phone!Symbian has a lot better performance and stability than Windows Mobile. The Nokia 5800 is more fun than a Blackberry. And the iPhone? Well, it's really just a "feature" phone (aka dumb phone) posing as a smart phone. The iPhone is great for what it can do, but terrible for what it can't do.The Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is a truly useful and functional communication and entertainment device. It is the best convergence device I have used to date. It excels as a phone with great call quality and RF reception (I get 3G signals where other phones barely get 2G, or even no signal at all)! As a media device it features second to none audio quality (with good encoding and headphones it sounds incredible), and a truly amazing screen for photo viewing and video playback. And as a web/communication device it has one of the best mobile browsers available (full HTML with support for Java and Flash) with applications available for popular IM and social networking sites (ICQ, AIM, MSN, Yahoo, Jabber, IRC, Googletalk, Skype, Facebook, Myspace, Twitter and more) and email with support for attachments (POP, IMAP, SMTP, MFE). And since it's all controlled by the Symbian multi-tasking OS, you can use just about any combination of applications and features you want (within the limits of the phone's memory)!Nokia has been supporting this phone well with several major (free) firmware updates since it was released late last year. Be sure to update to the latest firmware, because there have been significant improvements in performance and stability, as well as new features added.It's small and light weight with reasonably solid construction. While it is a little thicker than some other touch screen phones, it is also narrower and has a very nice fit and feel in hand while not being overly bulky in your pocket.It's about as loaded as you can get feature wise. Besides what I mentioned above, it's got tactile (Haptic) feedback. Accelerometer. GPS with A-GPS and navigation software (Nokia/Ovi Maps). Dual-band high speed HSDPA 3.5G (WCDMA 850/1900 MHz) and multi-band international calling support (GSM/EDGE 850/900/1800/1900 MHz). WiFi 802.11g network support. 3.2MP camera with auto-focus, dual-LED flash and video recording (plus a 2nd front camera for video calling). FM Radio! Media player (audio & video) with "Flight" mode for use during airline travel. Photo browser. Multiple input options (full screen QWERTY, mini QWERTY, T9 with predictive text, and handwriting recognition). Expandable memory (microSDHC 8GB included, can accept larger cards as well). User changeable battery. Really loud and surprisingly good sounding speakers. 3.5mm Nokia AV connector (for standard stereo headphones and audio/video TV output). Bluetooth 2.0 with support for Stereo audio (A2DP & AVRCP). Speed dial. Voice dialing (SIND speaker independent dialing and voice commands). PC sync software.The 5800 XM runs on Symbian S60 v5, a true multi-tasking smart phone OS. But because Nokia markets this as an XpressMusic phone, you can use it with AT&T;'s cheap medianet data plans, or just use WiFi without any data plan at all if you prefer (I've got unlimited data for $10/month on the family plan).You simply cannot beat this phone's combination of features, performance and price!

Not so great phone after all,.. I owned almost every Nokia phones.Touch screen so wimpy,.. very hard to navigation around. Impossibly to scroll down the phone book and stopping by the correct name.Also phone dead now,..when power up. Screen said Return to provider for service, boot up fail.

I bought this item and item was bad and i exchanged it but that was too bad.So i think that stock was bad.

when i received the phone it seemed lovely but then we attempted to use the features. the gps did not work other than giving us a map of our current location after a long period of maneuvering with those maps we  finally got it out of latvia.  but the voice guidance never worked. nor any directions.  when the phone rings it cannot be unlocked on the screen that tells you it is locked but rather must use the switch on the side and then tap the answer icon on the screen.  most of the promised applications were not available in the usa or canada only europe and asia.  the interface with windows programs such as office are no longer useable as the contract between nokia and microsoft is over. the virtual keyboard does not open to enter automatically and the camera takes nice pictures but does not open easily and you must go through several steps between shots to save the picture and take another.  i thought that i was not able to figure out the proper use so brought it to a professional usability engineer who went over all the features and determined that the phone "sux" in her professional opinion.  am returning it.

I bought this phone from Dell a couple of years ago, and I regret that I did not return it. It looks great on paper, with all the included functionality. In practice, however, nothing works well. The response is sluggish particularly when you rotate the phone, the interface is not intuitive, the software is buggy and confusing, a recent software "upgrade" made the touch screen unresponsive, the bluetooth connectivity is unreliable, and the customer service is poor. The list goes on and on. With so many other choices out there, my next phone will surely not be a Nokia.

Owning Nokia 5800 for almost 5 months now, I am satisfied with what I paid for.I bought it for light usage of navigation, email, and a phone. and it worked as expected, or better exceeding expectation.Navigation- good WORLD maps FREE, turn-by-turn, voice instruction. The GPS locationing might take sometime, if no-data plan available, since no AGPS. using build-in GPS to get a lock on location takes about 2-3 mins with good view to the sky. With AGPS, it is instant.Email. It works great with build-in Nokia Messaging. IT's not a PUSH email. You can set the interval of checking. When I am at predefined WIFI coverage, it uses wifi; uses data-plan when I am out of WIFI.Phone just works good, no complaint.EXTRAS out of my expectation.Ovi contact, let you chat to people with google talk client, using wifi or dataplan.Google Maps, no need to say more.Skype, free call over wifi to other skypers.Plan suggestion:For people who hardly uses their voice minutes and needing small data access to check email, Google map where the goodies are, chat with google talk friendI would assume most people who buy this phone doesn't want to pay the combination of data+voice, about 60-70usd/month . I am one of those people. I uses Att prepaid and uses prepaid data when need to, like going to a trip or away email access for days. The data plan offered by ATT which gives you 100MB in 30days costing 20 USD is perfect. On top of all that, you can use the unused prepaid voice credit in your att prepaid account to go toward this data plan. EX. if you pay $25 for 3 month to keep the prepaid account active, but never talk on the phone, that 25 dollars can be used toward the dataplan. Great deal!

No reason to say about its features, it is more than known and published everywhere on internet, it is simply great! I specially like its pop-up multimedia player menu.A bit of deception because finding applications to it is not as easy as for Android (this runs Symbian), but these do not make me think it is a bad choice. And, of course, no other brand makes as good antenna as Nokia does, Nokia rules signal.

This phone so far so good I had been used lot of cellphones from brand to brand until a got this 5800.I get this phone over a long research and since i start this unit is so amazing the camera is good and the viodeo as well so easy to use kind of trick at first but when you get use to it is so easy to handle.Even I can ear my music tru my regular blutooth y when you get a call the music stops like 2 sec before and then ringI strong recomend this phone.

two weeks ago i had this phone. everything works perfectly except for the batterie, it dies so quick. I really don't know about the gps and donwload videos yet. there was the phone case and tv out cable missing in the box. So many free games and applications to download from ovi store and too many applications slow the phone. I hope this review help!!!!!!

This is my 1st touch screen phone. I've been using it for 6 months now. It's a decent phone for its price.Pro:- Good music quality.- Easy to use interface. However, not as fun or fancy as iPhones.- Ringtone is loud enough.- There is a secondary camera.- Video recording quality is good.- Nice big screen (the glare issue could be corrected by buying a stick on anti-glare protection film)- GPS- Wireless connection- FM radio- Easy to transfer data to and from PC- Call quality is good- Expandable memoryCons:- Bad camera for its 3.5MP and Carl Zeiss lens, the image tend to come out pixelated with strong blue hues.- US version only come with 4 languages and supports no Asian languages. No place to purchase language pack or software update yet. This is a big turn down for multi-lingual people like me which had a tough time trying to figure out text messages in Chinese while traveling in China.- Home screen customization is rather limited. The 5530 showed some improvement on this, so I hope the future firmware update could do the same.- It's not a pretty looking phone

Great phone, unless it fails..... Nokia and their service agent apparently believe either your phone service is not important or you have multiple backup phones to use while shipping your phone in for repair numerous times...  Sent it back for the third time and they have had it for over a week....

It is a nic phone but sometimes the os can get freez!! and slow, but it has many nice funtions

I bought this product and I really having more than I though. Nice camera, nice sound, good touch screen. The only issue I found is battery, if you surf internet, use bluetooth and gps all day your battery will die before before the day ends, but not big deal because all smart phones with same characteristics has same issue. If you live in US you won't have any issues with map navigation, but this is available in only 75 countries. If you live in a country outside this countries you better install Garmin software.

Three months after I bought this telephone the screen went completely crazy, and this model is completely touch screen , so nothing worked. I had to send it to Nokia for repairement and they said that it had physical damage and they charged me 90 dollars to repair it. I am the only one who uses this phone and it had no physical damage. Bottom line is that the guarantee doesn't covers nothing.

First thing, BUY both a form fit silicon case and a screen protector if you go for this phone.  I have owned a 5800XM for about 1 year and these accessories have kept it as new, even after a few drops on the driveway. This phone is a great value, with plenty of features to include excellent reception, the ability to run multiple programs simultaneously, excellent multimedia performance (MP3, MP4, TV out, etc), excellent web browsing, wifi, etc.  I installed Fring for free, which allows me to conduct free 2 way video calls over Skype. I installed free Nokia Messaging, which allows me push mail to the phone AND manages up to 10 of your own different email addresses/mailboxes. As of this year, it has free Turn by Turn Nokia Navigation, which does not require a subscription nor a data service, unless you need things like real time traffic updates.  I would go for the Navigation edition at current low prices (~$250), since it includes the OEM mount for the windshield and car power plug. It is an S60 user interface, which is not nearly as fluid as iPhone but with latest firmware gives you nice stuff like kinetic scrolling. It does not have a graphics chip accelerator, though games are still pretty decent on this phone. The 5800 uses a resistive touch screen, which has a flexible plastic surface (hence the screen protector recommendation), and although it is very accurate, tough and sensitive, it presents a different experience than a capacitive glass screen (e.g.: iPhone). Each screen technology has its pros and cons. All around solid device and excellent value.

Very good cell phone for the price.PROS: Touch function, Screen resolution, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Variety of applications available (including Skype), GPS for free, earbuds, phone speaker, signal strength.CONS: GPS aplications resident are confusing, Media manager is not friendly, battery life is terrible.

This is a great phone that has a multitude of functions and features. This is a good alternative to the iPhone. It is one of the best phones from Nokia.

The Nokia 5800 is both a great music phone and a great navigation phone.  I have had this phone for a few days now and was going to wait a week to write my review, but I have been so impressed, I just could not wait.Reviews are great, but I always wonder about the reviewer and if we are similar. Here are some of my details just to help inform you. I am 36 and fairly well versed in technology. I use my cell phone as a phone, with occasional photos.I wanted a new phone with: 1) navigation 2) apps for the weather etc, 3) a music player, and 4) wifi.  The Nokia 5800 meets all of these needs.The advantages to this phone are many. I bought this phone to use on my existing phone carrier without extending my contract. Secondly, the (GPS) navigation is free with this phone. My carrier charges 5 dollars a month, that's 60 bucks a year I am saving. I have been told that I can use a 15 dollar data plan with this phone and not a 30 dollar data plan required with all of the carrier's smart phone offerings. You can use your phone without a data plan, I use my wifi at home and work, but the data plan is nice.This is not an iphone clone or "killer". The set up is different and according to other reviewers sometimes confusing, I don't think so but again I am somewhat tech savvy. The phone has all the standard phone features expect, calendar, notes, messaging, plus a dictionary and a voice recorder.  I have large thumbs and I am able to use the on-screen qwerty key board with some patience. No physical keyboard on this unit.If you are looking for apps galore, Nokia (symbian) offers fewer than apple and almost every other OS, but it is growing. Some obvious apps are currently missing; Pandora for example. I suspect that with the Symbian OS being a smaller player in the North American that developers are slower to get those apps to market.Pros: cost, free GPS navigation, wifi and size / weightCons: the back cover feels thin and cheap, I worried about breaking it when opening it to put in the battery. The touch screen could be more responsive, but with a little practice I am getting better.ALL in all I would have to say this is a great phone! 5 out of 5 stars.

It is one of the best telephones that I have had.The tactil screen facilitates his managing. It is an equipment to enjoy.

When I saw the ad for the video quality being better than a DVD I thought it was just plain marketing bluff, but upon getting this phone and watching videos on it it takes my breath away. I always liked Nokia as a phone brand and they are the best in my eyes when it come to perfomance and durability. The phone is light-weight for the size and slim and sleek (much better than an iPhone). The touchscreen is very responsive and the vibration when touched is pretty neat also. The qwerty keyboard can be a problem for big fingers like myself so I just use the Alphanumeric Keypad (Options like this is awesome). Sound quality is great speakers a lil low for me but it must be me going deaf from the system in my car, but this phone is awesome. I love it and I guarantee you will love it.Nokia 5800 XpressMusic Unlocked Phone with U.S. 3G, 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, and 8 GB MicroSD Card--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)

Pros:- The set up was fairly easy and straight forward.  Insert an AT&T; sim card and it was able to figure out various network setup(internet/MMS/Message) automatically.- Touchscreen was responsive and pleasantly easy to use- Price/feature is good compared with other models- Battery life seems to be quite decentCons:- Even though I didn't install much additional applications(nightstand + Opera browser), it kept generating this error "memory card full...close some application" message even when I was simply composing an email message(Messaging).  The phone comes with 81MB memory and 8GB card and it should have tons of space left.  I googled around and looks like this might be a known problem with 5800.  You may have to turn it off and back on to get around the problem but this error happens once every few hours.  Not good.- In addition, unlike its competitors, it is unable to render CKJ language(lack of unicode support?).  Looks like the only way to get around this is to fake the product code, and use some freeware to flash it with some older version of firmware(which supports whatever language you desire).  This most likely will void the warranty so that's not good.I'll work with Nokia support to see if we can resolve the memory full message problem.Update: I called Nokia support and they basically told me to get a replacement since the "memory full" message indicated mine was a defective unit.  Got a replacement, but the new unit somehow freezes frequently for 15 or 20 seconds at a time.  One time it hangs completely and I have to remove the battery to restart it.  A few times the gravity sensor stopped working (doesn't alternate properly between portrait & landscape mode) also.  It is a very good phone but unfortunately too buggy.  :(

Buenas tardes quiciera copia de la factura de este producto, es muy bueno aunque despues de un tiempo tube problemas con la pantalla

I highly recommend not to buy this product. Tough screen very irritating, have to struggle to find a contact, poor signals, freezes frequently. Have to through it.

works great in the bay area with att signal. had the iphone before and it was mediocre with such slow internet over a 3G connection. This phone has an excellent antenna. I live in probably the worst areas for a cell phone to operate and this thing constantly gets 3 bars better than any phone before including the iphone. this phone also connects at mostly 3.5G (HSPDA) where not too many devices do which is like driving in the carpool lane - very fast download speeds. The mp3 player works great, sounds good. It is very easy to load music files into the phone either via usb transfer mode (fast) or by bluetooth. The internet is very functional and stable. Can open youtube videos, yelp, etc. Google maps can be downloaded and is better than the iphone version having more integration with the web browser and some other feature.Email is great, easy to setup with predefined profiles of gmail and other known sources.  This phone also has a dedicated GPS chip and a assisted GPS chip so if you want you can use the maps software included with the phone and get turn by turn direction, re-routing as well as POI's via telenav maps. It also has acompass via GPS but i havent used it yet. The battery is quite good, lasting over 2.5 days with average use before needing a charge. Theathering can be done via bluetooth and you can use this phone as a high speed modem for your laptop. just make sure you use wap instead of isp and you don't get all crazy, using the std data plan on att of $15 a month you get a pretty good deal. The camera takes decent shots during the day but is quite shotty at night or in low light. The LCD screen is not as vibrant as the iphone and the touch screen is good enough but i feel could of been better. Also the phone's screen is more easily scratched than the iphone since it's made of plastic and not harden glass. but all in all,i'd say for under $300 its a solid deal considering your data plan is halved each month.

This cel phone is very good with a very good price. It has 3G tec, batery life is also good, menu is friendly and easy to work. The signal reception is excellent. Touchscreen is good. Easy to update software version.

Everything was as described in the add and look exactly as the picture thank you

This is a very good phone from nokia. I am not used to touchscreens but getting more and more used to it now. The symbian OS is very stable and mature.Pros:The phone is STURDY (I disagree with all the comments which says the phone isnt well built. The phone is VERY well built. You can see some test results here: [...] )The GPS: The nokia web site is wrong, it has a dedicated GPS chipset and not just A-GPS. A-GPS is supported if its available- but its not required. With A-GPS on, the phone locks in to the satellites in about 5 seconds. My Garmin NuVi takes about 3 minutes.The processor speed: The applications seem to be really fast!Touchscreen: It has handwriting recognition, stylus and plectrum stylus and you can also use your fingers!Firmware: This issue was unclear to me before I bought the phone. Nokia now gives out v40 firmware for US customers as well. This firmware gives you kinetic scrolling (iphone like scrolling) and a lot of other fixes.Cons:Nokia is VERY INCOMPETENT with firmwares of USA variant phones. You will receive firmware upgrades about 3 months after the rest of the world.However, you have very little control over this. All 3 North America variant unlocked 5800s get the same treatment.The PRODUCT CODE for this variant is 0577454. As of now, the rest of the world is in v50 firmware but we are still in v40. Please google that product code and firmware to know more about this situation.Camera is grainy in the darkYou need to buy the PDF reader and QuickOffice.The dialpad has no alphabets?! (you will have a hard time with 1-800-CAL-WHAT)iPhone killer: (differences with the iphone)Better CameraBetter Music playersturdierBetter upgrading optionsLower costBetter browserMature OS (with Flash)Support for A2DP bluettoth (clear sound in bluetooth headphones)Better screen ResolutionMore touchscreen inputs (like stylus and handwriting)2 cameras and support for video calls.Handwriting Recognition

I bought this nokia phone for my son as a birthday gift last September for $299 through Amazon. He only started using the phone on Oct 16, 2009 and within 2 mths (mid December)it suddenly stopped working. The phone was left to charge overnight and by the next morning, there was no display.The phone was advertised as carrying a limited warranty and so I emailed Amazon's customer Service to get some recourse. The Amazon assistance was as follows:"I'm sorry to hear your Nokia 5800 XpressMusic Unlocked Phone with U.S. 3G, 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, and 8 GB MicroSD Card--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black) didn't work out. Because more than 30 days have passed since you received this item, we can no longer accept a return.""I'd recommend consulting your owner's manual and/or contacting the manufacturer to see if the problem in question is covered by the manufacturer's warranty."Amazon further advised that I could seek assistance by emailing [...], which I did on January 5, 2010. Two months later, I am stll awaiting a response.Bottom Line : This is a faulty product with a useless warranty - a waste of $299!!!

Can I use this's phone's GPS w/o through Internet nor pay any service charges through telecom service monthly? Pls help reply me . Tks!

The phone:The phone is ok. If my husband did not have iPhone, I would have said 5800 is very good. However, when comparing to the iPhone, its not as responsive and not so pleasant to deal with. It is not a great issue for me, because I rarely use internet on the phone. If I was, it would have been frustrating.Nokia:If there is a promotions coming with the phone, don't count on them. I had a $50 rebate which I could not get after more than 5 months talking with them almost every 2 weeks. Even though I filed in all the necessary doc's and filed everything in time, I was not able to get what was promised to me. Every single time they had a lame excuse like the wrong IMEI (had to send them the photo of the phone, even that didn't help). Very frustrating and a really bad service.The bottom line, the company is a phony. I thought Nokia was big and respectable, but turned out they aren't. Would never buy anything from them again. Would not recommend it to anybody either. Wonder if that's the company's policy to loose clients over a $50 rebate...

After having read a lot of positive reviews about Nokia 5800 I decided to take a plunge and buy it. My primary reasons for buying it were Wi-Fi and free navigation. Phone itself works fine, Wi-Fi connectivity is fast but I was never able to use the map application neither with or without GPS. Nokia customer service was useless, so the bottom line is I am not willing to deal with Nokia's software issues so I will be returning it.

This is a really good phone for all of those people looking for a cheaper option for a good touchscreen smartphone. I personally use this phone with AT&T; network, a Go phone account in fact, so you can imagine that having the Wifi is a great feature for me since I don't have an unlimited data plan. I use the phone a lot to make long distance calls through skype with the program Nimbuzz and I have to say that it's excellent. Streaming videos live through Qik is also very cool. It has a good variety of apps.As for cons, well I find it a bit unstable sometimes and I've had to reset it to factory settings twice cause certain features like the camera and music become unaccessible, and I don't even tinker with it much like some do by installing apps from other sites other than the store or installing custom firmware. This is my first touchscreen phone so I can't really judge too much the keypad but it has full qwerty and I've found it a bit of a challenge to get used to. Depending on how precise I am, sometimes I write pretty fast (Only a tad faster than T9 with predictive text) and sometimes I struggle a bit. I love the music player, and the camera and video recording capabilities are awesome. Also, the browser is more than decent, pretty speedy and you can also use Opera mobile 10 (not opera mini) which feels like a more full fledged browser than Opera mini and is also quite fast. Youtube works great, and so does google maps and GPS. Though I suggest you use Nokia maps, that way you can download the maps of your area and install them and avoid data usage, which is great for me. Brings and 8gb micro SD and I've considered getting a bigger one since the music and multimedia applications are so good :) Still haven't mastered video conversion so I can't opinion on that, but the videos it brought look awesome.Great phone all in all, despite it's small shortcomings.

First off I want to say this and that in the 2 days that I used this phone I thought it was fantastic.  The screen looked great, the touchscreen was responsive (for a resistive touch anyway), Gps worked good, Joikuspot, video playback looked great, i thought S60 worked well on the device and it had a reasonable price.  The only thing that kept me from loving this phone was the horrendous camera quality.  I ended up returning this phone and getting an N85 because of how bad the camera on this phone was.  The pictures were grainy even in bright natural light, and no matter what I did with the white balance or color settings i couldn't get rid of the purple hue over all of the pictures.  Howver, if you are someone who doesn't really care about a camera, then I guess I would recommend this phone, but If you value camera quality like I do, look somewhere else or you will be dissapointed.

Want to use something like skype on this? You can't. The OS on this has cut out the sip client, whereas previous symbian firmwares on previous nokia phone models have the ability to make voip calls. Nokia was even to lazy to get rid of the settings; you can still actually set it up to connect and register to whatever sip client you want, they only took out the client to actually make calls. It also won't let me use wifi for IM, it only wants to use 3G. You can probably find a 3rd party app to do this kind of stuff, but it is disappointing to see stuff that was in previous models cut out like that. This is phone that has been crippled. Also, the user interface is horrible.

Excelente product, and now with free nokia maps..!!! much Better..excelent signal, excelent applications and lot of things more.., I recomend this product

I thought this phone would a nice touchscreen phone based on other reviews but I am highly disappointed!The only things I'm pleased with:1. battery life- it seems that it can go on for 2-3 days without charging if you're not using the phone too much.2. call quality is decent3. typing is easy- can use fingernails unlike iphoneHowever, beware of:1. terrible interface- very un-user friendly. Haven't quite seen something like this. The features are there but it'll take you forever to figure out how to use it2. difficult to call ppl- very basic feature a phone should have! Again, because of terrible interface. Have to click so many buttons just to call one person or to look up someone's number3. slow and unstable- the phone is slow to respond sometimes (3 sec lag after EACH time you unlock your phone). Also the screen flip flops randomly- so you have to adjust the way you hold your phone to use it based on its (not yours) preferencesI'm not a super tech savvy person so I just really need a phone that's easy to use and have good features. Unfortunately this phone does not satisfy those requirements. I hardly ever return anything but this phone is going back.

Very easy to use, all the right functions. The first phone I received did't charge, but Amazon replaced extremely fast at no charge with a new phone that works great.Camera is excellent, battery life is awesome.Very satisfied with the phone.

I love, love this phone....couldn't afford the iphone so guess what the next bestest thing is?.......My nokia 5800 xpress music phone!

The Nokia 5800 XPressMusic is smart, with good quality and complete.Notable are the Carl Zeiss Camera, GPS Navigation capability andultra-fast EDGE Internet connection. No complaints about thiswonderful product, only (maybe) more MPixels in the Camera and alittle more precision in the touch-screen response.Is one of the cheapest middle-high-range touchscreen smartphones.And with the excellence of the Nokia brand...I will recommend it a 100%.

Great phone with wonderful features and was designed for those who want the combination of a music player and a phone in one along with the added features to enjoy them both to their fullest.

I've been looking for a new cellphone and have read loads of reviews before making the purchase.  I'm a hardcore open source software user and wanted an unlocked smartphone which would be affordable and highly functional.  This looked like the way to go for me.  I'm absolutely amazed by it, coming from using an older Blackberry.  I'm quite proficient with computers, but have fought and struggled with cellphones, as the operating systems in them just don't "compute," with me.  I'm an older person and perhaps just don't catch on as fast as younger people, but thought I would do better with a phone which was more "computer oriented."  I have to say...the Symbian operating system in the Nokia is great!  I had no trouble setting everything up, the phone makes sense when I use it and I couldn't recommend it highly enough!  This is the greatest cellphone I've ever had!  Wouldn't trade it for an iPhone or anything else, except the Nokia N900 which is out of my budget!

I have had a cell phone ever since 2002. I have had many different types of phones. Nokia has always been my favorite due to the OS, the style, the service, and overall everything. I have had many different brands of phones and many other Nokia phones as well and I have to say, after having this phone for a month, I can say without hesitation that this is thee absolute best phone I have ever had! You don't have to trust me on this. See for yourself the review at [...]

Compared to iPhone, this phone is really difficult to use. Web browser doesn't support Asian languages. There is no firmware update to fix this problem.

I used this phone for around 2 weeks and then decided to send it back.Good:It's a Nokia, so the calls were all clean and crisp.The form of the phone in my hand was exactly what I've been looking for.The screen is very bright and nice to look at.Bad:The OS looks like something you would have been using 3 years ago.  For the first try at a touch phone, it's pretty good but there are just too many other touch phones that have already got the OS right.The Ovi store is still not worth going to.  Only a few of the apps are even made for the 5800.  And most of those were just ported over from the original app to be used with the 5800.The camera should be better.  There is no excuse why a 3.2mp Nokia can't take a decent looking picture indoors.Overall I would say its a nice phone for the price but there are just too many phones out this summer to settle on this one.  However if you are buying a phone for your kids, this wouldn't be a bad choice.

Amazon made me a Happy customer, everything went as planned. Thx and looking forward to make business with you in the future.

Does just about everything a smart phone does without the expense of adding a data plan. My son loves it and I feel that it was worth my money.  He can listen to music, take pictures, or look up something on the Internet. Just not the smart phone price.

The amazon people believes they can do what they want. They raised 30% of the cell phone price in 2 days!!!!!!!!!!. I was going to buy this phone here but now i'll look elsewhere.

Even though this is first Nokia touch-screen experience, it's not bad at all... has almost everything you'd like to have in a smartphone, but they have changed slightly the interface so it's a little different from what you would expect from Nokia...The PRO's: Great resolution, camera and sound; integrated wi-fi; good memory capacityThe CON's: Poor capacity to arrange the menus as you wish; no easy use of the touch screen as Palm-like graffity. Not intuitive interface. Lacks integration with contacts and e-mail (have to work them separately).So... buy it or wait till next upgrade or model!  ;)

This is a Cheap made in China phone with a very ugly camera and video quality, it takes terrible pictures

At bottom page of downloading a map with free navigation [...], a charge for  transferring any amounts of data over-the-air should be collected by any phone network. Without a data plan, these providers automatically charge transferring data per kilobyte as a basic included feature. In addition, any Nokia applications should link directly to the main browser of service network on the phone as a default without any exchange. As a result, a charge should be counted on the phone bill when starting an up-to-date of a firmware or downloading a new application over-the-air.Final words, using Wi-Fi without any charge is only when I already controlled it with the following steps (while I do not need a data plan):1. select Connectivity,2. select Wi-Fi/WLAN (on second line because the default network is on the first line),3. select and connect an IP name (already knowing its WEP),4. select Starting Browser within the above IP to surf the web by hitting it after connected. The data transferring onto the phone at this time is not through the phone Network.(If going out of this path in order to select an internet global icon on menu, this action will turn OFF the already connected Wi-Fi instead of turning ON the default network with an automatic charge).5. ALWAYS make sure to select Disconect WI-Fi (on the same path). Indeed, on the Network browser is a must.One more thing, a GPS device unit is the best, and it is completely free for any things. It is also fast, easy, and more technology. A-GPS, one of applications on the phone causes spending more money because of transferring data over the air and through the phone Network.

The phone is quite good, but it could be better.Pros: Good screen resolution, good sound quality, nice headset. Large storage space that is easy to interface with the PC.Cons: Graphical user interface not as friendly as IPhone and not as responsive since not using GPU acceleration.GPS is unusable, I never succeeded to get it to work. Proprietary OS allows only signed applications to be installed.

Nokia 5800 XpressMusic Unlocked Phone with U.S. 3G,  GPS with Free Voice Navigation, Wi-Fi, and 8 GB MicroSD Card--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)This is a very good cell phone, it has all the great features one might be looking for, the screen is really large with high resolution. The built-in stereo speakers deliver crystal clear sound. The only thing I kinda dislike about it is the camera, because even though it has a 3.2MP camera with its flash and everything, pictures in dark places come out with bad quality most of the times. But besides that, I love the phone.

I was looking for a smart phone without a contract that doesnt cost an arm or a leg. This phone fits the bill perfectly. It has great features like WiFi, a full QWERTY key-board, excellent multi-media capabilities. The touch screen is not as sensitive as an iPod / iPhone when you use fingers, however with the provided stylus it is comparable. The built in browser is good and fast. There are some quirks though, esp with MS outlook synchronization and calendar usage, but this is not a great drawback from my perspective.

The phone to me is pretty good personally to me because I like the touch screen but I would like to see a better interface in upcoming versions of this phone. As everyone else complained about the camera it is not very good. My old phone which was a Nokia 5610 slider was 3.4 MP. The internet with wi-fi works very well also and the music is good quality and i like the 3.5mm slot for regular headphones no need for an adapter. Also like how u could make 3-D effects with ringtone and echo. The phone box was sealed but still did not come with the stand, video cable, and case but the wrist wrap,memory card,headphones, and adapter were included. I did not choose free shipping cause i heard it sucked but paid like $5 for shipping and it came like in 4 days.

So far so good. This is a very good phone has most of the features that you would find in a more expensive phone. The only issue i found is that a little thick but the price is very reasonablle.

TENGO ESTE CELULAR DESDE ENERO 2010 Y SE PORTADO EXCELENTE, TIENE TODO LO NECESARIO Y MAS, CAMARA, APLICACIONES, SE&Ntilde;AL,TODO MUY BIEN. LO RECOMIENDO.

for the price you get a lot of features that are competitive with some of the more popular phones.  clear signal good pictures during the day. pictures at night are a little fuzzy. gps eats up battery. 3.5 g downloads the from the internet really fast and wi-if is pretty good. with 16gb card can store a lot of photos, video and games. just wish ovi had more apps.

I got this phone because I wanted an unlocked phone with a touch screen and QWERTY keyboard. The free navigation and 8gb card were a plus. I haven't actually tried the navigation yet.It was really easy to put my SIM card in this phone, there's a slot right next to the memory card slot on the left side of the phone (instead of having it under the battery like in a lot of other phones). The memory card is a little difficult to get out.I watched some reviews on youtube before I bought this and I was a little worried about getting it because in the videos, there seemed to be a big lag between when they pushed a button and when something opened, or when they flipped the phone it would turn black for a couple seconds before flipping the screen. Also, they were having problems getting some of the buttons to work, especially the xpressmusic button above the screen. But, I haven't had any problems at all with any of the buttons and there is a slight lag when flipping the screen, but it's usually less than a second, so it's not really a problem at all. I'm not sure if the lag depends on how loaded your phone is with music and other files, though.I bought this phone used and the person who had it before me didn't delete any of their texts, contacts, pictures, or music from it. So I had to go through and delete everything when I first got it. I was hoping there would be a "delete all" button for text and contacts, but I couldn't find one.I like the xpressmusic button above the screen and the 4 favorite contacts on the main screen. It makes everything really convenient. There is also a (tiny) clock/alarm button on the top right corner of the screen, so you can set your alarm clock pretty quickly.The alarm clock doesn't work as good as the one on my last phone did. You can set the snooze for a certain number of minutes, but you can't choose how many times it will repeat. I usually get woken up by the first alarm, but either sleep through the rest of them, or it doesn't always repeat at the correct intervals or something. It automatically makes your alarm tone ascend, which is nice at first, but it keeps ascending for like 5-10 seconds and ends up being REALLY loud. I can't find any setting to change that or to adjust the volume of the alarm. Also, it vibrates every 2 or 3 seconds the entire time the alarm goes off. That wakes me up more than anything, because it's annoying. You might be able to change that setting in the ringer profile (the phone's ringer also vibrates/pulses unless you change the setting).Texting is nice with this phone. The other phones I've had were just the normal number keypad, so this is definitely a step up. It's a lot easier to type if your nails are a little long. Also, I like that my inbox doesn't fill up and stop letting in new texts (hasn't yet anyway). The screen is black and text is white, so that's easier on your eyes if you're in a dark room too.I haven't tried any of the applications other than the camera. It takes pretty good pictures sometimes, depending on the lighting. It does have a flash, which is nice, but it's LED, so it doesn't really give you the best looking pictures. Daylight pictures look pretty good for a camera phone. I put some pictures I have taken with my other camera on the memory card and they look great on the screen and are really clear.You can chose any of the songs on your phone as ringtones, alarm tones, or even text tones. I did end up using one as a text tone too, because it basically didn't come with any good options for that. If you don't shorten it, it will play the whole song though.The music player is nice. The speakers are pretty good, the only problem is that it rattles if there's any bass at all in the song. Even just normal bass guitar or synth bass, not just bass boost. Everything else sounds nice and clear.I have a Mac, so the software that it came with for loading music on your phone wouldn't have worked for me, but I just made a folder on the memory card and dragged songs into it. They won't show up in the music player until you click "Options" and "Refresh Library".Pros:xpressmusic buttonFavorite contactsPretty good pictures and video (sometimes)Really nice screen for viewing photos/videosQWERTY keyboardTouch screen feels/works greatMusic playerMusic tones8GB cardCons:No delete all button for texts and contactsAlarm clock settingsUPDATE: I did end up finding how to change the settings on the alarm clock to turn vibrate off. I can't find it now to write instructions though. Also, apparently the snooze (when set at 5 minute intervals) goes off for 25 minutes before it stops.One major con about this phone (really the only problem other than having to individualy delete items) is what, I believe some other people have said on here... At one point (so far, I guess it does this in intervals, though) it stopped sending texts that I was trying to send, they would immediately go to the outbox and not attempt to send. I could still receive texts. Then the whole phone froze, I couldn't even turn it off. Eventually, I took out the battery and turned it back on and my inbox was cleared. Then I looked around online and saw that there's a code that you have to use to reset your phone to get it working properly again (which erases your contacts too, so write them down). I don't remember what the code is, but I'm sure someone posted it. I still like this phone a lot and since I reset it, it's froze a couple times, but I turned it off and back on and it was fine.Also, since other people have said that they don't like the touch screen, just saying that I really like it. I've tried a couple of my brother's phones and his are harder to control with scrolling, swiping, and accidently clicking things. The touch screen on this is a lot easier to handle and you can change the settings to adjust the intensity of the slight vibrate that it does when you push buttons.

I've had this over a year and it's physically held up well with the rubber case I have it in. The 8gb card is nice. The GPS navigation works ok. Music on it is ok. Camera is what I'd expect from a cellphone. That's about all that's good to say about it.The main problem is with the glitchy annoying OS. It's not very user friendly. The touch screen sometimes works well, sometimes doesn't. It occasionally can't read the contacts in my sim. Auto orientation doesn't always work. Lock/unlock slider doesn't always properly unlock it. It may sometimes make the screen brighter as if it were unlocked but the lock icon appears in the corner. I then have to slide the unlock switch again but this time the screen dims but it unlocks. If it loses cell connection it takes forever to pick it back up. It's recently started lagging a lot when I try to respond to text messages. I updated it with the current OS but it didn't fix any of the problems I've had with it.

Obviously this phone has a lot of features for one in its price range.  And overall I'm happy with the purchase.  [Update 2011: I wish this piece of crap would die already]  The reception is good, the battery life is good, and it seems to be very solidly built.  [Update 2011: still true]  Synchronization with Outlook is easy once it is debugged.But it is a very difficult phone to operate in many ways.  The single-click to open an application and double-click to select at item is counter-intuitive to any user of any computer, and will never feel right.  It is very difficult to figure out how to change settings, and the manual is no help.  Actually, the manual is no help for anything-- it has almost nothing on troubleshooting (nor does the Nokia website) and seems to have a lot of factual inaccuracies, such as which commands are on which menu.  You would think that you could find commands intuitively, like with a real operating system--  but no.  Even the few applications that work well on this phone (music player, calendar, voice recorder) become enormous pains to use at times.  Just adding a "back" button would be enormously helpful. Never going to happen with Symbian.Also, there are a fair number of bugs.  I like to use the QWERTY keyboard, but it randomly reverts to T9.  Wifi connections disconnect for no apparent reason (no error message, and the phone never passed out of range).  Unlocking it may take eight or ten yanks on the little slider.  When you do unlock it, it often asks you to set an alarm rather than going to the home screen.  Bizarre.It has great trouble syncing with computers.  The Ovi software is a known scandal (search any Nokia forum), and simply doesn't work.  The Nokia PC Suite works most of the time, but every time they update it you face an hour or two of debugging. [Update 2011:  Fortunately, Nokia has stopped supporting this phone, so no more software or firmware disasters.  It says a lot about a company that life gets better when they stop supporting the product.]The GPS is a sad joke--  it gives my current location as a place I stayed a week ago, which is 200 miles away. In other words, it hasn't picked up a GPS signal between Boston and New York. maybe it only takes a GPS signals when you turn on the GPS. Who knows? The manual doesn't care to inform you of this. But, oddly, I did not turn on the GPS when I was in Boston, so *if* it only receives a signal when the GPS is turned on (and, again, there is no way to know whether this is the case), the GPS turned itself on when I was in Boston. Really, who can deal with an erratic piece of software like this? It's like having a phone that is a substance abuser.And there really aren't many apps for Symbian 5th Edition, and at the Ovi store (the Nokia house store)the cupboard is all but bare.  The one at that I thought was simple enough that even Symbian could run it was one that turned the camera flash into a flashlight. That worked for about a week before it started crashing the phone every time I used it.  Don't expect anything when it comes to add-on applications.

Comes with Handset, 8 GB MicroSD card, battery, charger, music headset, connectivity cable, stylus, user guide, quick start guideOne of the most difficult tasks today is to find an affordable cell phone that has the most technological function. In the past, I had the Sony Ericsson w600i which plays music really well, but I could not pick up reception of anywhere. How can regular I affordable a cell phone that can play music and videos, take pictures and videos, connect to Wi-Fi, GPS, and bluetooth all in one for cheap? Well, the Nokia 5800 is a start to having all these applications in one phone at an inexpensive cost.Display ScreenThe screen is a 3.2 high-resolution touch screen that support up to 16 million colors. This makes viewing pictures and videos with clarity and vivid color. It has a built with an Accelerometer sensor that can automatically rotate the picture or video based orientation of the phone. On the homescreen, any contacts or application can be displayed and contacted through a single touch. The upper left corner is a shortcut that allows users to directly access music, pictures, GPS, videos, or the Internet. The touch-screen is very responsive therefore making everything easily assessable. However, if you are someone with a bigger thumb, you can use the pointer provided on the right-hand side of the phone. All the starting applications, including 3 free games, are all free. Multiple applications can be used at the same time, such as talking on the phone while browsing the Internet. I like to how it can make joined calls without any extra cost.MusicThe music played is quality music because it has a built-in-stereo speaker that is 3.5mm audio jack. Songs can be organized by artist, album, genres, or you can even built your own playlist. No MP3 conversion is required. Just connect the phone with a provided USB and drag the songs into the music folder. It has a build-in-recorder with 16.9 aspect ratio and 30 frames-per-second playback. This is ideal for students who want to record lectures and playback at a later time. I record my almost all of my lectures. Then I would the Nokia's bluetooth to send it to my computer. This makes reviewing my notes a breeze. It works best if you place your phone in-font of the class. If you are worry about your cell phone going off in the middle of the class, then you can turn the phone to offline mode, where incoming or outgoing call will not be allowed.InternetWhile waiting for friends at Starbuck or Barnes and Noble, the Nokia can easily pick up free wireless Internet from any hotspot. This makes time fly while waiting.MemoryThe phone has an internal memory of 81 MB. It also comes with a 8GB microSD card, which can be upgraded to 16GB.CameraThe camera's lenses are made by Carl Zeiss, a company known for its high quality camera lenses. The 3.15MP camera offers autofocus, dual-LED flash with red-eye reduction mode.While I was visiting my family in Vietnam, I forget to bring my camera wherever I went. The Nokia helped to preserved call my most precious memory with my family. When taking pictures in the daytime the picture are absolutely beautiful. The pictures were clear and the colors vivid even after uploading it onto your computers or after development. However, the pictures are pixellated if taken at night or in dark places.Videos can be recorded in four resolution modes, including 640 x 480 pixels (standard TV resolution) and 640 x 352 pixels (widescreen quality)--both at 30 frames per second (fps). But when making videos, make sure there are lots of light or  else it would appear really dark and pixellated.In addition, there is a secondary Camera on the front of the phone, which can be used for video calls or taking pictures. I used this often when taking I'm trying to take a picture of myself and another person.BatteryIn stand-by the battery can last up to 406 h. Talk time mode can last up to 8h 45min. Lastly, music can be played up to 35 h. I use the phone all the time. I'm always making phone call on it throughout the day. Whenever I'm not on the phone I listen to music, usually while walking, working out at the gym, or studying. I can use it for a whole day without recharging it. It takes only about thirty minutes for the Nokia to by fully recharged.For many international travelers, this unlock phone is great when traveling. There are no plans necessary when outside the United State. In many other countries, you can by a SIM card and add minutes to it. While I was in Vietnam, I just bought a SIM card for only 5 dollars and it had 100 minutes on it. I was able to call and send text messages within the country as well as internationally.Overall, this is an affordable phone with many convenient applications.

This cellphone is great the sounds is great. The micropohone is amazing. I never thought that even this small can give a sound like that. The touch screen is also nice or should I say tap screen and there are times that it takes a little while before it responds. Overall its great and would definitely recommend it.

I am really impressed with this phone. This is not an iphone so don't expect the features of an iphone. The Name Nokia itself gives you the assurance that the phone has to be a good quality and it is. The phone has great features like wifi, Very good camera (two cameras), touch screen, and many applications. There is Nokia OVI Maps built in which gives you access to maps anytime even if your phone is not connected to internet. You have to go online and download the maps for your state that you want. It does have one month of GPS included. The touch screen is not bad, but you sometimes have to use the tip of your finger as the area to touch are small. Once you get the phone you have to update the software or else you will be having weaker scrolling and weaker touch sensitivity. The update wasn't easy as the settings were all incorrect. I had to Google the right settings before i was able to update. The calendar is a good feature, but it looks like a weaker calendar compared to the previous versions of this phone. The screen lock feature is great as it is on the side of the phone. The phone is not really thin as it should be. It does not have keyboards so you would expect it to be thinner. The Sim card is very hard to remove as you have to remove the battery. The memory card is very difficult to remove as well. The music player is great. The thing that i hate about this phone is while you are talking on the phone to a customer service and they ask you to press 1 for yes or 2 for no, you don't have keypad to enter that. You have to go to options and open dialer to enter this. This makes it difficult while dialing any customer service numbers. Overall this a a very good phone with a lot of features and a trusted brand name. The weakness is the touch is not too intuitive.

I have a long history of Nokia devices.  Historically, they have been the most durable, have the best battery life, and have the greatest ease of use.  The 5800XM has been my favorite device so far, and I've only had it for 2 days!The touchscreen: Beautiful!  Bright, clear, and very responsive!  It seems to respond better to fingernail taps rather than fingertip taps, but that works better for me anyway.  Double-clicking takes a bit of getting used to but does reduce the amount of fat-fingering and hitting the wrong options.  A lot of the reviews I read online were spent groaning about responsiveness, but I haven't experienced much of that.The music player:  As wonderful as all the other Nokia music players.  Easy to navigate, easy to set up, easy to customize.  Not to mention that transferring the music is a breeze and the Nokia Music Manager seems to compress the files or something because I have loaded 6 hours of music and a full-length movie on and I still have 5GB left.The camera:  Another one the reviews were bashing on.  Gorgeous crystal-clear images come out of this camera every time.  If you set it on all the wrong exposure settings and fiddle with the sharpness/contrast you MIGHT get a bad picture out of this.  Extremely impressive for 3.2MP.I can upload pictures directly to Flickr/Ovi from the gallery- which takes less time than standard MMS.I have been thoroughly enjoying the WLAN on the phone as well.  I find it has been most effective to set the phone to ask me every time it connects whether I want the WLAN or the AT&T; internet.  Seems to work the best that way.I LOVELOVELOVE that the phone extracted all my network settings from my sim!  It's a small detail, but entering all those in can be time-consuming.The personalization!  Oh, the personalization.  One simply has to hit "options" in any menu and all the icons can be rearranged.  Different themes are easy to download.  Applications are easy to download from Ovi Store.  Upcode helps with downloading content extremely quickly.I could go on forever about the phone!VERY IMPORTANT!!  If you can avoid it, don't order from Nokia directly!  I strongly suggest ordering from amazon.com.  The order from Nokia caused 3 weeks of waiting before they told us they had no idea when it would ship.  The order from Amazon took 24 hours to get to our doorstep.And the ZAGG Invisible Shield is DEFINITELY worth the 25-ish bucks and the hour or so of cursing and fear of destroying the shield to apply it to the phone.  I got the full-body model because I tend to be a klutz.

I truly loved this phone for roughly the first 4 months or so.  After that time, I have had to either turn off+turn back on the phone or blindly touch the right section of the screen to access the web browser for the screen to start working properly again.  It also gets stuck frequently, some times for a few seconds - some times I need to take out the battery and power up the phone all over again.The features listed here and on Nokia's website speak for themselves.  The sound quality was better than 5 mp3 players ranging from $90-$400 (iPod Touch 3G, Samsung P3 & Q2, few others..) that I tested it against and this was a main selling point for me.  It was basically a Samsung P3 with better sound and video while being a phone at the same time - all for the same price - with free movies, gift card, and accessories thrown in.Main point for my review is to let you know it's got some nice features for the money indeed, but be prepared for the possibility that it might not last so long.  Hopefully you are lucky in this regard more so than I was.  Jacked up screen and all, I still use my 5800 daily as an mp3 player - and of course as a cell-phone.  When I'm in the car it's always connected for music and hands-free calls through the aux-port and it has taken some memorable videos for me when needed.Good luck and happy holidays

First of all, Amazon is one of the best website I ever seen.About Nokia 5800, I love this cellphone.

ok i just got this phone a few days ago so im not sure exactly how accurate this review maybe because i dont know how this phone will last. I would have to say that i really do like this phone. I was really impressed with amazon shipping, it came right on time!! Whats great about this phone is the touch screen is really user friendly. I love the thing where it has the icons of your favorite contacts on the home screen (it accomodates for way more than 4 i think i have 7 at the moment. I like the fact that it has a gps but you cant really use it unless you have 3g or your at home or something. I like the fact that it has the button for the xpress music it has great shortcuts. One thing i dont like about this phone is the fact that so far i have not found a way to but a security code on it (im paranoid about loosing my phone and have someone go through it). I dont like how you have to press the button like 3 time for it to actually start calling the contact. I dont like how it doesnt change very well from landscape to portrait, i end up having to do it landscape alot of the time when i want it portriat. Alot of features are kinda hard to access so you have to read to find out, you cant just pick up the phone and know. I still havent been able to find out how to send a song or picture through bluetooth, but im sure ill find out. Anyway, ill give an update later about how this all turns out but i really do think the phone is worth the money it may have some annoying aspects about it but you wont find a phone with all these features for that kind of price so if you want a nice phone and dont have a very large budget i would suggest this phone.

one year of fun.. n the screen cracked while in my pocket.. they ask 150 bucks to repair it.. for a phone worth 275 almost 15 months ago.. who would repair this brick now..? not much impressed with nokia any more..

Don't look anywhere else. It's got everything you want from a smartphone. Great purchase! I'm very, very satisfied.

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO. LLEGO EN BUEN ESTADO A VENEZUELA. CELULAR DE GRAN CALIDAD. RECOMIENDO AL VENDEDOR RESPONSABLE Y EFECTIVO. ESPERO PODER DISFRUTAR OTROS PRODUCTOS

This phone crashed all the time. A few times it took hours to recover. Each time it crashed you lost data and you had to reconfigure it. Being for AT&T, this phone is impossible to upgrade the windows OS. Much software you can't get for it.

I was sorry to see that what could have really given the iPhone a run for its money is actually trailing...Here is what I liked:1) Great sound! For a phone, the full body sound from its stereo speakers was amazing! Great for music, and as a speaker-phone.2) The size - fits very nicely in the hand. Body is plastic - but feels solid.3) Fastest GPS initialization I have ever seen in a portable 'period' let alone a phone-gps!4) Great video playback.5) Loved the handwriting recognition.Here are my dislikes:1) The Phone user interface is lacking. Especially if you use systems that require DTMF tones to operate. There were several occasions when even after getting the soft dialer on the screen, the digits did not send out the tones - on other occasions it did - I was not able to figure out what I was doing differently to get consistent behavior. The phone had to go back because of this.2) Applications just suck up power - if you use the phone for more than th e phone, you'll run short.3) Application hangups - podcasts downloaded caused the media player to get stuck. Had to cycle power to restore.4) Email application does not support HTML.5) No flash player6) WiFi selection is stupid... it does not automatically pick known wifi when in its proximity...7) Feels the phone could use more horsepower.I'm waiting for the N97...Cheers!

works practically  anywhere in the world.works great for any operator in my country (Colombia).Sometimes when you receive a call, the phone enters lock state .turn off the phone, and the phone works again.The design of this phone is sober and elegant, providing some services such as wi-fi, radio, camera, web browser, audio recorder and calls recorder are wonderful.the sound quality that has this phone is amazing.the touch screen is not as fast as an iPhone, but everything is compensated for all services that does not carry the iPhone, I'm really happy with my purchase and the truth I do not change my Nokia 5800 with iPhone neverThe flash of the camera is really strong,The design  is ergonomic and fits comfortably in your hand.talk about the storage capacity the nokia 5800 is actually far superior than the iphone, because the power to insert memory the 8 gb or 16gb gives you the advantage of bringing a lot of information in your hand ...... . Nokia is Nokia

I recently bought this device to upgrade from the Nokia N81 8gb, and so far I don't regret my decision.What I like about this 5800 Xpressmusic:1.- It has great reception2.- It is light (lighter than N81)3.- The big screen is nice, sensitive and requires zero calibration (not like the Palm TX I used to have some years ago)4.- The sound is even better than the one in the N815.- The Internet experience flows very well, you can even watch videos from youtube right from their website6.- GPS... mixed feelings tough, nice to have one, hard to master it, weak reception7.- The menus are very easy to get used to, very well organized, and you can still change their order or create folders to your own preference.8.- You have 4 different options for writing, from handwriting, to large full qwerty keyboard in the touch screen9.-The accelerometer works very well on directing the screen for vertical or horizontal display.10.- It comes with a micro SD 8gb (reads up to 16gb cards)11.- The PC Suite works great for sync with PC12.- Good to have a 3.2 megapixel camera (although I would only use it for emergencies, since the quality of small sensors is on the very low side)13.- Nice calendar, helps keep up with duties (although I would like some color code for different activities or meetings, something I liked from the Palm TX -although this is not the strength of this device, it is music, so well forget what I just said...)On the weaker side,1.- You cannot see the phone number of any of your contacts when you have dialed it. You have to enter in the full contact menu to see the phone number.(Still a defect also found in N81, you have to enter in the contacts to do that)2.- GPS has very low reception, so even a tinted window of the car can block the signal3.- Battery life does not seem to last as much as Nokia claims.4.- I miss the 4 way button from N81 (HTC has one for their touch screen models too) This is especially useful to scroll over long pages such as contact lists, moving among missing calls, or just navigating the internet, where if you touch the screen you can easily activate a link.5.- Plastic feels like the shell of an egg (but I guess that's the only way to get small but technologically complex devices)6.- Does not come with protective plastic for the screen (the N81 came with an excellent one from factory)7.- Terrible image organizer and editing. In N81, you could make albums, navigate over the photos and edit them in few steps, but now, the 5800 does not offer you the album option, you can make a folder and put the photos in, but if you want to rotate them you can quickly do it but won't save the image like that, you need to go the edit to change it, which involves 4 or 5 steps, and once you save it, it takes the image out of the folder you put it in!!8.- I am not into gaming, but the touchscreen games are like for kinder kids, forget about the great engage!So then, why is that I am giving this hot toy 3 1/2 stars?Because it is still dragging some few defects coming from the N81, and considering that I am reviewing a cell phone, beyond the nice extras, after all...The calling experience might not be so fluent...When you call someone, you cannot see their phone number if you need it quickly. I have to go back over the more than 600 contacts to find the phone number I just called... those of you who have a Nokia know how this can bother big time... (based on the same Symbian platform as N81)You can press the green call for starting a conversation or you can touch a button in the screen to do the same, so why to duplicate? Same for ending a phone call.The missing 4 way button (from N81) would have been great to navigate the nice extras of the phone without "aiming" well with the tip of your finger. But hey, N97 is coming, for a difference of price too.Overall, I recommend (barely) this cell phone, great reception (although this might depend on your service provider), fantastic sound, fluent Internet experience, excellent extras, outstanding screen and resolution, perfectly calibrated!UPDATE June 17, 2009.Cons... Regarding webmail....1.- If you are answering a message on the webmail (Yahoo, Hotmail, Gmail, etc) say you wrote a paragraph of 10 lines and you need to add something to the 4th line of the paragraph, you CANNOT place the cursor in between, you have to delete all previous 6 lines to get to the position where you can edit your response. Now, if you don't mind that it is fine, I tend to review what I write and often add or rewrite an idea.2.- Since you cannot place the cursor wherever you want to to write webmail, if you are answering an email and you want to include the original senders message (what is normal) your message will start at the end and not the beginning (as normal) In order to start at the beginning you would have to delete the sender's original message!Regarding crashing...3.- In several occasions it has crashed, meaning that you hung-up a call and freezes, the solution is take the battery off and put it back.4.- In several occasions when you are browsing the web and touch the middle of the screen it closes the browser and disconnects... anyone with that problem? I has happened to me 1 in every 10 times or so.I am starting to think that Nokia could read my review to consider these annoying issues on future updates! :))

IMPORTANT NOTE:  This phone is carrier-unlocked.  It means that the phone itself does not require you to go with any one specific carrier in order to use it:  you just buy it, swap your SIM card (if compatible), and start using.  HOWEVER: if you are not currently on an unlimited data plan with your carrier, you absolutely MUST call your wireless carrier and talk to them about the phone.  The Nokia XpressMusic 5800 has a lot of settings that default to using your wireless carrier to pull down data, and using these features (or in some cases just having them turned on) when your carrier bills you for data by the kilobit WILL lead to astronomically high phone bills.  I had a long conversation with AT&T; Service prior to purchasing this phone and their representative indicated to me that many people don't realize the hidden cost of their phone's features when not signed up for an unlimited data plan.  Before you buy, take 10 minutes to call your carrier.  It can save you a lot of headaches.The Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is an excellent phone for people who love media: it's got a browser for streaming, easy-to-use software for transfers of your own files, and it even has a built-in FM radio for listening to local stations (with the added bonus of being able to tag and label them). The screen is approximately the size of the screen on a Nintendo DS or the older Sony PSP, with the difference being that colors are brighter, resolution is sharper, and the backlight is superior. Power button, standard headphone adapter, charge plug and USB connector are all on the top, making it easy to access but conveniently out of the way. The touch screen is unlocked via a rocker key on the side, and volume can easily be adjusted up or down along the same edge.In addition to this, you can expect all the same features you find in most smartphones today: GIS-driven mapping systems, Internet connectivity via WiFi (if, like me, you're not on an unlimited data plan), a multitude of Bluetooth capabilities, integration with a PC or Mac via the USB Cable, and of course a digital camera that takes good (but not great) pictures and video. One nice extra here is that if you hold the phone like a camera, a button on top will quickly switch the phone to camera mode and also double as your auto-focus and picture-taking button.I like the feel of this phone, and I definitely like the clarity and strength of the calls. There are times when it appears that I have only one bar, but still can place clear and noise-free calls that don't disconnect. The software is regularly kept up to date, and once you get through the process of setting up an account at the Ovi Store, it is remarkably easy to download and install applications, many of which are free (but only some of which are useful).The one big drawback--and it is a serious one--is the interface. Features and Applications are in two separate sections, and sometimes the dividing line between which is which is not exactly clear. The auto-rotate that switches from Portrait to Landscape can go off at the slightest of bumps, and I have to shake the phone and wait for it to re-set. I bought the phone because I wanted a good, solid handwriting device, and this is where I have been most disappointed. Despite being a whiz at PDAs, despite training (and re-training) the phone to my handwriting, I get many botched translations. I have to force myself to scribe slowly because the delay time between reading my strokes and rendering a character is noticeably long. I have to patiently re-do most of my strokes over and over. To give credit where credit is due, Nokia gives you a slim stylus cleverly hidden along the side of the phone, and then they throw in a hip little gadget called a "plectrum": it's a triangular guitar-pick that makes a handy substitute for a fingernail--consider this for pointing and clicking and the stylus for handwriting.There is, however, one sin that seems unforgivable, and I'm surprised that a year and a half down the road, the updates still haven't addressed it:The phone dialer has no letters on it.Let me rewind that: if you call up the dialer in other areas of the phone (such as via contacts), you will see the letters imprinted on the dial pad. However, if you want to dial a number with letters in it (say, "1-800-FLOWERS"), you are out of luck: the dialer shown when dialing the phone does not display any letters. The fact that the letters are imprinted elsewhere in the system, but not where they are most important, is what makes the lack of this "fix" annoying.Also, while the software is easy to use, it is also incredibly slow and buggy in Windows Vista or Windows 7. The interface often turns black and I have to scrub my mouse over the window to re-draw my menus and panels.If you really like media and want a phone for music, pictures, and video, the 5800 XpressMusic is not bad. However, if you're looking for a pocket-sized computer that can do whiz-kid propeller-head tricks, the 5800XpressMusic will most likely disappoint, especially given its price. As much as I appreciate what Nokia was trying to do with this phone, it really wasn't significantly different from my Motorola RAZR.NOTE: I cannot confirm that this is true of all Nokia 5800 XpressMusic phones, but the "USA" Phone that was shipped to me contained a European power adapter. This huge chunk of plastic contains a converter to allow it to plug into US electrical outlets, but it also means that your charger is anything but pocket-sized. I sent mine in for a replacement, only to discover that the replacement also contained the same "Euro-plus-converter-widget" charger.

This is an excellent smartphone that my son is completely happy with after 3 weeks of use.  He was able to insert the SIM card from his old phone and everything was recognized, and he also transferred all his music files easily to this device.The touchscreen is fantastic, and there are many useful apps available for download.  Good sound, a GPS, web access - it's all there.  Even the phone call sound quality is clear. (imagine that!)Still, it's overpriced, - but worth buying if you want a great product and good quality.

Too much to be truth?1. I put Garmin software and works just like a Garmin GPS!I can also use Google maps in which you can walk or drive your car and see your position on the satellite image.2. 3G signal is always 100% even in rural Costa Rica where I live.3. I put Joikuspot and it works as a 1.5 Mbps router, anywhere I go!Right now I am using it to write this on my Ubuntu laptop.4. Sync with Google Calendar and contacts fast and excellent!-why should anyone need Exchange Server anymore????5. Excellent camera, video recorder, I even scan documents with it even if I have a scanner around.6. Offline multilanguage dictionary7. Excellent video, music and audio book player8. Bright flashlightI miss is a portable bluetooth keyboard, PDF and office reader, but all are available.Well I would love the IPhone's beautiful and smooth interfase (which is far better than any other) plus snooze options for remindersToo much and too good to be truth? No

This phone has met all my expectations.  The built-in GPS is fantastic.  From time to time, it takes a while to lock, but once it does, it works really well.  I am currently using the endoMondo sports app, and the way it works with the GPS and the auto-upload feature make this thing an amazing exercise tracker for walking, running and biking.  The free navigation and turn by turn with voice instructions works as well as any GPS that I have seen.  The touch-screen isn't as "cool" as the iPhone, but then again, I am not "stuck" with a data plan.  The phone works great, and the battery life is at least as good as I expected, probably better.  The web browsing is fine for the simple things I would use a device like this for.  I have been surprised by the user interface, allowing a touch on things like the clock or the profile setting display to change or display additional info. In short, I have no regrets whatsoever for having purchased this phone.  Yes, there are better phones out there... but nowhere near the low price of this phone.

Bought this phone at FS, clearout $195.00 cad. Dec.14,2009 When I switched the sim card from my old phone, found that there wasn't one in this new phone, didn't bother to raise it. So far working well. One tip; if you install a protective skin over the face, cut away top mill of the film before installing, so the light sensor isn't covered.  This prevents the screen from going into screen save mode(black) when you are trying to key additional numbers ie; pin numbers to retrieve voicemail or keying a phone extension number etc. When the light sensor senses darkness such as your cheek against the phone as you talk, or in your pocket it will go dark so anything touching the screen won't activate something. Any protective skin will cause the same effect, so cut it away around the sensor first.Also if you take videos or pictures and you want to save them on your computer, take them in the horizontal position only, because if you take pics/videos in the upright position, when they 'view' on your computer they load only in the horizontal and I can't find a way to 'rotate' them. I can move the  pictures into one of my many photo venues to rotate, but can't find a way to do it in any of the video viewers ie: Real or Windows Media Player. In other words I have to view my 'videos' with a crooked neck!..so take videos only in horizontal.I don't use all of the apps so can't report on them.  Also we live in a rural areal in SW Ontario and have no connection , dropped calls or poor audio issues at all. I acknowledge that has a lot to do with the carrier .No major software issues as some buyers have reported, but I do notice that the clock is 5 minutes slow, I am perplexed on that one as the time should be coming from the server, this shouldn't take rocket science to solve.Otherwise phone is solid performer so far.

I'll start with the good. It has most of the stuff you would get in an iPhone for 1/5 the price. Lots of apps, all the bells and whistles you'd expect on a modern cell phone like a camera and Bluetooth, etc. Now for the bad.Either this phone or the software that runs it is extremely shoddy. I can't tell you how often the phone gets completely locked up and the battery has to be removed in order to "reboot" it. Since I bought my daughter's a week after my own, I have two of these devices to compare, and both have similar problems. We have done firmware updates and factory resets. One particular annoyance happens while you are typing a text message.In the middle of typing, the keyboard screen will momentarily disappear and then reappear. Unfortunately, if you had been typing on the right-hand side of the keyboard at that time, you will have accidentally pressed a button such as the "send" button. It happens about every 20 seconds, although it comes and goes. I can't tell you how many times I have sent half messages because of this glitch, and it is the same glitch on both phones. I don't have a single 3rd party app installed (although my daughter does), so it's not like anything is interfering. I don't have it connecting to a WiFi network or any funny stuff. Just plain texting. My daughter does use all those other features, and they all seem to work OK, but what good is a smart phone that can do everything but text?The freezing problem has gotten so bad and I have needlessly missed so many important calls and messages that I am now shopping for a new phone. I gave it two stars because it texts OK and plays music OK, and the camera and other features seem to work OK. That's all it gets. You should probably avoid this phone if you can help it.

It works great and is quite useful, I use it as a business cell phone. Bur remember you get what you pay for, 5 stars is for the fact I paid such a low price and it is what it is. The only issue I have with it is start up and shutting down problems, EVEN ON THE FIRST DAY. But just take out the battery for a second and put it back in and its all fine again. If it was a little more expensive, I would have given it 4 or 3 stars.

I bought this phone from ebay not amazon but I still want to review it here.I love what this phone does for me.-Free lifetime map and navigation software. Maps can be downloaded and saved to the phone for free and works with the built in GPS so no need to download maps on the go and use a data plan (as is the case with android and iPhone).-Good music player that works with standard 3.5 mm headphones.-Good browsing experience with opera.-It is probably the only smart phone that works with Rogers Wireless unlimited Browsing plan for $10 a month as of this writing. Other smart phones require a data plan and will cost you much more.-The price of the phone is really good compared to the competition.-The camera quality is not that great. Do not expect it to replace your digital camera.-I am very happy with it in general (for what I need to do with my cell phone). I am giving it a 4-star because I think it could have been better and faster.You have to understand this is not an iPhone, it's not as fast or powerful and it does not have all the bells and whistles of the iPhone. If you want an iPhone just go ahead and get one, but if you care less about the games and cool stuff and are more of a practical person that needs the GPS navigation software and the unlimited browsing. This phone would be an excellent choice.

Can't say it is an iphone killer, cause don't have one to conduct head-to-head test, but that is the whole reason for not having an iphone for me anyway.Pros1. fast2. predicts your next action for the most part, ex. when on a call w/ the phone to your face the screen will sleep and when take away to end a call, it wakes up w/ the proper screen of options to either end, make a note, speaker option, etc.3. froze on me once in a week now, but "fixed" its self when I had to go answer the door, I thought I would have to yank the battery like on the htc viva I had just before this phone, ABSOLUTELY HATED IT, DON'T BUY-- ms mobile has a lot of refinement to catch up with symbian and apple.4. Takes really good pics for a 3.2 pix camera, just be sure to learn how to use the proper scenes, just like on quality 5 pix cameras.5. not forced into data plan contract by att, currently I don't have a use for losing  $40/month to att in perpetuity --yeah att no thanks I'll keep my $$ and give it to you when I want; just my approach anyway.6. love the sd card ability, iphone can't do it, so you're stuck with apple.7. phone is not to big, not too small.8. definitely, order the rubberized phone case www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0026NMA0C/ref=ox_ya_os_product, fits perfectly, best $5 of phone insurance against drops/falls I've ever spent.9. Basically an unlocked iphoneish phone for under $300, with no contract, just can't go wrong.Cons1. would like a 1/4" wider screen, would make such a big difference.

I picked up the 5800 and have been using it for 6 months. I bought the phone initially because I wanted a more feature rich phone and an unlocked phone which allowed me more freedom than standard subsidized phones. I took a risk and bought the 5800 sight unseen. Part of my decision was based on the specs and part on the incredible price for those specs. I have no regrets.I've owned it for six months now and I still have a hard time putting this phone down! LOLHeres a few of my thoughts as well as a few tips and tricks.The call quality is superb. Voices always sound crisp and clear with no tinny or distorted sound. The speakerphone which I use often is also very good. Alot of people overlook and are willing to put up with subpar call quality if the phone looks sexy and is fast with lots of eye candy. Not me. I actually use my cell-phones to talk on. So call quality is still the most important thing to me.Connectivity....Transfering data using the Nokia collection of software is a snap. The USB works flawlessly. I use it all the time to transfer music, pics etc to and from my pc. I also use it to back-up my phone content as well as synching activities.Bluetooth works decently. The only problem I have with it is that it does not seem to have the range I've experienced with other phones. I LOVE being able to voice dial when using a bluetooth headset. Thats the whole point of being "hands free"User interface and performance....I know that Symbian is outdated and gets ragged on. I don't care. I know it does'nt have the intuitiveness of an iphone or the eye candy of Android, but the Symbian OS on the 5800 works well for me. For me its a stable, mature and easy to use UI. Good Apps, both free and paid are plentiful ALL over the web.Couple things I've learned to keep the phone running well...Don't bog it down with alot of useless software. After adding alot of useless apps I learned to add only the things that I will actually use. Also, cleanup the phones internal memory once in awhile. Its easy to forget, but its also very helpful to always clean the browser's cache as it can accumulate quickly and really eats up spaceAnd finally if your phone is really sluggish, do an onboard or pc back-up via the Nokia Backup Software and then do a reset of the phone. It will make your phone factory fresh and totally give it new umph! that has been lost to the installing and removal of apps and the traces that it leaves behind. I did it a couple of weeks ago because I wanted to make sure I had enough internal memory for the upcoming 5.0 Firmware Update. I was amazed at how fast and fresh my phone was after the reset. If you do a proper back-up you can reset safely without loss of data.As I said, I've found and enjoyed some really useful apps for the 5800. These are worth checking out. Some are free and some are paid.....AccuWeather, Google Search with voice, Absolute Radio, Nokia Photo Browser, Opera Browser, Smartlight, Total Recall, Handy Shell. Thats just a few of the really nice apps I've found for my 5800All in all, I've been very happy with my choice of the Nokia 5800. I've found it to be an incredible value for the amount of money it cost. I've personalized it totally to my liking and it looks and perfoms the way I want.In that respect, the iphone or any Android device out there can't touch it for my needs.

A little sluggish and you usually have to reset it in order to became usable. Freeze sometimes....I think Nokia should replace Symbian OS by Android OS.The good - GPS with turn-by-turn navigation. Good sound quality.The bad - sluggish, poor memory, freeze, OS.

One of my best cellphone that I hadCamera okTouchscreen very intuitiveSoftware fineand Hardware perfect

I am about to travel to Europe. So, I did research for couple days on internet. What I need is a smart phone with a real GPS, instead of A-GPS that requires a data plan (most of US data plans become horribly expensive in Europe).I selected this phone with real GPS, free map, free navigation, touch screen, sliding fingers on screen, 3.2 pixel camera/video, zoom, flashlight, red eye reduction, and etc like an iPhone without data plan. It also has voice commands......When I got this phone, it is really excellent. GPS works and Map also works great. But, when I tried navigation, it fails. No matter how many times I followed instructions on Nokia (and Ovi Map) web site to reinstall Ovi Map, navigation simply won't work. I spent couple hours digging through users' postings on Nokia's support web site. Finally figure out that the old map application #3.01# on the phone must be first uninstalled. Otherwise, the newly installed Map 3.03 #246# won't work, despite it always reports the installation succeeds. See "Re: unable to install ovi maps 3.03 on 5800XM" posted by Gilles on [...]I almost return this phone becuase it fails deliver the navigation function. If you read users' posts on Nokia's support site, you will reallize that tons of poeple have the same problem. I think Nokia better updates its web site ASAP. Otherwise, many people will unknowingly return this great phone.Once the navigation also works (without data plan and go online), I really think this phone is EXCELLENT, especially compare its prices/functions with iPhone. Of course, I agree iPhone may give a more fancy illusion and is falsely perceived as a more fashion toy.

Muy buen equipo. Pude descargar sin problemas todas las actualizaciones y luego configurarlo. La configuraci&oacute;n es un poco dificultosa ya que por defecto se conecta por la red de telefonia celular y en Argentina eso es todavia muy costoso. Descargue el mapa para guardarlo en el telefono, pero no descarga todos los detalles y cuando salgo de la zona de wifi, intenta conectarse por la red celular. Cuando cancelo la comunicaci&oacute;n el mapa es muy incompleto. Hasta el momento no pude hacer que descargue un mapa completo de por lo menos la ciudad de Mar del Plata.En cuanto a la calidad del equipo y del costo y de sus prestaciones es muy bueno. Yo lo recomendar&iacute;a a los posibles compradores, pero que tengan en cuenta que no es un telefono para un usuario con pocos conocimientos de tecnolog&iacute;a.

The Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is a chick and elegant phone. Have a great sound and the configuration is easy in almost countries around the world. In other way, you have to pay for most of the programs that you want to use, like acrobat reader, office mobile, real player for MPEG videos, antivirus. The operative systems Symbian Os is fast and operate correctly all the time. Nokia maps doesn't run in all countries, but in developed nations works pretty fast.

buen celular la mejor compra que hize lo recomiendolo unico malo es el gps se demora en conectarse pero el resto todo bien

Excelent phone for this price I think the best touch screen phone for less than $400 u can found, works perfect in Costa Rican services

I've Nokia 5800 XM for over a month and I love the phone. Well worth every single penny. Interface is not as good and as intuitive as iphone, but trust me you'll get used to it very soon. Music sounds very good and the external speakers are very good, could be louder, but hey this is a phone not a boombox.Like:1. Freedom - Being unlocked there are no restrictions on this phone (No more jailbreaking)2. Excellent feature set in the price range (sub $250) - Bang for the buck3. Very customizable4. True multi tasking - Run multiple applications at the same time just like your PC5. Sync/Transfer files via Bluetooth (Finally you can use bluetooth as it is designed, not just for headset)6. Handwriting - I hate little dinky buttons and I can write faster than I can type7. Turn your phone into wifi hotspot (joikuspot)Dislike:1. Interface is not very good2. Installing too many apps can make your phone sluggish3. Horrible camera4. No VPN (Well there is Cisco VPN Client for IPSEC, but just doesn't work)5. Could be thinneriPhone comparision:Well, I had an iphone and didn't like all the restrictions that Apple and AT&T; had on that. You've to jailbreak to use many advanced features and worry each time you upgrade your firmware, if it is going to kill the jailbreak. Besides that you've to be with AT&T; forever, atleast as long as you want to use iphone. AT&T; doesn't let you unlock the phone even after the contract perid, pure insane. Well, you can get iphone unlocked after jailbreaking. But there is no guarantee that future upgrades won't kill that. All in all iphone is far superior hardware (and so it thrice as expensive unlocked) but your Nokia 5800 XM won't let you down.

Firmware updates for the 5800XM seem to come every few months and the system automatically reboots after but there is also a soft reboot and a hard reboot if needed. I have not used either. For my purposes, mostly music, appointments and alarms, and the phone, it is stable with just 1 exception when the battery overheated while I was talking on the phone and connected to my Wi-Fi. This has not happened again.Kinetic scrolling is what most XM users are waiting for in the next upgrade because current dragging scrolling is not as accurate and is inconsistent depending on what app or utility you are using. The bad news is that the kinetic scrolling will only be for the home screen, contacts, and the browser. I don't think the dragging currently used in the 5800 is all that bad but there is a learning curve if you are not use to it.The browser is slow and sometimes hangs but anyone using the internet knows that sometimes any browser, including FireFox will hang. This is really not specific to the 5800XM. When it stops responding I do the same thing I would do on my laptop or PC, change to something else I was doing and wait for the browser to either respond or I kill it. With the 5800XM simply click on the menu button and get out of there. I have never had to reboot because of the browser. It is, however, slow. I have full AT&T; 3.5G coverage (7 bars) but the browser still works faster over Wi-Fi. Response time is supposed to increase with the new firmware.On icon screens the 5800XM requires only a single tap to open but on some of the menus 2 taps are required. That is real confusing until you get use to it. The upgrade may fix this as well.Supplied documentation is basically non-existent other than for just general operating instructions but there are tips and hints tutorials on the net.Outside, the camera takes crystal clear pix. Inside takes a little tweaking but there are plenty of options. The new firmware is also supposed to contain a camera enhancement.The auto-orientation screen rotation sometimes gets discombobulated but corrects itself in a second or so. Some screens don't rotate but this is addressed in the next release as well according to the Nokia USA discussions forum.The speaker distorts sound if it is set at max but although I would expect better from a phone advertised exclusively as for music, it is typical of almost anything I have had plus I usually have on the earphones so the sound in not on max that makes this mostly a non-issue for me.There is built in Flash player but it does not work with version 9 so some of the videos you want to watch online simply won't play until this is upgraded in the firmware.Mine and some others have a small open area on the top right side where the top screen section of the phone meets the main phone section. You can see it real good if you hold the top of the phone against a white background, look along the side and front and between the 2 black sections. It almost looks like someone took the phone apart and did not put it back together correctly. Dust and even hair can get below the screen. I keep the phone in my pocket at all times so I don't see where this will be an issue and after 2 months, it is not. If it becomes an issue, I will have to ship it to a Nokia Care center so I kept my other Sim-card phone just in case.The issue with earlier European phones that involved a defective ear speaker is not an issue with mine.I had trouble connecting to my home Wi-Fi but once I upgraded my router's firmware, the XM found it without further incident.The GPS turn-by-turn directions through Navteq and Nokia Maps are flawless and the phone comes, if I remember correctly, with a 3 week free trial.The battery life is about the same for any other phone I have had and even better seeing as how I am always listening to music.So, why did I stay with this and not go with the iPhone 3GS? Every phone and every OS has some issues. This is really the first attempt by Symbian at a touch interface and they seem responsive to enhancement requests. I did not want to get locked into a contract in case I move and can't get the AT&T; signal. I don't make or take calls every day so I did not want to pay the minimum monthly for the iPhone. I use Pay as Your Go.It has tactile as well as visual feedback (the key you press enlarges and there is a slight vibration that you can turn off), making typing on the large QWERTY easy and the XM remembers where I use the large keyboard and automatically brings it up with the apps where I use it. It is just the right size and the rubber-like back makes it easy to hold on to. The XM has both primary and secondary cameras. It backs up to both its own folder on your PC as well as synchronizes with my Outlook Express. Also, for all music lovers, the surround sound in the 5800 is the best I've heard on a phone.Some of these things would have totally turned off most people but I searched for over 2 years for a better alternative to my Sprint Palm and the 5800XM is the only phone that fulfills all my needs. The enV Touch came close but it has no Wi-Fi and I could have been locked into monthly fees and a contract. I am willing to put up with a few minor inconveniences while they iron out the bugs. I would not have been happy at all with the alternatives and it is the best phone I have owned.Update 10-16-09 the browser freeze does not happen since I reoriented my Wi-Fi. Version 3 update still not available through PC Suite. Most times Bluetooth works flawlessly but sometimes, under exactly same circumstances, it constantly cuts out and this is reported from people using different BT devices.

Phone worked well out of the box.  (AT&T user, just insert your old phones SIM and go.  However, for texting you have to go to the set up menu and input the AT&T message center phone number, otherwise your text/s will stay in the Outbox).  Music is great with clear sound.  Camera has a flash and works for night scenes, but the resolution is not that great.  Wi-Fi is automatically scanned just like a laptop does.  Haven't downloaded all the Nokia apps to check out all the functions this smartphone can do. Expanding memory is easy with a phone slot on the side to max out to 16 GB.  Great Amazon price, quick shipment, way more positive add ons than the overpriced Iphone.  Video webcam available via 2 cameras, not locked on to a monthly $30 data plan like the Iphone, battery on par with my previous cell phones, touch screen is as good as it gets.  You can also just add AT&T's media data plan down the road if you need 24/7 websurfing, think its about $15.  All in all, Nokia 5800 is a winner; not as well known, then again you're not going to stand out as one of the Apple peeps out there.

Many times the screen will freeze and the only way to get the phone working agin is to remove the battery.....what a piece of cr....

Had to say good bye to my old Palm Treo of many years. The new Palm phones have not really kept up pace with the competition and it was time for something new. After reading many reviews of many many phones, asking friends etc I finally settled for an unlocked Nokia 5800 (US version). I haven't regretted my choice for a minute. Now in its 4th week, I am beginning to use it as a pro. The only thing I can think of being a bit negative, is the screen response. Sometimes it is a bit slow and I have to press again for it to react. But that's all. This was a great choice and I recommend it to anyone who wants a smart phone.

I did my homework before I bought a phone. I wanted all the features, and this one has them. I would recommend this phone to anyone. I only wish AT&T would promote it. Oh well, their loss.

I am very pleased with the purchase, is an excellent article which I have acquired.

I bought this phone mainly because I couldn't afford the high cost of AT&T;'s iPhone monthly packages. I'm also not one of those people who need their phone for business, so I passed on a blackberry. However, I find it extremely useful to be able to go online without needing to be near a computer. e.g when I'm lost in NYC and even the locals can't direct me (Google Maps is great right?). I can also connect to my wireless network with ease when I'm at home and chilling on the sofa and can't be bothered to get my laptop. I like the fact that I can store music on this phone, take pics and videos (although not the best quality, especially at night) and listen to the radio. Its an extremely good phone in my opinion and I'm glad I made the purchase. Also, because I can get unlimited Web deal from my phone company for $10, my bills are much more affordable than they would be if I had the iPhone from AT&T.;However....its a little bulky compared to the iPhone and most blackberries. For me that's cool because it slips out of my pocket less than my other phone and I drop it less too (I'm one of those annoyingly clumsy people!). What annoys me the most though is the fact that there is no alphanumeric keypad option when you want to make calls. Its only available for text messages and web browsing. Fine if you're in Europe where phone numbers are always given numerically, but in the US, phone 'words' are used all the time, so you either have to memorize the alphanumeric keypad or switch to text messaging to type out memorize the number form of the word.Despite those minor flaws (in my opinion), a very good phone indeed!

The GPS takes like 30-40 min to detect position. I searched online for this problem and several forums talk about it, there seems to be no way round. The integration with Microsoft Exchange is very bad: the calendar has a limit of entries it can load, after that the phone freezes when you open the calendar, and I need to disconnect the battery to turn it off. I tried everything, I really needed that calendar integration. I can't use it anymore, even after resetting the phone to factory defaults and erasing everything. To sync with exchange, it asks me every time if I want to accept the certificate. I click on "accept the certificate and never ask again". It shows a message saying that next time won't ask to accept certificate. But it keeps asking to accept the certificate. Doesn't sync anymore unless I ask the phone to do so. The email client for Gmail and other POP3 stopped working after some update, and I gave up on it. Nokia released a new version of Ovi maps, and my phone updated to it, but this the new version is too heavy for this phone. Every time after I enter the code to unlock the phone, it shows a stupid message that says that the phone has been unlocked, only to make me wait. If you're in a meeting and the alarm starts ringing, you need to enter the code to unlock the phone before turning it off, what I do instead is to take the battery off. Any time the phone starts making a sound it's quicker to take the battery off than trying anything else. The web browser asks if you want to see the secure/non secure elements several times per page. Processing power is limited and you will see that when trying to scroll in a webpage.

I did quite a bit of research before I purchased this phone, as I always do. Of the unlocked phones that were reasonably priced, this one seemed very promising. Unfortunately, it was a big disappointment. If you want a phone for its camera/video and audio playback, this would be a decent choice. If you plan on using the phone for sending text messages and you expect quality, stay away! The problems I experienced were as follows: The phone would just lock up and become unresponsive. The only cure for this was removal of the battery. Which, if your phone was in a case like mine, was a huge pain. The screen when in keyboard mode would get tiny pixels (green in color) that would not go away unit you closed the application. The more I used the phone the more frequently this happened. The message light would start blinking at random times, most of the time after I had checked/read a text. Sometimes it would blink once, sometimes twice but very inconsistent in its operation. This is minor but goes toward my thinking that this phone will not last. This phone doesn't support HTML browsing, not a flaw in the phone, but when you go to the Internet you realize what you are missing. When in text mode, you can only see one side of the conversation. Again, not a problem with the phone, but bothersome nonetheless. I had a Blackberry Curve and you don't realize what you have till it's gone. Some of the other reviewers mentioned multiple steps to navigate through the phone, they're right. I think with a little refinement this could be a nice phone. When sending texts there is not support for spell checking, it's just not user friendly. No predictive text, no auto capitalization, all things you miss once your phone doesn't have them.All in all, I would not recommend this phone. I sent it back and purchased the MyTouch Google phone made by HTC and spent $100 less. Amazon is a great company, no complaints there, just not a good product.

I've owned this phone for about 6 months now, and today I'm mailing in for repair, for reasons I'll get to in a minute.  Until a few weeks ago I thought it was a decent phone, a cost effective alternative to a 2-year iphone contract and iphone data.  It's a very capable phone, the GPS works great, and once you download another browser (I used Opera Mobile [not Opera Mini]) it's a good little internet phone.  The camera's great.  Call quality and reception generally were better than my friends' iphones.  Because it's an unlocked phone, there were a handful of useful things I could that iphone users couldn't, like download an app that allowed me to take my 3G connection and make a WIFI hotspot...tethering, basically. I also made much use of the vast array of podcasts available for download directly to the phone.  My main complaint when it was working was that there just weren't that many desirable apps, at least not compared to iphone, blackberry, or android.  Streaming data was possible, for example, but whereas many sources of streaming data (like CSPAN or NPR) have apps for more popular phones, I had to seek out links at great length.Anyway, about a week ago I started having minor software glitches.  The phone wouldn't interact properly with hands free headsets, certain menu options were unavailable.  Basic ones, like bringing up the dial pad to make a phone call.  So I call Nokia.  They tell me to reset it, which is a no brainer, but when that didn't work, they were useless.  I visit their "support" site, which is equally useless, except for the forum of users who offer each other advice based on what they've been able to dig up in spite of Nokia.  I send an email to ask a specific question.  Nokia did not answer my email, other that an auto-response message saying that they would get back to me "promptly".  That was a week ago.  During this process I discover (no thanks to Nokia) that I cannot update my firmware over the air (direct to the phone) or with my computer, which happens to be a Mac.  I need Windows.  Okay, so I get Windows, back the phone up using Nokia's OVI Suite and then begin the update.  OVI Suite crashes, Windows closes it, and my phone is now a paper weight.  The only option left to me is to mail the phone in and do without for "7-10 days".  We'll see about that.  Not holding my breath.If I had the decision to make over I would probably buy an iphone.  I still think this is a great phone, and I'm sure not everyone will have the same problem as I did, just be warned that if you do, it's a huge hassle.

I have purchased this product in april '09 and so far I am impressed with it. Being a nokia phone user for years, I am well accustomed to the features and interface even with some technological changes (like touch screen). The features you will read here are just some of the highlights I think is usually overlooked but as important when using cell phones.Pros:Data management. An example is for contacts. You can easily select and transfer phone numbers to and from the sim card. This is a must when upgrading to a different phone without bothering to use a computer. Try that with a blackberry pearl you will see what I mean.Unlocked. You can use most gsm sim cards from around the globe. (hint get prepaid sims available in most major cities) And this option is a lot cheaper than having to pay international roaming charges. Another plus is that you are not tied to a network so you can switch whenever you like.Price. I think this is one of the cheaper phones which has touch screen capabilities without having a contract (of 2 years usually) and no data plan required. This was 350 USD when I bought it and has gone down to 300 (as nokia is trying to put out a newer model)Cons:As with other reviews, the plastic battery cover needs to be a lot sturdier. It bends easily as it is made of softer plastic (maybe to prevent it from cracking or becoming brittle?)Thicker dimensions. Not as sleek as an iphone as it is NOT an iphone.Apps for it is still limited, but expect it to grow over the years.

I had owned various phones in the past and Nokia is the best on any comparison, for the Features available on this phone, had Apple had all these features it will cost 10 times more, most people don't even know it has extra camera on the front for video Calls along with the 3.2 MP on the back, Video is far better and there were no sluggish performance as far as I had used for more than a month, unlike iPhone this phone can run multiple applications at same time which is like multitasking in PC, so I can play music and browse websites at same time and switch to GPS , attend a call and type an SMS.. And it goes on...all at same time, iPhone cannot do more than one at a time, we get millions of free software, games, themes etc., unlike Apple App store, no need to pay more and more. Best feature, no MP3 conversion required, if you have lot of MP3 files on hard disk just drag and drop in few seconds, we can play, phone comes with 8GB of SD Card, can upgrade to 16 GB, that's more than enough, I had used the N95 earlier which costs double this price, this is not a NSeries phone from nokia, but it had all the features + touch screen of N series phone at half the price.If you like Garmin for GPS, Garmin GPS software available for this phone and installing that will make it the best GPS (it comes with Nokia's map software too) and no data plan or internet required for GPS as maps are copied to memory. It comes with lot of add on and Its not too big like iPhone and not too small, exactly made for using with single hand and I had replaced the blackberry phone used for Office with this and configured my Office outlook exchange server along with Gmail, hotmail and yahoo, how cool is that.It handles website just as a PC and there is no difference with any websites, I can login to bank accounts and do anything like PC, it has stereo speakers but the Nokia Headsets are far Superior in sound quality and build and it comes with built in Mic and buttons for music track change so we can play music and attend calls without touching phone.And FM is there to use while driving and at the Gym, Google has lot of software available for this phone like latitude, docs etc. If you want free chat software Fring ([...]) is available for free, it connects yahoo, hotmail, AOL, Gtalk and Skype users all in one place and we can even make voice calls to online users. It has the great sync software that syncs all your photos, videos, contacts, notes etc between phone and PC using Bluetooth, just switch on the PC and it does the sync automatically. We can import and export all contacts from outlook, Lotus notes etc.And there is software to use the screen as a touch screen mouse for the PC like a wireless Bluetooth mouse and that's free too.For brand conscious users like me, I want to buy a phone from a telecom company like Nokia than a computer (apple) or TV (Samsung) company, who were just trying phones as one of their business.iPhone doesn't have many of these features and only selling because of marketing, if nokia did their part, this should beat any phone for sure, I don't want to lock with AT&T; for lifetime with iPhone and pay $ monthly and pay for any applications and did I say its unlocked? What else you can expect from a phone? Comment Comments (7) | Permalink | Was this review helpful to you?  Yes No (Report this)27 of 30 people found the following review helpful:5.0 out of 5 stars Nice Smartphone, One of Nokia's Best!, May 14, 2009By  Elizabeth M. Lawinger - See all my reviews(REAL NAME)I am huge on Nokia Phones (tried blackberry 8820, didn't care for). I upgraded to this phone from the N95. I really like the N95, but since I have started texting so much, really got annoying texting on the N95 (it just has a numberpad, no qwerty). Landscape qwerty on this phone is really nice, but hand recognition is awesome! I can write faster then I can type when texting, and if you want to keep notes, memos, lists, etc... on your phone, the handwriting entry makes it go quickly. All you have to do is write on the screen and it will type what you write. A feature to love.I have tried the GPS and it is similiar to the N95. I tested it against my Garmin Nuvi, and it is very similiar. Only complaint as that after you pass a road, it takes a second or two longer than the Garmin to realize you did or didn't turn, which is only annoying if you make a wrong turn (I did so on purpose to test), But for a phone GPS, it is great. Nice for when walking around an unfamiliar metro area. Didn't use POI's much, but played around enough to know they hit all the major spots in our small town, and when pulling up a cateogry such as restaurants, the list was extensive. Very, very handy to have GPS on phone, as I never take my Garmin off my car mount, and prefer not to have to. Also, satellite lock was very quick. Nice!You can keep 4 contacts (with photo icons) on homescreen for quick calling, texting, etc... but why only 4? Wish there was more. Dialing can be a pain, you have to click several times to get to the point of calling a contact, but I have gotten accusotmed to that (same on N95). Nokia should really make it a 2 click process, select contact and call, hope they make that change. If you pull up the name you want on your contacts you can press the green (go) bar at the bottom of phone and it will call that person.Internet is nice as well, picks up on my wireless internet fast, as well as quickly at the local coffee spot, but haven't used it beyond that. Video and photos are sweet on the lcd screen. Bluetooth makes transfer of photos and music from you computer to phone a snap. The speakers on this phone are amazing for a cell phone. Very easy to do. There are lots and lots of other nice applications to play with.This is the best choice I could make for a cell phone (definetly a step up from the N95, which is a subperb phone). If you like to text and want a full keyboard (or the ability to handwrite using the stylus), keep documents on your phone, (bluetooth is quick and easy transfer back to computer), want to enjoy videos and music (with great sound), like surfing the web, want a GPS (with no need for a data plan), and are a techy-gadget person like myself who couldn't pass up the idea of having a touchscreen, this is an awesome choice. Comment Comments (2) | Permalink | Was this review helpful to you?  Yes No (Report this)

This phone is a great example why Nokia and Symbian have failed miserably in the smartphone market. Word "User Friendly" does not exist in Nokia's dictionary.Pros.Decent CameraNice speakersCons.Complex Menus/Options/exits/setting.Nothing on this phone is user friendly.Bad unresponsive touchscreen.Screen rotation does not work reliably.Virtually no Apps. Ovi store is a disaster.GPS takes forever to catch signal but then works fine..Setting up and reading Mail for exchange is a pain.

POST-SCRIPT (8 December 2009):Applications have failed to function twice within 6 months of owning it. It was reformatted two months ago. Looks like I'll have to visit service centre again for the same problem, i.e. music player and shortcut bar have both failed; some photos are partially obscured. Thankfully their service centre attended to it promptly; unlike an Apple ipod I bought years ago when the battery needed to be replaced. But really, who wants to repeatedly visit a service centre and reload files. Bottom line, this is my first Nokia and probably my last! Absolutely disgusted with the product!!!ORIGINAL REVIEW (19 August 2009)If you're looking for a 3G cell phone with wi-fi connectivity and large memory (maximum 16MB capacity), the Nokia 5800 Express Music is perfect. It surfs the internet with relative ease, links to RSS feeds, plays on-line radio stations (listen regularly to KVOD in Denver and SWR1 in Baden-Baden, Germany) and downloads podcasts.  The browser can be magnified similar to the Opera browser application. The 3G networks in Malaysia work well on it.Applications for Symbian 5 touchscreen phones like the 5800XM seem to be minimal, and this might be a drawback for some. Nevertheless, I've found many 3rd party developers with applications and widgets that fit my needs, among these: WorldMate, Psiloc World Traveler, Office Suite, AccuWeather, Phone Torch, Level, Scientific Calculator, YouTube, Google Translator, France 24 News, AP News, GPS with Garmin, Scratchpad, Mobbler for Lost.FM, Facebook,, MySpace, Twitter and NimBuzz,  to name just a few. Some are free while others may be purchased on-line.  Some Java applications work well too, as do some Symbian 3 applications. Gaming applications are also available.Using a touch phone takes some getting use to, and the Nokia 5800XM is no different. This is especially so when scrolling through the address directory. It can be very fast and a contact can be overlooked with much frustration. Nokia solves this problem with an alphabetical keypad; simply key the first initial of a name and it compiles a short-list of names.The media player is terrific. It is indexed with an FM radio, Podcasts, music player, video player. The sound is sufficient for my needs and I've stored hundreds of music files, that play instantly at a touch on the desktop.The 3.2 megapixel camera uses Carl Zeiss lenses. It focuses with a touch, hold down and it snaps photos easily. You can resize the photos or add special effects to it. With some 3rd party applications you can do some photo/art touch ups as well. With Nimbuzz application you can even video conference or carry on video calls with the front lens.Data can be downloaded via Bluetooth or Mass Storage using a cable. With Bluetooth only small data can be downloaded since it is received in the Message folder that is placed in the small megabyte and fixed memory chip.The Nokia 5800XM is indeed a great little pocket computer. It does many things very well. Unfortunately, it's application glitches devalue its worthiness.

There is no sense in reviewing the features since that's already pretty well covered.I searched Amazon for the best cell phone with WiFi sorted by ratings. This item came up at the top of the list at the price range I was looking for. That is one of the best features with Amazon in my opinion.Boy, I am not at all dissapointed. This is simply the best phone I've ever had or that I've ever seen. It does everything I could ask for in a phone, and it is totally useable as an Internet device. It is small enough to carry on your hip, less than 1/2 inch taller than a closed Razr V3, yet large enough to read a book or a web page pretty easily. And of course you can turn the phone for a landscape view. Plus, it is light as a feather as compared to an HTC for example.I have it set up to ask me what network I want to use everytime I access the browser. That way, I can use WiFi whenever it is availabe. I switched from T-Mobile prepay to AT&T; prepay so I could get the monthly data package of 100mb for $[...]. This works perfectly for me. From what I've read, I can re-fill the data package for $[...] each month for 1mb and roll over the unused data. I also pay an additional $[...] per month for 200 text messages since AT&T; charges .20 per text. And, at $.[...] a call, I just try to avoid the voice and send email or texts. The $[...] prepay re-fill will last a year and each of these monthly items get deducted from my prepay balance, along with the phone minutes. I really don't use the phone very much, and I would usually get away with about $[...] per month on T-Mobile. With the AT&T; data plan and texting, I figure it should be closer to $[...] per month. Not a bad deal compared to the T-Mobile minimum unlimited data plan at $[...]/mo plus $.[...] per call, or AT&T;/T-Mobile @ $[...]/mo plus outrageous taxes for calls and data.The big plus is that this phone is DESIGNED to be used unlocked from any carrier. Unlike the Blackberry, where you have to figure out ways to bypass their network, the Nokia 5800 Xpressmusic sets you up to avoid the carrier and tries to warn you as much as possible that you may incur data charges. VERY HELPFUL. I Highly recommend this phone. It is an excellent value.EDIT: I just received my AMEX $[...] rebate debit card today 8/2/10 (Rebates always feel like a crap-shoot to me), so now I'm even happier with my first Nokia buying experience. Total cost was $[...] less $[...] or $[...].

I bought this phone thinking that it was one of the best phones but after three months it started to heat and the battery lost all his energy. Now I have to pay a lot of money in order to fix it. I'm from other country then for me it's more difficult to send it to the seller.

If that is Nokia's response to the iPhone, then Apple can rest for the next 2 years.I bought the phone because it is unlocked and I don't want to pay ATT data plan for two years. It also has Wi-Fi, Blue Tooth and GPS.What I like about the phone:1/ It is very sleek and fits snugly in the hand2/ The voice quality and the speakers are excellent and have enough power3/ It has WiFi and Bluetooth4/ I am a stylus type of guy and I like the handwriting capability - probably the best feature5/ Changing the SIM or the SD is a snap.What I don't like1/ Making a phone call is pathetic - how many clicks do I have to make in order to make a simple phone call. And why does it have to ask me if I want to make a video call ?!? Like I do video calls from my land line.2/ So far I haven't found a way to do phone card call, without having to type in about 20 digits.3/ Could not manage to get the blue tooth conduit to run with my Vista Laptop. Vista asks for a driver, Nokia says that they have provided the driver.4/ Even the full size QWERTY is very difficult to use. You need to press much harder on the LCD so fat fingering is very common.5/ Help and support are pathetic6/ The battery died after about 8 hours, during which time I had made 3-4 calls. It virtually died it went from full charge to almost empty in a matter of 10 minutes.All in all, I am considering to return it and get a phone that actually works, without having to have manicure or three hands.============================================10 DAYS LATER UPDATE:-------------------------------Here we go:PROS:1/ The battery issue disappeared after about 1 week nightly recharging. Now the battery indicator has a tendency to be 100% all day long, and I do talk more than when I was testing the phone. I am not sure if the indicator is correct, but at least it has not let me down while I am talking.2/ The phone has relatively decent "Voice Command" feature. That resolved my issue with the number of clicks to make a simple phone call.3/ I received an SMS from NOKIA - telling me how to turn my GPS feature on. That was awfully nice of them - ~2 hours after the activation the GPS found me. Obviously there is a "soak" period. So don't expect immediate results. The "soak" period also falls in the CONS category.4/ I must admit that the "Camera" is fairly decent. Having said that - I did not buy the phone because of the camera. If you need a camera - "you buy a camera". I am looking more into the "organizer" functionality. ("I-DON'T-have-to-attach-my laptop-to-my-butt-but-it-helps-if-handy) kinda' application.CONS:1/ The voice command works fairly well. The problem is that NOKIA has prerecorded commands from, I am sure, some terrific Finnish guy, who has a terrible Finnish accent (as far as English is concerned). That is easy to overcome, as far as Applications are concerned (you can override him with your voice), but I am yet to figure out how to change the preconceived notions, as far as "Contacts" are concerned - I cannot figure how to create a voice command to call my wife, unless I mimic the Finish guy's ideas as to how to pronounce a name.2/ The DTMF issue is a real problem. I do a lot of call card calls and conference calls. The phone has "Copy --> Paste" function, but this does not cut it. There MUST be a way to pre-program your call-in numbers, and log-in with 1-2 'clicks'.I do understand that "One" is not supposed to talk on the phone while driving, but this is "One's" decisions. By no means it is NOKIA's decision.3/ In order to access features there is a substantial time lapse between the moment the feature is activated ( you click) and the moment you can use the feature. I wonder why is that!?!WHO IS WATCHING?!? AND WHAT that "WHO" IS?The long "soak" frustrated me and invoked questions about the safe keeping of my privacyCONCLUSIONThis phone is an acquired taste ... or maybe Symbian is an acquired taste ... I don't know.It has potential, if NOKIA fixes the annoyances in the firmware - e.g. the voice command works fine, minus the Finnish accent. GPS works,AND people know how to make it work and what to expect. (SMS simply does not cut it).There is no way to convince me that this phone is user friendly. It simply is not. You can easily access the most basic features, but if you want to do something beyond basics - it is a nightmare.I am sorry, but I do not buy a "cheap" $340 phone, just to figure out how to make a phone call, or take a note, or make an appointment, or take a picture. I buy it to be able to do all of the above - EASY.And learning how to do that has to take place in "reasonable" time - say 1-2 hours. This is not the case. So far I have invested about 8 hours to figure out the some of the questions, that are most annoying. Probably it will take twice as much to figure the answers.How about an brand new idea! How about, a user guide that actually guides you?!? Or how about some useful webcasts, that would teach you how to use the phone features, without having to spend 7 days trying to figure them out !?! What a challenge !!!THE VERDICTI WILL KEEP the phone.I will keep it, simply because, based on my experience and judging by reviews about the competition, it is MORE acceptable.It is nowhere near to the iPhone, but that is another can of worms.I expect huge improvements from NOKIA on:1/ User interface2/ User manuals or instructions3/ Ease of use - functionality.All of the above can be fixed by software, so I am expecting the upgrades.Happy upgrading !!Enough said - 2-1/2 stars - FINAL !============++++++++++++++++++============LAST UPDATEThe headphones coming with the phone are AMAZING !!!Easily comparable to BOSE.I heard depth and breadth of music, that I hadn't experienced in a long time. (That is after I figured how to copy the music to the phone, and how to start it). Seriously - the sound from the headphones is exceptional !Maybe it is what it says "XpressMusic" - I will give to NOKIA that - Music is PERFECT !!! Much better than my wife's iPod !Still - 3 stars for the overall phone - MAX.Music on the headphones is excellent though!!The phone is an acquired taste ...

I have been using WM6 for 4 long years with T-mobile-Wing/MDA. I'm happy that's over! I was looking for an unlock Smartphone with some spunk. I found it!Here's my check list for the phone I wanted.................Good Sound and reception (It's a Nokia)Good video and audio (Smooth video,HQ audio and FM Radio to boot)No Contract for GPS (Get Garmin Software..awesome!)WiFi (AT-T-mobile make you pay extra $30 for there Smartphones 4 that)Good Camera/Video (Good outdoors/OK in doors)Flashlight (Free app. from Nokia Store)EZ touch screen navigation (Good touch on the screen)Great battery life... for a smartphoneHere the bad but not too bad..................OS is a little clunky (OLD Skool) I had a nokia 3650 that was nasty!In the WTF department...no alphabet letters on dialerI wish the USB hook-up to PC could charge the phoneNokia Suite software not that good. (There are 3rd party apps for that!)Other thoughts................Xpress vs. N85/N86Xpress has new operating system it's faster and is the future of NokiaXpress has a bigger screen and It's a touch screenN85 has a better looking OLED screen but smaller and no touch screenN85 has a much better camera for taking picturesN85 has more games and apps design for it.It my not be the Iphone Killer. But it is what I was looking for in a Cell Phone for 100s less. As for HTC I do not know. I gave them 2 chances and both were not that good in the long run. I'm back with Nokia and I can't be happier!

Phone is excellent, the only thing that made me kind of sad was that I cannot use the $50 amazon video card, because I'm in Costa Rica, and is only for USA usage.But ohter than that everything in the phone works perfect, a lot o fun with games and other aplications. I definitelly recommend the Nokia 5800.

the telephone arrives me under very good conditions (NEW SEALING IN ITS BOX) the excellent software works well in venezuela with the company movistar all its functions up-to-date mail, msn, facebook, wi-fi, everything very well, but what I don't find well is that not all the accessories were in the box I lack the tv cable and the base to place the telephone: (that hurtsNOTICES: the battery doesn't last but d 7 hours that is very bad!!

Excelente telefono. El software es bastante rapido y su sistema de sonido es de muy buena calidad. No tiene comparacion. La memoria de 8GB te da capacidad de almacenar una gran cantidad de canciones y la calidad de las fotografias de indudable. La camara secundaria te permite hacer llamadas en videoconferencias y ademas tomar fotografias y grabar videos de ti mismo. Las aplicaciones preinstaladas y las que puedes instalar hacen al Nokia 5800 una herramienta bastante util. Desde todo punto de vista este smartphone sirve tanto a jovenes como a ejecutivos.Lo negativo del aparato es que en algunas oportunidades el sistema se hace inestable y se hace necesario reinstalarlo. Esto dependiendo del uso que se le de.

I bought Nokia 5800 from Dell. The phone itself is wonderful. If you only need languages already installed on the phone (which are different for phones sold in different market), it indeed is a great alternative to iphone. However, if you need to use additional languages, don't buy Nokia. It wouldn't let you install any additional language packages. Quote from Nokia USA-FAQ: "Language packs made available on a Nokia phone is market dependant. As such a software / firmware upgrade will not allow the phone to support any additional features and language packs. If the phone does not have the language already installed then unfortunately you will not be able to use the language in the phone. Hence, phone that supports the Chinese language is only sold in China or countries where the language is mainly spoken." Had I knew this, I wouldn't buy a Nokia phone. This may well be my last Nokia phone.Nov.23, 2009 Update:If I can change my star rating, I would drop it to ONE star. The quality of the phone is poor. The custom service is even worse. My phone is broken in thirty some days. The phone won't power on. Before sending it to Nokia repair center, I tried to find a local Nokia care point. Couldn't find one online. Emailed Nokia about it, received totally irrelevant response with unwanted advice. The repair center mailed back my phone the same day it received it. The phone was in exactly the same condition after charging. In the letter came with the phone, they give me an no existing web site to flash my phone. I called the repair center explained my situation, the first agent said another agent will call me back in one hour. After four hours and 2 emails, still no response. I called again, the second agent asked their supervisor and told me that they will try to diagnosis the problem and call back in "24 business hours" (meaning three business days). They don't want me to ship back the useless phone right away. I asked for an extension number so I can call back if I don't hear from them after three more days. She offers none. To contact them, you just have to go through all the options to get a different agent every time.Dec.5, 2009 Update:My phone took second trip to Nokia repair center and came back still not working! I called three times since last Thursday,when I received my phone. Each time, their call center agent just telling me a specialist will call back within "24 to 40 business hours". How absurd! Why not just saying within a week? I was able to use this $300 phone for only four weeks and spend three weeks to repair this phone. Second time around, the letter came with the phone from the repair center is exactly the same, stating all they did was "software upgrade and phone reset". They totally ignore the problem I described with the phone. Does Nokia care center care about customers? I don't think so.

Good phone with some nice options. Nice touch screen, FM radio, GPS, Music player, cable to connect to PC to add Apps and games easily. Camera is OK, but not expecting much in a cell phone. Hopefully in the future manufacturers will address the camera quality since generally you carry this device everywhere.

It's my first 3g phone and I really like it, ease to use, good screen quality but the camera is not good.

I love this little Nokia 5800 phone. It's great. It has a better signal than my old phones. I love being able to get on the internet where ever I am without a computer (with added data plan to your phone plan). It's just a great little phone with everything built in. I've always liked Nokia phones but this is the best one I have used yet. Thanks Nokia.

I was very unsure about this phone when my husband ordered it for me because he is very well know ledged with technology.  I am not to say the least.  But everything on the phone is very user friendly and organized.  It just makes sense.  I love the touch screen. You know exactly what you want to enter, unlike the iphone that I found uncontrollable compared to this phone.  I really like it, everyone may not but I have had it over a month and it has been great.

I just got this phone a few days ago and have been very impressed. As other reviewers have said, its size is great to hold and use with one hand. I use on campus wi-fi mainly to check email. There may not be many apps for it right now, but that should change in the future as Nokia is shifting to this platform (S60 5th). Battery life is great and the music quality is top notch --it already replaced my old mp3 player. The screen is very responsive thanks to the new firmware, and I like the ability to use a stylus to draw/handwrite.At $300, the phone is a bargain for anyone wanting a wi-fi capable touchscreen phone. I hate to make this comparison but I think this trumps the iphone, especially in terms of cost and features. Note that the battery is user-replaceable (hence no paying $60 to have your battery replaced). It's also unlocked!The only slight letdown of the phone is its camera. Mediocre.

OK..to start, I gotta say that the FREE shipping from Amazon SUCKS. So, if you want good shipping, dont use the FREE shipping that Amazon offers. Why? Tracking is horrible, tracking history is completely inaccurate.(I used the nokia N82 before)IF YOU REALLY WANT TO BUY THE CELLPHONE, READ THIS REVIEW. I THINK IT WILL HELP A LOT. IT IS LONG, I KNOW.Moving on, the cellphone is good for the price. Come on, where will you get a 300$ cellphone that has all the functions that this one has? It is insane: 3.2 camera, touchscreen, more customizable than iphone, external memory, etc etc.Regarding the touchscreen...I think it is personal taste.. I never used the iphone, and I think that this touchscreen it is VERY responsive. AFTER buying this phone and getting used to it, I used a friend's Itouch and I gotta say that my nokia 5800 is the winner. But as I said, it is personal taste. Still, it is a very responsible touchscreen (no matter you say that it is a resistive touchscreen)..like, you got no excuse..it is responsive, and it is responsive. PERIOD.Good things about it:-Starting to have more apps...you just gotta know where to find, for FREE.-MACRO of the camera is awesome.-I got the GPS with turn by turn voice direction (trial), and it is a dream. I wont know when they take away my trial...however, with voice direction, this thing it is a real GPS.-The media button is pretty useful.-It is legit that it unlocks when you take it close to your face when you are talking.-Speakers are also awesome. Super loud. Sound quality when you plug in earpieces are also really nice.-I love the cable to plug it in to the tv. I convert videos, put it on my cellphone and lay on my bed, plug the cellphone into the tv and voila. It is REALLY nice.-About apps. Right now I have 42 but I only use maybe 8 of them lol.-The screen it is mega-clear. It is one of the best screens ive seen.The "so-so" of this phone:-Build quality. It is pretty well built, however the screen it is TOO plasticky. When I put it under the sun, the reflection shows a big difference in the surface, I mean..it is not completely flat. Using the reflection of light you will realize it is not completely flat. In other words, the screen presents big flex (like in laptops, for instance). However, the rest of the cellphone is well built. If you take out the screen part of the cellphone, it is a pretty solid cellphone.-The camera. I dont know. Sometime it takes great pictures, sometimes it stinks. When there is too much suns, it doesnt work well. When there isnt light, it also sucks. It has to have the right amount of light.-For some people it may be ok, but this is a freaken fingerprint magnet. only the back cover it is mate. The rest of the cellphone devours fingerprint as a dinasour.-Battery life it is not the best, but not the worst.The bad:-The interface it is not the friendliest. It could be better. I hope that with the update, it will be user friendlier.-The screen. As I said, it is too flexible. It kills me to see differences with the reflection of the light (you know what im saying if you have the cellphone). It makes me hella nervous.-Sometimes the phone in landscape mode, when you want to scroll down or up for example in some setting, it is freaking hard. I always keep tapping the wrong thing. in vertical mode this doesnt happen, because the scroll bar it is sticked to the right of the screen, so you dont have margin of error. however, in landscape mode the scroll bar is in the middle of the screen, so it gets tricky.-Honestly, the phone it isnt the best looking phone in the market. It is just a chunk of plastic. (This is for people that care about appearances. I personally dont care, but im trying to be objective)Ok, I think this is pretty much it. If you read this, you may decide whether to buy ir or not. I think it is a pretty good phone for the price. If you are RICH and money it is not your main problem, I would say go buy yourself a N97. Oppositely, I would say definitely go for this cellphone; I like it pretty much. You wont regret it (however, remember all the things I wrote in this review). If you are ok with the cons of this cellphone, you wont regret. And in my opinion, the Pro's overcome the Con's so... I dont know, it is your call!I hope this helped.

super long battery life, clean live sound from speakers, easy to use display and on-screen keyboard. Letter recognition works. Cons: no real keyboard.

Let me start by saying this is my second 5800 XpressMusic. I purchased it because I need to send my first 5800 (purchased direct from Nokia) in for service (one too many drops). I did not think I could go a couple of weeks without my phone so I bought another. I keep a Nokia N75 for backup but it was driving me crazy thinking I would have to use it for weeks; I use my phone way too much and have become quite addicted to the touch screen. I was having trouble making a purchase on the Nokia website so I decided to try Amazon. So far, I cannot complain, it was brand new, straight out of the box. Shipped on time and got it the day quoted on the site. Both of my phones work perfectly, though I have heard horror stories about the 5800 I cannot add to or corroborate them. I have only ever owned Nokia for myself but I have purchased other brands for family members and have heard more negative things about them than I have about Nokia. This phone does everything I want it to do and more. The only thing lacking in the phone I purchased here was no music stand, no $50 gift card from Amazon and no car charger. The original phone came with all three because they were promotional items for the first release of the phone. I would have loved the gift card but I can live without it, I still have the music stand from the first phone and do not really use it, and as for the car charger, I only need one. It is a great phone; then again, I am a huge fan of the Nokia brand. Nokia customer service is lacking but they usually hit the nail on the head with their phones. The 5800 is not too big and it is not too little, easy to navigate through shortcuts and menus. The camera is great and takes good pictures, the screen is gorgeous and looks nice when surfing the web. I have a 16 GB memory card so I have more than enough memory for whatever I want to store on it. My battery life is ok; I listen to music all day on stereo bluetooth, so I really give it a work out and have to keep it charged. The Nokia Ovi store has great apps and games to personalize your phone with, if you have not checked it out, you should.

I both this cellphone hear in Amazon, and when i looking for a PIN CODE in a box of product to active the promotion NOKIA COMES WHITH MUSIC for download 8000 musics on computer free, i can't. This code never come in a box, only cellphone, manual, charger and jack's phone (include ipod jack - surprise for me).I liked so much this cellphone, include beautiful disign, longer battery, widescreen quality and the functionally. Only negative point is the side's of video and photo, because i can't turn to right side to see a video, for exemple, it has only left side default.Somebody know how can I get this PIN code, or if is possible call to NOKIA USA to see that whith a serial number can active NOKIA COMES WHITH MUSIC? What is phone number?Waiting your opnion Friends,Maia, Vinicius

I was looking out for a phone with a integrated GPS and found this one for a reasonable price. But got completely disappointed when I started using the GPS. Here are some of my findings.1. The GPS takes long time to lock up, can be upto 5 minutes. This is definately too long.2. The user interface on the GPS is not user friendly. E.g. it won't even show the complete route for the destination. I have upgraded to the latest maps but that wasn't helpful either.3. Address serach is not reliable. Some time it works, some time it doesn't. This is for the same address, not even different one.4. Lot of time, it doesn't even show the route... GPS keeps stuck in the "calculating route" mode.So overall, this phone is not good as a GPS.... I won't recommend it.

This is a great phone for the price you pay, you may need some time to get used to the touch screen but after some hours you'll be ready to go.100% recommended!

Tried this touchscreen out and for those who say its better than Iphone...crazy! I had this first for 3 weeks and then bought the 3GS and there is no comparison.  Web browser, UI of the touchscreen, typing, apps all go to the iphone hands down.  The Nokia doesn't even have any sort of check spelling or word correcting on it....seriously.  And the screen would get caught in landscape mode and I would have to shake it vigoursly and then after 10 seconds or so it would rotate.  I added quickoffice to both and with it for the iphone I can store any pdf's, word, and excel files directly on my iphone and view and email anytime so there isn't a need for an sd card.  Being able to sync with itunes, which is what i use, is nice especially coming from the blackberry bold where it also synced effortlessly...on the nokia...yah..not even close.  If you want a simple small touchscreen then I guess its ok but for anything else the iphone or maybe one of the new android or htc's coming out would be the way to go.

I guess like most thing, this phone started out being a rock star! I loved the way it looked. I loved the sound and quality of the music and the ease of use between my PC and the phone itself. It came loaded with easy to use software. Not to mention, its kind of cool having a phone that is light years ahead of anything they even have in the AT&T store. I have always been a PDA kind of guy until this phone. This time, I wanted a little more fun phone. Something that was more music but, could handle my on the road demands of email and internet surfing. This phone did all of that...UNTIL! About eight months of having, I started to notice little thing. Like, it kept powering off with the lightest touch. This got so bad, I had to put a little piece of paper between the battery and the case to press it into place. Then, for about a month, I could not SEND text! I could get them, I could send email, I could send pic's, I could not send text. I am not hating on Nokia at all, I am just a little concerned. Would I not recommend Nokia, NO. They make great stuff. I just want people to know little things I have run across since I have had mine. I am very close to picking up the N97 now so, I am not done with them...although I will make sure the service contract is IRON CLAD this time!

For the price that i pay... the phone results very usefull...was a good choise for me

I bought this cell phone, and the box said it came with a 8Gb memory card, but it didn't came.I have write to amazon two times, no answers yet.

I bought this phone about a month ago and I'm glad to say I like it! I usually wait and use the product before writing any reviews. I am not a bot and neither was I paid to write this review. I'll sum it up for you.Pros:1) Looks nice! Yes it's a bit thick but it looks decent.2) Plays music well. I go online and listen to some cool online radio stations.3) At&t; 3.5G lets you access the internet at amazing speeds. You can even use it as a wifi hotspot and access internet from your laptop/pc.4) It automatically checks my email every 15-30 mins and notifies if theres a new mail. ( coolest feature for me )5) Call voice quality is great.6) Nokia maps and turn by turn navigation is amazing! If you have internet access enabled, GPS works pretty fast. If you don't have internet access it still works ( yes, even voice navigation works! ) but you have to manually download maps for the country/state/city where you are using your phone. Even google maps works great.7) Skype and youtube works great too!8) Main camera picture/video quality is decent. I won't say it's too good or too bad but personally its acceptable to me.9) At&t; medianet costs only $15/month. (optional)Cons:1) Touch screen is resistive. You need some time to get used to the touch screen.2) Software update issues- Yes, some updates like v50 are not available in my region. Personally, for me this is a downer because it means no kinetic scrolling in the main menu. Even when I bought an unlocked phone I can't update?!?3) Battery life is a real issue. If you use a lot of 3G it uses a lot of battery power and drains the battery. The phone heats up!So if you are a basic user who wants to upgrade, I think this phone is for you! I've used a lot of mobile phones and I think nokia makes good and sturdy handsets.Hope this helps.

buen vendedor el producto llego en buenas condiciones, lo recomiendo muy bonito cell y tiene buen precio pueden comprar con confianza

The cell phone has good looking, works fine and is nice. Battery performance is very poor.

I bought this phone brand new. If you are contemplating buying this phone on Ebay or God forbid brand new, please read.On paper, it looks good - GPS with free lifetime maps, FM Radio, Music Player, Wifi, etc.But what looks good on paper doesn't always cut it in the real world.Here are the Pros:* Good sound when playing MP3s* Camera has a flash and you can use that flash as a flashlight if you download a particular app* Wifi - so you don't need a data plan* Phone has good reception and call quality* You can download podcasts* Fm Radio built inHere are the Cons:* Horrible User Interface - the folks who created this UI should take tips from Apple IOS and Android - at least those OSes have a very good interface. The people who designed the UI on this phone should be whipped!* Sluggish - the most irritating con. Whatever processor they put in this thing is severely underpowered.* GPS works only half the time, and takes forever to acquire the signal. Not recommended as a permanent GPS solution.* Bulky* FM Radio does not have good reception. I can get maybe 1 or 2 stations in my area. My clock radio gets more stations than this thing! FM Radio almost unusable.* Not a lot of good apps* Camera pics are no good despite the Carl Zeiss lens and flash* Web browser is horrible* Whenever you plug in headphones or speakers, it always ask you what kind of Output such as - Lineout/Headphone/Speaker. Why does it do this? I dunno, but it's irritating.* Ugly layoutI thought I would be using this phone for years. But with the cumbersome UI and the cons listed above, it makes it a bother to use. What good is the GPS, FM Radio, camera if it is subpar? Not recommended.

Switched to this from an iPhone 3GS... its great. extremely customizable and costs less per month with an att data plan.

This smartphone may surprise you!!  The touchscreen is sensitive and is responsive to data input which I didn't expect for a resistive design.  Handwriting recognition works well and you can train it to your style.  Very fine resolution on the display with saturated colors.  Great WLAN (wifi) connections -- works better than my PC. 3.5G on AT&T;'s cellular network is rather fast.  Impressive loudspeakers on voice calls which is something I find valuable. Good sound quality on voice calls.  Loundspeakers also work in stereo for music playback. Have not fully tested GPS yet -- not sure how well it works.  'Net browser fully renders web pages including Flash animation. One feature that would have been nice is a trackball but you can swipe your finger to browse pages.  Very convenient size and weight - easy to handle and fit in pocket.One note:  As mentioned by another reviewer, you must setup messaging with AT&T;'s message center number in order to send SMS(unbranded phone).To say I'm satisfied would be a little understated.  Good job Nokia..!!

This is great for people who want a music phone, nice loud speaker and quality sound. If the only main feature you're looking is music then this is for you. I've had this phone for four years now and it holds up great.

This is my best cellphone ever. All the functions and applications are great, these are my favorites:- Wi-fi internet connection.- Qwerty/Tactil keyboard.- GPS and maps.- A lot of music and images storage capacity.If you want a cellphone but you don't want a Iphone, this is the one.

I'm surprised to see all the good reviews for this phone and I wish that there were more realistic reviews when I purchased it.I bought it for my husband, we wanted the Nokia 5800 navigation but wasn't available at that time and purchased 5800 Xpress Music in stead. He's been using it for about 6 months.PROS:Takes decent photos for a phone.CONS:Laggy OS, everything is slow about this phone;Drops calls, crashes often;Ovi Maps is a useless feature, you're better off using Google MapsYou can't schedule group or individual messages;Poor Nokia Customer Service;Poor battery life;Overall, not a good phone. Do yourself a favor and buy something else. There are better options within same price. I was a fan of Nokia until the smart phones, wishing they has a different operation system, Symbian is just outdated and a waste of time.

This is my second one the same kind of cellphone. I was happy with the first one but it was destroyed, so I decided to get the same kind again. But unfortunately this one is not the same. I'm not happy now at all. I have problem to make a call to a numbers where is the computer asistance that inquires you to enter some number or pasword (for example for voice-mail). I can press no number because the keyboard is always getting black and I HARDLY can keep it lighting up at least for the little moment I could press the number. It is just fleshing again and again. And if I am accidently successful and I can press the number I was required to - nothing happen. It is not working. I'm required to do that again and again and again. I'm really loosing my temper with that. I am gonna to send it back. I don't want a cellphone like this one is.

Well the nokia 5800 is a really nice phone, great price at amazon as always, a bit on the chubby side, but is very easy to use. Great feautures for the price

I had did my research when I was purchasing. When I purchased the nokia 5800 I was surprised that the shipping was so fast. I didn't like the tracking system it wasn't very accurate but it did come on schedule. That's all that really matters. THe phone itself is great. I bought it mostly for the music player, but I love every aspect of the phone. I'm a big texter and this phone is great for texting. The camera is great. I had the e71 before this one and by far I love this one.

Cell phones are so 1999! Nowadays everyone uses a pager or writes letters to see what their friends are up to.

i buy this phone bcos i want to use it as phone and i-pod like i-phone, i use t-mobile service which is far cheap than at&t;'s i-phone service..now i already use this phone for more than a month..first what i like about the phone1 it has 3.5mm audio jack where i can connect any speakers to use it as mp3 music player its at top like i pod.2 8gb memory card enough to hold your likable 100 songs,10-15 videos and 1 movie in it.like i have in it.3 sreen display quality is good.video quality is also real good4 wifi is good. and browser also good loads all kind of web pages.it dont play flash videos..big no no for me..5 gps also work great..its capable of giving your exact location when you are on road... i load whole Texas(us) maps on it and it takes 200 mb of my space..but if you have web connection on phone go with google maps application. nokia's ovi maps are far behind google. for usa ovi maps dont works great i dont know about eurore or asia..6 desktop shortcuts are good but we need more than 4.7 calender,clock aplications are good.8 camera flash is bright i load torch software on phone and i can use it as torch  also.dont like abou the phone..1 cheap plastic body of phone.dont robost as nokia phones..shaking body.2 camera picture quality is too bad.. it is 3.2mp only to take space consuming pics.. clarity of pics is too bad and there little color difference in pics too..picture quality is little better when outside under sun.camera really disappoint you.3 not easy to access the  lists like phonebook. you have to scroll by using side scroll bar. you dont scroll the list from contacts like in i phone. and there is no up-down buttons on phone.if you have long list of cantacts like 150 and you want to scroll from scrollbar.you are unable to stop on contact you want from scrollbar it run too fast.(long list same scrollbar).4 when you have to dial the number in between of call like-->slect 1 for english 2for spanish -->some time it dont take your input value..i remember lot of times teller machine told to "hung up and try again".bcos it dont get the input from me..5 no security for data.. anybody in your family or friend can access you photos,videos,masseges etc there is not even a simple pasword securiy on phone.. pin number only works when you restart the phone.6 screen unlock key is provided at the side of phone.which is sliding one i dont think this key lasts long time.because every time i have to use the ihave to use that key..even to look for time.. in i-phone u can unlock phone from screen itself and in samsung touch phones this key is push button key not the sliding key.7 no outside music controls like pause/play,next.you have to unlock the phone for pausing or selecting new song.8 data cable provided with phone is too small.i have to buy aconnector for it to increase the length.otherwise your phone is hanging on desktop.9 audio quality when you use the headphones is not impressive even my 20$ 2gb mp3 player has better sound quality.even with higest volume and full bass you dont feel your head shaking.its just your hearing songs on it.without quality sound.8 3.2 inch screen size..its big but its not like i-phone i-phone's 3.5 inch has square kind of size.but 5800 if too long lengthwise and too short with wise.many time i think of returning the phone.. but i dont find any other phone in market which fulfill my reqirements.. i dont want to carry ipod and phone(two gadgets).i dont want to pay 100$ a month for i-phone AT&T.;  and nokia 5800 for only $299.think its good deal.. this phone needs a lot small changes..

good phone, lots of stuff on it to keep you busy. speakers are good quality, and it has 3g. you cant go wrong for the price of a touchscreen 3g phone. sound quality is good, but the reason i gave it a 4 and not a five is that its hard to text from. i do reccomend buying this product.

Don't know about an iPhone-killer, but it has to come close.It's true, iPhone users probablly have an app for anything they need to do, something this phone still doesn't offer, but at hardware level, features and compatibility, the Nokia XM5800 wipes the floor with the iPhone.It does have its tiny glitches/annoyances, but every product in the world has them as well.Pros:- can't believe some people are calling the GUI non-user friendly. It's far better than buttons. Just touch what you want to do.- This phone is very responsive. Nokia has always proved that the S60 based OS used on higher-end phones does not need high horsepower. If you feel your phone sluggish, check for open apps... they do NOT close by clicking the red "End" button anymore... go to Options-Exit.- the full sized QWERTY on screen keyboard is great, but some people will still preffer the standard predictive text input.- Finally, a phone I can hear across my house when someone is calling... music is pretty loud at max volume, and not distorted. Great stereo speakers.- Included 8GB microSD card. Nice.Cons:- as stated, the screen tends to flip "accidentally" from time to time. It's annoying, but can be tweaked under configuration, to have it be less sensible.- Contacts screen. You have to "Enter" a contact to see their phone number. My prior S40 based Nokia phone had them right there on the list. When adding contacts to a SMS it does NOT show the phone # you're using.- Gallery. Can't sort content very well, mixing videos and pictures together. Separting those two woul've been a good idea.- Included web browser is horrible, but you can get Opera for it, and that works very well.- the attack of the inmortal fingerprints!Most Cons can be fixed with alternate apps, or later on they should be easy to fix with firmware updates, so you never know. They're just slight glitches on a still very new phone.Don't be another iPhone users who swear by it just because it's a fashion icon. Get something that REALLY works as a complete phone.

Ever since I have used smart phones, nokia and symbian s60 has been my favorites, my last two phones being the n95-3 and the e71.  I was hoping to hold out until the n97 but decided to give the 5800 a try.The phone itself is built very solidly for a midrange phone, there's no worry about dropping it and having it break on you, the screen is also very nice, this may not be the slimmest phone out there but it feels very comfortable in your hand, and the resolution looks amazing.  I have a minor concern with the battery cover, it seems like it was more of an afterthought in the design of the device, there is no buttons or latches to secure it, just a few tabs that u click it into...I hope this doesn't break on me quickly.....but I don't see a need to be removing the cover very often, as the memory card and SIM card are inserted through the side, meaning this phone can have its memory cards switched very easily.The user interface seems like a quick and dirty job, it is basically the s60 v3 operating system with some bigger icons to make selection by touch a little easier. Not a major overhaul on the operating system basically everything looks the same as previous nokia smart phones, the camera, video, and music interfaces could have made better use of finger controls in my opinion.Another major concern that hopefully will be alleviated soon is the lack of third party apps, I'm assuming this operating system is still an infant and over time developers will start adapting their existing apps to use on touch devices.Handwriting recognition is my favorite input methods, although the full screen QWERTY comes in a close second.  The t9 keypad works great for one handed operations, and the mini QWERTY keyboard is a joke.I was disappointed to see that the US version does not ship with an extra stylus, NOR DOES IT HAVE A CARRYING CASE.

I love music and photography, so this phone was MADE for me.  The music function is absolutely the best, and the camera has great resolution (3.2 megapixel).  Storage capacity is also great, especially with the included 4GB micro card.  Overall, it works great and, even though this is my first touch-screen phone, I find it intuitive enough to easily figure out what I want to do.

Had this cell phone for almost a year now, and I'm very satisfied with it!  It does all the multi-media requirements that I want:  MP3 music, videos at 640x360 resolution, GPS, Carl Zeiss Camera lens with flash, 16GB flash space, multi-tasking with open applications, and not to mention the call clarity when using voice calls!  Texting is also a breeze - just use the on-screen QWERTY keyboard for SMS or Email messages.  This phone was also featured in the Dark Knight movie when they were in Hong Kong.  Simply amazing!

plus:for the price has good featuresworks mostly finegood receptioncons:slow response timeno "alphabet" on dial pad view (hard to call for ex. 800-something kind of numbers)not acceptable:ON/OFF key stopped working so practically my phone is dead only in 12 monthsoften gets stock in vertical view (view does not flip by rotating the phone)

Within 2 weeks it locked up and had to be sent back to repair. Texting difficult and can't see both sides of conversation. There is not many apps, and cannot put windows mobile on it. Phone calls very good, MP3 player good, would have liked to see the texting and apps to be much more user friendly. Amazon is a great company to work with have never had a bit of trouble.

I just purchases a Nokia 5800 from Amazon.  One of the first things I tried was to connect to my wireless network.  I have never had a problem connecting to my wireless network with laptops, printer, and my son's iTouch.  Every time I try to connect to the network the phone says I'm connected but when I try to browse a website I receive the message "No Gateway Reply".  After spending several hours trying to figure out the issue I contacted the Nokia helpdesk and they said the phone has issues connecting to Wifi.  They sent me a shipping label to have the 5800 sent to their repair facility in Alabama.  I packaged up the phone and sent it in for repair.A week later the 5800 came back with a note that they did a "Software Upgrade and Phone Reset".  I turned on the phone and connected to my wireless network and then as soon as I tried to open a web page I received the "No gateway reply" message again.  I called the Nokia helpdesk again and they said they didn't have any record of my phone, Grrr. I gave them the serial number and finally they figured out that the phone had been sent in for repair.  I asked the Nokia support person what they were going to do and she said she would escalate to some other group and that they would get back to me in the next 48 working hours - whatever that means.I am very disappointed with this phone and company.

Ovi Maps can not be used on the Nokia 5800 as a free standing navigation system (offline mode), yet Nokia's press releases and Amazon's advertisement seem to suggest that it is possible. In real life, to be able to use the phone as a GPS device independent of the service network is very important because there are times networks are overloaded - usually happen at the most inconvenient instances. I hope Nokia will provide a fix.

I don't think you can realistically get a more capable phone for the money than the Nokia 5800.  Functionally, it's not much different than the N97 mini.  Now, of course the materials and fit and finish are different, but the underlying software is VERY similar.  Other than the home screen widgets, it's running essentially the same version of S60 5th Edition.If you're looking for an economical unlocked phone with lots of features, I highly recommend the 5800.--Matt

I purchased this phone from amazon leaving dell though the price is less in Dell, bcos i believe and had good past experiences with Amazon.Unfortunately for the first time i got this  phone delivered very late and right from the first day i have seen lines comming up on display screen and with in couple of days they r showing up a lot. I have checked with Amazon for exchange and due to unavailability of stock, Amazon has returned back my money.The return policy was quick enough.

Although it is not perfect, i'll give it five stars since it's one of the most complete cellphones in the market, specially considering the price.I'm pretty sure Nokia will improve the touchscreen sensibility for newer versions, since this aspect is the most relevant con if you compare it with a few competitors that perform greatly in this area. Also, if it were a bit slimmer, it would be more appealing to iPhone consumers.I think the Nokia 5800 meets almost all the worldwide communication market demands on a cellphone: Good call performance (voice and video), 3G browsing capability, WiFi, expandable SD capacity (up to 16Gb), decent camera for picture and video recording, really nice and versatile multi-format audio and video player, and a great sinergy-friendly operative system. Good enough to have no reason to put up with iPhone flaws.Although Nokia has a task to take this model to perfection in next versions, it already is a winning contender in the fully-charged multimedia phones.I highly recommend it to bowsing-tuneplaying-webchatting fans.However, not so much for online office-tool use. This not an item to change your Blackberry for.

I bought this cell as a present for my father.It has a lot of nice features and the build quality is the standar expected one for a plastic cell phone.However, it has several things that just aren't right, let me explain:The cell phone JAMS for no particular reason, having to restart ir at least 2 times in a single day. Sometimes it doesn't responds to the power button so you have to take the battery off in order to restart the thing.GPS capabilities although nice, is too slow to get the satelites.Good reception, battery life and in call quality.Nokia should be more responsible for the products released under its name. This is not an isolated issue... I've met around 10 people with the same mistake or even worse.

This is one of the best phones I've had. Most of the applications can be downloaded for free from Nokia, the ovi store. You can even download Office(that is not free) and edit/save documents. I had never had any calls dropped with this phone.The GPS is one of the applications I use the most and it works great, even when I'm inside the house. The GPS has never failed to me, even in places where there is no phone signal. For those of you complaining about the phone not ringing, you have to check the updates from time to time. Once the updates are installed, the problem is fixed.  The camera is not the best, but hey it is a phone, if I want quality pictures I can use my regular camera.  I like the flash option thought, not all the phones have it.The touchscreen is very responsive, in the vertical and horizontal direction, and scrolling up or down is no problem on this phone.The best part is that I didnt have to pay $$$ to get a phone/mini computer that does everything I want.

I've only had my phone for a couple of days, but it is FANTASTIC.  For someone new to smartphone technology, it was a very easy transition.  I toyed around between the iPhone and the Nokia 5800 and Nokia won out.  While the iPhone is a really great product, Nokia had features that it didn't have.  For one, the Nokia 5800 is capable of recording video and sending MMS - something the iPhone does not do.  It's great because you can switch out the memory cards (and EASILY) where as the iPhone is either 8GB or 16GB, no changing memory cards if you want to.  The music quality is fantastic on the phone and I think the touch is really great.  Picture quality is also better than the iPhone and the resolution is beautiful. I also love how there are so many shortcuts on the phone!  I also love the side-locking feature. It's quick and easy to lock the phone so you don't have to worry about accidentally pressing buttons. Basically...this phone is fantastic especially price-wise!!!

This phone was a great value. Overall, I feel it has the potential to be better than the iPhone or any other touch screen phone on the market today. The phone does, however, have a few drawbacks. For one, the phone does not have multi-touch. It has been demonstrated that the Nokia 5800 can utilize multi-touch and maybe we will see it in future Symbian OS releases, but that is one thing that is currently lacking. Additionally, there is limited application support for the new S60 5th edition. I have looked long and hard and found very few applications that are compatible. This will, of course, change in the future as more developers start work on this new OS but right now that is another major drawback. Aside from that, however, the phone is light, has very high screen resolution and has a built in accelerometer. It comes with an 8gb microSD card so you never run out of space for music and videos, and it has 3G and wi-fi so you're always connected at the speed of technology. The Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is a great value that will hopefully get even better with time.

I've had this phone only for a few days now but what a great smartphone! It's actually smaller than an Iphone and has tons of features that actually work. I owned a couple different phones over the last year and I am definitely going to stick with this one for quite awhile. My previous phones were the RAZR V3t which I ended up giving to my wife and my Cect I9+ which is an Iclone but performance-wise is an okay smartphone at best.I wanted a new smartphone not only to replace my cell but to also replace my aging Dell X50v Pocket PC. I feel like this smartphone helps me accomplish those goals. It's pretty fast when it comes to input and using applications. It could be a little faster when switching from portrait to landscape mode. Inputting text with the full QWERTY touch keyboard is pretty fast and easy. Of course you can use the stylus too for writing text as well but I prefer the touch keyboard. I don't have a data plan but I do have a home WiFi network and Wifi at work also. The 5800 found the Wifi signals from home and work easily and once logged into them it's like surfing the web on your home PC except on a much smaller screen! Facebook, Youtube and other websites work and look great on this phone's screen which does pick up a lot of fingerprints but doesn't bother me too much...I'm getting a screen protector and case anyway. Call quality is also very good and the speakers sound really good on calls and when playing music. An 8gb microSD card is already preinstalled and you can expand the memory upto a 16gb microSD. There are a few preloaded apps, games, vids and music. The games are pretty cool--not surprising, remember the N-Gage made by Nokia? A one press media button (located above the screen) pops a menu on the screen for you to quickly select any media you want to access (pics, MP3s, vids, etc.). There are actually 2 cameras--one on the front above the screen can be used for tele-video calls kind of like a web cam. The main camera is a 3.2 megapixel camera with built-in flash which is located on the back used to take digital pics and video. It does a good job good for taking quick snaps when a digital cam is not around but would not replace a higher resolution compact. Pics can be grainy especially indoors and in low-light situations but the flash does help. Recording video is also okay but will not replace a good camcorder.I am contracted with T-mobile as my carrier which this phone is compatible with. I went to several reputable websites (CNET/Gizmodo/Amazon) to compare the ratings on several smartphones. The ones that are getting the most buzz are of course the Iphone, Blackberry Storm, Palm Pre and HTC Magic (soon to be the T-mobile G2). Unfortunately, the Nokia 5800 is kind of under the radar...most likely due to lack of marketing and not being attached to a large carrier like those smartphones are. If you are looking into the smartphone market you should seriously give this one a look at. After looking at reviews and pricing my final selections came down to the 5800 and the HTC touch Diamond/Pro. The HTC Diamond has Windows Mobile 6.1 which I'm used to since I have Windows Mobile (older version) on my Pocket PC while the 5800 does not...But the 5800 has a bigger screen than the Touch Diamond. Most of the other features are the same for both phones. Both are also priced reasonably well for a smartphones of their calibre but the 5800 is a bit less expensive. I've also played around with a family member's Iphone 3G which is also a great smartphone but to get an unlocked version for T-mobile would have costed over $350+ via Ebay. That goes for the other top smartphones. Although I am with T-mobile I wanted to wait for reviews on the G2 which has not been officially released yet in the U.S. The G1 is also a nice phone but I would've had to wait until the end of the year to get my upgrade discount ($400 if bought without the discount). I got the unlocked Nokia for under $250 through Dell with EPP discount, free shipping and a $50 rebate that is available right now. Great value for such a fab smartphone.Some other things worthy of notice are the 5800's neat little phone stand that comes with the package. It lets you prop your phone up on a flat surface so you can watch your videos comfortably. There's also a AV cable (RCA output) so you can watch your videos on TV, headphones and built in GPS (sorry not tested yet but other reviewers say it works well). Definitely overall a wonderful smartphone in nice compact design...highly recommended by this reviewer!

Great phone, had fun with it, ended up selling it for an iphone, gotta have the apps. :)3 out of 5 stars from me

This has to be the best phone that i have ever had. For a long time it seemed like Nokia was getting left behind, but they have steped up their game. I wanted a new phone and i was going to get an iphone but then i saw this and how much the iphone fanboys hate it (LOL). Im glad i got the nokia 5800, i got all the good things the iphone has and more.Pros:1. great battery life.2. wonderful screen.3. lots of options.4. lots of apps u can get for it.5. flash works with it.6. text, pic, and video messaging.7. 3.2mp camera.8. perfect call quality. (at least on at&t;)Cons:1. the only one i could really find, was that the touch was a little to sensitive at first. that was soon fixed just by tweaking the settings.Overall this is a must buy for those people that want a smart phone with out changing your plan. This phone has plenty of room to grow with updates and new apps that u can get from the OVI store and 3rd party.

I bought this phone in November 2009 and absolutely loved it. It worked great.... I loved the camera, the touch screen, the long battery life, and even the qwerty keyboard. In June 2010 it started having some serious problems. If I ever had the screen unlocked, the phone opened either my call log or contacts and dialed the first number on the list without even being touched. While it was doing this, I couldn't even end the call before it was repeating the process again. One night when I forgot to lock the screen, I overslept because my phone alarm didn't go off-- the phone (which had previously been good for 6 days without recharging) had died because it called my best friend 42 times that night and left 4 long voicemails while I was asleep. Not to mention, if I ever had the screen unlocked while I made a legitimate call, it would often put the person I was talking to on hold, open the call log, and attempt to call that person again. Text messaging proved to be impossible, as the phone often sent an unfinished message while I was typing it, opened the call log, and called the first person on the list. In short, my phone became miserable to use.I sent it back to Nokia after attempting several factory resets and software upgrades (which was a task in itself because I had to have the screen unlocked-- which caused problems as mentioned above). They were "not able to duplicate my problem," which is odd, because this started happening within 5 minutes of the phone being on and wouldn't stop until it was shut off. They claimed to run some diagnostic tests on it, which uncovered some hardware failures. These were resolved and the phone was sent back to me. When the phone was returned-- lo and behold-- the same problem occurred. I've gone two weeks without a phone in the hopes of getting mine fixed, and now it looks as if I'll either have to repeat the process a couple more times or get a new phone. But rest assured, it will not be a XpressMusic 5800.

Nice phone, if I ever get to use it.  I just got mine today from Amazon.  The box was not sealed.  When I open it, I was missing the quick start guide, the Nokia brochures, and the $50 Amazon coupon for video downloads.  After waiting 40 minutes to speak with a representative, I was told that since the coupon was not listed on the website, they are not responsible for it.  So if you want an open box (sounds like a refurbishment to me) and chance not getting the $50 coupon, order from Amazon.  Who knows, you might just get the one I just returned.The one star is for the Amazon experience and not so much the phone.

It is overall a great product.The signal is strong, the free GPS is great, the camera is excellent.The touchscreen keyboard is okay for me (small finger tips) but quite inconvenient for my husband. The screen rotation is slow sometimes.One stupid thing is there is no alphanumeric dialer. So when I try to dial a phone number given in the letter format, I have to decipher it by myself.

I bought the Nokia 5800 from the Dell website for $220 plus taxes, in July 2009. I ordered the silicon case & screen protectors from Amazon.I'm very happy with the phone! I use it for phone calls, texting & quick photos where I'm too lazy to get my camera out of the box. The camera has a "flash" feature! I love the handwriting facility with the stylus & the haptic feedback. Conversation quality is great & the phone is very user friendly. I have no problems with the battery life (though I charge my phones daily out of habit).I would have liked to have more than 4 images on the "desktop" for quick dialling. The option for video call is a nuisance, though you can avoid it by touching the phone icon from the contacts UI.At this price, its one of the best phones! It has sold more than 6.8 million units globally. Before I bought the phone, I read the user reviews on various sites. This is definitely a great phone for people who want a touch screen phone for regular use. I haven't spend much time surfing the net or testing apps because thats not how I want to use my cell phone currently.Unlike the iPhone, this phone has haptic feedback, good battery & it lets you add memory cards. It is also greater value for money.

The only one thing I would say about this product is Nokia products are all awesome...especially the 5800 XpressMusic that I have been using. I enjoy it every much..it helps me organize the works, arrange the time for school, relax and be entertained by all the funtions that this product have provided for me. Nokia XpressMusic is the one subject that I always bring along with me every day from now.

Nokia product is getting worst.  the ring tones play in music player.  nothing change.  need more improvement.  the product is made from china.  5 stars is for low iq people.

This is a good phone but it has one MAJOR problem for our situation -- you cannot text thru wi-fi.  You can only send and receive texts if you are in a service area.  We live in a dead zone and wi-fi is our only option unless we drive 10 miles to town where there is t-mobile service (or any service for that matter).  We assumed that if the phone will do internet and email through wi-fi, it would also send and receive text.  That is not the case.  We have an older Samsung phone that will text throuh wi-fi but Nokia tech support says that Nokia does not have a feature to text thru wi-fi on any of their phones.  Otherwise, the phone was very good -- lots of stuff for the price and the GPS works when you aren't in a service area.  So if the text/wi-fi issue isn't a problem for your situation, I would recommend it.

Phone died in two weeks.  Return to Amazon.  They are always prompt and customer service oriented.

****Please note I'm reviewing the United States version of this phone. I'm happy for every 5800 owner in another country who no longer has to deal with the issues I'm about to address below. As far as I'm aware at the time of this writing the US has not had the firmware support you have had and so these issues still remain in this country with this phone.****The positives: Good music player, very lightweight, expandable memory, no contract necessary, can run multiple apps at once.The negatives: Resistive touch not desirable and imprecise. Navigating menus/functions is more difficult/time consuming than it needs to be on a mobile device. Camera is terrible. Battery life was sketchy (good some days, terrible on other days). Looks like a kids toy or candy dispenser.The unacceptable: I have to say that I'm very surprised by the number of people who review this phone very positively on Amazon and elsewhere and yet seem to report the same problems I had when I owned this phone. Dropped calls, dropped internet connection, dropped GPS, frequent locking/freezing which requires the battery to be removed then reinserted. I had all these issues, constantly. I cannot imagine how anyone finds this acceptable and is glad to own a phone that you can't rely on.Contacting Nokia for support was a mixed bag. Nice CSR on the phone, but the only suggestion was to send in for a replacement. I've seen enough of these reported problems to believe it's not just a few bad phones out there. This seems to be a systemic problem. Suffice it to say I returned this phone on day 29 for a full refund.Those interested in touch screen mobile devices would be better served by looking elsewhere. The Droid and of course Iphone come to mind. Nokia needs to prove they've got a handle on this technology before they should be trusted with your time and money.

I really like this cell, I at the beginning I had a couple of issues with it but I did an upgrade to the latest software version and everything started to work great, it is really fast browsing and downloading stuff, I will rate this product with an "EXCELLENT".

Excelente la calidad del producto, exactamente el que queria,  fueron responsables en la entrega del mismo, los recomiendo a comprar porque estoy satisfecha con la compra

This is a great cell phone love it, for me this smart Touch screen Phone better than I phone

I have owned this phone for a few months now and it generally works OK. I like the touch screen system and the screen resolution is good. the screen size is nice and large so you can clearly see whats happening. It comes with a memory card with sufficient capacity (7.6GB) for my needs. I have also used the WiFi capability to surf internet via wireless networks and it works fine.Unfortunately there are a few things I do not like:1) The phones battery life is poor and unpredictable!!!-even after you shut off Bluetooth and wireless scanning.2) Nokia ovi stopped working all of a sudden.3) The phone's volume is very low (Xpressmusic??). I could use my previous phone as an alarm but not this one.4) Forget about trying to take photos in less than perfect lighting- they will look grainy.5) The GPS works -but it takes rather long to get a position and the altitude accuracy is always terrible.6) if you access the touch screen dialer from main menu- you only get a numeric keypad not an alphanumeric (normal) one.

I Got this Phone yesterday and i`m returning it.The phone is just OK. and the sound Quality is the worst ever.It does not  worth the high price.I Cant Recommend this Phone.And I`ve had bad times with Nokia Phones.UPDATE:Before you buy this phone, Google, Create New Server Profile Nokia 5800.This is a Common Problem, And Nokia Has no Answer For this.

The radio & music app's are what's good about this phone.Cons: web browser crashes often & hangs when opening pages. Copy & paste does not work in the browser. So if you are filling out a web form, you'd better fill it out quick. If the browser crashes before you're done, you lose all your work.In order to open or view Word or Adobe PDF files, u have to pay aroun $50 to a third party software company. And not many app's run on the 5800 because it's OS is so new.Nokia firmware may fix some of these bugs. But Nokia Support has not released the latest firmware update for this phone in the US. And they do not reply to emails on time.

excellent product .. I arrive in good condition and works perfectly ... and came with all accessories .. I recommend

I love this phone.  I can see why Europe is trying to make it the number 1 cellphone ever.  The simple one-button set-up wizard and one-button update applications are amazing, as well as all of the extras, free software, etc., etc.

After two months of little use, this products decides to shut down when ever it wants to. I mainly use it for the music player purpose and that is when it wants to shut off repeatedly. I have tried all the recommendations in the manual to reset it but it has actually gotten worse. It "was" a nice phone with GPS and music player features but it seems only Apple and Motorola can make phones that last over three months!!!

This is a simple intuitive phone to use. The touchscreen is very responsive. The display is absolutely gorgeous. Web browsing is a tremendous experience if you use Operamini 5. Call quality is very clear. I could not ask for better reception. The Music player is good. The phone feels very solid and firm in my hand. The battery is not as strong as my N79 or N78, but it lasts a day, with very heavy web browsing (3-4 hours). That's probably due to the touchscreen. Videos play very well. Again, picture quality is magnificent.This is a very powerful phone that takes time to learn and get the most out of. So, be patient and read the manual. I say this because there are more things you can do with this phone than you can imagine. At the current price this phone is a bargain. It feels a little heavy, especially when one is lying in bed, surfing the web, but not excessively so. I'm an entrepreneur, so I use this phone for business and for my own personal entertainment. Bluetooth works fine. From reading some of the negative reviews here, I think some people have not taken the time to learn how to operate this phone. I can't compare the touchscreen to Apple because I have never owned an Apple product. But I can say unequivocally that the touchscreen on the 5800 works extremely well. Some apps require a single touch, others require a double touch. After a while, it comes natural what to do. After owning a N78 and N79, I can say the touchscreen is a big improvement over a physical keypad with buttons.After using this touchscreen, I'm not sure if I can ever go back and embrace a more traditional phone again.

Within two days phone started to die on us. Would shut off after being fully charged. Returned it in a week. Would not recommend this phone.

I read the reviews on this phone before i made my purchase. The good reviews out weighed the bad so I went ahead. This phone is power packed. It has so many faetures that I have not even begun to venture into. So far it's working well. The only thing is, I cannot see the name or number of callers. This is a real peeve. I have been advised by my network that I need to take it to their office and they have to do something on it. Hope that sorts it out. It's really annoying right now not knowing. My other problem too is the sensitivity of the touch seems to be on and off. Sometimes delicately touching will set the phone in motion and at other times, you have to probe real hard. Still getting to know my new best friend though...

I ordered this phone because I had an older model XpressMusic phone and loved it!  This phone has taken me some time to get use to, but over all I really like it.  I love that I can use the touch screen without taking off my gloves or just use my fingernail!  I also love the hand writing option and the alphanumeric options for texting as well as the full keyboard.  I still text faster the ol'school way using the predictive text and the alphanumeric pad!  I don't like that some of the basic features that were on my older version are not on the newer model, for example the cooking timer and the most recently used contacts option for texting.  I also don't like the alarm clock.  It works fine, but the old one didn't vibrate for the alarm and this one does.  It vibrates right off the night stand and scares me every morning.  So, I have created a special ringing profile so that it doesn't vibrate at all.  I just have to remember to switch to that profile before going to sleep!  Also, since this is my first internet type phone, I have to charge it twice as often than my old one, but I am told that is normal.All in all, I am still learning my new phone, but I like it!

I have had this phone for several months.  I bought the unlocked version because I travel a lot and wanted to be able to buy sim cards in various countries.I have found the phone to be extremely powerful with a vast array of features.  The touch screen took some getting used to and I found the interface difficult at first.  But now I can navigate without any problem.  The user manual and "help" is essentially useless, but I have figured most things out just fine.  I had trouble sending texts initially, but after going through some fixes on the Nokia user forum I got that solved (it had to do with message center settings).One of my favorite features is the music player.  It has freed me from my iPod.  Uploading and playing music is easy and intuitive.  The camera is nice but I don't ask much of it.  The GPS feature is really cool but it takes a long time to find satellites.  It's only really useful if you're in network range although you can get a GPS fix when out of range.  If you leave the GPS function running by accident though it seems to drain the battery quickly.  Speaking of the battery though, I've found the battery to last quite a long time otherwise though. Several days with normal phone use and music playing.  The computer interface is easy.One other minor negative is that it seems the screen can be scratched easily.  Be careful.I'd definitely buy this phone again and recommend it to others who are not afraid of solving minor tech issues.

I have been using the phone about a month now.  Everything is good except for the battery.  It's never given me any warning, just shut the phone off when the battery is out.  The volume is very limited comparing with other type of phone from Nokia.  I like the Nokia N95 NAM version that I had before, the battery life was longer,and the sound was much better.  I paid only $240 for the Nokia 5800 comparing with $600 for the N95, so I should not complain.

The phone is a fine one. You can buy this product if you are looking for a nice phone. Do not get this product if you hope to have a good navigator. It cannot find GPS satellites and is basically useless. The earlier versions of Nokia phones with GPS were excellent. I wanted to get a new generation phone with a built in GPS but ended up disappointed.

Functionality is very excellent and useful (multiple alarms, wife, touch-screen) but I have twice experienced that after charging overnight, the next day the unit will get very, very warm and will just die. Returned it for safety reason.

A really great phone. There is a new firmware out that makes it faster and touch sensitivity better but it is not yet available for US phone. Keep looking for it. If you want to buy a larger 16GB card, make sure it is class 4 or 6. Class 2 cards do not seem to work. The OVI app store has new apps almost every week. Check it often.

A good phone with many functions that I like. GPS is free and I can download whole world map on it. Used for a few times, surprisingly good. The only downside is locking GPS taks 2-3 minutes. Touch screen works well.The biggest disappointment is that you can NOT make it to support other languages. In my case I want it to support Chinese, if you buy this phone from US, you are out of luck. The firmware that you can install is tied with country code of phone. You can find some hacked firmware on internet, but you void your warranty. I travel to China a lot, that means I can't use it there. For people have similar needs, buy this phone from China local store.

So far it's an OK phone. I expected it to be more responsive to touch. Not even close to I-Touch(very smooth). Another problem I ran into: the alarm would ring everyday even though I edited it to ring on certain days. One thing I really like is Wi-Fi. Just think about Verizon and AT&T announcing raising prices on data plans for heavy data users. This phone will save you tons of money! All applications that require data access can be set to use Wi-Fi! I'm still looking for applications that would work on this phone, free and fit me, like security(everyone is a trial), sports news(found only AP News Mobile), games that are user friendly. Overall it's a good phone. and the best thing about it-it's unlocked!

Excellent device for a good price. You can have all the right solutions in your hand, such as internet navigation, email and multimedia. Easy to use, easy to install new and cool applications like GPS maps and games. Better than Iphone, and trust me, I'm a true Mac user.Cool design, small and light weight. The 8Gb microSD card it's perfect to store data, music and videos, but if you need more space you can upgrade it with a 16GB card.

OK.  To start, this phone was great.  Everything worked as advertised and I just loved it.  I bought this in August of 2009 and in July of 2010 it just started rebooting on its own.  Then in September of 2010 it progressed to just shutting down.  Then when I was able to finally get it back up, low and behold no service. Took the sim card out and put in a GO phone and I had plenty of service. All the other features still worked fine but no service.  I guess the antenna is shot.  Very dissapointed in the fact that I paid over $300 for this and had to resort to a $29 GO phone to make phone calls.  All I have now is very expensive MP3 player.  No more Nokias for me.

Hi all.A couple of month ago I bought this amazing phone.First all buying in Amazon is always a great experience. I live in Chile (far far away from you guys) and my orders always arrive at time and I can track'it in any moments. Congrats to Amazon.About the phone. I was thinking in buy N97. I like the design, specs, it has keyboards!!! but is too expensive. Really is too much pay almost USD600 for that phone. But the 5800XM have similars features but you pay half price..and It worht it in every dollarsReciently I added a 16Gb microSD class4 (also I bough it here in Amazon) and it works great.Some words..-Good build. I'm afraid of plastic phone, but I'm impressed with this phone-Very fast 3G-Mail for Exchange. I can sync with my company email.-Amazing screen resolution. The movies and videos looks awesome.-A lot off apps in Ovi Store-The phone is fast, even with the 16gb microSD. Well with the new firmware nokia raise the cpu clock to 434mhz (d'oh the same as n97)-If you know how take pictures, you'll find 5800xm camera excellent even in low light condition-The GPS is kinda slow but once is connected is delightfull.-The touchscreen is not the best at all is just resistive but it works better than my old LG Cookie.-The battery is a pain in.....I think this is the main disadvantages. With 3G and push email (with MS Active Sync &lt;- very cool) and talking about 1 hour per day I must charge it every night. Well is not a business phone, but come on..I don't even use it like a music player.Beside the poor battery life I recommend this phone. You'll not regret it.But I'm waitting N900 ;)Best RegardsAlan Correa

I think the phone overall is very nice....I bought it back in May of this year ('09). Now...only a little over 7 months of having the phone, my screen is constantly going out...the phone will be on and flly functional, but the screen will not light up....i've changed the battery, the charger, resetting..still no luck. I called Amazon to see how I would go about getting it replaced,..and they couldn't help me because it was after 30 days of the purchase...so where does my full year warranty come in? well i contacted Nokia as well...the customer service was not good...and they basically told me they wouldnt replace my phone...i'd have to send it in and wait until they fix it (supposedly) and send it back. I really loved my phone, but this dissapoints me. I prob wont buy another Nokia touchscreen.

I did a lot of research on tech sites and read all the reader comments on Amazon before purchasing this phone. I was nervous I'd get a dud but to my pleasant surprise this has turned out to be one of the best phones I've had. A minor thing but very important to me was a loud ringer and loud notifications which this phone has. People tell me they hear quite clearly when I'm speaking but I hear their voices with that slight muted quality that you can get with a GSM phone but conversations are fine. This phone allows you to have Google sync for your contacts and calendar only. It works with the exchange software on the phone and it works flawlessly. Google sync is in beta and as of right now you can't sync gmail. The good news is that you Can use Nokia's mail program to set up your mail to be retrieved on your desired schedule.  The radio was decent for a phone I don't use it much. The screen scrolls well. There is an update to the phone's software that gives it Kinetic scrolling but it's not yet available to North American users even though this is an unlocked phone. The UI is not as easy to use as an iphone so prepare to read the manual. Battery life has been good. This will vary of course based on how you use your phone. Mine is mostly email and web browsing with wifi with little phone calling so I'm getting three and half days between charges. This isn't bad because wifi is hard on batteries. The camera won't replace anyone's separate camera but is good for the random snapshots. I haven't tried the video yet. This phone feels very good in the hand and not at all at slippery. The app store doesn't have much yet but it is growing. For the price I think this is a very good smartphone if your lucky enough to get a good one. Like many cellphone makers Nokia's quality can vary.

I bought this phone recently and am very impressed with it. While i wasnt exactly looking for a touchscreen phone, i am not unhappy that i got one. While i can only base it on what i have read, it seems far superior to the iPhone in many ways. Yes, the iPhone looks great...but thats all I am impressed about.Pros-----Call quality is crystal clear. Unbelievable improvement difference compared to my old Nokia 6300.-Can Multitask (Listen to music and surf the net at the same time)-3G and GSM-Integrated GPS Antenna (GPS can be used totally offline with OVIMaps without needing to download data, Free to use, free updates, directions with street names via update)-The GPS is fantastic, clear precise instructions and you can even record your own voice using OVIvoice from Nokia-Comes with two pointing devices (Stylus and Plectrum)-Input by Stylus, Plectrum or Finger, also has handwriting recognition.-Brilliant High Resolution Screen (Great for watching dvd's)-Stereo Speakers with great sound-TV Out cable can be purchased to connect to a tv-8gb Micro SC Included (expandable to 16gb)-iTunes is not required (I can connect to a pc as a storage device and download files as normal with no other software required)-Came with a music download voucher-Great battery (which can be changed by the user)-3.2mp camera with dual flash-Video recording using flash as light-standard 3.5mm headphone socket-wifi-many free applications are available on the net-Its a NokiaCons - Phone-----No Countdown Timer (This was my most used app on my old Nokia 6300, But i downloaded Eggtimer free from the OVI store and have a timer now)-Touchscreen (still not a fan of the touchscreen phones, can't beat and old fashioned keyboard)-No reminder calendar item. To set a reminder i have to make a meeting. This was something i used often.-Birthday reminders do not display the age, only the since date.Cons - Supporting Software-----Ovi Suite (The original Nokia Data Suite was very buggy when it came out, but its now a very good application. Ovi Suite is no different, very buggy. They have made it look all pretty without the trusty reliability of the old DataSuite)-Ovimusic is just plain annoying. If you have it installed and want to download music from the html page, you can't. When you visit [...] etc, It automatically opens OVImusic. I had so much trouble with OVImusic, i couldnt sign up, couldn't login, couldnt search properly. DO NOT install OviMusic, do yourself a favour, sign in to the html page and download through your browser!-Map upgrading problems in OviSuite(I tried four times before i was able to update my maps for Australia, Three times i had an Internal Server Error). Nokia needs to offer a link to download and install offline and i am sure these problems would be avoided.IMO Nokia should dump Ovimusic and Ovisuite and stay with the Datasuite.UPDATE------After using the phone for about 2 months. My opinion of the phone has not changed. It is a great phone and does so many things that others don't.There are a few things though that have come to my attention.Pros- I just downloaded a voice update for the gps and got the English with Street Names update. Now the GPS not only gives directions but also states the street names. Getting this phone was the best thing i ever did. The GPS alone is worth the cost.- I have found information online to be able to change the font in the phone and use true type or open type fonts. Currently i use Bauhaus as my screen font. I had a bit of playing around with different types. Some were too small, some too large and on some not all the characters displayed (but that might be because the font doesnt have a complete set of glyphs).- I can't state enough how impressive the GPS is. I use it all the time, its very accurate and fast to get the satellites. My old GPS took about 2 minutes to get the satellites.- I have compressed some movies down to about 500mb in mp4 format. The display is unbelievable, the movies are crystal clear and the stereo sound is fantastic.Cons- I have found that writing sms's are not as convenient as my old Nokia 6300 because there is no predictive text facility.- A few times the phone has frozen, requiring me to take the battery out to turn it off. It then ran fine though. I think an update to the latest software might help. I am at least one version behind.- The strap for the plectrum keeps coming out. I have just taken it off as i am using the stylus more anyway.- With use the stylus no longer holds firmly in the phone cover.

De entrada es magestuosa su presentaci&oacute;n. Totalemtne tactil, amigable y poderoso. Existe la posibilidad de agregarle mas capacidad de memoria a trav&eacute;s de la ranura de expansion, yo ya encargue una de 16gb, ya que de paquete trae una de 8gb. 95% recomendable, el resto 5% no lo recomendar&iacute;a por ser algo complicado con el sistema de posicionamiento de GPS, a una semana de haber activado la cuenta de un mes gratis, no me he podido conectar con ningun satelite, no de modo general ni de modo asistido. Y justamente esta herramienta del GPS fue lo que me llamo la atencion al momento de hacer la compra por lo cual me siento un poco frustado. Espero conseguir la solucion al problema lo m&aacute;s pronto posible. En lo multimedia perfecto, en sonido externo fenomenal, es altamente recomendado, los videos corren de maravilla. Graba video, y toma fotos como un profesional. En resumen, si se solventa lo del GPS y el satelite, ser&iacute;a el mejor telefono del momento.

This is a great phone. It isn't as high tech as an iphone, but its close to it with a cheaper price(without having to get a contract). It's a great smartphone and easy to use once you've played around with it. I've added apps and themes to personalize it. It's great and it comes with everything you need for your phone. Plus you can hook it up to your tv!

I bought this phone based on the many positive reviews here.  I don't have a 3G plan, so I was very attracted to the GPS navigation that works without it, and WiFi connectivity.  But I have been completely disappointed with this phone.  Here's my take.Pros====-Good camera for a cellphone: 3.2 MP with LED flash.-GPS navigation works without 3G plan (at least in theory).-WiFi connectivity lets you get online without 3G plan.-Decent battery life: usually goes a few days per charge.  It helps that I never use any smart phone features because they're such a PITA.)-Good network reception (at least compared to my ancient Motorola V188).-Nokia is regularly updating their Ovi Suite software.  Maybe they'll fix this stuff someday?Cons====-BUGGY OS and apps.  Web browser and GPS navigation are virtually unusable.-HORRIBLE user interface all around.  Doing anything other than making calls is simply not worth the trouble on this phone.  Plan on using the stylus a lot.-GPS takes too long to get position fix.  Very spotty GPS reception inside vehicles, where you need it the most.  Despite downloading latest maps, navigation consistently gives WRONG directions.-Screen is difficult to read in bright light.  Auto brightness control does not seem to work correctly.-Confusing WiFi setup.-Only 4 shortcuts allowed on home screen, even though there's plenty of room for more.-Included USB cable is only 7 inches long.  Really?!?-Software updates from the phone did not work out of the box.  I had to hunt down some obscure server settings to check for updates.  You can also update through Ovi Suite on your PC.)-Accompanying Ovi Suite PC software is bloated and buggy, although they have been making improvements recently.-Included 4 GB MicroSD card is probably not enough for all your maps and music.-No letters shown on dialing pad.Bottom Line===========NOT recommended!

Really good touch phone, I definetly think its the best touch phone out there right next to the Iphone. The Speakers are Loud and Crisp for music. The Screen is responsive, and the vibration feedback, is not annoying at all!- The Camera could be better though, and the flash doesn't seem to help, alot of the time sadly-VERY IMPORTANT, the real reason why i didn't give this phone (that I was reaaally excited for) is because the second day I had it, I used the tv- out cable to see some vids, it FROZE and shut off, now SINCE then there is a horizontal line around the bottom of my screen, and it NEVER goes away :'[

I really like this phone. I have been using it for 5 months now.This phone may take you a little while to get used to. There are some configuration that you have to do to make the most out of this phone.Internet - My carrier is T-mobile. It doesn't support 3G for this phone. That's disappointing. I use edge for internet for $10 a month when I am not close to any WiFi network. I am OK with that. For most part I am close to WiFi networks and this phone works great over WiFi network be it in the airport or pizza place or at home.Ovi maps - Ovi map was not free when I purchased this phone. Nokia since made it free for several phone. I updated the firmware and ovi map and now GPS works great.Calls - No problem so far.Music - This is a music phone or so they say. I have paired it with both normal headset and Bluetooth ones. The Bluetooth stereo headset (from Nokia) skips once in every 3-4 minutes when playing music but never for calls. Not sure if it's the phone problem or the headset problem. So far I am OK with it.Photos and video - Best suited for day light. In build flash is useful but doesn't improve picture indoors. It's really not meant for low lights. Video outside is very nice. Again, low light is a show stopper...Touchscreen - Not as responsive as you would like. This is no iphone. This is not an iphone killer.Radio - Biggest dissappointment... won't play without a headset and doesn't recognize Bluetooth headset. Weird. I checked the nokia forums and there are tons of complaints about it.Battery - I charge it every other day. I talk about say 20 minutes a day. I browse for like  an hour and music not too often. The battery does not drain much. On occasions I use the GPS or google map. BTW, google map is really awesome.Installed softwares - Handwriting recognition is nice to have although not useful. Speech recognition is nice. Browser is good. Installed facebook and youtube from [...]. It's nice and handy and quite good for quick checking. Installed Opera, google maps and some tit bits from [...]. Opera always tries to connect to t-mobile despite being near to WiFi hot spots. Annoying.This phone serves it purpose for me. On occasions I do switch off the phone, remove the battery, remove the SD card, dust off and put them back again. Nokia recommends that you do so every so often.Being unlocked is one of the reasons I bought this phone. Another thing is the removable micro SD card. I does look a little cheap. I got it for $200 and I am not complaining. This phone may not suit everyone. So I tried to lay out how I use it. I also think you should review a product after owning it for sometimes.

I bought it just 16 days ago, and I can briefly tell you that it was a very good deal, all my respect for Nokia, Amazon and UPS all of them had an excellent service, and the phone works fine, the GPS takes a while (aprox. 5min) to connect for free but besides that everything works great.I'm using it with a mobile company in Mexico and as soon as I turned it on, it got the signal, the screen is a neat widescreen (but very fragile, so be ready to buy a screen protector),I totally recommend you the phone and Amazon deals.

I ordered this phone through Amazon, arrived very quickly and the box had the original Nokia seal which is nice as all phones in the stores here come already opened so you dont know where they have been.The phone comes almost bare bones (the manual is very skimpy also).  After you download new themes and applications this is when the phone starts to shine through. The positives:1. Nice screen in indoor light2. Boots fast and applications open fast3. Nice sound4. Solid java and flash support already installed.5. I downloaded new themes and backgrounds (go to [...] for lots of free stuff). Installed gmail push email through [...] which was extremely easy, now I get notification when I get new emails and I dont need to go through the web. I installed eBuddy for instant messaging, which is 100% free and awesome! The interface is very windows like, its like chatting on your computer. Downloaded SPB Weather for HTC like weather info. Nice looking! Youtube, Facebook and all that stuff runs great. I downloaded PC Suite from Nokias site in order to be able to synchronize my Outlook calendar. For MS Office and Adobe Acrobat document viewing and editing I got QuickOffice (which has a $19 offer) and Adobe reader.6. I love all the keyboard alternatives. Handwriting recognition works very well.7. Ovi store has a basic interface but actually has a lot of free or for pay stuff.Now the negatives and why no 5 stars:1. Battery doesnt last long if you use wifi or surf a lot. Lasts around 8 hrs with heavy use and 1-1/2 days with light use.2. Screen could be better in sunlight3. Too many double or triple clicks to do stuff.4. Crappy camera. Come'on Nokia you are supposed to be the phone camera kings! In good sunlight the pictures actually come out pretty nice, otherwise they are awful but you can tweak them on Photoshop or other program.5. I haven't been able to work the GPS, always says satellite signal is low, even on open air fields. However, I dont care about GPS but other people do.6. Manual that comes with the phone is awful. Had to go to the web to search for a lot of "how to" stuff.7. They should include PC Suite or enable Outlook syncrhonization with the included Ovi Suite.Hope this review helps someone!

hi, first lets setup my parameters. I am a Tmobile subscriber from Tampa Bay area.  My reception is the highest available. I have owned in order a Ericson from the PCS days, a Panasonic from ATT/Cingular days, Nokia 6120, 6131, Tmobile Dash, Tmobile Shadow, Nokia N95 8GB (for 3 weeks but then the display went out and i got scared to want to replace it so i returned it. Please also note this is my second time owning a Nokia 5800. The first time was a European model with US warranty since i got it from the Nokia Flagship store in Chicago. That had the first firmware with no updates...and it sucked. Sucked so bad I sold it used because I couldnt wait for the firmware upgrade. So now we advance to today. And with great relief, I tell you people that this Nokia 5800 Nam is an outstanding smartphone.  The most current firmware 20.0.012 has made this Nok great. I know this because I have owned both.  I take off .50 because no the UI is not as pretty as the Iphone, nothing is when it comes to touch. the other .25 is because when you activate the pretty animations for the touch interface, it does slow it down. So I do turn it off to keep it running smoothly.  This is a best seller for Nokia, therefore they will continue to give us better software updates to make it run even smoother.  Their is no crazy ear piece problem.  The phone feels so easy fitting in one hand.  This cant be said of the Iphone.  The Iphone is awsome yes, but its kinda big to use as a cellphone. ok let me real this in. The phone works great clear LOUD speaker phone, great fun snap shoot digital camera, great flash abilities to stream web content, great call quality, very pretty screen.  As for the touch method, the iphone once again is kewler and smooth however the resistive touch screen is CLEARLY improved and does not hold you back. Clearly the firmware upgrade tweaked the sensitivity and made it much more responsive.  im all over the place with this review, im sorry. if only Nokia could do better marketin partnerships and get this to a local Best Buy so people can touch it and feel how great it is...that for me is one of it biggest selling points...

I thought it was a reasonable price for a Nokia touch screen phone with WiFi, 3G, GPS, etc. and costs lot less than Iphone too, so I ordered it. But it starts having a problem less than two weeks since I use it. It froze on me everytime when I go online, go to menu, go to apps(I have downloaded some apps), and before I decided to return it, both the dialer pad and contact list pad don't work at all no matters how many times I press it. It SUCKS the big time!!!I strongly do not recommend this phone at all!! If you want a touch screen phone, get an Iphone or Droid.

The 5800XM being the first mainstream handset from Nokia is certainly a product that lives upto its Brand Name.The phone has quite a few cons, but the pro's of the handset weigh them out...pros:- Price...very affordable (for an Unlocked Quad Band 3G Touchscreen)- Slim form factor (fits right in the palm for single handed use)- Audio quality- 3.5mm jack (but I guess thats standard on Xpressmusic series)- Fast response (I think it has an ARM11 359MHz processor)- Symbian has lots of apps, and newer apps coming quite fast for v5 (optimized for touchscreen)- Inbuilt GPS that works with Google Maps app.- 8 Gb card and TV out video cable in the box.- Symbian has lots of themes.cons:- The touchscreen is resistive, so won't exactly give you the iPh**ne feel but you get Handwriting Recognition... not much use but still a feature- Single click- Double click  operation a little confusing- Interface is typical Symbian... If you've used Nokia before, then its a short learning curve.- The ridged edge around the screen tends to accumulate some dust/lint after being in-out of the jeans pocket a couple of times.Overall, I'd say its a great handset FOR THE PRICE...and NO CARRIER CONTRACT!!!

This is the worst phone I've ever come across, even worse than my other cheap $20 Nokia. I bought this as a gift for my wife and she's only had problems since then (5+ months). Here's the how and the why.- The phone frequently shuts down without warning, sometimes in the middle of calls but most often of its own accord. The only way to "reboot" it is to remove the battery. Just recently it refused to start even after the battery was removed and we had to plug into the charger to get it working again, even though the battery had been fully charged the previous day.- It misses calls quite frequently (and no, it's not a network problem because all my other phones have no such issues). For example, I call my wife several times in a row, I can hear the phone ringing on my end but on hers, the 5800 doesn't ring or give the slightest hint that a call is coming through.- The alarm feature is worthless. It never goes off in the morning when my wife sets it but occasionally goes off randomly during the day.- The resistive screen is bad. I realize it's no iPhone but still... a fair amount of pressure is required to operate it and sometimes you need to perform an action twice because it doesn't register.- Scrolling is pretty bad. Don't think iPhone but instead try to imagine a very thin scroll bar on the right side of the screen that you have to target in order to scroll.- The "web browser" is pathetic. I had a hard time figuring out how it works (with wifi). It's not really a browser but more like a search box where you enter the web address. There are no classic back, forward, stop, reload buttons but instead a menu that you have to access for these functions. Only browse online if it's a matter of life or death, otherwise the "experience" is an exercise in frustration. I'll give it this much though: connecting to a wireless network was fairly painless.- The radio feature is clunky and counter-intuitive, at least compared to my $20 Nokia.- The back cover is a thin and flimsy bit of plastic. That wouldn't be such a big issue if my wife didn't have to remove the battery daily in order to reset the phone.- The SIM card holder has to be the most idiotic system I've ever seen. Inserting it requires the removal of a very flimsy plastic tag. The SIM mechanism isn't spring loaded so in order to remove it you need to remove the back cover, remove the battery, extract the stylus and then push the SIM out using the tip of the stylus.- The GPS is useless. I bought this phone largely because of the GPS, happy that I could get a GPS "smartphone" that doesn't require a contract. I still regret it to this day. To get the GPS working you have to be in an open field or perhaps in a desert with nary a tree in sight. Even then, it takes at least 15 minutes (!!) for it to locate a satellite. Once it finds one, it has trouble keeping it locked and it seems to have a hard time updating your position on the screen while moving. If you have a death wish or perhaps masochistic tendencies, try using this feature while driving.- The virtual keyboard is a pain to use. Luckily the other functions (like web browsing and navigation) don't work well enough to require a keyboard so we can get by without one.These are the major issues that bother my wife and I. One redeeming quality is that the map application that comes with the phone is fluid and responsive. Too bad the GPS doesn't work. Good thing we know how to read a map without a GPS.In conclusion, I would advise anyone to stay away from this phone. For what I paid ($270), this is a major ripoff. Honestly I wouldn't even pay $100 for the 5800. $50 or less is a more realistic price, provided you are willing to deal with all its shortcomings and software bugs. Too bad I didn't pay closer attention to the bad reviews before I bought it. I realize that I could probably get this exchanged or repaired under warranty but that's such a big hassle (not to mention being without a phone for the duration) that I'm not willing to put up with it.At least I can claim that I've learned from past experiences and this is the last Nokia phone I'll ever buy. Thanks Nokia! I used to be a big Nokia fan and always had the best opinion for their products but they've lost me as a customer and I'll make sure to inform everyone I can about their poor products.

The reason I bought it was because it is unlocked! As a phone, it does a god job... but sometimes it cracks...

I think this is a great phone. The problem is that when I received it, it had already been opened. Amazon sent me a package that someone had returned. They are taking it back. The other problem is the ear piece speaker. You can;t determine when the phones were manufactured. Any phone manufactured before around mid February was probably manufactured with the faulty ear piece speaker. You can order then get it fixed if it fails under warranty, but that is a pain for me as i don't live near a Nokia care Center.

Hi I bought this phone . But even I couldnt use it for 1 month. I was not in Us to return with in 30 days. And warranty covers only 10 days. You sholuld know this. Plus i cant find the number to contact with celler. The phone even couldnt open it , it was not fall down anything, by it self it start to not working. I am so dissappointed with this situation and I do not know what to do, Who can I speak with.Seda Alpat

Well where should I should I begin, its great touchscreen phone comes with a memory card (8gb)so you can download music and movies if converted to the right format settings. The screen looks beautiful. I don't usually buy phones unless something innovative has been created. For Example This will be my 3rd cell phone ever my first Nokia 3560 phone without a camera, second LG Cu500 has a camera and music player and 3rd Nokia 5800 Wifi, touchscreen watch and listen to media on the go. All mechanics works great no problems. The only bad thing about it is the battery little short if u keep using it for wi-fi. I recommend waiting for a good price on amazon this phone price keeps going up and down during different days. So wait for it.

This is an excellent phone and MP3 player.  The camera operates better than the average cell phone.  I have had problems at call termination with the phone locking up which has required me to remove the battery as a solution.  As a touch phone, the 5800 is as good as any of the others that I have seen.

I've owned the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic since July 2009. Prior to the Nokia 5800 I had an old Nokia from 2005. I bought this because it had a decent video camera/camera(compared to my old Nokia) and the ability to browse the internet(my old Nokia could barely perform that function). After a year and a half, the results are mixed.The video cam is convenient to use but the results are just ok. In broad daylight the picture is clear. But in any other lighting condition degradation is rapid. Browsing the internet isn't that smooth because the 5800's touch-screen is either overly sensitive sometimes or it just takes a slegdehammer to register an input. This results in many mis-clicks which waste time and mobile bandwidth.The audio quality of the phone is pretty good. The switching function between horizontal and vertical screen is eratic and seems to switch to horizontal when I want it vertical and vertical when I need it horizontal, so I just turn off the auto-turn feature. Unfortunately there is no option to switch. Either it is stationary or it turns eratically on its own.With the updates the phone functions a little smoother. Originally there is the full/mini QWERTY keyboard along with handwriting, now with the update there is an alphanumeric keypad. The build-quality of the phone feels nice but it is a bit bulky and the little writing tool can easily get lost. Reception is always strong with this phone. Overall a decent phone that's a bit pricey and can be frustrating to use.

I bought this cell model 18 months ago. Seven months after purchase, been damaged. Nokia replaced it with a new one, without charging any fees. It is a great phone, I use it constantly to connect to the internet, GPS, phone calls, SMS ... The screen responds well to me, and software updates have improved over time. I doubt it replaced soon!

I've been using this phone for a few days now and am impressed overall with the symbian software...it's very user friendly. Also the audio chip is excellent and music sounds great! However I was disappointed with the camera...which takes very grainy photos indoors unless your VERY close to subject...however outdoor photos look fine...if your looking for better photo quality the nokia 5610 xpressmusic is your phone.

I bought this phone on nokia website just after its release in USA. I have been reading its reviews since couple of months. I am happy with this phone. Everything is great about this phone. Have no regrets. Installed some apps (games, utilities) and all work great. Waiting for nokia ovi store to be up.

This product is nicely equipped with more than enough features, but for my sole opinion the price should be a little more lower to beat all other competitive.

I love this phone. The touch screen is just right, too much but tolerable garbage programs on it by Nokia that you cannot remove. Decent but not great call quality. I thought I would not like stylus but really like its accuracy. Surfing the web (on ATT) is great with this phone. Its biggest problem is dropping calls, shutting down, acting like "memory overflow" when browsing the web and shutting down the browser. These problems cured temporarily by removing battery. The more you use it the more often you must pull battery to reboot. Mine is going back to Nokia for warranty repair tomorrow. Hope that helps. It came with V20  software, upgraded to V21, but Nokia won't release the V30 software in US yet. Who knows, that may cure problem, but first they will have to spend their factory dollars to investigate since they won't give U.S. new software. Last Nokia I will ever buy. There must be a company that can make a phone with good hardware and/or software??? I wish it worked......  UPDATE 9-3-09: ZPhone was having so many problems, sent it in to their REPAIR depot. It came back in ONLY 6 DAYS and has worked PERFECTLY since. They noted they "replaced crystal filter". I really like this phone and feel it is perfect now. It does make me want a larger screen and the new 4 inch devices being released are very tempting (when we can buy them unlocked). I hope they are are good as this phone for usability. Will consider other Nokias based on their repair service.

The Nokia 5800 Xpress Music phone is just simply amazing.  I have done allot of product reviews and even watched reviews on youtube.  Through all of this research I decided on the 5800 for use with my T-mobile service.  I am not sure if this phone is better then the IPhone, for I have never used on and did not want to switch to AT&T.;  However, with that said I did want a phone that played media very well, texted well, and of course functioned as a phone well.  The 5800 does all of this.  First the media capabilities are amzaing it comes loaded with realplayer and has played everything I have loaded on to it, even videos offline that were meant for the iphone.  The picture quality is bright and beautiful like you are watching a TV.  The dual speakers make for great sound quality. The movies downloaded from Amazon and the the MP3's from Amazon all play flawlessly and it good quality.  Plus it was easy to get these files onto the phone with the unboxer that Amazon supplies.The 5800 has real web browsing capabilities and is easy to connect to the internet with it's seperate media button on the top right corner of the phone.  It loads the pages quickly (for a phone) with bright sharp colors and text.  It is really quick when you use the WLAN connection instead of the cellular connection.  This phone will play the mobile content from mobile web sites as well as the content from most online sites.  It does have some trouble streaming embedded video on some sites, but it is a phone not a lap top.  It will run youtube, myspace, facebook, your e-mails, news sites, and yes if you are an adult it will run adult sites as well.  It downloads videos and music from the right sites, but even better transfers from your desktop with ease.The 5800 has 4 ways to text a full Qwerty key board, a mini Qwerty keyboard, a T9 alpha numeric keyboard, and hand writing recognition.  Truthfully I only use the full qwerty for long messages and posts (like this one) and the small T 9 alpha numeric for quick responses like when I am driving (though you should not do that).  I have found the texting to be quick and easy.One last great feature of this phone is the camera, yeah I know it is a 3.2 megapixel camera, but with an upgraded AP it take great pictures.  Furthermore the [phone has a built in photo editor to remove red eye, ad caption, change colors, emote some one.  Just lots of fun.So in summary this phone is great I highly recommend it to my friends, and I only wished T-mobile would of picked it up as a phone[...]

Worked great in the beginning, but now (1 year after purchase) it has begun to become more slow.The graphics are not for gaming. This is an entry-level mobile device.The speakers, which are the main point of the device, were very loud, and still are, as of now.Like most other Nokia phones, it isn't overly priced, it is durable (mine fell out of a car [when it was moving] and still works) and unlocked.The OVI Store by Nokia is still young and sdoesn't even compare to how many apps there are in Apple's App Store and Google's Android Market.The camera works best in daylight and outdoors(both facing in and out). The dual-flash proves to be most effective and can be used as a torch by using a third-party app from the OVI Store. The front-facing camer is VGA and the rear-facing camera is 3.2MPThere is not very much internal storage, you may have to get another, higher capacity MicroSD card (which are not hard to find).The apps are very basic, would be great as a first phone.If you have some money in your pockets though, and you are looking for a higher-end phone, you can settle for an N8 or and Android phone.

I've had this phone for about a month.  I've used touch screen phones that my friends have (iPhone & Omnia), but this is the first I've owned.The touch screen works very well although it did take a little to get used to.  I am impressed with how accurate it is.  The full querty keyboard is easy to type on.  Surprisingly I'm even able to use the mini querty keyboard with my fingers although it's really designed to be used with the stylus.  I noticed some people voicing displeasure with the resitive touch screen.  I think most of these came from users with early firmware versions.  After using it for a while now I'd say it has both advantages and disadvantages over a capacitive touch screen.  I think scrolling is easier on a capacitive screen.  It's not hard to scroll with just your fingers on a resistive screen, but in some applications when you need to use the scroll bar the bar is a little to narrow and it's difficult to grab the slider.  In this case using the stylus works better and makes scrolling very easy.  The option to use a stylus gives you very precise control.  A resistive screen is less fragile and can be made more economically which helps to keep the price down.The screen is bright and clear.  The resolution is great and I like the 16:9 screen format for watching movies.  It can be a little hard to see clearly in bright sun, but I haven't found a screen that isn't.It's loaded with extra features and functionality like the built-in GPS receiver which means it works even when you are out of cell phone coverage although it does take a little longer to initially find your position if you disable the assisted GPS (A-GPS mode).  The other advantage is you are not forced to pay for GPS service from your cell provider.  The FM radio works well, but I wish the antenna could be built-in rather than relying on headphones as the antenna.As a phone i think the reception and sound quality are excellent.I am a little disappointed with the camera quality in low light, but from talking with others I think this is a common problem for most camera phones.  This issue can be minimized with the camera settings if you know what you are doing.  In medium to bright light the pictures are very good.  I really didn't expect this to function as my main camera.  I just wanted a camera that was always with me and could take decent photos if I didn't have my main camera with me.  It serves that purpose well.My only complaint with this phone is that it uses micro USB and doesn't charge over this connector.  A mini USB connector is much more common (I have 6 or 7 of these cables already) and I'm sure they could have fit this into the phone.  It uses a separate port for charging.  You can buy a charging cable which will let you charge from your PC (or any powered USB port), but it still has to use the charging port on the phone.  This seems like an oversight, but maybe there is a reason for it.Battery life is good although it will certainly be affected by how many of the radio features you turn on (wi-fi, bluetooth, GPS, FM radio) and how much you use the video screen in addition to the cell phone use.Overall I am very happy with this phone.  There are certainly more expensive phones out there if you are willing to pay for them, but this one has a lot to offer for a more reasonable price.

I could not be happier with the phone. I am finding new uses for it every day. It has quickly become an essential part of my life. Really great features, well designed, quality product.Other reviews on here are very exhaustive, and I don't feel the need to keep repeating the same stuff. I really have very little to complain about.Going from a SUPER simple "dumb" phone to this one, there is a slight learning curve (can't really dial without looking, because there are no buttons to feel), but overall, a great tool for me.The biggest letdown for me was the GPS. I did not find it to be worth the monthly fee.

I wanted occasional internet access, but I didn't want to pay the ridiculous monthly charges for an iPhone. I'm using a sim card from my old AT&T; gophone, and I don't expect to pay much more than $150/year. For $100 you get a years worth of service. I don't use my cell phone that much, some weeks I can go without making a single call, so pay as you go works for me. The data plan is 100 MB for $19.99 or 1 MB for $4.99. It rolls over, so if you didn't use all of your data allowance for one month, you can pay $4.95 to use the remainder the next month, and it all comes out of the $100 yearly fee. Yeah, it's complicated, and AT&T; isn't going to make it easy to figure out how to make things economical, but for the occasional data and phone user like me it works well.The web browser works reasonably well and it works well off wifi. There is a skype app, so you can use wifi and avoid any phone charges whatsoever.If you use the Nokia Map loader, GPS with driving directions is completely free with no charges to your data or phone plan. Mine hiccups on the lower deck of the bay bridge in San Francisco, but otherwise I'm impressed, it works well for being free.If you are a heavy data and phone user, stick with the iPhone. It's a better device. If you are frequently around wifi and aren't constantly texting and phoning other people, this could be a clunky economical alternative.

If you are looking for a smart phone that is unlocked and does not need data plan (but can use free wifi) then there is every reason in the world to get this phone. It is exactly what you are looking for.

If you want to spend over $300 on a phone that has you going to Nokia for constant repairs, this is the phone for you.So far, I have taken this phone to Nokia Care five times and I am looking at six. Nokia has replaced the entire internal system of my phone twice! The GPS fails, the phone shuts off for no reason, battery life is terrible and there is little if any notice that your battery is low. The turning off for no reason was really frustrating.The last time I was at Nokia Care they lost my ENTIRE contact list. Years of numbers they lost.I have wasted so much of my time having people try to repair this phone and what did Nokia do: replace the internal workings of the phone. The phone company I bought it from quietly said there are problems with this phone. Oh, really?Avoid this cell phone. I am DEAD serious. Nothing but a headache and I am OUT $320!

After using this phone for awhile, I believe this is a very good phone with many features such as phone, internet, Camera, Gps. who needs more from just a small phone. All work well. And it is a good buy.

I am person who's a mobile crazed, and specially the touch screens, I can say i tried them all, Nokia 5800 is the most satisfying amongst them all, i cant wait for the developed version of it, the N97.

bought two Nokia 5800 xm phones, one for my wife the other for my daught. they love it no more. best built quality plus basement price, buy if you haven't yet.

Oh Boy, where do I start a review for this product.I saw this product on Sale at Dell website and overly impressed with the specs and the reviews on Amazon - almost immediately I ordered one for myself and just about to order another one for my wife.  I put it on hold till I try out one of them - glad that I did not order the 2nd one.Initially I did not like the idea of going for a $30 data plan with At&t; and being stuck to a service provider for 2 long years and badly wanted to buy something with no data plan.Let me break down each of the feature functionality of this product in detail - it is probably the most detailed review you will find on this product.  First the good part and then the bad stuffAs a phone - receive/make calls  :  10/10===============================Full marks to Nokia as a phone - the phone has excellent signal reception, compared to any of the smart phones out there in the market.  I have used a blackberry/iphone/samsung and Nokia score above allCamera (stills) : 5/10===============Camera is good for outdoors, but very poor for indoors - the photos look very grainy.  Front camera is decent and you can use it to make video calls with your friends running fring on their iPhone/Android and other nokiaCamera (video) : 7/10===============Video quality is excellent, I have shot a few videos outdoors and almost compares to HD qualityCamera/Video/Front/Rear switch : 2/10==============================Since the phone feature video, stills, front & rear camera: Switching from a video to still and back to video.  Switching from front to rear camera and back is so difficult and non-intuitive.  I am a pretty good geek with stuff and I found it extremely difficult and confusing to switch between different modes.Calender, Memo... : 5/10======================Can sync with Exchange on your computer, but cannot sync directly with exchange servers unlike android/iphones which can directly connect to your company servers.  Which means, everytime, you need to connect the phone to the computer for syncMusic player/Video : 7/10==================Music player output is very good, lacks a audio book player.  It does not playback divx movies (sorry torrent folks :)Youtube playback: 2/10================Ok, I thought I will be able to use this to play youtube videos to entertain my daughter while driving we are driving.  I was not able to play even a single youtube video without pauses and jerks, made several attempts and finally gave up.Read on the forums and some suggested me to use the desktop version & try it on wifi - But even on Wifi, while it is better than 2g/3g - it is still disgusting playback speed.I was very disappointed with this whole youtube playback partYahoo/Gmail access : 3/10==================Imagine that you open a mail and it comes up as  new mail  &lt;href image= ....>This phone does not even support html emails, no images either.  Other than that, the good part is that it does a pretty good job of syncing with Gmail & Yahoo and downloads the emailsKeyboard  : 7/10=========The keyboard was a bit impressive - you have 3 options - mini keyboard, full size keyboard or you can write in your handwriting.  I liked to input text with the full size keyboard as this one was the most convenient.Apps  : 2/10====Yes, there is an app store, but it the store is so poorly organized and very user unfriendly that you would end up spending hours to find the right app for you.Next the apps itself - there are some decent apps available for gaming and productivity, but if you have used any android/iPhone app - you will realize that Nokia is waaaaay to behind in the game.Touch Screen: 3/10=====================First of all this is a resistive touch screen, means you need to actually put pressure on the screen for it to work, unlike the modern day capacitive touch screen which will only need you to just touch and the screen will pick up static charges from your fingers.So the Nokia's resistive touch screen works, but it is very poor in response - you will almost always need the accompanying stylesRadio : 3/10======It does have a radio, but it will not play unless you plug in the headset which acts as a antenna.  Even after plugging in the antenna, it picks up a few strong signals, but did not pick up some of the weaker signals neither indoors, nor outdoors.GPS  ; 4/10====I have a 3 year old GPS from garmin and I thought I will throw it out after I get a Nokia.  Oh oh, big mistake.  The Nokia phone comes with a assisted GPS (means it does triangulation with satellites as well as with cell phone towers.While the phone does a good job of finding your current location, it is extremely poor in finding directions and reading out the street names and directions.  It works, but it is no where near to a regular GPS or a built in GPS like the ones in iphone/android=========== summary =============Honestly, I have never felt this frustrated with any phone in my life- when I really wanted to love this so much.Nokia - where art thou ? come down from your ivory tours and give us a good phone.  We do not want to be stuck up in the vicious circle of At&t; and apple - we want unlocked phones and we do not want to see crappy phones like this from you.  Pls wake up.

I got this Phone 2 weeks ago, I like it because it is very firm in hand, touch screen, and have wifi.Amazon send me this phone in mail for free, it took 5 days, the phone came safely wrapped.The phone has some good sides :1. The touch screen is very good , as I never used an Iphone, but the sensor is good enough for you to use your finger on it.2. You can handwrite messages which is very convinient to compose a text message or send an email.3. Compare to Iphone, you can use Wifi to connect to the internet, without paying monthly data plan, but wifi can only be used in an area where have open wireless internet service.4. The talk quality is very good, clear, you can hear very well. and very easy to use hand-free speaker.5. You can save your favorite 4 phone number on the home screen and creat button with an image icon.I like this feature, because I can put my family members phone number on the home screen.6.Easy to use the USB wire to transfer music or pictures from PC to Phone.I like this very much.the phone I do not feel very happy with is :1. the battery do not last long, I charge it every 3 days, though I do not use text message or connect to internet, nor do I listen to music via it since I got a good Mp3. so I cannot imagine how can people listen music with it as a MP3.2. The camera quality isn't good with a 320Mp camera. take very poor quality pictures with it.3. some time it frozen the screen, you have to restart the phone to make it work. but this happens to a lot phone.over all, I think this phone worth of the price, it still a nice phone since no phone is perfect. I will still buy it.

I bought my Nokia 5800 XM from Amazon & used the free shipping option. It arrived at my APO address here in Kuwait in 5 DAYS!What a deal!The phone is great, & easy to figure out & use. The only bad thing was the memory card came with some music samples /folders on it which I could not delete. I could delete the songs, but not the file folder. An error message would appear saying that the file was corrupted. Finally I formatted the memory card & that erased all the preloaded junk on it. Now I have only my stuff on the card so... format the card BEFORE adding anything to it!Aside from having to do that, it's a great phone, lots of features, basically everything I'll ever need & much more. It's truly a mobile device, not just a phone.Oh, the camera pics are OK... just OK. Not really that great, but not really that bad either.

I've had this phone now for a little over a month.  I can tell you that after using it for this length of time that it is an excellent phone.  It can do more than any other touchscreen phone out there today.  The only two phones that can even come close are the iPhone 3G and the BB Storm.  This phone can do more than either of them two.  The camera gets dogged a lot, but in all actuality, it does a pretty good job when taking pictures in bright outdoor/indoor light.  The front facing camera is an outstanding feature and works very well.  The Video (which iPhone does not have at this time) is very exceptional as well; even more functional and better quality than the camera still shots (odd eh?).  The virtual qwerty is very nice and has all the keys in the right place. I also have an Eternity, but the layout of the 5800's keyboard is way better (don't make me dig for my apostrophe Samsung!) >:[.  Also, the haptic feedback is awesome too.  The vibration actually 'feels' localized and not just vibrating the whole phone.  The call quality is top notch, not sure why some reviews say other wise, but compared to previous phones I have owned, this was on par with my old Nokia E51, and better than my Eternity, Quickfire (what a joke), SE w580i or LG Vu.  I've had other phones too, but they were very basic phones and were also Nokias.The OS is still a tad bit immature, making its crossover to the touchscreen.  However, it is still very stable and functional for its 'immaturity'.  I love how they managed to keep all the previous capabilities of the S60 3rd and include it into a very well packaged bundle what is now called S60 5th Edition.  I love the 'tap and hold and slide' to copy and paste things.  It is so awesome!Syncing is great as usual.  I downloaded the iSync plug from Nokia website and was able to sync my calendar and contacts via bluetooth flawlessly!  Also, PC Suite worked like a charm as with any Nokia phone.The sound is best in class.  I don't think anything out there can compete with the sound quality that this phone puts out.It's still a new phone, been out only about 7 months now.  But they provide excellent firmware support (3 to date) and are constantly looking for ways to improve performance and enhance any existing features if not, they even add more useful features.As for all the other features (gps, radio, messaging, browsing); it does them all very well.  I have no complaints.  Probably the only drawback if there were one, is the fact that this phone can do so much with its Symbian OS that you really need to read up and research all the things it can really do and how to do them.  This phone's OS has a very rich Symbian ancestry.It's an excellent phone and I honestly believe that this phone is best in class and overall compared to the other phones currently out there.  I would even go so far as to say I am glad I did not wait for the N97.  I know blasphemy!  But it's true.If you get this phone, you will not regret it.  Just keep in mind that it does come with plenty of features and the OS is very 'sophisticated'.  Oh, by the way, I do have to admit, that it is very nice to have a 'Smart Phone' that can use the internet and check email without having to pay any PDA fees.Kudos Nokia!  Keep it up!

Really good value on this purchase, this phone does a lot for a little price tag! same specs as pricier phones like n97... strongly recommended for basic use

The touch screen on the phone is great, the stylus makes scrolling and such even better. Although the stylus is a little bit awkward to hold and putting it in and taking it out is a little rough you can use it to write your text and it becomes printed text, this can be used online, or texting. You can search the files of your phone. Using PC Suite you can get updates. Great battery life. Great lock/unlock position... 3.5 mm jack (or whatever standard is, it has). I would definitely recomend this product to a friend, at a good price. Nice 3.2 MP flash Carl Zeiss lens/camera works good. Accelerometer is good... Basically buy it.

Some time ago, Nokia was the undisputed king of the mobile world. They had low end phones, high end phones. Even Neo rocked a Nokia in The Matrix. Back then, firmware updates were uncommon, data usage and 3rd party applications were either unheard of, or the exclusive domain of the power user.Palm moved in, and Nokia managed to keep pace, Windows Mobile moved in, and Nokia struggled. The iPhone was released, and Nokia was nearly obliterated in the high-end phone field.They're trying, in a way best likened to a drowning person. There is a lot of splashing and flailing, but very little swimming happening. Further, if you get too close to them, they'll shove you beneath the surface out of a desperate, crazed, perhaps primal need to stay afloat.Some have tried to attribute this to Nokia's misunderstanding of the U.S. Market, and it's hard to disagree with this point. In a country where carrier subsidies are the norm, the only major carrier subsidizing Nokia's S60 5th Edition phones (like the 5800 XpressMusic) is T-Mobile with the bottom-end-of-the-line Nuron.It's worth defining this in general terms, at least: Windows is an operating system; Windows computers can run Windows apps. Macintosh computers use Mac OS X as an operating system and can run Mac apps. iOS is the iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch's operating system, and all can run iOS apps. This phone runs the Symbian S60 5th Edition operating system, and runs Symbian S60 5th Edition apps.The 5800 is a phone that seems to best exemplify Nokia's flailing. They've shipped an underpowered phone, with a sub-par screen. They've released updates to most of the world to fix these problems, but hold those updates back from buyers in the US. They pre-install a music store that doesn't work here, a front-facing camera that doesn't work here (save for a few apps - anyone need to video call someone on Fring?) an IM app that doesn't have any service to log into.Oh, and the Amazon and Dell versions have a product code that gets updates later than other US models.Let's look at one usage scenario. Let's post to facebook. Tap the physical center button, then tap internet. Next, tap Facebook. A browser window opens and shows you a Nokia web page that suggests you install a beta Nokia Facebook client. Tap that link, then install the client. Enter your Facebook credentials, then click log in. The app will tell you it needs an update. You confirm the update, then a browser opens on a 404 error page. No explanation is offered. If you hop on the computer and do some research, it turns out the app Nokia is currently telling you to install was just a test platform. Nokia has killed the app, and appreciates all of the help you gave them in developing it. They'll be using what they learned to develop a Facebook app for a phone that you will be able to buy in a few months, but they have no plans on making a similar app available for the phone you already own.Sadly, this kind of situation isn't unusual. They released the N900 around November, as the first Maemo OS powered phone, then six months later, said they were killing Maemo, and merging with another linux-phone distro, leaving many people holding a super powerful $600 phone that only runs apps made for the tiny market of people who buy $600 phones. They're trying to release a new high-end Symbian^3 phone, but say they won't use Symbian^3 for any more new high-end phones. This phone, the 5800, by the way, isn't a Symbian^3 OS phone, and if you buy it, you're already orphaned.They build something, tease it, maybe let you try it, then pull it back and/or kill it. Maybe they'll offer a cool new service in your software updates - that doesn't actually work in the US.I imagine this phone is quite a bit nicer in the EU, where you get unlimited music downloads, can actually use the video calling, and maybe even the IM app.Unless you're going to be touring the EU on prepaid SIM cards and VoIP, skip this phone. I'm done with mine, and won't let Nokia pull me under with their sinking ship.

For a first &#34;smart phone&#34; it's okay.Little too thick, but it's an old model.Nokia OS it's crap and slow.  Small keyboard.Signal is great, internet navigation kind of crapy.

I have had this phone almost a month now and I am still discovering its versatility.  It is well worth the cost and does everything I wanted it to do.  I have AT&T; as my provider and receive a strong 3.5g signal.  The phone is light, fits well in the hand and the touch screen is beautifully clear and responds well with the stylus.  The reception/sound quality is crystal clear, also. The volume range is very good and the stereo speakers work surprisingly well.  The FM radio is a nice addition and I find I use it more than I thought I would.  The MP3 player is good; however, their is one thing to note about the Nokia software you use for transferring the files from your computer.  It offers an option to reduce the file size prior to downloading the music to the phone but it seems to greatly reduce the sound quality of the tracks, so I no longer use it.  The wifi/browser works fine and the zoom option helps to make all print readable.  The camera produces excellent photos but do not rely on the auto mode to give you the best shots.  The manual options have proven to allow for much better quality results so it is best to become familiar with them.  This is true with the video recorder, too.  For example, indoors on auto mode the video recording is very grainy but when using low light option the results are great...In fact, better then I had expected.  The video player was a little disappointing because seems with most of the movie files I have played so far there is some drag periodically which is irritating, especially right after the video has started.  I wonder if a more powerful processor is needed or just a firmware update would solve the problem.  Despite this I still give the phone a 5 star because it excels in every other regard.  And finally, I downloaded the free flashlight software I found on the internet and now this phone can be used as a bright flashlight for times when I need to find something in the dark.  I am waiting for a DivX player software for this version of Symbian (which Samsung offers for their phones using the same Symbian operating system) so I can play this popular movie format.When I received the phone I noticed there were 2 tiny scratches on the screen (one was deep), which I couldn't notice until I was outside with the direct sunlight reflecting off the screen.  So inspect the phone carefully right away for that or for any other defects.  Amazon customer service offered to replace the phone but I didn't want to wait for a new one to arrive.  I just wanted to mention it so you know that if you do find there is a problem Amazon is very good about offering support.

this was the review i wrote initially when i gave it four stars...i spent a week online trying to figure out which smartphone i should buy. i required an unlocked gsm phone that would receive the most common 3g bands as well as wifi.  i also wanted a decent camera. i've never used a smartphone before and would have normally tried a few models. only nokia had phones that filled my requirements. i selected 5800 because it has the biggest screen and is the cheapest. the phone performs my requirements fairly well. it feels very clunky but since i've never so much as touched another smartphone, i have nothing to compare it to. amazon service was excellent.the phone worked fairly well for first 100 days. (curiously, the warranty was 90 days.) first, it stopped keeping time. then every time i received a call, it would switch into another function so that the call ended up on voicemail. thinking that it might have needed a software update, i tried to hook the phone up to nokia's pc suite. in the past hooking up took anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour: it never worked the first try. so i spent an hour and a half without any success. i tried the support system in the past never with success. i was able to find a way to send the phone back--i have extended warranty from amex. but even if my phone would be fixed, i would still need to buy a new phone for the interim; moreover, i had no reason to believe the problems would be remedied. instead, i decided to take out my frustration by badmouthing nokia every chance i get for the rest of my life. no wonder that every other cell phone company is taking share from incompetent nokia.

This phone is a good investment, I changed annually but this team used it for 3 years and it worked perfectly.

I purchased this phone from Amazon in Nov 09; worked great until about a month ago(Aug 2010).  About 2 or 3 times a week, it would lock up--if it was on, you could do nothing no matter which key you hit.  I had to remove the battery and reinstall it and then it would work.  If it was off, I had to remove the battery and reinstall it before it would turn on.  Last week we went to Vegas, and the phone would not access the WiFi spots at any WiFi spot we went to. It would go into a loop and recognize the WiFi spot(like the airport), but you could not access the internet.  It would say that it was logging on, and show a full bar, but it would then say "connecting", and go into a loop and get stuck there.  When we got back yesterday, I contacted Nokia, and the lady I spoke with ran me thru a zillion scenarios before she agreed that there was a problem, and she sent me a return label for UPS so I could send it back for repair. I took it to a local UPS location today to return it.  You have to remove the battery, sims card, and memory card before you send it back. Let's hope it works when I get it back.The GPS on this phone is really slow and only works part of the time. I have a Garmin, so fortunately I don't have to rely on the phone for gps.I have not used this phone for the music feature, but I understand this is a nice feature.

First let me start by saying that I've owned this phone for a month already and im VERY HAPPY with it.  It feels solid in your hands it does not freeze at all, like the n96 when you fill up the memory. Before i bought this phone i owned the nokia n95 (great device) and the nokia N96(more memory but not so good)  The only reason i did not give this nokia 5800 five starts its because of the camara quality which by the way is good but the n95 and n96 were better quality camaras and also video recording capabilities.But It Works a lot faster and with a lot less or none problems so far than previews owned nokias. I Think Nokia  could have done better in the camara area, Other than that nokia took a big leap from the symbian 3rd edition to the fifth touch screen base.  making the phone very user friendly and simple to use, yet adding a lot more features and ways to get to the applications quicker.  it supports a 16GB memory card to store a decent amount of music video and pictures(it comes already with an 8GB memory card). the battery life (VERY IMPORTANT at least for me),  is great.  Much better than the n95 and n96.I can go a hole day surfing the web and playing with the phone and the battery does not seem to die.  There Is A Shortcut for almost everything from the main screen that can also be customized to your four favorite contacts being able to see all the recent activity like calls e-mails or text messages and place calls from their picture icons.  this phone can be used as a router which is great if you are carrying  a laptop and do not  have a network available the phone can provide it for you. it also comes with an amazon coupon of $50 to download movies from amazon unbox (another plus). Music Sounds  clear and loud with hidden speakers. If You Are Planning on buying a nokia i really recommend this one over the n95 and n96 ( if you like touch screen) . E-mail settings is very easy the phone automatically recognizes the servers and ports  from the e-mail you are typing in like (yahoo,hotmail, gmail ect). it was more complicated with previous devices to set up e-mail accounts also GPS works faster and better on this device. In General its the most refined version of symbian working better in every aspect.  If You Are Going to buy this phone i strongly recommend you to buy it on amazon the price is a lot cheaper and the cust service policy and people are a lot more linient and reliable that the nokia ones (nokia cust serv SUCKS) Good Luck.

Overall I am pleased with this phone.  I have not used the applications feature that much.  Here's what I've noticed:GPS takes a while to lock in.  Forget about it inside.Had a few hangups at random times.  I'd say about 4-5 in 3 months.Camera - OK during the day, not so good at night.  I ordered another camera.  Video is OK too, once again during the day.For the price I got this on sale for versus how much cell phones cost locally, I have no buyers remorse.I know I need to update the phone software, and I am trying to figure that out.  I haven't really tried though!

The phone only worked for two months and then the screen went black. My warranty was up and I now have to try the Nokia to have it repaired or have it changed. My problem is that I live in the Caribbean and I have to ship it back to the USA. The phone was not very responsive to the touch and would sometimes freeze .

Does not come with 8 Gyga card, stead 4 Gyga. Careful for the same price one can buy the C6 which is much better. I discovered it one day after I bought but the return fees from the seller would make it 50 U$ more expensive, so I decided to keep it.

I luv my nokia 5800 phone , it's lite and compact and lots of apps and downloadable software to use . Luv it.

I think its a great phone, call quailty excellent! Speakerphone very good, yes OVI is a nightmare but overall a good quailty and fun phone, touch screen is a little hard but not bad

Absolutely, without a doubt - great phone!Most importantly, it has WiFi!!! You can always switch between cellular and WiFi and that's a huge money saver!!! I'm on the 'pay as you go' (AT&T;) type of plan, which is the most convenient way for me to stay connected, when I want to be... Having a regular cell phone plan for me personally, is not an option - I hate to be 'on the leash at all times'! Can't wait when Nokia releases Skype edition for 5800! I know it's coming! Battery life is awesome ... three days, always ON and still going. In spite what other people say about cheap looking, made in China and all that - I totally disagree. There's nothing wrong with its looks! Navigation's pretty simple and easy, unless you have banana shaped fingers?! Other benefits: 8Gigs micro SD card (up to 16!), headphones, strap and stand, USB cable, charger, etc.Reception's quite well, but it's all about the area where you live in, I assume. Haven't tried it as a GPS device yet, though. Check out Ovi Nokia Store too. Great apps for whatever you need.

I bought mine in april and my earpiece has the worst sound of any phone, i know its going to fail and die. It doesn't sound strong, i can't  even hear if its in my purse, and the sound is like a bass too loud for speakers. Get it? like is getting broken. I live in south america, and i dont know if the nokia warranty still works if you get the phone out of USA. Is it still available or not?

i have had this phone for about 4 months and is great u have everything u need on it, u also can download vey useful aplications so is like a little pc, very good price for than amazing phone

This is absolutely amazing phone for the money. It has all the features one can possibly want in a phone. Here are some Pros and Cons. The only reason it did not receive a 5 star review is the lack of commitment from Nokia for the US release of this phone, in terms of firmware updates which are long overdue. (UPDATE: They have released several firmware fixes for the US version and it is amazing. PLUS FREE NAVIGATION SOFTWARE, beat that i-can't do anything-Phone)Pros:-Amazing interface and ease of navigation-Has great GPS Function. Nokia maps is awesome and for good measure you can get Google maps to work even better with this device.-Sound is spectacular on the headphones and not too shabby coming from two built in speakers.-Great array of apps online for use as a work phone or a entertainment phone.-Great colors and touch screen response.-Most importantly great sound and connectivity during calls.-Decent camera not great in the dark.Cons:-Nokia doesn't really care too much about the US market when it comes to this phone. No 3G on T-Mobile and No firmware updates that have been out in other countries for some time now.-Little buggy and sometimes can freeze and needs a restart. This is why they need to release a US firmware update really badly.-The dial pad lacks letters that correspond, so if you are calling tech support that has e.g 1-800-WHAT good luck figuring out what WHAT is numerically.-Battery is kind of lacking but what touch screen isn't.-A little thick but not too bad. Other dimensions are perfect in terms of hand grasp for texting and emailing.-Definitely not a camera phone despite its great Carl Zeiss lens.Overall:If you want to put away your ipod and still be able to listen to music, have a good navigation system, be able to SMS/EMail quickly, read Office documents WORD, EXCEL, PPT, PDF on the run, maybe squeeze in a few games, and have a stable OS interface (for most part) this is really a great phone. I forgot to mention it actually is a great cell phone in terms of call quality. I did not want to get the G3 from T-Mobile because I am tired of the commitments and have Google force everything down my throat kind of like Apple has been doing to their customers. This phone has gazillion free apps that are actually useful. You will be able to squeeze a lot of use out of this phone on the cheap and enjoy doing it.

This phone has almost all you require from a new cell; It has some problems when is working at temperatures over 35C it can become hanging. Also become heat when you use Wi-Fi for long period of time. If you avoid abuse of shocks and taking care its limitations, it is a good deal.

I have had this phone for about 2 months now and I am really beginning to love it.  Initially, I was not happy with the touch interface but that was probably because this was my first touch phone.  The touch interface is still not perfect but it works great once you get a little bit used to it.  It is very easy to use and the features are great.  It has a special audio chip and that makes the music quality awesome. The screen is excellent to watch videos. There are several useful applications out there for this phone.Overall, best phone for the price in today's market.

Worked okay the first few days, but then the following problems slowly began:1) When I get a call, sometimes it beeps and vibrates like it's suppose to. Other times when I get a call it does nothing until a few seconds later when it beeps to tell me I missed a call.2) When online, the browser will sometimes just freeze up or close without warning. When it freezes up, sometimes the only solution is to pull the battery which sometimes causes all settings and information to be lost. I have to back up the phone nightly for this reason.3) When my calendar alarm goes off, sometimes it will beep and vibrate like it's suppose to, other times it will just beep without vibrating.4) When my alarm goes off for a calendar event and I try to press either the 'snooze' or 'stop' button, sometimes the alarm won't stop.5) When I click on an event under the calendar, sometimes it opens the details of the event, but other times it opens a small window with the options of 'delete' or 'send'.6) When standing outside, the GPS may pick up satellites within a minute or so, but if I turn it off and try it again, it sometimes takes up to 20 minutes to locate the satellites again while standing in the same location. I can stand in that same spot with my Garmin GPS and it will pick up the satellites every time within a minute.7) When opening a video on YouTube's desktop version, half the time, instead of playing the video, it just shows the flash player icon where the video usually plays. (I tried deleting their latest application update and this seems to have fixed the problem.)8) Calendar events no longer show up on main screen.I went through 3 Nokia 5800's which all had the same problems. Nokia's support was horrible. They had me perform a hard reset and update the software on all 3 phones multiple times only to have the problems return after a few days. After many calls, resets and updates, they told me to do it again. I eventually refused and explained to them that performing a hard reset and updating the software was not a solution. They said I had to then send it in to them for repair. I reluctantly agreed. When they returned the phone, I found out that their "repair" was to perform a hard reset and update the software once again. Surprisingly, it didn't work.Amazon's support and return policy on the other hand was EXCEPTIONAL!

Excellent, I am very happy with my Nokia 5800 XpressMusic. I have a month with him and has not given me any problems, I like the touch screen, good sound, the memory of everything you want to save. Nokia, what else? ..!

Well, I won't give you tech details about, just because you can get any of them directly from the Nokia site or others reviews right here. What I would want to share is that I'm very happy with this phone. I've been using it for about over a month and I'm so happy with it.The QWERTY (normal one) works excellent, the hand written function is also VERY useful. Calling people or sending text messages is so simple (the usage of the phone book is so simple). You can get cool free apps at the OVI store. Radio work great. Music player works great. Video also awesome. The GPS at firs did take about 20 min. to hookup with sat link, but after that, it work perfect (using the nokia maps app) with no kind of internet connection or aditional service fee. I have 0 complains (up till now) about this phone. The only problem that I did encounter was (not directly with the phone) that in the description of the product (when I got it) it said that in the box was the data cable, hands-free earphones, charger, tv-out cable, stand, and stylus pen. Well the stand and the tv-out cable were not in the box. The stand I don't really need, but the cable is something that can be useful. But anyways, got this sorted out and now all is well and good.And just to close, (because a lot of friends asked me about this) I've used iPhones before, and I won't say it's better or worst than an iPhone, but that it is a great alternative to it. I, personally, wouldn't change it for an iPhone or Ovnia (another product I tried).

My daughter wanted an iPhone but even she agreed it was overpriced.  She picked this one to replace her broken Motorola "Ming."  She loves it!  That's saying a lot for someone as picky about her phones as she is.  I gave it 5 stars because of the cost to quality and feature ratio.  Instead of listing what it has, it would be a much shorter list of what it doesn't have.  Check out the specs if you're interested in a good multi feature phone.

I have been eyeing this phone for months watching for a price break, which finally happened last week. On top of that great deal, I am going to send my phone to Nokia Trade Up For Cash program, which means overall I have spent $200 on this really cool phone.I had Nokias my whole cell phone history and last year got a Motorola. I really did like my Z9 but it was almost obsolete from day 1 (but I really don't have anything bad to say about it, it was a good phone.) I missed Nokia with their simple menus and excellent quality.To be honest, the menus are no longer simple and sometimes seem counterintuitive LOL. And the touchscreen is a bit hard to use with the fingers like touching an iPhone (I have an iPod Touch so I was waffling between this phone and the iPhone). The touchscreen works very well with the included styli though. And my learning curve is getting better with touch, so I don't see it being a problem after a while. I think the accelerometer is faster than my Touch, almost too quick sometimes. The Music Player is the bomb! Way louder than my Touch and perfect clarity. It sounds amazing. I don't even need an additional speaker like I need for my Touch.The screen is gorgeous and so far setting up everything has gone well. I have my music transferred, my contacts transferred and am very happy. I like the compact size and heft of the phone. I don't like lightweight feeling phones. The camera seems fine to me. The battery life does seem to be on the shorter side but make sure you close web applications after use. The phone does so much that you can dejuice it quickly. My Touch does the same thing.Nokia definitely needs to step up with apps and also get the Music Store available for the US! Also if you message the downloads to yourself it is a pain, so it is better to download on the phone direct from the store. The App selection bites though, but that's what my ipod is for. The thrill of app-ness dies down anyway, so it's not really a big deal, but not having music store access is just silly.Otherwise this phone is very competitive to iPhone. Being upgradeable with its memory is a definite plus and you can even have many memory cards since it's hot swappeable, technically that is unlimited memory. I love my Touch of course but I got an 8g and I'm maxed out with music and apps and now I can't do anything to it unless I get rid of stuff. That kinda bites. So the 5800 has a true edge there.I already had AT&T; and it was no problem to pop my SIM card in the phone and move right along. I had everything except the TV out cord and the stand which it appears on the website that they do not sell that in the package anymore so that is more Amazon's fault for not upgrading the info, but I don't really need the stand or cord. The USB cord is entirely too short. The headset comes in 2 pieces with a piece that can control the music and phone, which is very nice. Of course the charger is included and is acceptable. It easily connected with my internet, easily paired with my bluetooth, and once I finally figured out how to transfer music from my ipod to it, there were no problems there.I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it for people who want a quality touchscreen phone and not necessarily an iPhone.PS I LOL at 8g holding 6000 songs. Maybe 6000 ringtone sound bytes. 8g will net you between 600-800 average songs....

all the equipment that you need in a single packagesometimes turns slowly when exiting applications but still rocks

This is a superb phone if you have AT&T, it does not support T-Mobile's 3G Network (only EDGE which is today surprisingly good) if it did I would give it 5 stars. Easy interface, intuitive, navigation works, many applications from Nokia's Ovi Store, e-mail is a bit complicated but works, you need to figure out on your own though how to update its firmware, it has many improvements over the original release from Nokia. The camera is good (not great) and I love the music library interface, comes with a free 8 GB Micro SD card.

I bought this cell phone because it looked amazing online and was packed with some great features like the touch screen, 3G support, wifi, 3.2 MP camera with flash, etc. However, my excitement about buying Nokia 5800 cell phone did not last for long. When I switched on the phone I felt that the screen was too cluttered with icons, the touch screen was not too responsive and the interface was not user friendly. In spite of having a Carl Zeiss camera lens with LED flash, the pictures taken were not that good.

JANUARY 2010 UPDATE:  After having used the Nokia for a week, decided on returning it because of the short battery life and then even with an updated firmware, the screen became unresponsive needing turning off and on again the device in order to use the phone features.  As much as I like Nokia, they still have a long way to go with touch screens.INITIAL REVIEW: After one year using a Nokia E-71 which I dropped and stopped working, I searched for a replacement and found this XpressMusic5800 for $219.00 OnLine.  Ordered it from the blue computer store and have been "playing with it" for only 24 hours.  Nevertheless, being a recently introduced device in the US, thought on sharing my first impression for those who are considering it.Users familiar with Nokia products will love how user friendly this phone is.  Those unfamiliar with Nokia, might have a hard time setting up the many phone's features but it's worth your time.  Once you open the box, will find a device much smaller than what you thought it would be.  The most attractive thing is how narrow it is.  Slightly shorter than an I-Phone and E-71, much narrower than both but somewhat thicker; a tad more than half inch.  Included is a wired remote control for the player, mic/headphones, the wall charger, strap, MicroSD card and a mini disk for installing the Nokia features.On the upper part of the device there is a micro USB dock, the port for the regular headset, the charging port and the on/off switch. On the right side there is a volume switch, the unlocking switch and a separate camera switch.  The left side houses an 8GB MicroSD card (included) and the SIM Card from your phone carrier.  The expected Nokia strap hooks on the lower left side of the phone.  The battery is on the back, facing downwards and to access it you need to remove the whole back cover.  The phone comes in shiny black which is a fingerprints magnet.When you turn it on it vibrates, shows the usual Nokia welcome and then allows you to program it.  I was able to configure my two main e-mails but guess you can do several more.  On my E-71 I had four different mail accounts constantly receiving messages.  The native wallpaper is black with some waves but you can easily change it to your favorite photo.  I downloaded several screens from the Apple website since the screen is somewhat similar to the I-Phone and I-Pod in shape and dimensions.On a very T-Mobile way, you can have your "four favorite people" on the main screen and once you touch their corresponding picture/icon, the phone shows a history of calls made, received, text messages and e-mails; quite innovative.  On the lower area you have an icon for phone dialing and another for your contacts.  The phone dialing keyboard works only in the vertical position but the font keyboard is accessed also while the device is horizontal.  Making a call trough the contact list is very easy the device is loaded with features.Call quality is excellent and even at its loudest setting there is no distortion.  The touch sensing screen is not as fast and accurate as the Apple devices but good enough for not needing the stylus that is housed on the rear of the phone.  As a music player it is outstanding.  Playback is trough the two micro speakers on the lower sides and sound quality as well as stereo separation are very good.  Nokia offers on this device all the goodies that make them unique such as saying the caller's name/ID, unique caller ringtones & photos and several customizable user modes. There are many features that I have not yet tried but will do during the next week or so.  My service is with ATT and works in both frequencies; EDGE & 3-G,Now, the limitations of the Nokia 5800:First; the battery life.  Nokia products have been famous for their extended batteries.  My E-71 could be used without recharging up to three days.  On the 5800, the battery drains in six hours. The stated four hours of talk time and two weeks of standby time are far from reasonable.What I did to prolong battery life was disable the vibrations when the screen gets a command, disable the 3-G (use EDGE only) and made the Bluetooth available for search for only one minute.  As of today, with regular calls, internet use, e-mails and music, after 15 hours of nonstop use, the battery still has like 40% charge.Second and quite disappointing, the installation mini disk as well as the software upgrades on the Nokia Website is not compatible with Windows 7.  After downloading all the suites, OVI, and ancillary software, many of these do not work with Win-7. Then tried these with a NetBook running Win-XP and no problem with the updates.Having stated all this, I consider that for the price paid ($219.00), the Nokia 5800 is a bargain when compared with their 51XX and 53XX series, mostly because of its music playing capabilities, awesome call features and quality.  But in my case, the battery issue might make me consider other alternate phones.  Let's see what I decide and meanwhile, I hope that this initial review helps you to decide if the Nokia 5800 is the phone for you.  In case that you are considering an I-Phone, you should wait. The new, smaller and slim I-Phone 4-G goes on sale in June 2010.

I had been looking for a new phone for a long time.  Every phone in the AT&T store and at their online site just did not seem to be attractive.  Sure, the iPhone is great, but I didn't want to commit to a 2 year contract with a required $30/month data plan attached.  And I can't replace the battery myself?  Can't use the phone as a wireless modem? Hmmmm, there must be a better option.  Hey, what's this?  An unlocked Nokia phone that doesn't require a monthly data plan and I'm not locked into a 2 year contract?  I can use the phone as a modem and the battery is easily replaced?  Too good to be true?  Actually it just gets better from there.  Don't want to incur data charges? Just go find a local wi-fi spot and you're online in a few seconds!  Oh, its an incredible music/media player as well.  The built in speakers are the best I have ever heard coming from mobile phone or any other small device.  If I turn the volume all the way up I can rock my office when I am alone, otherwise I need to turn it down or plug in the headphones.  Did I mention the GPS?  Very nice feature for a phone, but it was a little slow giving directions during a trip to Seattle recently, still worked ok and helped me find my way around town.  I signed up for the free trial and it was useful, but my Garmin does a better job, but the Garmin was more expensive than this phone and that is its primary function. Still a cool feature, but that's not what I bought it for.  First and foremost I use this as a mobile phone!  You know, talking to people the old fashioned way, by voice.  And this phone does that function flawlessly as well as letting me access the internet either via hot spots or through AT&T's 3.5G network (must mean that they're half way to 4G), which blankets Southern California and worked well in Seattle too.  The other features you'd expect are present as well, a decent 3.2 mg camera and video that are fun to use, 8gb of micro SD storage and easy USB connection to your computer for uploading your favorite tunes, which you can use for your ringtones. So if you want a great phone that does just about everything an iPhone does and a few things more, for less and without a 2 year contract and a required data plan, check out this Nokia, you won't be disappointed.  In the interest of full disclosure, I have to admit that I signed up for an unlimited data plan for $15/month that does not carry any commitment, I can drop it at any time, but I enjoy being able to look things up or access my email while away from my office that I have continued to use it.  Also, don't be concerned that this is an unlocked phone, its too easy to set up if you have an existing phone you are replacing.  Just slide out the sim chip in the old phone and slide it into the Nokia.  Pop the battery in and you are good to go!  Now go have fun!

This phone died within one week.  I had to return it to Amazon for refund.  Amazon was very professional and speedy about the return and the refund, so 100% satisfaction with Amazon.However, the phone was a waste of time and aggravation.  Very cheaply made.Absolutely no confidence in this Nokia product.Nokia 5800 XpressMusic Unlocked Phone with U.S. 3G, 3.2 MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, and 8 GB MicroSD Card--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)

well...i just got this sweet phone from amazon a couple of weeks ago, and is a very good phone, it has nice features, the image is good, camera is good, touch screen is not as sensitive as the iphone, but is very good also...anyway is a good phone, i rather nokia than iphone anyway, nokia is tougher.the only problem that i had with is that the speakers is not that good....when you put a music with some boom boom like hip-hop and the volume is at his maximum it get a lil distortion, its noticible when you put the speakers at max volume.but thats the only problem...witch is not even a problem, if you want to listen to loud music buy a boom-box.by the way....the volume with the headphones on is loud and good.so if you where like me, allways with a mobile and an ipod, just buy the nokia 5800 express music.you gonna like it.thanks for reading, i hope it helps.>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCc

I have bought this phone 3 weeks ago and have been very satisfied with the purchase. This phone is perfect for someone who does not want to pay $30/month for a data plan, and has not yet been converted to use the iPhone interface (which I agree is more intuitive if you are into using your fingers). Make sure you upgrade to the latest v40 firmware. The feature set is awesome and is better than the iPhone imho - offline GPS (i.e. the gps can be used without data plan), expandable memory, multitasking, replaceable battery (essential in my opinion as batteries are usually the first component to fail in a phone), handwriting recognition, stereo speakers with surround sound (music from the built-in speakers is also the best I have seen).I love the fact that it has a built-in stylus. When my fingers are dirty/sweaty I can avoid touching the screen. The wifi works very well - though I suggest you don't use the Nokia Browser. I have downloaded Opera Mobile and Skyfire for free and those browsers are awesome. Webpages are rendered as if I am on my desktop! I can even watch Flash videos, unlike on the iPhone. The camera could be better when compared with other phones on the market, but it's no big deal given I prefer to use a real digital camera for taking pics anyway. Picture quality on a phone can never match high-end digital cameras, due to the small size of the sensor and lens on a phone. However, it is still the best phone camera I have ever owned. Love the dual led flash. I can even use it as a bright flashlight using a free app available on the Ovi Store!Another feature I love is that the phone has two cameras. The second one can be used for video chats. This is again impossible on the iPhone given the latter has only one camera. The phone size is thicker, lighter and narrower than the iphone, hence easier to hold onto.The major con I see with the phone is that it does not support asian languages, so my chinese song titles do not show up properly. Nokia refuses to provide language packs for US customers. The other pet-peeve I have is that the calendar alarm cannot be stopped using the hard buttons. Otherwise this is the perfect phone for me!

First off, when I was looking for a basic (unlocked), no bells and whistle phone. But couldnt find one that fit my needs. (Purchased a supposed basic unlocked Motorola off Ebay, different story, but lesson learnt, don't trust Ebay)I have a new Ipod touch, so did really want apps, wifi and media. But after being unsuccessful in a basic phone search, I thought about getting a full featured phone and eliminate my itouch. After reading all the reviews about this phone and seeing the price of an Iphone (well out of budget), I decided on this nokia.Once receiving this phone, setting it up and with playing some java games on the device. Upon using I immediatly realized that this phone is not even close to the same ballpark as apple products.Comparing this nokia to my itouch (pretty much a iphone), I began to notice that this phone is not as refined as apple options.1) The screen is a pain to use, even with the stylus, screen feels soft, not as sensitive and annoying. It gets scratched easily, my ipod is 12 months old and not a mark to be seen, this phone is now 2 weeks old and has a few deep marks. I have purchased protector to eliminate this.2) The apps and games available for this phone are terrible, I have downloaded 20-30 java games and apps for this phone and have deleted all but two. Graphics, game play and entertainment on all games is terrible. I have downloaded (not purchased) awful games from itunes, but then there are some great games. The graphics of these java games remind me of my first ever gameboy and I would prefer to use the gameboy as the on-screen function of the nokia is crap.3) This phone has issues, it freezes at times and you get a solid blue screen, shutting down and a minute later and the phone is fine (happened twice in two weeks).This phone is great as a phone (only as a phone), easy to use, great for contact detail, good battery life (3-4 days with minimal use, 1-3 with moderate)great sound for media/calls and acceptable Wifi. For the price I think this phone has great value, it was one of the cheapest I could find with wifi, great for music and movies (forget games and apps). I travel a bit and basic phone Wifi is great to check emails and facebook at free hotspots.In the end I will keep this phone it does what I require, but I will still be keeping my ipod touch, its just so much more enjoyable to use. My advice if you have/can justify the money get a unlocked Iphone, if not this nokia will suffice.

I currently live in Nicaragua and I had seen this phone on the market however it was extremely expensive ($480 aproximately) however for some reason I looked it up on amazon and it was a great surprise when I saw it was nearly $200 less here So I decided to buy it and I must admit I was a little scared to do so but I was greatly surprised when I finally got it in my hands, I had it sent over however the person who received it over there loved it as well and was surprised when he got it before the expected date! the features are really cool and I've had no problems with the phone. However there is one thing, My charger doesn't work! There I was using the phone after supposedly charging it all night and it dies and I was concerned, however My best friend has a Nokia and lend me her charger and it worked just fine thank god hehe and also the battery life is pretty good I think, at least in my case, it's lasted more than 2 days before completely dying and I have been using it a lot b/c I'm still transfering contacts and other stuff. I love the display and the only thing i don't like too mcuh is the writing panel cuz I like to use the small one  and it's a little hard to get every letter straight however the big one is very spacious and nice. the camera quality is pretty good, I had a motorola a1200 before and although it was a 2.0 px camera the quality was amazing so I was worried that this one was not gonna be as good even though it had better resolution, but it's turned out real good. I would definnately recommend this phone

The phone was in a good condition and seemed to be brand new. My brother-in-law is using the phone and is very happy on receiving it because he has been waiting 4 this phone ever since his old nokia 5800 xpressmusic broke down. Thank you Amazon.com and CLC Wholesale for delivering the phone on time.

My Nephew is the user of this cell and he is very happy with this cell. he Does recomed it. I do recomend the Seller... Shipment on Time. No complaints

I was very excited when I found this phone and couldn't wait for it to come.  I wanted a reasonably priced smartphone that allowed access to the web, made phone calls, had gps, a decent camera, etc etc that was NOT an IPhone.  I'm just not buying the IPhone koolaid, having tried them a number of times, they don't excite me. I just wanted a practical high-tech phone at a good price (with no contract) and this seemed to be it.  But it's not.Problem #1 is phone call quality using AT&T; in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Your experience with another carrier in another area may differ, but this phone could not effectively make a phone call.  I'd dial out, get connected, and within seconds I'd lose the call, all while standing perfectly still. I'd receive a call, answer it, and within seconds the call was dropped, or it would be dropped while it was ringing. Out of a dozen calls that I made or received in the first day, I only had a satisfactory phone call 3 times.  Of those 3 times, the person at the other end said that always, every time, the sound was horrible and they could barely understand me, though I heard them well.  And just to prove that it is this phone, I took out the sim, put it into a cheap GSM phone I own, and I have great call quality, no dropped calls, and it works like a charm.  It's the phone (perhaps in conjunction with AT&T;, but other phones work).Problem #2 is dealing with WIFI.  I set up the wifi connection for the wifi in my house, putting in the passcode (which stupidly you need to do with a phone-pad keyboard).  Then I'd go to the web browser and it would be using AT&T.;  So, I found that there are 3(I think, maybe more) places you can set up this wifi connection, did them all, and somehow after quite a number of hours, I got it to use my wifi connection.  But....a few minutes later, I tried it again, and it asked me for my passcode for that network. So I put it in again, laboriously.  Then an hour later I tried again, and it couldn't see the wifi network, even though I was 5 feet from the wireless router.  So, I turned off the phone, turned it back on again, and sure enough it finds the network, but it needs my passcode again.  This is not convenient. In fact, it is not even usable. I was never able to get this phone to retain the passcode to my wireless network for any length of time more than a few minutes over 2 days of trying.The new phone I received needed to have it's software updated. I highly recommend you do that right away, as the new software is a vast improvement over the software that ships with the phone.  That said, it takes a long time to update.  And even though it is a vast improvement, the new software still has plenty of oddities, irrational quirks, and just plain weirdnesses that are too numerous to detail.  Their software development team badly needs a consistency control department.  Each application, or portion of an application works differently, with no consistency among them as to user interface and interaction. It's a frustrating experience. And although they improved the scrolling tremendously from the software in the device out of the box, it still isn't a good scrolling experience.The GPS was not nearly as accurate as my friends' IPhones.  I don't know why but my friends' IPhoness get me standing in front of my house as just that, me standing in front of my house. This phone has me about 1/2 block down and across the street (or around the corner, or on the next street over).  If GPS that is accurate to within 1 city block +/- is good enough for you, that's great, I don't think it will work for me.I've sent my phone back.  I can tell after just a few days that I'll never be happy with this phone.  It's a shame really, because by specification it is exactly what I want.  It just doesn't work as specified.

This is a good phone, but the interface is a bit rough. When i say rough it really means that it is quite difficult to find some thing on the phone. I would also like to highlight that wireless connection breaks very often, and you are not notified if this happens.

Feels cheap as a whole this phone is cheap do not waste your money. Made of plastic and extremely cheap I cannot say cheap enough.

I am very happy with the phone though I can not even use all its functions

Just got this phone and honestly, I prefer this touchscreen over others.Browsing the web though has left a lot to be desired as web pages don't display correctly.  Also my XP computer refuses to recognize this phone and the Nokia Updater won't run.  Amazon - where is the cute little stand that is supposed to be included?  I didn't get it!

Well, all I have to say is that this phone is amazing. It's light, beautiful and It is a really smartphone. You can download and install a lot of apps from Ovi Store (like you dowmload apps for an iPhone from the iTune store). You can keep your 4 favorite contacts on the main screen. I had an iPhone and I sold it to buy this awesome Nokia 5800. I also upgraded my Nokia 5800 to 16GB (something you can't do with an iPhone). When I bought it I thought 3G was not going to work in my town 'cause it says that this is the U.S. version and I live in D.R. But, 3G works perfectly with Claro which is the only communication company that provides 3G in town. I totally recommend this phone. 5 stars!

I'm writing this review from the perspective of an American who lives and travels overseas. Because of this, I was looking for an unlocked, quad-band GSM phone that had 3G, Wifi, GPS, a decent screen size for video and a good app selection. Plus, I wanted this all at a reasonable price since I would not be getting any plan subsidy. Using this criteria the 5800 seemed perfect and there are a lot of great things about this phone for the traveler which I'll go into later. The main negative I found was that the American version of this handset and the others in its product line do not support 3G outside of the Americas. The 5800 American edition does not support the UMTS (3G) 2100 frequency (Wikipedia has an entry under "list of UMTS networks" that show which carriers use which frequency). Now the point can be made that I bought American edition and shouldn't be surprised that it won't pick up 3G in other countries. The only problem is that almost all of Nokia's other American version 3G handsets like the N97, X6 and E75 (my wife's phone)do support the 2100 frequency. To be fair, the 5800 will support EDGE networks wherever you want to go and if you use a browser like opera mini, you may not even notice that much of a difference in general web browsing. It's just something to consider if  you are looking at this as an international travel phone and a fast data connection is important to you.Now the 5800 does have some very nice features for the traveler that should be noted. First and foremost is the ability to pre-install free Ovi maps in your phone before you get on the plane. This allows you to use the 5800's GPS with voice directions without an active data connection. This is something that other free mapping services, like Google maps, cannot do. Of course you could go with third party software like Ndrive and pay up to $70 per map. Personally, I'll go with free. Of course with Nokia there is usually a catch. This one is that not every Nokia handset that has a GPS gets free Ovi maps. The 5800 does but my wife's E75, a phone released the same year and is much more expensive than the 5800, does not. If you are looking at other other Nokia phones and this feature is important to you, then check make sure the phone can use free Ovi maps.Another important travel feature is that the 5800 has Wifi. If you spend time overseas, you will probably be buying local pre-paid sim cards (the 5800's quad-band GSM capability lets you do that everywhere) with no or expensive data service. Therefore, Wifi is essential. Find a free hot spot at a coffee shop and you can check your email, tweet, update your Facebook and make Skype calls back home. The Nokia catch here is that connecting with Wifi can be a mysterious and confusing process. You would think that once you hook up to a Wifi connection then that the phone would automatically use that connection as the default. We'll you would be wrong. The first thing you need to do is go into all your applications that go online and insure that the default connection is set to "always ask". That way you can select the connection you want the app to use. If you don't then the 5800 may or may not use the free Wifi connection and instead drain the money out of your sim card without you noticing.As for long train, plane and automobile rides, the 5800 is a very decent media player. It has a standard 3.5mm audio jack and the music playback is very good quality. The screen is on the small side for video, coming in at 3.2 inches, but it is very high res at 360 by 640 and hence the video is sharp and clear. The screen is also in 16:9 widescreen format that means that the black bar problem on widescreen movies is not so noticeable. You will need to convert your videos to the MP4 format for the installed Real Player, but you would want to do that anyway to bring the file size down. Nokia also provides a generous 8 GB micro SD card, that can be upgraded to 16 GB. That means that right out of the box you can put a lot of media on the phone, without having to spend money on a bigger SD card.As for apps, the 5800 uses the S60V5 software and the phone has been out long enough that there are a fair amount of apps for the phone. You may have to dig for it, but pretty much everything I want the 5800 to do, and I want it to do a quite a lot, there is an app out there to let me do it. The difference with Apple and Android is that you may have 10 flavors of apps to do the 1 task you want, while with S60v5 you will probably only have one. The Nokia catch here is that S60V5 is a tough operating system to get to know and work with. It is not intuitive and can be initially very frustrating, but with time you get used to it's quirks and there's lot's of support on-line in different forums to help you learn the ropes.In the end I was looking for a phone that if I was traveling very light could do all the things a basic netbook could do. Despite it's lack of 3G outside North and South America, the 5800 does meet those expectations. With a small folding Bluetooth keyboard (The Iphone won't let you do that yet) and a battery backup charger (get one that uses either AA or AAA batteries so you can keep replacing the batteries)I can watch movies, listen to music, write long emails or notes and play games for all of my long haul flights and layovers. There is even an e-book app (ereader) that works pretty well if you bump the font up. Then when I finally do get to my destination, I can fire up the GPS and load a local sim card and I'm moving and communicating in no time. All this for a reasonable price without a contract.There is no question that Nokia delivers great hardware value with their handsets. The challange for Nokia will be to develop a operating system with plenty of apps that let's the user smoothly and easily take advantage of all that great hardware. With stores in the US selling $99 dollar 8GB IPhone 3GSs (with a two year contract), there is becoming less and less reason for folks to put up with Nokia's "Quirks."

I had upgraded the micro SD card from a 8 gig to a 16 gig.  Afterwhich, I uploaded 8+ gig apps, music and video.  Upon restarting the phone, the OS would not boot past the Nokia blue welcome screen.  The phone would then just freeze at the screen.  I had to perform a hard reset and remove the memory card in order to have the phone boot up properly.  Then, I removed some apps, music and video below 8 gigs for the phone to boot properly.  I returned the phone because it didn't live up to what it was advertised....being able to handle 16 gigs.  I, then, borrowed my friend's Euro-spec version of the phone and it seemed to work without any problems.

after almost 3 months, no complaints so far and can't beat the price. love it.

I have bought this phone few days ago and I must say that this phone has everything you need.Main advantage over the iPhone.- You pay the price once and no need to worry about contracts. It's unlock phone!!!!!.- No data plan required like iPhone.- Replacable battery.This phone is very user friendly and simple to use. So far I haven't had any trouble using this phone.

Power off your NokiaBefore removing your tiny memory card, take note of the orientation as you are removing it, if you forget RTFM (Read The Find Manual)Power on your NokiaA screen will show up asking if you want to get out of the offline modeSelect "YES", thank God!If you select "NO", you Idiot!, repeat this instruction from the beginning.Good Luck mate!.....................................Source (Thanks to Nigel):I have a nokia N80 smartphone with the latest firmware (v5). I also have lots of customized applications installed.Yesterday I switched it to offline mode, and then powered down.MISTAKE!On powering up I then got prompted for "Do you wish to stay in offline mode" but regardless of what I entered it would not go online, and was running slow. A very smart phone now... :-(I tried all combinations of power up/down, menus etc to no avail, although did notice on shutdown I could see the "Enter PIN" dialogue, but it was hidden/in the background and inaccessible.Finally I removed the memory card and it switched to online mode perfectly. I was then able to replace the memory card & things carried on working fine.So I guess some sw interaction - but a useful tip - if you get stuck in offline mode, try booting up without memory card. I also recommend installing all except critical software to the memory card - makes it easy to disable in case of any problems-- Nigel......................................no gateway replyUse the instruction as a guide.  If you follow the instruction verbatim, you might end up confusing your self like I did.  Best of luck![...]

is an excellent choice if you are looking for a touch screen smart phone, I've had a phew touch screen phones in the past but this is the best one yet, the only thing that I wasn't 100% happy with is the camera is not a very good one when there is not much light, but the rest is fantastic, the different writing modes are the best, you won't even notice it's a touch screen, berceuse you can blast emails and SMS messages like with a keyboard cell phone.

Phone features are very nice.  However after a few months, it started to shutdown without warning (battery was charged) and sometimes, when this happens, it would erase the entire contents.  I've contacted amazon's customer service several days ago asking what I should do, and did not receive any replies.  Despite the fact that this is a nice phone, it's better to buy a more sturdy one.UPDATE: I've contacted Nokia USA which confirmed the phone is under warranty and asked to ship the phone to be serviced.  They returned the phone with the same problem.  I contacted their customer service and they asked to send the phone again.  Waiting for the outcome, hopefully the phone will be really fixed this time.

I bought this phone 3 months back when it was on sale discarding all the negative reviews and warnings by Amazon users. Now i feel that I made a huge mistake. I shouldn't have paid [...] for this piece of crap.1. The phone died the first day. Yes.. after couple of hours of use the phone just went black and couldn't reboot after. So had to sent it back to dell and they sent me a new one.2. The touch screen is not responsive at times. You sometimes have to use your nails and press so hard.3. Scrolling on this phone sucks. It is so frustrating when the scroll is so slow and doesn't respond at all sometimes.4. THIS PHONE FREEZES. Yes.. When you are in the middle of a conversation, the phone can go all black. You will be able to talk but won't be able to disconnect the call or do anything else. None of the buttons work, neither do the touch screen. Not even the on/off switch works at this point. You have to manually remove the battery to reboot it. Someday this happens 2 or 3 times. I did read about this problem but didn't believe it will be true for every unit, but it is.5. The dial pad doesn't have alphabets, it has only numbers. So if you want to dial 1-800-amazon or something like that, you have to search for another phone with alphabets and numbers or remember it all.6. Bluetooth is not compactable with my BMW car kit. It connects and disconnects all the time. Nokia asked me to call BMW to get a fix on this. I would rather keep my car than this piece of junk.7. Making a call or getting contact details is sometimes a lengthy process. Contacts and logs are not easily accessible while you are on a call.The phone is not worth the money. Nokia needs to improve the functionality in order to compete in this market. I would recommend not buying this phone until all these issues are fixed in the next release.

Review amended Nov. 2010After 6 months of use this is how I view the 5800 XpressMusic now.Pros:The 5800 ExpressMusic is a very adequate 3G phone.  The touchscreen is smooth, both the touchscreen and soft keypad are very responsive. It hold a lot of media in it's external micro-SD card (up to a 16gb microSD now).  The sound volume is good using it's internal speakers and with both wired and wireless headsets.  It pairs easily with multiple bluetooth devices. It picks up wi-fi connections quickly and connects to the available wi-fi router in a reasonable amount of time.  The software is intuitive and things are where you expect them to be.Cons:The camera takes somewhat good pictures, especially with the flash. The camera does have focus problems in low and excessively bright light. When I say focus problem, I'm not intimating that the pictures are blurry or look like you are taking pictures under water, but that they are not sharp.  This could be called "soft" focus.  The video camera takes video, not particularly sharp video, but it adequately gives you decent video images.  The camera/video part of this phone is not equivalent to a stand-alone camera, like my Panasonic Lumix. It won't fast focus or quickly adjust to changes in available light.The 5800's GPS is a real GPS, but that said, it takes a long time to link to enough satellites to actually see your position on the provided maps.  The free maps are very good, once they appear.  I sat with the Nokia GPS and my Tom Tom 340XL under a cloudless sky and started both searching for satellites at the same time. The TomTom connected and found itself in less than a minute, the Nokia GPS took almost 4 minutes to come alive.  Once it did connect it did function as well as the TomTom, with respect to showing the relative position.  As I use the GPSs primarily for location while walking and I don't drive, I can't describe it's performance in an automobile.The screen of the 5800 while not distorted as intimated in a previous review, is slightly wavy, but not in any way unpleasant to view.  I don't find this waviness to be a problem.  What I do find to be a screen problem is its tendency to be a fingerprint magnet.  I spend a lot of time wiping the screen on my shirt to get rid of the latent fingerprints.  The FBI would love this phone if it could suck fingerprints from an adjacent surface.  I have the same fingerprint problem with my Compaq 931 laptop, but I don't get fingerprints on its screen as often as with the 5800.The last con I want to bring up is the battery life.  The 5800 does have an auto-shutdown feature which shuts off the screen and asks you to push the unlock lever on the side to restore the screen.  The problem with the auto-shut off feature appears to be, that the screen goes off as it should, but if I leave the camera function on and then while the screen shuts down, it does not shut down the camera and the battery continues to be depleted as if the screen was on and I was using the camera.  The same appears to happen if I leave the video player on and let the phone go into auto-shutdown mode.  I would hope that Nokia would address this in a future update, but they may not be aware that it is a problem.With consideration of all of the above, would I still buy this camera if I had it to do all over again?  Yes, I would and knowing what has been presented here, and in other reviews for the price, I would recommend the phone to others who are considering it vs. other 3G phones.

So I was a little hesitant to get a nokia touch screen at first because nokia isn't big in the US market as much as it is overseas.  I had a cheap nokia a long time ago and I always found that it had the best reception and best battery life of all my phones.  Let me give you a little info about myself.  I work at a cell phone kiosk in Sam's Club and so I deal with phones with sprint, att, and verizon.  I think of myself as very knowledgable about cell phones.  I have had many!  Here are my pros and cons about this phone:Pros:1) Battery Life: I have had many touch screens (instinct, moment, hero, pixi, G1) and of all the phones I have had the battery life lasts sooooo much longer.  I have been playing with my phone all day running the wifi, making calls, downloading games, playing games, and my battery has not gone down at all.2) Speaker:  Sound is so clear and loud. Probably the loudest I have had.3) Ease of Use4) Size: Not heavy at all and fits perfectly in the hand.5) Screen:  Very vibrant and great for watching videos.6) Music:  Once again great sound!7) Short cuts on main screen make it really easy to get to contacts you use a lot!8) Ovi market:  So many free games that are really well done.  Very different from android where games are really low budget and has ads.Cons:1) Camera: The only thing that I would agree with is the pictures aren't that great...but not bad.  It is sufficient.Bottom line:  If you want a great phone for the price this is it.

I bought this from another US online retailer, before amazon got phones to distribute, and updated it to new firmware within three days.Great phone, intuitive, sync with Outlook at work was reasonably easy.Bluetooth and WiFi are easy to set up.Screen brightness is too weak for outdoor use on sunny days.Camera is good in bright light, but abysmal in low light (but I've yet to see a phone camera worth more anything).GPS is dodgy, but better with an external Bluetooth GPS puck.Reception was bad out in Utah and Arizona on AT&T.; My wife's Motorola got better reception on the same network.3rd party apps are EASY to install; there are tons of apps and themes available (visit DailyMobile.se for an idea).Handwriting recognition is good, at least as good as my Palm T5. I miss recognition for non-latin characters. I want to be able to use Greek, Russian, Serbian, Hebrew, Korean and Japanese... maybe there's some software component (lang pack?) I need to find and install...Video playback is good, as is music. BUT making MP4 files for it is VERY hit and miss! Big problems making audio and video keep in sync. Will not yet play OGG Vorbis audio files. Bad, bad, bad.

Actually that is the second time that I buy this phone just to tell you that the item itself it really good. I'm a iphone owner (for work and I still love this phone).Interface as mentionnned in other reviews is not the best but definitely not the worse. Take excellent pictures, friendly to use to movies purchased from Amazon. Excellent with text.BUT the problem is Amazon did not ship me a new phone! I found on the phone text from a previous owner! I really upset considering that it does not say that it is refurbished or anything. When I bought it it was 10 dollars more expensve than on the nokia site including shipping but as far as I always got a good service with Amazon I went with them. Now I find out that the price droppes by 20 dollars to 240$.Again not a happy purchase.

I loved the way Nokia designed its first mobile touchscreen phone. The purchase was a gift for my wife secretly. She was impressed when she discovered the multimedia experience and web browsing it has. Of course, the OVI share experience to upload all her photos and receive comments from her friends and family, was what made her happy. This smartphone has everything required for a practical use of email, e-mail account wizards settings are very easily to use, and with the OVI suite you can have it all in one place. Multitask System Symbian 5th Edition is really the strength of this model, which allows to do many things at once. The only detail known is the battery consumption.

I like the expression, "a Nokia is a real phone."  You know you'll get excellent RF and audio performance, and good battery life. In the 5800 you get this and iPhone-like features. I know the Symbian OS is a little older, but reliable and being improved with 3rd party apps soon to follow in great quantity.

Al momento de comprarlo, no me fije que era la version america, sin embargo no he tenido problema usandolo en venezuela con la operadora digitel, la conexion de datos es rapida, el wifi y gps excelente, la camara un poco decepcionante al principio, ya que tomaba fotos blanquecinas, pero esto cambio totalmente cuando se actualizo el firmware del equipo, mejorando mucho la camara.otro punto debil del movil es la duracion de la bateria cuando utilizas el wifi, se consume rapidamente, del resto dura entre 1 y 2 dias.es rapido y la intefaz es muy intuitiva, el touch es muy bueno, la pantalla insuperable...lo recomiendo ampliamente, solo lo cambiaria por un nokia n900 ja ja ja!!!.

I have been using this phone for 5 months now, is great, the greatest feature is the GPS, sometimes is slow to connect but is pretty accurate. The web browsing is also great and fast, depends on the connection, I have not downloaded many applications, word and excel work fine and are good for working or having information on the go. The sound is excellent in voice calls, and in music mode. All in all I like the phone, highly recommended.

I decided to pick up an unlocked phone to go with my AT&T; service rather than go into another 2 year contract.  After months of deciding on IPhone or something different, I came to the conclusion that the missing features of the Iphone were too much for me.  I needed multi-media messaging, video recording capabilities and a better camera.  I also wanted the ability to change batteries at some point as I've had bad luck with devices that had built in batteries.  So I ruled out Iphone and went on a search for the perfect phone.  While I can easily say that there is no such thing as a perfect phone, the Nokia 5800 comes close.  I was going to wait until the N97 was released but the $600 or $700 price tag was too much to take.  I ended up buying the 5800 from Amazon at a reasonable $302 which was the same cost as the 16gb Iphone minus the 2 year contract.What I like about the phone:1. It has everything I need that the Iphone was missing including very good video recording capabilities.2. The Bluetooth works well with my car and head set.  No difference in sound and everything is very clear.3. Music Player is clean and clear but it could be a bit louder.4. Web browsing works well although not as smooth as the Iphone5. Flash support!!!!  Yes, you can watch youtube videos on it6. Amazon On Demand $50 gift certificate - While I don't see myself using the phone to watch movies, this was a nice treat and it looks very sharp on the screen7. Battery life is great compared to other phones that have these features and can be replaced8. Access to any type of e-mail including Exchange support9. The full digital keyboard is easy to use with the stylus (a bit tough for those of us with fat fingers!)10. Ability to use apps such as QIK which allows you to stream video for live sharing (very cool feature)11. Customer support from Nokia has been top notch for me12. Expandable memory - comes with 8GB card and I expanded it to 16GB.  I've heard through the grapevine that it can also handle the new 32gb SD cards that just came outLast but definitely not least13.  Multi tasking!  Listen to music while tracking your fitness and browsing the web.  No problem....well except for the actual working out part!What I think needs improvement1.  Camera takes incredible pictures in bright light but is brutal in low light situations.  Supposedly firmware V.21 helps this problem but it is not available in the U.S. yet2.  Limited Apps available compared to Iphone.  Not a big deal but it would be nice if Nokia can get their App store up and running beyond the limited themes and music tones out there right now3.  Firmware Updates - U.S. versions seem to be last on the list since no major carriers over here carry this phone.  Waiting for V.21......4.  Touch screen is fairly responsive but could use some additional customization for sensitivity5.  There is a learning curve for the Symbian software that runs the phone - Not as intuitive as the Iphone but once you get the hang of it is not too bad6.  Web browser - yes, it is one of the things I like but it also has some flaws with navigation.  Iphone got this one right and no one else has gotten closeOverall, in my opinion, this is one of the best phones on the market under $400.  I think the N97 coming out will be the king of phones but I doubt it will break into any major U.S providers since it would compete directly with Iphone, Storm, Pre, etc...  It's too bad for Nokia that they are left out and that means too bad for U.S owners of their phones since we get all the newest firmware releases last (if at all).  I don't see myself changing phones anytime soon as the 5800 seems to have everything I need for now.  Maybe if 4G or 5G or whatever is next on the horizon becomes available, I will consider changing.  For now, this is my choice.*****Update May 27, 2009*******Great news!!  The Nokia App store is now live (store.ovi.com).  I now feel like I have a complete phone as I can easily download apps and have them installed.  Prior to yesterday, the only way to get apps was to search for them on various sites, forums and other places.  The installs were always hit or miss and I could never tell if the app was compatible with the 5800.Now, with the new app store, I feel like the one thing missing has been fixed.  The number of apps seems to be very large upon the initial opening.  I heard that something like 20,000 apps were supposed to be released on launch day but there is no easy way to know how many are really out there.Prices seem a little bit higher than the IPhone store.  There are a good amount of free apps but the ones that cost money seem to range anywhere from $2.99 to $20.You can either shop the store on your computer and send a text link to you device or you can download the OVI app which will automatically connect you to the app store.Hopefully the amount of GOOD apps that are released will increase fast now that the store is open.  In my mind, the only benefit of the IPhone was the apps...but that it now in the past.Oh, and it seems like us U.S owners are getting abit more support.  The App updater works now and I was able to update to the newest version of Flash Lite which could only be done in the past through firmware updates. And speaking of firmware, I haven't checked to see if V.21 is available in the U.S. yet but tech support seemed to goof up a bit last week when they told me to download it to fix a minor issue I was having.  When I told them I couldn't see the update, they quickly corrected themselves and told me to keep checking.  So hopefully any day now!!Finally, I love this phone so much that I just picked up a second one for my wife.  With the $50 rebate, that puts the price to below $300 which is just amazing compared to what the IPhone would cost coupled with PDA monthly data charges. The 5800 is the winner.

Well what can I say.... The interfaz is SO FAST.... The touch screen I feel better than an iphone... I downloaded several aplicattions and games and with the accelerometter is awesome.... Great phone.... Great price.... it a MUST BUYYYYYY

excellent product and excellent sellerI am very happy with customer serviceexcellent ,excellent ,excellent ,excellent

It's a good phone, had it for nearly a year. It has great features, easy access, and it works. The battery life is pretty good for a smart phone. Music sounds good and it has a radio which is awesome. Free games, applications, and themes provided by the Ovi store. Wifi is wonderful. If you have no internet package the phone will make sure it does not accidentally use data. However, it does freeze and glitch if you open two or more applications, or listen to the radio and text at the same time. The screen has good resolution and display, but it could be bigger. Texting is not bad but is hard as the buttons don't respond right away, or if you turn the phone horizontally its nearly impossible to text. Sometimes the screen freezes as you are entering a text message and then picks up by dumping everything you've typed several seconds later. Again, needs bigger screen and buttons. Same with trying to dial a call- could be problematic. The camera quality is excellent and there are many different options for editing your pictures and videos. The call quality is good. It's not a pretty looking phone, but it is unique. It gives the "I really like it but not love it" feeling.

One of the best cells i've got.Real heavy duty, good performance even with its 400 Mhz cpu. There are a lot of better options right now.But if you are new (as i was to smartphones) this one can do many tricks.

The phone's functionalities are at par with what most reviewers and review sites have stated..unfortunately everything that it came with before as standard accessories were missing or in more appropriate words reduced (hence the price cut perhaps?)..Nokia took their time replying to my query as to what the sales package originally come with. Don't expect it to come with the same contents as the Euro, Asian counterparts because you'll be disappointed..Do take note that this is not Amazon's fault as Amazon merely resells these products to us..In fact Amazon was kind enough to send me a replacement as soon as I had informed them that the 'stand' (among other things) was missing.. Unfortunately it was still missing in the replacement.. In between the time it took for Nokia to respond to my query and the arrival of the replacement, I decided to keep the replacement and send back the first one, after Nokia finally answered that it was not included but gave no explanation why it wasn't. One thing to note as well.. Both 5800 versions I bought from Amazon, this Xpressmusic version and the Navigation Edition does not come with the proprietary Nokia microsdhc cards.. they came with microsdhc cards rated class 2, and these came with the Nokia-sealed tape, which means they were factory sealed.. so I dont' know why that is the case..Other than that, the phone serves its purpose and is a keeper

Good for 6 months. Screen took a dump. Spent almost $30 to send it back and to get it repaired since it's still under warranty. Phone came back with a new damaged screen and I've been jumping through hoops for almost two weeks now trying to get it repaired. Will NEVER buy Nokia again even though they've held up before. Would of given them a zreo had the site let me.

I don't work for Amazon or Nokia, but I absolutely love my Nokia 5800 XpressMusic.I am sure there are many better cellphones than this Nokia 5800, but for the price of $260 without any contracts- NO WAY!!!- Unlock phone good for T-Mobile and ATT. I don't think any unlock phone work on Sprint and Verizon.- Unlocked quad-band GSM, that means I can still use it when I travel and just put in a new foreign SIM-card to call.-GPS is absolutely FREE and DOESN'T require data plan or any other stupid monthly cost! It is a real GPS- not like iPhone, but work even better if you have google map and/or data plan.-Real internet access, perfect for wifi, just have to set it up. Being a smaller phone than iPhone, the screen is also small.-Music and Radio! You don't even need any music on the phone to listen to music. Come with external volume control, good with working out and listening to music.-3.2Camera with flash and focus- good enough for quick snap.-Screen is easy to type and responsive to touch- as good as any other touch screen. Ofcourse solid keyboard is always better. But unless you type a whole essay on it, you don't really need a keyboard.-English Speaking Dictionary, even free download of foreign languages. Good for travel.-Easy to download softwares through wifi or data plan. I suggest you download google map and google apps, IGNORE the message that google apps isn't applicable to Nokia 5800. Because it still work and I love it. You can always delete software very easily.Nokia 5800 is the "swiss knife" of low price phone of less than $300. If you have a lot of money, you can always hire a secretary- and she can do a lot more than just making phone calls.Hope this help.

This should be a 3.5 star review.  I have used this phone for almost a year now and so far it has been ok.  The phone is a touch phone that comes with a little stylus, which is lost easily but very cheap and easy to replace if you buy spares on eBay.  I barely use the stylus because I find it annoying, but when you want to press a smaller detail on the phone it's good to have. The display sort of looks like a wanna be iphone, and it responds fairly well to commands. The camera is nice and the video records fairly clear which is also nice.I have had to send mine in for service twice since I bought it, the first time for them to tighten the seams around when the phone locks and unlocks (it is a little switch that you push up to lock or unlock, which I find annoying and looks like it might break if you accidently push it too hard) which were coming loose, and the second time because my screen went black.  While this was annoying, the good thing was that it happened within the warranty period so the fixed it for free both times.  If you think somethign (and I mean anything)is wrong with the phone, call Nokia right away and don't linger until your warranty expires or else the won't fix it for free.The Bad-The phone is a fingerprint magnet and you will be constantly wiping-The screen is sort of plasticity feeling and not as nice as other touch screens-The phone is too thick, and if you get a cover(which you do need) it gets even thicker-The stylus is annoying and is easily lost-The graphics mess-up and freeze all the time, sometimes distort and you have to lock and unlock, or even reset in extreme cases, to fix them-Every couple of months the phone will get stuck and vibrate uncontrollably, you'll need to reset it to fix-It can sometimes get confused with orientation and won't known whether to be vertical or horizontal when you text-The setting take a little while to figure outThe Good-The phone is the nicest touch phone you'll find at such a low price-The customer service is helpful-It is very resilient for a touch phone and has withstood many falls and bangs (in part thanks to the case)-It seems like it will last you a couple years-It's a nice phone for someone on a budget who wants to get something a little nicer than a basic phone-You can browse the internet-You can download some apps and different features-I have never seen anyone else with the same phone at least here in Florida, and it seems to be a little more uncommon in the US, so you'll probably be the only person you know that owns one (which can be a good or a bad thing I guess)In conclusionIf you want a nice not too expensive touch phone, with some web capability get this phone, but if you're looking for and iphone or Android substitute look elsewhere.  If you want a nice phone that will last you at least a year or two try this one out.

I do not usually write reviews, but I like this phone so much that I felt I should write one.  First, I normally would not buy a Nokia - I am a Sony Ericsson fan. However, I needed a quad-band  phone for a trip to Europe and I wanted a touch phone. The SE Satio has been released, but not in the USA and it is pricey.  So I went with the Nokia. I love the look and feel of the phone.  I have had absolutely no problems - no screen freezing and battery life has been very very good.  The battery charges quickly. It is easy to lock and unlock the phone manually.  There is an automatic lock feature which you can disable or set a longer time before it automatically locks.  Calls are easy and call quality is great.  A prior reviewer said it is to hard to make a call, but I do not find that to be the case. You can put pics or an icon for people you call frequently (I think up to 5) on the start screen or set up a speed dial number. I find it easy to use the touch screen but you do need to apply some pressure - more than the iPhone, but it works great.  I am not a big web user but it connects quickly.  I have not tried the GPS yet. I do have to say the camera is not so great, so if you are looking for a good camera phone I would not buy this phone.  Also, I do not know why the phone icon is found in applications and not on the main menu (maybe I can change that). I am still learning to use all of the many features this phone has to offer.  If you are looking for a reasonably priced phone with lots of features, you should definitely consider the Nokia 5800.

el telefono tiene todo lo necesario para ser un todo en uno. La camara no es la mejor (comparada con el N82) pero tiene una calidad aceptable, en cuanto al manejo del telefono nokia a hecho un gran trabajo y su nueva plataforma symbian v5 es mas estable y facil de usar que su version anterior. Quisiera que existan mas aplicaciones para estos telefonos asi como existen para los iphones

I really really love this smartphone. It is intuitive and does everythig that is said about it. The apps, are wonderfull and easy to navigate. Nothing less should be expected from #1 cellphone maker (NOKIA).

This phone connected to the internet via WiFi yet gave me so many freezing problems both on and off the internet. I ended up with the Nokia 5530 and have had no freezing problems and am very happy with that phone. I cannot recommend the Nokia 5800 because of the freezing problems. And I did think the 5800 was a very pretty phone with big screen had it not been for those freezing problems...Oh well, life goes on! Glad now I own the Nokia 5530!

While most people clamor for Blackberries or iPhones or the latest Androids, I found myself eager to get back to the first brand that I ever used: Nokia. I won't lie - while I find the features of today's smart phones finally starting to live up to the hype, I am just unwilling to pay 100 dollars a month for all the service and contract craziness that comes with it. The average iPhone, for example, can cost over 3 thousand bucks over 2 years. I can't stand locked-down, over priced products that fail to really create compelling value for users that pay for the total package. Many companies, in their quest to make a buck off us, prohibit certain features or limit usability in ways that I always find frustrating. An example? 10 Dollars a month to use the Nuron's GPS feature through T-Mobile - when in fact you can and should be able to use it for free. My old Motorola wouldn't so much as let me copy 1 inferior quality, .3mp photo on my desktop without data charges, or picture texting charges. Stuff like that makes me want to just end the service and throw the phone in the can.Enter the Nokia 5800:With just a texting and voice plan, I am able to use 90% of the features of this phone. GPS works, and works great so far - the trick was to turn off assisted GPS and download maps straight to the device with the Nokia OVI suite. Then, using the built in GPS for all navigation needs was possible (including Turn-by-Turn Directions). The suite, by the way, also allows you to back up your device and sync it in different ways and edit contacts and things like that. This is usually an extra-cost item you have to pay for. And why should you? Losing your contacts alone would be a HUGE step backwards for most of us, and my opinion is that such protection should be standard across the board. Especially as our phones become more central organizers in our lives!Wi-Fi is a great substitute for paying for 3G services, but 3G will be there when and if you need / pay for it. You don't really need net services anyway if you aren't downloading any of the FREE apps, themes, games, etc. that the OVI store provides. You also don't necessarily need e-mail to be harassing you all the time while you are on the move. Heaven help you if you think you can web-browse and drive! Trust me, I used to have a blackberry for work which CONSTANTLY buzzed me with the days emails - the phone became a source of anxiety rather than a handy tool. With Wi-Fi, I can connect at the restaurant, store, or friends house I am hanging with, or at school, and have full access to extra content or web-browsing without worrying about X-Mobile's extra charges. It also provides me with a nice 'not now' feeling when I really do need to get away from work! One does have to constantly specify Wi-Fi instead of "X-Zones" in my case - but you can change connection priorities to help the ensure the phone doesn't jump on the information super-rip-off without your consent.Those two features alone make this phone really stand out to me, however there is more! The touch screen is responsive, and if you can't get it done with your stubby fingers, the included stylus does the trick. The screen is about big enough, and fonts can be enlarged for readability. I won't lie though, as with other phones, I wouldn't spend much time 'browsing' the internet - only things like checking email (easy with yahoo or google so far) or checking the weather, or seeking out an app make sense to me at the moment. Otherwise, I find that I probably wouldn't get much done at all without the stylus (just not enough screen real-estate to really handle today's typical sites). I do find that the auto-rotation of the screen gets worse when multiple apps are running (fails to rotate), but if one tips it right (think, parallel to the floor!), it works every time. I can type rapidly and accurately, and enjoy it more with the vibration off and just a small beep on. This was key for me, since I've used different touch screens and qwerty keyboards and often just can't do it with my blunt fingers. My only issue with the Nokia is that the full-screen qwerty touch does not put some common symbols on the primary screen, symbols like @ for emails or ) for smiley faces (hey I like to be friendly). They are an extra tap away. Otherwise, I have been impressed with the typical responsiveness and speed. Obviously, we all wish our phone were big as a laptop at times, or as small as a credit card at others. I think Nokia's compromise is good - the phone feels and looks small, is light, and doesn't feel any more burdensome than my old Motorola flip. Brightness is more than adequate except in direct bright sunlight, where it really washes out, and text is very clear. It really seems higher res to me than it is, and font sizing is changeable pretty much everywhere, and zoom is available if needed.The latest symbian update allows a seemingly infinite number of contacts on the home screen (previous was 4 - yuck), and did link to my primary emails without a hitch, and I can manually update to read them when I think I want to! I especially like that the contacts on the home screen are 'tracked' - I can see texts for example, that I've exchanged with just that one person, and send a new one. Graphics are cool (if not as polished as some of the newer phones) and the UI in general is pretty straightforward once you spend some time with it. I do find myself getting lost a lot however, or forgetting where certain settings are, though, this is not different to me than other phones I have used - some things are always front and center, other things get buried in sub menus. It would be nice if Nokia used some of the new nifty '3d' effects like pages turning or things moving when menus were changed, to help give a visual cue that you are 'interfacing' with the UI, but again eye candy versus capability? I would rather have control than better visuals when it comes down to it."Express Music" should mean that media is no-problem with this phone, and so far, I am impressed with the overall sound quality of the phone and the included headphones / mic, though the quality of those headphones, and the fit, is a little iffy to me (these are in-ear type, I think I prefer buds). Happy to know that they put emphasis on the sound rather than the look however. Plenty of volume by the way. The phone did an awesome job of organizing my files accurately, and provides a big in your face letter to let you know where you are as you search by album, artist, etc. They should have ported that feature to the contact list as it greatly simplifies the search! No major issues there. Also, the phone did come with 8gb of extra storage, enough for 600 or so high-bitrate Mp3s. Though, given the many uses of storage on this phone I think that I would need to upgraded to 16 gb or more to really stuff this thing with songs.Call quality has been excellent so far, both for the ear piece and for the speakerphone. The speaker phone sounds better than my laptop when playing music, more balanced and a a sense of actual bass. Signal strength has been excellent, and I'll be in the boondocks this weekend to find out how it cope there (usually service drops in and out). All in all voices sound full and clear, and I can detect problems with other people's phones (thats how good it has been so far).Camera? A dual-LED Carl Zeiss at 3.2 Megapixels. After a recent fire which burned down my building, I re-discovered the critical value of having even a bad camera on hand and available, if only by phone! Hence I am forgiving of camera phones in general. I've shot mostly indoors so far, and find that exposure ranges from unusable to good, grain is pretty bad in low lighting, but the flash is quite powerful. Focus lock is a tad slow at times, and I don't know why I get some blur even when using flash on occasion. I expect that like many cameras, broad daylight will reveal its best performance, and my good photos so far are really good. There are tons of available settings however, and all around I think this camera spanks the .3 mega pixel disaster I've had to rely on previously. But I won't be throwing away my digital camera any time soon.Battery life? This baby is rated for up to 8 hours of talk time, which is excellent. Yesterday I toasted the battery in about 6 hours from a mixture of trying out the Mp3 Player and playing with the internet, setting up, etc. I assume that when I stop constantly fiddling with this thing (oh how I love my new toy) It will go for days on normal use without a hitch. This is certainly one of those phones however, that multi-tasks, and one should remember to make sure that all un-needed apps are shut off b/t uses. The phone will not warn you, but you can check this from pretty much any menu. It recharges in about 2 hours I've found, which is really good. A charger is included, but the USB cable is data-only. Pick up a powered Micro-USB cable if you want to add a charging option to the phone. I'll be picking one up as it is generally more 'portable' than an AC adapter. I am going to GPS a 2.5 hour drive on today, and head to a low signal area. If the battery proves to be really strong, or weak in these conditions, I'll report back. Otherwise, assume that it did its job!Lets Do the pros and cons:Pros: Great Mp3 PlayerGreat GPSWi-Fi rules!Easy to transfer files8 gb memory included!Excellent Call qualityCan act as a USB wi-fi hotspot if you have a data plan (is it time to drop Comcast yet?)Well executed touch screen / stylus back-uplots of free and useful apps / wallpapers / you name it.OVI Suite makes life a little easier - backups, edits, map downloads, syncing, seamless so farEssentially UNDER priced given its capabilities (compare this phone to a 4-600 dollar newer phone)Feels like a true open-source, unlocked phone (unlike Google's ad machines and Apples prison-camp approach to technology)decent camera with functional macro lensCons:UI is not an A+ - more like a solid B.Learning curve - though not necessarily worse than other smartphones. But I have been trolling the net and thumbing the manual a lot so far.OVI not as well integrated as iTunes (but I hate iTunes anyway)Not sure what documents this thing can handle (pdfs will cost you)Your girlfriend will HATE the amount of time you invest getting set up, updated, downloaded, etc.I expected a plastic case to come with it - I got nothing. Europe only I guess. But it did come with a car mount for GPS, Headphones, Charger, and 8 gb of memory, so, I'll get over it.All in all, when I got the GPS working the way I wanted, I fell in love with this little phone - it is a true powerhouse for the price, and if it lasts, I expect it will be remembered as my first great smartphone. My biggest concern now is that Nokia has not been succeeding in the U.S. lately (though make no mistake, they are a world leader everywhere else, and innovative in their own right) and I fear that a switch to Meego and away from symbian will mean the general end of support for this kind of smart phone. This platform feels as though it could only get better, so that would be a sad loss. I feel like such a 'cheater' using this phone (buying direct from Nokia means NOT being FORCED to buy a data or GPS plan from my carrier) that I really wonder if the Nokia approach of providing an open and unlocked experience can really compete against the nickel and dime wireless economy being pushed by apple, at&t;, google, verizon, and others. If I'm lucky, maybe I'll get a FREE update when Nokia decides what direction it wants to take.In the mean-time, I'll be greatly enjoying a solid all-around experience with a ton of value added for a minimal cost. This phone is the real deal, if you can live with the fact that it is not quite as polished (or large) as the more popular phones available at the moment. Though, capabilities and features have already improved through one update, perhaps another one will take it even further!Why are you hesitating? Take the plunge!

I recommend this to any who want a Phone which is NOT the i-phone but has all the functionalities. It is also very configureable, I can install many apps and the screen is great.

Great Smartphone for the masses.(Cheap Unlocked- no attachments with those rip offs)It's gonna take time to get used to the Unit Interface (UI)is not 100% user friendly but is a lot of FUN! Is not that big nor small.The screen is Super crispy to watch videos. Great sound quality on the speakers but not loud enough (big turn off for me,hopefully Nokia will take care of this SOOOOON!). Battery runs down quickly when using speakers.Games that come with the phone are too hard to play(3) but the guitar hero alike is very entertaining.It takes a couple of seconds to change view to landscape and viceversa .Slow accelerator( It doesn't make sense huh?)While texting too many steps and screens being used.Camera is good outside but indoors is kinda crappy.The Gps is an excellent feature.Ovi nokia application store is getting better with the time ,you can find good free app's there or buy a good game.I STILL WAITING FOR THE COMES WITH MUSIC FEATURE IN USA!(Is available everywhere[Spain, England,France,Mexico]  but here!) Comes with music let's you download all the music you want for free for one year!!! YES! FREE for ONE WHOLE YEAR.Here in USA we just get the laughable Nokia Maps for 1 miserable month!4th best Smartphone, better than I-phone 3 g but not better than new Pre Palm, Nokia N97,HTC T-mobile My touch and I think the new 3Gs is the  King again.Bottom line: Very Good smartphone,cheap,lots of memory space,nice screen,Gps,everything you need is in the box but a case,good camera,video calling,nice looking phone,few applications but lots of them are in the making.The sound is amazing but needs more power!Update-01/05/2010After several months of use guys let me tell you something.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE IF YOU HATE HEADACHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Slow as hellSuper Anti-intuitiveI had to do lots of hard resets losing my dataSpeaker went bad several times.FreezesPower downs[...]Go buy an Htc or something different than Nokia.

The Nokia 5800 is a good phone but has its downsides:Pros:- Touch screen is responsive- The full keyboard is spacious- Has a stylus but isn't really needed- Feels sturdy- Comes with 8GB of storage- Decent camera for a cell phone,- Internet browsing is decent- Comes with Wifi and Bluetooth- Good music player/radioCons:- The memory card is very hard to remove. BE CAREFUL. When I tried removing it to transfer data via SD slot, the card was such a tight fit the chip was damaged. I had to buy another memory card. It hasn't happened again but just the fact this is possible is a fatal flaw in its design.- The accelerometer is too sensitive.Overall:It's a good phone and affordable, however, not good for anything other than calling or listening to music. If you want an internet device, go with the higher end smart phones (iPhone, Blackberry, Droid, etc)

I purchased this phone and am quite content because in my country Costa Rica works best. I like its touch screen, resolution is great, the sound is terrific and I can also watch videos from youtube. Another thing is that it has good coverage and I can clearly hear all the calls, and is very easy to find any contact likewise have no problem to download music in the library and update. Truth is an excellent phone and meets all my expectations.

Bought this phone almost a week ago.  I am still trying to update the firmware.  I use Windows 7.  The enclosed cd refuses to work.  It says I have no internet connection, but I do.  Then I downloaded the OVI suite to try an update that way.  Had a horrible time trying to get the download to install.  I finally got it to install as "administrator" on the 3rd attempt.  Once installed, I tied to update the phone and it still won't update firmware via OVI suite.  I then attempted to update via the phone itself via wireless connection.  Keep getting as error this way too.  I don't think it is a firewall issue.  But feel lost.  I've called Nokia customer service.  Each time you get a nice lady with a heavy foreign accent.  I mention this because it is hard to communicate back and forth.  The first time I called the lady said I must contact my internet provider for assistance.  Well they had no clue as to why since my internet was working and everything attached worked.  Called Nokia back again and the nice lady promised that a technician would contact me withing 24 to 48 hours.  Never happened.  Called back a 3rd time and the nice lady said she was going to look for my records and after 10 minutes never came back on the phone.  This is all too frustrating.  The phone itself works alright, but I am unable to download OVI maps because I have outdated firmware.One last complaint.  I cannot find an app for internet music?  I found one on the Nokia site but it was for older models.  I have a Nokia N8100 internet tablet and it has a great internet music app.  Can't believe this phone doesn't.  I am about to give up and send this back.Update.  On the 7th day...I tried once again to update the firmware via wifi & phone and it connected and updated on first attempt! Great.  But another thing happened that is really strange.  A call came in and the phone vibration started.  But it would not stop.  It just kept vibrating and the keys locked up.  After a couple of minutes I just pulled the battery and inserted it and it was alright.  Strange phone.

I really enjoy this cell phone!I was expecting a lot, but it surprised me.

The camera has some disadvantages with the types of light... it is possible to be lived with it... As far as fingerprints, it is not a serious problem... I recommend to use a screen protector... this reduce the problem a lot...

Great phone packed with a lot of features. The 3.2MP Camera is decent compared to other phones out there in the market with 8MP cameras such as the Sony Ericsson C905. Overall one of the best nokia phones ive ever owned.[...]

The Nokia5800 XPress is really an outdated smartphone for a high price. Turn on WiFi  is cumberson and always 3 step process through the menu. Aside the telephone functionality it has no intuitive user interface. Save the money and get a smartphone of a newer generation or keep the old cell phone and get an iPod touch.

Fast shipping from amazon, item was received faster than expected. The Nokia 5800 is lightweight and very easy to use.  Most responsive touch screen that I have used.  I went from a N97 to the 5800.  I think it is a better phone for the money, cheaper phone but better quality and responsivness.  It gets better reception, clearer calls, music function is by far the best of any phone I've used or seen.  The apps are all user friendly, disc included with phone shows shortcuts and use of apps.  Nokia definitely got it right with this phone.

This phone holds and manages everything for me, although some software wasn't included (mainly office apps i.e. exel, word, ppt, pdf programs) for a small fee or sometimes for free you can download alot of business applications from the Nokia store (OVI)and other websites like Adobe; new applications come out to catch up with the phone's software version (S60 v.5); it's a great altervative if you don't want to be a an Iphone zombie j/k...it is responsive to small area touches like a finger nail or the stylus. It doesn't do well with your whole finger unless the icons are bigger. I surf the web and listen to radio (yes an FM radio is on the phone)at the same time. It has a 3.5 mm headphone jack. It has several keybords you can switch between which is handy for switching between entering passwords and typing a text message. Some pics don't display in the browser but the browser that comes with it is pretty well thought out I think updates will come as time goes on and it's rare something doesn't display but it was something i noticed. I have the Black phone and it is very sleek and attractive. I am happy with my purchase don't believe I over spent and may actually save in the long run by it being unlocked (I didn't have to purchase a more expensive plan, like with I phone).

I have officially had this phone for 1 week, and so far so good.. for a smart phone virgin! I have synced fairly easily, download some apps and listen to podcasts without issue. Great internet connect and connected within my wireless network with no issues. The only problem I had was obtaining my contacts from from my old Nokia 5300(way behind in technology I know), phone swap did not work for me. Anway, after I saved my contacts to my SIM, and placed it back in this phone, all was well that ended well. I also thought it was wierd that the guitar game was in Spanish?? Good thing I speak the language! I really like the guitar pick stylus and the music stand.I Overall, I'm more than satisfied with this purchase, and still playing with my new toy, and I just appreciate the freebies including amazon video credit and free map trial.  It's pretty easy to use for someone who has never had a touch screen before, and even has a help screen in every section plus tip video clips. There are tons of shortcuts which is cool. I really like that you don't have to take the cover off the back to swap the memory card as well. Just wish it came with a case...

I am very satisfied with the product, excellent sign, sound and video. I recommend it.

This was the first electronic product I purchased from Amazon and I couldn't be more thrilled with it.  Functional, easy to follow manual, and does everything the write-up said it would do.I would recommend this phone to anyone who does not want to spend hundreds of dollars on a phone.

The screen started cracking after less than 3 weeks of usage. Sometimes the ringtone does not come on wehn called..it acts as if it's frozen. Have already sent a note to the seller for return and still waiting for respond. Will like to get a refund.

While this appeared to be a good deal, as I was looking for a phone that would not require a data plan, this phone did not do the trick. It received calls when I put my Pay-as-you-go card in it but refused to connect to the Internet. I spent over two hours on the phone with AT&T representatives, supervisors, tech level II people, and finally after trying everything, they concluded that this is a smartphone and needs a data plan. So it should be listed as a smartphone ...

I resently purchased the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic from TigerDirect through Amazon, BIG MISTAKE.  From day 1 I have had problems with the phone and have had to call Nokia on several occasions.  On the third week of owning the phone it will not power on,if by chance it powers on it freezes on the initial screen and you have to remove the battery in order to power it off.I have called and emailed TigerDirect and they will not take responsibility for the product they sold, I have called Amazon and all they say is "Call TigerDirect".Needless to say I am completely disappointed with the product and more so with TigerDirect and Amazon for not standing by the products they advertise and sell.John SplainPuerto Rico

This phone is good, very good even, with a good set of features (Wifi, GPS, good music mgmt, video, etc) and nice touchscreen. However, don't think that this touchscreen is even close to the iphone's.The main problem, though, is the software used to sync the phone with the computer.  It's absolutely useless.  Just look it up on the internet, you'll see lots of complaints.  It's just silly that Nokia can't get this right.  I realize it's probably Vista's fault, but still I think it's Nokia that should adapt.  The funny thing is that the previous versions of the software used on the E71, for example, works perfectly.I think if you are a big music fan and you have the patience the get to know this phone and set it up, it's very good.  If you are looking for something easy to use and your main thing is the touchscreen maybe you should look for another phone.

bought this phone as gift for my wife. she loves it, loves the features. great product for a great price.

The 5800 was on time, I didn't have any problems with the traslation of the product.

This phone is too complicated to use! I had this phone for almost a month now and I still couldn't figure out how to use some of the features without using the manual book. The battery only last a couple days after fully charged. The headphone wire is way too short. The lengh is from your ear to your upper chest. Therefore, unless your coat has a pocket on your upper chest, you have to hold your phone in front of your chest everytime you try to enjoy the music quietly.I will not recommend this phone to a friend!

This phone works great I get reception in places my Sony Ericsson didn't. Great sound and video/pictures.1 word of caution if you buy it from Amazon and try there Unbox offer for $50 worth free video downloads, I entered the promo activation code and was still charged for the video. I emailed them 3 times on there help web page that said they answer usually in 12 hours. Never got a response!!!

This is not a phone! This is a PDA with a phone as an app.  It is just what I needed.  The only con is that third party apps have not yet caught up with this device, mainly a good ebook reader.  But eReader says they will have one that works on the S60 5th ed with touch screen ability by the end of summer.  Then this device will meet my main reason for buying it in the first place, only one device to carry instead of two, a phone and a PDA.

I am researching to buy a ipod and using my regular phone.  I realized from my research that this was the best phone available in the market.  If I go for ipod, I should be taking data plan connection, but in this case it is not compulsory.  GPS works with satellite and no need to have a data plan.On one to one comparison with iphone, this is the best one and going for it.

My old LG monochrome phone is more reliable than this piece of crap. The software will once a while turn off by itself. Even though I have use the most updated firmware. If you install any sort of application with this phone, you can not restart your phone by first disconnecting the micro SD card, and then turn on the phone. Phone connection: the phone showed a full bar, but I can not make a call... what gives??? I definitely would not recommend this phone.

Shipping was very fast. Phone is very nice but not so easy to learn. You need to spend some time to be able to use it efficiently.

This is my first touchscreen phone, but i'd tried some before, and I really like the way it responds. The screen resolution is awesome and the aplications works very well.

Great phone! Pioneer of its kind. Symbian is a truly unique OS that just needs a few kinks worked out.

I bought this phone because i did not want to be caught in a 2 year plan with AT&T; along with an additional $50 data plan for the iphone. Despite the fact you can buy the dual sim card iphone fake in chinatown across the river was not an option. Also when I do my international travel I can switch in my sim card and use the same phone.I must say I have discovered so many nice tricks and features with this phone the more I explore it. I love  the fact that you can put 5 of your closest contacts images on the main frame and simply press the pic to call, text etc. I also assigned a ring tone to every person. Phone call quality is awesome no one has ever complained they could not hear me and vice versa. The volume I wished was a tad louder but that is being picky. I love the headphones with the music controls there so you can ff or rew or even while listening to music you can get a call and the phone automatically turns off the music until you end the call.I love the GPS as well as the dictionary. I am a traveler and I do a lot of crosswords on my travel time so having the dictionary was a nice discovery. The versatility of the keyboard for tap, plectrum, mini, full qwerty as well as the handwriting makes writing notes or texting convenient.There is even copy, cut and paste. I was able to record a phonecall for a return of a product so that if they said I did not call i can play the conversation as my proof. I have used both cameras and the picture quality is great, the video feature is awesome as well. I was able to assign a picture to most of my contacts from my pc as well using the very versatile Nokia PC Suite. The ability to simply drag and drop any file including my music has really made a difference. I also love the fact that on the phone you can edit your pics just like you would do on coreldraw or any graphic program. I have added talk bubbles and  designs to some of the pics. You should see the one I did with my ex hehehehe!!! Thankfully Amazon not only gave us the rebate( which I am yet to receive) but the videoondemand 50 credit. I have so far bought mall cop and night at the museum pt 1 and downloaded to my phone. I watched them recently waiting for my delayed flight last week using the nice stand that they gave me to hold the phone landscape style.The graphics on this phone is awesome the speakers are adequate and loud. When I hooked the tv out cables from the phone to the tv it actually worked!!!! I was able to see slideshows of my pics on the phone as well as anything I did with the phone. This phone is awesome. I did play the tactile games, guitarrock, bounce and car racing cute but I am not a gaming person but they did keep me entertained. Goshhhhhh there are so many other things on this phone but I will end on the music. I SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO love this phone for the music. I downloaded album art and 578 songs so far including my personal cds and I am loving it. I have not been using my IPOD recently because I have the same songs, pics etc on this phone which is really neat. I am really happy with my purchase but I wished the dialer had alphanumeric keys I wanted to call 1800 flowers and I had to call someone to ask them to look at their phone and tell me the numbers for flowers which SUCKED!!! Otherwise I have not found anything bad with it. Oh yeah.......... one more thing I actually got a cover for the phone and I bought a reasonably priced 16 g microsd card because my 8 gb that the phone came with has 1.6 gigs left with all the stuff I saved on it.

Do not buy this phone. Nokia should have never released this phone. They bastardized there non-touch os and adapted it for touch. It did not turn out well. Most of the time you have to hit the keys several times to make a function work. I loved Nokia phones until this one. Along with ATT this is a horrid combination.

This is one of the worst phone in market that nokia has ever made. Phone dies out of charge even with out talking after 2 hours. Every 2 hours u need to charge the phone. This was going for one month since i bought the phone.After one month it just switch off itself. I recommend to every one not to take this phone. I wasted a lot of money on this.

As somewhat of a tech-head with an eye for detail and quality, I had searched widely to find a smartphone that offered the best blend of features and quality without breaking the bank. The Nokia 5800 honestly impressed me, though not so initially, but after a couple weeks of usage it has the tendency to grow on its user offering a solid and sleek feel, gorgeous display, and outstanding audio (the audio is really that good, through speakers and earphones alike, especially with stereo widening enabled, it is truly an experience). In addition, the touch-enabled Symbian OS (even though it is still maturing) is quite responsive and provides a user friendly experience. What I can say is that the UI was designed with the correct balance of animation and snappiness (animation effects are turned off by default, activate them through Themes > General > Options > Theme Effects). If the UI is not that eye-catching for your taste, there are thousands of themes you may download and apply, in addition you can even design your own theme through Nokia's Carbide.ui software (downloaded separately). What's more is the variety of apps available for the phone, I can recommend a few that I have found quite useful: Photo Browser, Handy Shell, Paint Pad, Phone Torch, Opera Mini, AccuWeather, QuickOffice, GoogleMaps and Fring.  (google them to find out more)Another aspect that truly impressed me is the phone's ability to act as a mini entertainment system. Bundled with the package is a certificate which allows you to download $50 worth of movies from Amazon. I got six movies (both hi-def and mobile versions) for this price and they all fit on the 8 Gigs of hot-swappable storage that comes with the phone.  In viewing the movies on the phone I was impressed at the display quality (16M colors, 640x) and more so with the audio quality - the stereo speakers were loud and rich, able to simulate the acoustic depth of the movie and I must say that it rivals some laptop speakers I have come across.Another highly important aspect is the battery life. For the first few days of owning the phone, it was constantly used, testing out the Camera, GPS, Wifi, playing movies, installing apps, etc. and with such constant use (which is unusual for a typical user), the phone was able to operate for a full day and a half before the battery warning kicked in.  Now I charge the phone every three days or so with a few daily calls, light web browsing and YouTube playback. (A tip for you is to make sure you fully charge the battery with the phone off when you get it initially, it operates and keeps it charge as it should this way).The phone's camera is quite decent in my opinion. It shines in daylight conditions able to capture great photos and widescreen videos of surprising quality. In low light conditions, you may have to play around with settings a bit and get as close to the subject as possible to get the best possible result. Overall, the phone's camera could be better given the quality of cameras on previous Nokia products, namely the N95, but this judgment is relative. I believe, however the choice was made to make it affordable, given the fact that it also comes with a front-facing camera for video calls.Final thoughts and tips about this interesting piece of hardware center on its value, quality and reputation as a Nokia branded product. Some say it rivals the iPhone, and honestly, it does have more collective strengths as a smartphone than does the iphone in spite of its resistive and non-glass touch interface. It even has a downloadable simulation of the iPhone's interface called MyPhone if you prefer that flavor. In this light, the phone shines as a more flexible device with swappable memory, battery and service, features not present in the lauded iPhone, but I say what's to compare? In short I chose this phone and adore it now due to its form-factor (not too big, not too small), its screen, its expandability and flexibility, its hardware features (GPS, Wifi, audio) and most of all, its competitive price/quality ratio.

This phone is not up to Nokia's standards.The touch screen is resistive technology, much worse than capacitive as iPhone's or most of the new HTC's.The Symbian OS is really behind what you may have seen on iPhone or Android. Really behind. And it's so slow.The ear speaker lasted around 8 months until it broke. And the battery moved so the phone switched off from time to time.I really hope Nokia get their plot back because they are really falling behind....

I have had my nokia 5800 for a week now and it's definitely love so far. The call quality is excellent and the speakers are top notch for a phone. Everybody who has seen my phone has fallen in love with it's appearance (with the only detraction being it's thickness). It takes a little while to get acquainted with all the features and to learn your way around but once you do it's all smooth sailing from there!

This phone is good when you have a wifi hotspot at your home and work place. You can use voip service(e.g vopium) to make calls. With Vopium you can make calls to any US number for 1 cent. I am using t-mobile prepaid service and Vopium and I get around $10 phone bill every month(compared with $50). When I make calls using Vopium, my t-mobile mins are not used. The phones music player is good and camera is not bad. The display is ok but if you compare with iphone4 retina display, this phone stays at bottom. There are many apps in nokia ovi store for free but the paid ones are good. I didn't use navigation system.This phone costs same as iphone4 or any android phone(with contract), but with iphone4 you have to pay atleast $60 every month and there will be some hidden costs as well. Hope my review is helpful to you and good luck with your phone search.

I like the phone, but it is hard to use if you are constantly on the run.  This phone offers me to many options for every operation.  Even for dailing a contact, you first have to select the contact, then press call, and then your prompt with another menu were you have to choose voice call so that dials.....  I do like the touch screen, but i think the ram of this phone is not good enough as it freezes constantly.  Battery is not the best but it does hold one entire day and a half.  It would be good if this phone came with the fm transmitter as the N version.  I think is good considering the price, but it could be improved with minor work on it.  Ohh before i forget dont use OVI, pc suite is much better i think.  An remember to search for office and pdf programs in the web.

If you are looking for an alternative to the ever-dominant Iphone, this Nokia is for you!  There is a great (though limited) app store, awesome mp3 set-up and nice touch screen keyboard.  My only drawbacks for this phone are that it is bulky and ATT's 3G service doesn't span as far as I need it (which isn't Nokia's fault).  This truly is a great phone with the high quality reception Nokia is known for!And for those who are "directionally challenged" the maps app that comes with the phone got my husband from point A to point B with ease.

This phone is great, I've been able to do everything with it. Also upgrade micro Sd 8gb to 16gb and even better, for music, videos, pics, office docs.

It is a great cellphone, very interactive, and easy to learn how to use it. I have to get used to this new techonolgy and all the things that it has because I had an old cellphone. The camera seems not to take some good pics at night but I guess I have to explore more of it. I had to restart it because I couldn't install some of the coolest applications such as Hotmail Msn and others but the rest is ok. I like it!

This is a great mobile, it's a good cost-benefit relation.Its battery is poorI'm happy with this.

From the moment I opened the box I was pretty impressed. I wanted something different from what everyone else has and At&t only has the same tired stuff. From the 8 GB memory card (for lots of music & games), all the cool attachments (earbuds w/ a tiny remote, tv a/v cable, etc...), GPS, and a bunch of cool apps already set up in the phone. I was sold. Granted, I was just a little bit disappointed with the 3.2 MP camera (but who cares! Thats what digital cameras are for). I've never had the i-phone but I work w/ someone who has one and she can't make video calls with hers(hee-hee)!! In conclusion, I really think its a great phone from a reputable company.

This phone is not reliable.yes you will say its not.But this phone hangs up if somebody will call you while you are surfing the net exampl watching youtube,sending message on facebook or chatting on fring.The bad thing about that the phone cannot recover by itself from hanging up and in order to revive this phone you have to manually remove the battery.SO HORRIBLE.i BOUGHT THIS CP BECAUSE IT HAVE IT ALL INTERNET,CAMERA,MUSIC AND PHONE BUT IT CANNOT HANDLE THE TASK.IMAGINE THAT CELLPHONE FUNCTION IS OFF IF YOU ARE USING THE INTERNET,..HUHUHU......I PAID 340 US FOR AND WORST I BOUGHT 4.i GUESS I HAVE TO HAVE THIS AS MUSIC PLAYER AND MID.

I am using it for past one year and honestly, its NOT a smart phone. Just a few problems of all listed:1. Hangs quite often2. Not so user friendly (intuitive)3. Updates makes things worst4. So suitable to check emails (like yahoo, gmail)5. Not a good physical design either...6. Music player crashes after updatesand Ovi App Store... Its not a store. You find no good/useful things... :(

I bought this phone in Germany. I have no problems at all with it. I get reception everywhere. I love the fact that it came with a stylus, that way there are no finger smudges on the screen. It come with an extra one too. It comes with 8GB of memory which blew me away. The sound is clear and the video calling is spectacular. It is definitely worth the price.

If you are buying this for the GPS function, think again.  As many others have commented, it takes forever for this phone to figure out where it is.  That makes it pretty useless for around the town driving.  In addition, it has a pathetic accuracy level.  It regularly told me that I was 300 yards from a turn when I was already in the left turn lane and only 20 feet from the intersection. Suddenly it realized where it was and told me to turn left.In addition, the GPS works much better if it is A-GPS, which uses your phone network as a part of its navigation process.  That uses up valuable minutes on my phone service that I am not interested in donating to AT&T.;  That's especially significant because we want a GPS for long voyages.  You can use it without the A-GPS, but it's not nearly as good.Beyond the GPS, the phone is astonishing.  The screen is gorgeous and watching movies on it is a blast.  It sounds good and it's easy to use.  Others have complained about the interface, but I don't think it's a problem.  If you don't care about the GPS, then buy it in a second.  Oh, the WIFI is blazing fast, as fast as my new laptop almost and the resolution is great.
