
I bought another Razr because they have always been a good phone, and this one is also dependable.Does what I need, takes fine pics,battery life good.

I understand how everyone thinks this phone is flimsy, or just not quite right, or possibly a refurbished internals in a chinese counterfiet case. I own a V3m and its much more solid, and verizons OS works much quicker than motorolas. I dont hate this phone. but i wouldnt recommend it. opt for a newer model like V3i or V3m. those arent being rebuilt and sold as new.

Phone it worthless ,searching for service , no sim inserted ,cannot receive calls.Will not by a cheap phone or Motorola phones again .

no place for a memory card to store your pictures or other things you wish to store in your memory on the phone

The phone was advertised as new when it was actually refurbished.  It never did work very well.  It completely stopped working 10 days or so after I got it.  Amazon would do nothing to help me get my money back.  I am very disatisfied with this purchase and will not be so quick to shop on Amazon in the future.

I was a bit cautious on this purchase as I had problems with an earlier Motorola.  However, the product has more than met my expectations and I am very pleased with my acquisition.

After 10 days the new Razor V3 unlocked with Warranty went completely black.  Even a new battery did not revive it (another 6 bucks and a weeks wait).  I called the supplier (the OEM Shop, Brooklyn, NY) for an RMA number to return it for repairs or replacement and they stated I needed to return it to Amazon. I called Amazon and they said they were not liable.  After several emails and no phone for weeks I gave up. What a waste of $60.00.  No more business though Amazon.

I just receive this phone, it is very easy to tell is counterfeit. the box, the packing,nothing is like Motorola product. I process it right away.

I thought at first that it would be OK, but after about two months, it quit working properly. It will only hold charge about one day. Half my calls do not come through by ringing. I will hear a beep and check to find missed calls. The battery cover doesn"t stay on tight. I have to constantly adjust it. I get a signal saying Emergency calls only Daily or no service. I know I have gone past the return date due to illness, two out of state family deaths in Feb and April, and have not had chance to contact you. BytesofDeals is there anything you can suggest or do? Thanks

The ONLY thing that went well with this transaction was the return and refund.  Phone was advertised very clearly as New, U.S.version, Warranty. It arrived in dime-store repackaging, with a 4-page photocopied 'manual', it's native language was ITALIAN, it would NOT register on AT&T w/my good SIM.  In my opinion, Amazon has gotten far too greedy and farmed out too much of the operation to anyone with an email address. OEM--NOT RECOMMENDED; AMAZON, Horribly Disappointed.  btw, you have a dumb computer system--this is the third time you have asked for feedback! It doesn't get better!

I buy motorola razr v3  i looked up us cellular phones this phone come upWhen paid 64.99 i took into us cellular store they it was a AT& T cellphone so couldt use it so sent it  back indianapolis ,in

- !!!  Does not allow you to put mutable phone numbers under one name.  No help from Motorola.  Hard to under stand manual+ Does except old batteries.

Battery life is incredibly not good at all, but it is exactly the flip phone i remember it was. :)

bought as a replacement  for my dad.  he loves the phone and wishe that they were still manufactured.  loves loves loves it

The battery did not take a charge after the second time and the screen shattered while in my pocket.  This is the first time I've had a phone that had this happened and I would not buy a motorola phone again after seeing how pooly made they are.

This phone is an example of very very poor quality. It is nothing like the original Motorola RAZR I thought I would receive. Volume control does not work and battery life is poor. The batter did not fit the phone.  The phone is configured backwards so it's apparent it was made in another country.  I read several of the posts about the phone and weighed heavily before I made the purchase.  I took a chance and it was a mistake.  The phone has been returned.

I bought this RAZR to replace my old RAZR which was over 5 years old. I like RAZRs because they are basic phones and are compact. This new one works great but the Motorola RAZR software CD that came with it would not work on Windows XP. The supplier sent me a replacement CD but it had the same problems.

It was a gift for my husband and he loved it.  He is not computer savy and can't use a smart phone so this phone works out perfectly!

Not satisfy with my product my phone don't work properly the battery dies fast the back cover does not close so not satisfy at all

Product ran as expected for one week. Then, it began to turn itself off without my help, usually during use. This is my third Razr. Had good success with the first two and changed only because the glass fronts broke. Sorry, Amazon. This was a $60 mistake.

I have T-Mobile, but this is an AT&T phone.  I can answer calls and make calls - but I can't forward picutures or download ringtones, etc.  I should have spent the extra $$ for an in-network phone!

Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video Player - U.S did not work properly so I returned it.

This phone was NOT like the original Razor.  It did not have the same features as my old Razor.  I ended up sending it back and I was promptly sent my refund.

I am one those people who want a phone for a phone.  It doesnt have to do anything but ring when I have a call and connect me when I make a call.  It does that easily and more.  Nice slim size too.

I have never written a review before but I think this is important.  These phones are NOT new!  I purchased two of these phones for my sons.  I tried to set up the internet and found that the phone was either used or refurbished and had the previous users information.  Both also had parental control blocks on the internet and the previous users passwords were necessary to remove the block. I called my carrier and they told me there was nothing I could do and I should return the phone.  I am extremely disappointed!

This is not a U.S. version as the advertisement claims.  The phone is okay, but has some quirks that my first RAZR did not. I would not recommend buying this phone and would have returned it, but that's a hassle and I needed a new phone. I believe the advertising is false and misleading.

My son's razr v3 phone had quit working. He really likes this type of phone. So I found this one and sent for it.It works really good and he is using it every day.

Hmmm... my review is...it was great to get my second razor phone. My first one lasted 7 years. Your 'new' Razor phone on the other hand lasted me all of 15 days before it fried and is now no good. Rather pissed I must say considering you have a 15 day return policy. So I give your phone and return policy a huge zero. I will not recommend your service to anyone I care about. From my personal experience you sell junk and rip online shoppers off. To make this issue better send me my money back and I will send you your junk back. With concerns to posting my review I have to reluctantly have to rate at least one star when none is deserved.Consumer: Jason Bonham

I had a motorola razor for 4 years.  When it died I bought this one.  What a mistake.  The new one was not compatible with my carrier and it is not even close in quality to my old one.  It is a cheap version of my old one.  You get what you pay for.  Not a deal at all.

i was not accustomed to T-Mobile phone and wish that had been clarified. Your product description in ALL categories is poor. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION should be BEFORE the sales pitches for free shipping and credit card solicitation. This phone does NOT say when charge is complete and does NOT beep to warn of low battery.

ZENA Mobile's Customer Service representative M.s Jauia was very professional and polite. Responded to a complaint quickly and without issue.  Keep up the great work,

A replacement for my original Motorola Razr V3.  I guess they don't make them like they used to.  Not the same, quality-wise as my original, but it'll do.  Paint chip off easily, sure wished I had opted for the silver one, not black.

Seller under-stated the condition of the phone.  This thing was completely worn out, almost falling apart.  It doesn't even work half the time.  Buyers beware.

I ordered this phone for my uncle who lives a state away, so I personally didn't get to test it out. Anyway, he loves the phone. He says that of all the phones over the years (which have been many), this is the ONLY one that consistently gets service in his house..: something to do with a great antenna. The only issue is the camera isn't great. Otherwise, the phone it's self works great! Also, it came with the charger & everything it said did. Hope this Is helpful!

My battery is not any good an I can't send no picture messages .its hard for me to find some one to see about it cause its an older type phone

The phone isn't quite up topar with the original Razor I purchased from ATT It works ok but it has a losse connection where you incert the sim card and I get a error Install sim card repeatedly which is annoying. I have to remove the battery and sim card then reinstall them to get thephone to work again. I called ATT and explained it to the support section and they said it was probably made outside the US and doesn't meedt the ATT standards and network signals.

had a few tech problems but all worked out and this razr v3 works fine would buy from this vendor again.

I love the RAZR phones and when unavailable locally I was happy to be able to find a new phone online. We received the first phone we ordered and it worked for one day. We returned it and received a new replacement phone from the seller. That phone worked for two days. We took the phone to the local AT&T store where they checked out the phone, checked the network, replaced sim card and still no working phone. Regrettably I will be returning this phone for a refund and hopefully the seller will honor it.Very very disappointed

This was the first time ordering a major purchase like this from Amazon, so I was kind of worried how it would turn out.  For one thing, the shipping time was 4-14 days so I expected to wait a very long time, but it came in only 3 days. And another thing, the charger wasn't working properly so I emailed the support and received an email back within a half hour saying that there would be a new charger shipped immediatly. And the phone is brand new and works perfectly! I was very impressed and would suggest this company.

I expected more from this phone.I was not happy with alarm/ringtones choices. I am returning this phone for a refund.

volume too low.cannot be raised high enough. hinge pin on flip came off. motorola quality is not what it used to be.I would make another choice.

battery fails to hold a charge dies in less than 4 hrs. with no use at all phone it's self works great

Six months ago I bought this phone. Now I have been missing calls as the phone wouldn't ring.  Vibrate is all it would do.  I called AT&T; and was told to take the phone to one of their stores.When it was checked by the store I was told the speaker was bad. I don't know if it is under warranty?

This Motorola Razor purchased a month ago is great except for 1 flaw.  Sometimes and inconsistently the screen goes into a Sleep Mode and will not turn on until I turn the phone off and re-start it.  I have lost calls in the process.

My husband is stuck on this phone so after he crushed the other phone he had I was happy to find this Razr at a reasonable price. One problem is the battery doesn't hold a charge as long as some we have owned. Otherwise he is happy.

Sue C. in your customer service department showed exceptional customer care for all the issue's related to the previous problems experienced with a re-seller for Amazon. The A-Z Guarantee Department was extremely slow and non-committal to resolution.The second phone that I received through Amazon directly was good and worked. The only problem was that the battery cover received with the phone, was for another model. I had to retrofit it to get it to fit the phone that I received.Sue has a drive to provide the customer with the satisfaction to continue to look at purchasing other  items from your company. In the future, I will most likely look at direct purchases only through Amazon!Please pass along my thanks to her.

the back peace on the phone did not fit. phone does work good and is in good condition no problems with the phone as of yet.

This phone may be &#34;unlocked&#34;, but it CANNOT BE USED! We have taken this phone to several phone places to see if they could make it work. My mother got so tired of it that she set it to the side and said &#34;Forget It&#34;. When the phone is &#34;reset&#34; it is in another language and you cannot change it. Do not waste your money on this phone or any other phones from this company. And don't dit on your bottom and let the return date pass!!! Camera also does not work.

Overall, the phone was OK.  The screen had spots on it that won't come off which is the only drawback.  It look likes the phone my have been used.

Item was described and packaged well thanks got it for a gift for my husband he loved it very sleek and wallet size

I ordered this phone to replace the Motorola RAZR V3 because the letters on the dial were worn to the point I could not read thim well.I thought it was an USA model but It must not be because keys are not in the same place. I must have the Europe model O well,it was my mistake and I will live with it!

I had to settle for such a dated phone and it arrives,locked on the Cingular(AT&T)network! I wouldn't recommend this seller,unless you want what you didn't pay for and to be inconvenienced!

Phone quality is terrible.  Had phone for one day and the face came right off.  Phone does not stay connected when calling and receiving calls.  I would not recommend this phone.  I made sure I ordered a US phone and thought it would come with US settings.  Phone came in a different language than English and I have to continually change settings in order to text.  I hate it that I have to be  so negative, but this phone really was not worth purchasing.

The product was delivered defective.  I did not know it was used when purchased.  I had a hard time getting it exchanged.  The company I purchased it from had a 20% restocking fee associated with their RMA.  I wouldn't have had a problem with that if it hadn't been defective when received.Normally, I like the RAZR product and have had at least 4 of these phones.  This is the first bad one.

This phone was great with the exception that it would not hook up with Verizon. Same Motorola Razr that we had but they could not hook it up. Had to return it. The dealer did a great job getting our credit back on our card. Very fast and efficent!

This phone I brought was returned to the vendor due to power shutoff when close the flip or enter on the key pad. Vendor claimed unopened box from the manufacture, but I don't believed. Manufacturer never sell a problem product from the factory. It could be remanufactured or reworked phone.

I lke the phone. I was replacing it with one I already had. I had to return the phone because it kept dropping calls. I was told by my cell phone provider that the problem was because the phone is an older model it is only a 2G networking phone.

Nice looking phone.If the phone has any problems, the motorola agents are unavailable to help in any way except to offer to maybe repair it if sent in, for more than the cost of an unlocked version.Find a company that supports its products, that either is number one, or wants to be.  If you want an android, there are several companies that are HUNGRY for your biz.  Motorola is not.

The purchaser is well pleased with this item, and seems most impressed with the size of things on the screen.

Phone arrived right away and my nephew was very happy with it. It works very well and we are very satisfied.

It is not 5 star just because the LCD cristal of the front of the phone was not correctly pasted, by the time I remove the protection the glass came out!!! anyway, I pasted it back with glue.

This phone was a At&t phone and wasnt able to use it when I got it. Luckily Alltel will be AT&T next year around march . But have to wait till then to use it.

My phone does not allow me to review my recent calls easily. And the phone it very hard to hear when it rings. Little things like accesing my address book is too conversome and i was hoping for something better and easier.

RECIEVED ON TIME BACK COVER WAS BROKEN ASKED FOR ANOTHER ONE AND THEY SENT ME A PINK COVER SERIOUSLY WTH THE THE HONE IT SELF STOP WORKING WITHIN A FEW WEEKS HORRIBLE DONT WWASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ITH THESE PEOPLE VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.

Three Motorola RAZR phones YOUR OUT!  I've now bought three of these SO CALLED Motorola RAZR phones. From three different Amazon venders. All these Motorola RAZR cells were piece of JUNK! Each of them lasted six to eight weeks and would break, just stop working. New batteries from the Batterie Store at $37.00 a pop only made the phone last four weeks longer.The last two broke at very times they were needed the most. All these phones have to be cheap knock off's from China. The business that sell this crap though Amazon should be pulled from doing business on Amazon as they are crooks and swindlers!http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0016JDBYG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img

I received the phone on time , it looks good but the only problem I have is that the phone doesn't last long and it's not the battery because I replaced it also it tends to turn off by itself when I'm on a call .

They dealer sent me a box with one piece of bubble wrap!?!? Do not order from them!!!!! How do they not know they are sending out an empty box? You can feel it when you are holding an empty box!

Battery is even not sitting tie inside the phone, I can hear it moving around when i shake the phone, it is not even charging, never able to turn on and get it work.

Will be used to replace my dad's old phone. It is simple to use with basic funtions. He likes it

The original Razr phone was pretty much my favorite phone.  It had looks, functionality, and slimness.  Tastes in fashion change and so do phones.  However, I just wanted the ability to call and text on a handy flip phone.This phone is the technology of a decade ago so the graphics and features one expects of today's phone will not be here.  Construction quality is the standard of years ago so it may not feel as solid as many of today's phones.For what I want it do, it is uncomplicated and inexpensive.  It's been reliable and the performance in receiving and transmitting gives me no reasons for complaint.There is no comparing it to today's multipurpose smartphones.  Today's phones can do so much more.  I didn't want a phone to do so much more.  Make and take phonecalls, send and receive texts, voicemessages, and a phonebook is all I needed and that what I got in a good looking easy to use device, which is what the Razr is.Put in your SIM card, charge the battery, and start using the phone.

i am very diasappointed in the battery life of this phone. it will not hold a charge for longer than 2 days and will discharge very rapidly after two short calls of six minutes or less. i am not sure that it is the phone itself or the battery, very disappointing.

I bought this phone by mistake, thinking it was the V3III version which I love. This is not a good phone. FIRST! This was suppose to be a NEW phone but upon checking out the features I found there are 10 text messages on the phone ( all in Spanish!!) already on the phone. It doesn't save numbers the last number that calls you so you can just call someone back, no you have to look it up in your phonebook if you have it otherwise your tough out of luck. If you do not connect with a call the first time, there is a HIGH percentage that any immediate re-tries will end with "Call Failed" message. The back cover has fell off the phone twice in the short amt of time I've had the phone. Buttons on the sides are too easy to hit and there is a spot on the side of the phone somewhere if you touch it, the phone goes blue screen and ask for your simms card inserted! Using the speaker option is somewhat terrible because people complain they hear interfere noises when I use it and there is a delay in talking so when you talk you end up talking over the other person talking.Honestly, I had a GO Phone as a replacement for awhile, while I waited on this one to arrive (which took 2 weeks) and the GO phone was a much better phone and it didn't have the speaker option!!If you want a good phone, don't buy this one.......you will waste your money. I feel like I didn't get my money's worth, just a headache that won't quit.

The phone itself is fine for a back-up traveling, but the cheap charger that came with it quit after 2 charges!

the product is refurbished, not new!!! I purchased this product new but is refurbished, paint in less than 2 months started to peel off and the headset does not work having to talk through the speaker

had a few problems with merchandise but was assured it will be taken care of immediatly! very impressed with supremedal! thannk you ahs

this phone I was sold as new and used and did not work on the third day of use, but do not buy on amazon. thank you very muchMotorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video Player - U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)

Back cover on phone would not stay on from the first day. Will not receive or send pictures. Had to get a new sim card for phone. Took phone to AT&T store to find out why it would not recieve or send pictures. Took 2 techs almost an hour to decide that they could not figure out why the phone would not receive or send pictures. Phone is not set up to connect to any web access. Now the ringer will not work, so the only way I know I have a call is on vibrate. Unfortunatly they do not make RAZR's anymore. I loved my old AT&T RAZR, but trust me, this is NOT a good alternative.

What a disappointment. From the moment out of the box I knew this was a bad decision.parts that aren't the same color. Device was very lightweight compared to a real razor. Random &#34;insert sim&#34; messages requiring rebooting. Finish that is wearing off like cheap nail polish. Maybe if I complain enough I could another piece of crap, oh goody; my time is worth more. If your looking at this, keep looking.

Received the Motorola RAZR V3 and everything seemed to be working OK.  Went to charge the battery up and the charger worked the first time.  After the first time using the charger, it didn't seem to want to work anymore.  It was a good thing I still had my charger from my old RAZR V3.  Other than that I'm satisfied with the cell phone.

Good workable cell phone to have. Small, light, and usable to run-out a iPhone contract. (Five more words required ;0)

We were not satisfied with this purchase because it didn't come with a SIM card so therefore we can't activate .

hey we got the phone, but it came with no sim card and we want the many back so that we can give you back the phone or what eles can we do beacuse the phone said it was knew

This phone is not the US version.  Phone came loaded with UK Vodaphone software.NOT what is advertised.  Cam with very spare generic manual.

this item has problem since day 1.first battery cover not close propertyand now not reception on the phone (can not e recieve or make call always fail)

I bought two phones to use outside USA upon both of them one give an error &#34;battery will not charge&#34; They were supposed to be new but I can say with certianity they are not at all

I bought this phone for my mother she likes flip phones, and it was for our visit to Boston  we came here 10 days ago and until today the phone says no service every time I put a sim in I tried t-mobile and AT&T and still says no service. DO not but this phone its waste of money I says unlocked but I think is lucked.

Phone headset volume would not work.  Too much trouble and shipping cost to send it back.

It's slow, battery won't hold a charge, several features stopped working w/in 30 days, keypad rarely works, on screen keyboard is VERY hard to use because it's so small, (and I have very small hands!) and hard keyboard is also too small. Don't buy this phone!!!

The phone is good, but at times freezes up, will need to remove the back panel and adjust the battery to make it to work again. Its a good phone for basic purposes.

great deal. Just use it for phone. Everything works fine and all items were included except car charger which my carrier doesn't supply with their phones.

I had to return this phone because of issues on my end. The seller was very understanding and professional. The phone was exactly as described and in mint condition. It was to replace an older version of the same phone but the "Boss" changed her mind. This phone is apparently updated from the original model. If your looking for a Razr V3 this is it!

The phone did not work, except for a couple of days after it was received.  It did not work properly even during those two days.  ApexCell promised via email on May 4 to send a replacement.  So far, that replacement has not been delivered.  The USPS Tracking webpage shows that they received an electronic notification from the shipper on May 4 to expect the package, but shows no further activity.  I do not know whether ApexCell failed to ship the replacement phone or if the USPS mishandled the package, but I am not happy.  Thanks for asking.

I recieved the phone and i got it for my dad, he was really disappointed with the product.  It was cheap made and wasn't at all what was expected.  The memory was horrible and didn't even have a place for a memory card.  The camera took horrible pictures!  They were blurry and hard to see what the image was.

As others have said, good for the price, but remember this is a 2G phone.  It WILL be supported for quite some time however by AT&T; despite rumors to the contrary.  I discussed the matter with AT&T; and they said they have so many 2G users they don't dare cut 2G support any time soon.  When that day comes I am sure they will announce it, and there will of course be gnashing of teeth and rending of garments, but at least we'll know about it.That matter addressed, the issue some will have with this phone is that the interface requires a few more key-presses to get to common functions than the more current phones.  Eg: sending a text requires either 5 steps or 7 steps, while other phones require either 3 steps or 5 steps, depending on how you go about things.  For those of us with more recent phones who get this one, these kinds of things will seem a wee annoying until you get used to it.  That said, this phone works and that is what is key to happiness with any product: it's gotta work.

Bought this as a replacement for another razr. Came with many extras the original did not.

recieved product quickly. but then phone would only work 3 min then cut off. company has been very quick to respond .  but fast service on any problem. I would order again from this co.

Need a basic phone that provides excellent service?  This is definitely the one. Looks great, operates great, and is durable. I have had one for about 8 years and was extremely well pleased with it. Gave it fairly rough treatment and it recently finally quit on me. Received new one within 4 days. Switched sim card, installed new battery, plugged it in and in about 2 hours it came on automatically exactly as my old phone operated. The seller even included a new battery and charger that I wasn't expecting. Caution: be sure your sim card will fit - - - mine is from an old T-Mobile provider and I was using it in an old Motorola Razr. The only thing I didn't receive was a complete user manual - - - but I didn't expect one. They sent a partial manual that gives most info you will need. If more is needed you can get it free online. I can keep my old (very old & cheap) contract with T-Mobile now. Very seriously considering ordering another one of these as a spare for my wife. YOU ABSOLUTELY CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THIS DEAL. Paid about $53 total.

while trying to text later i discovered that all the alphabets on the phone does not work and that it has limited amounts of access to do personal designs on the phone.  all in all a good cheap phone.

i got my razr v3 new i turned it on then i tured it off, the next day i turne it on and it did not come on . i had it check and they told me to send it back

Ordered is phene from the verizon list of phines and it is not a verizon compatabile phone and the seller is not willing to let us return the phone for a full refund. tried to activate the phone on line no luck, called in to company no luck, took it to a verizon store and no luck there either. It is not a verizon phone.

Phone arrived as promised, but the back was broken where it clips on.  Wasn't a problem until I put the battery in and then it keeps popping off. Phone also shuts down when in use at various times.  I purchased this phone a while back to have as a "back up"...but when it came time to need it, it was of no use!

The phone worked for only a month. It was a big letdown since I was looking for a phone that's easy to slip on my jeans pocket.

This is my third Motorola Razor, I started using them over 8 years ago. They are quad compatible for use in the United States and Europe. This has been my favorite phone, no bells and whistles, no internet, just a plain phone I can use anywhere. My first phone lasted almost 5 years, the second one lasted about 3 years and the most recent one lasted 1 day and suddenly went dead. The quality has been going downhill. This phone is definitely no longer a well constructed tel although the box looks official Motorola. I was lucky to have the warranty or I would be out $60. I am lucky to be receiving a refund.I decided not to take a chance and order another one. I had to switch to a Nokia X2-01, non flip, keyboard style, quad phone. The ratings on this phone are high, so this one should work out fine. Too bad these Motorola razors are being manufactured with such low quality. There is still a market for these types of telephones,  if they are properly made.The Nokia looks like it still has quality control. I have not seen any negative comments. However, it costs $ 35 more than the razor.  Hopefully this one will work for several years.

This item was junk from the moment I took it out of the box. The buttons didn't work appropriately making it hard to dial the correct phone numbers and difficult to text. After about a week or so people I was talking to couldn't hear me unless I put it on speaker phone. I would definately not buy from that provider again.

This phone arrived and I fully charged the battery, this only gave me one day worth of battery life. I tried again with the same results, one day or less of battery life and sometimes the phone just shuts down when the battery is near the end. This MAY be because the phone has been in stock super long and the battery is ancient, (date stamped from 2009 or so) OR it could be that it is not a genuine Motorola product.Also the phone is more plasticky than I am used too with prior Motorola Razors. (Prior models maybe?) But this also makes me wonder if this is a legit Motorola product or some knock off.Adding to this impression is the fact that some of the little plastic/rubber screw covers came off within a day or two of purchase and the limited documentation that arrived with the phone.All of this adds up to a phone I cannot use and cannot return because I threw away the packaging. I am not at all happy with this product.

Tried to purchase Razor for my 83 yr old mother.  Got the "new" phone and volume did not work.  Sent back to address provided wirhin 3 days.  Company lost phone and I still have no phone.  Out of pocket $80 and no phone.  Would not buy ANYTHING going forward.

I had several reservations ordering this phone after reading so many of the poor reviews. Although Amazon LLC sells the item, it's over one-third more than other sellers. Before buying, I contacted Amazon customer service and they said I would get a full, no questions asked refund if the phone did not work with my SIM card if I used either Amazon or an Amazon Fulfillment seller. So I went for such a seller, less than Amazon LLC but not the rock-bottom cheapest.What I received appeared to be in brand new condition: the box was sealed, and so were all the bags inside. The charger has a US plug but can be used overseas. The battery appeared to be new too, and after being charged under three hours held it for over 36 hours.  The phone was unlocked, but T-Mobile branded. It worked with both my T-Mobile SIM and a UK (English) pay-as-you-go SIM.I wanted a quad band, unlocked GSM cell phone for overseas travel.  This phone fits the bill, and the aesthetics are nice.  Folded, the phone is quite pocketable.  Open, the size is easy enough to manage.  Both the exterior and huge interior screens are color.  The lighted keypad looks like "Tron" in its use of a blue florescent design.The owner's manual is quite skimpy and cheaply printed as other reviewers suggest. But I was able to download the full manual as a PDF from Motorola's web site.  The supplied manual is small enough to keep in a wallet while travelling, though.I didn't try sending an MMS, but received one or two of SMS advertisements, so text messaging works.  If you want a phone for overseas travel that will work in almost any country with a local SIM card, consider this one.  As long as you buy from Amazon LLC or use a seller with Amazon Fulfillment, you a) probably will not have any problems and b) will at least get a no questions asked refund with the seller paying return shipping if what you receive does not work as described.

It is a cheap knock off of the original Motorola RAZR.  The finish is rubbed off the keyboard already.  To expensive.

the phone used so much power that a battery lasted on a good day 12 hours.  One time I took it from my pocket it was so hot, I felt as if I was being burned or that it was ready to explode.  The most disappointing product I ever bought.  It was the second RAXR phone I bought in two years.  I won't buy a phone off Amazon again.

I bought this phone around a year ago, and now it has become totally useless with the ear piece on the phone no longer functioning.  In general, I found the phone to be of poor quality, with the buttons coming un-glued, and the screens getting glazed over.The battery life is great, and so is its ability to move photos and files via blue tooth.  I will however, not buy another.

A piece of JUNK, I would never buy another and would never, ever recommend it to anyone! I lasted a few days, I sent it back, they sent me another, it lasted a couple of weeks and it died too. I threw it in a drawer and bought another brand of phone! JUNK, JUNK, Junk!

This was my second Razr.  I love them, but this unlocked one came with Cingular software in it, and I have T-mobile.  Even with T-mobiles help, we couldn't access T-zones so I could buy ringtones and stuff.  I sent it back. If you have Cingular, it would have been an awesome phone...

I purchased this because it was supposedly unlocked, not the case. I would not recommend this to anyone. Just go to your service provider and get a newer phone.

Husband had one for 15 yrs or longer, still works but the face is blurry. He wouldn't use anything else. Loves it

The volume wasn't too good during calls

Attached is my first e-mail to the seller:I received my new V3 Razr this past Saturday to replace my old V3 that was damaged.  The problems began Saturday.  When the phone arrived I inserted my SIM card and the included battery.  It showed @ 2 bars so I began charging with the charger included with the phone.  Within about 2-3 hours I checked the phone and it indicated that the charge was complete so I began using it.  I sent a few txt msgs and was told they arrived.  However, I have tried several times to send and receive mms texts with pictures and am unable to do so.  In addition, I had problems with the volume during a call (sometimes barely audible) despite my having adjusted it to the max (7).  Even during the call the volume decreases to the point it can faintly hear the person but am unable to understand what they are saying.  The volume overall seems better on the "speaker" function.  Also, on Saturday and again today I have placed calls, one for my voice mail and another to join into a conference call for work.  On both occasions the phone simply shut off, after several attempts I was able to access the calls.  I spoke to ATT today and they recommended I reboot by removing/replacing the battery.  I have done so but the conf. call issue happened afterwards.  ATT suggested that if the reboot didn't help I should call back tomorrow, from another phone, so they can troubleshoot the phone.  I plan to do so in the AM.  However, given that my previous Razr lasted 3 yrs, without problems, I think I would like to try my luck with a replacement. I believe that the mms issue is a network problem because the clock does not auto reset but as to the other issues I think they are likely phone related.  In balance with the other issues I've described this may seem trivial but the word "Dialed" is misspelled in the "recent calls" menu as "Dialled".  What's up with that?Attached is the second e-mail:I got the phone on the 19 (Saturday) though the USPS site indicated it was here on Friday.  I'm beginning to feel like a pest.  When I got the phone I inserted my SIM card and the new battery.  It was on charge for over 12 hours.  5PM Sat until 5 PM Sun.  When I checked the phone it was still blinking (Brown Battery Symbol) and indicated it was charging.  In an attempt to troubleshoot the issue I inserted the battery in the other phone and it did the same thing.  So I assumed the battery was defective.  I inserted the 1st battery in the new phone and it charged to "full" in about 3 hours.  So I began to test the other issues I had.  I was able to send msgs with pictures and regular text msgs.  Then I tested the volume on a call.  I called my voice mail (length 2.5 minutes) and the volume seemed OK.  Approximately 4 hours later (all I had used the phone for was 3 texted msgs & the v-mail) the phone began to beep indicating the battery was low.  I checked & it was.  I figured I hadn't charged it fully so I put it on charge over night.  It came off of charge about 5 AM this morning and went unused expect to check 2 phone #'s in the address book while I was at the office.  As I was heading home about 3PM I left a 1 minute phone msgs for my son and the phone went to 2 bars.  By the time I got home (approx 30 min) it was beeping "low battery" again.  What's the problem?  I can live with the misspelled words in the menu's but my last Razr could go for days with a couple phone calls and many texts and not require charging.  I didn't often go that long without a charge but I have.I've grown fond of the Razr, this is my 4th one but, maybe the model is getting so old that need to consider buying something more up to date.I received a replacment that resolved the audio problems but the charging issues continue.  I need to keep the phone on a charger at all times.  At home , in the car and at the office, just to be sure I can have a 1-2 minute call off charger.  When possible I make & receive calls while I'm attached to the charger.  It sort of defeats the purpose of having a cell phone.  Being that tethered with charger cords I may as well have a landline. I replaced the battery at my expense but the problem continues.  Customer service tried to resolve the issue but the phones are junk.  I've had ATT provided Razr's that could go for days without charging during moderate use.  (Tons of text msgs and 3+ hours of talk time)  It appears to be a good company but a bad product.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0016JDBYG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title

I ordered this phone for my boyfriend he always used RAZR's befor an loved them.  This phone on the other hand his sim card slides around to easily so he had to put a piece of paper in like a shim an it don't do it as badly now.  The phone does work really good but he cant get multi-messages anymore for some reason.  Which is annoying.  I was gonna buy one for my self but don't know about that now.

I have  used this phone now  for a while, and got nothing but great service  and  it will give you reception when most of the higher priced phones will not.....  but if you one of those text maniacs...  buy something else.....

It  already completely stopped working.  Even when it did work  it would  just start dialing random things and going into menu options without posing any buttons.

Phone appears to be new, and works fine for my use - phone calls with bluetooth link to car.  However, its definitely a foreign version as it only does 24hr clock, and defaulted to day-month-year format.Phone Tools CD that came with only wanted to install in Chinese, so I had to find English version on internet.  After installing the English version, I discovered the supplied USB cable was also bad and had to use another (fortunately generic) USB cable.Still, it was cheap and better than the free phone from AT&T; that it replaces.  Shipping was extremely prompt and quick.

Wanted a simple phone for my dad to travel with but when I received this phone it had no sound no matter how high the volume settings were, it can only vibrate, and the battery life is beyond unsatisfactory, the moment charge is complete it took about 10-15 min. or less before it hit the red, it's complete garbage and a total waste of money, DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!

there is a constant echo on speakerphone, bad reception. i will donate phone and order one from tmobile. i am disappointed

I think that the razor phone is the best phone ever i realized that and when i was searching amazon and saw one i bought it the best purchase ever

I had to send the phone back it wouldn't work so it wsa replaced I got another one and it wouldn't work either so I had to send that one back and I got a refund.

We ordered this cell phone to replace an older one of ours. It works fine, except that it does not send or receive picture messages.

This phone is advertised as a US version and having warranty. This is the second one I have received and after calling motorola I have verified that it is not a US version and has no warranty.

I bought this phone and when it arrived it was a cheap refurb that had problems from the moment I put the sim card in. The Customer service is bad, basically you have to use email to get a RMA Number and then they take their sweet time sending you a RMA form that makes you list all this stupid infomation then you have to send it back to them. I have not gotten a number yet, even after sending them emails to check on the status. STAY AWAY FROM THIS VENDOR.

Your service was great but I was disappointed with the phone. I had to take it in to the ATT store to fix the settings and connect to the internet and it still wouldn't download ringtones from their site. They are not the same as the original Motorola RAZR phones. The third day I had it a piece fell off in my hand and I had to return it.This is the second one I had to return so I changed to a different phone.

I have loved your products even in the past so I'm adding on to it.  I had to send one phone back because the volume didn't work you repaired and sent back immediately! That's what I call service! No problems.

Item arrived in Portuguese even though it says it's U.S. Version. Cannot make voice dial calls because there's no way to train the phone to use the voice dial. It's simply not there. Had I known this before ordering, I would not have ordered this phone. Warranty does not cover language problems or missing commands such as the voice dial.

received this phone on 6-27-2011.  main problem; the rear cover will not "latch" closed like it is supposed to do.  it is apparently a knockoff, the picture on amazon's web site shows the front of the phone with the motorola logo or emblem, but the one I received has nothing on the front.  the rear cover only has one tab on the bottom of the cover that is inserted first, whereas my old motorola phone has three tabs.  this is the first item that I have purchased from amazon that I have been dissatisfied with.  It seems like it may be a hassle to return this phone due to the list of "hoops" one must jump through according to the sellers instructions.

I rec'd item promptly,the follow up was good.The battery was no good.Motorola was good-sent replacement no hassle obviously this hasbeen an issue in the past.The directions for operating the device weresadly lacking.As a result there are some features the phone has that Iam unable to use.Not every one was born with a gadget in his ear.Thephone talks and listens just fine.

the phone i bought was in fine shape i believe it is new but it was made in 2008 the battery will not hold a charge longer than 6 or 7 hours

I ordered a new Razr about 1 month ago after getting mine wet.  I did not pay any attention to the details of where it was coming from or if it was a US version and ended up getting a phone from Hong Kong that you had to go through several steps to text in english.  I was just getting used to it all when it died the same day I received it.  This senario seems to have happened to other folks as well.  So sad because I loved this basic phone like many of the other reviewers.

Iam not satisfied with the seller, the charging port cover is missing . The case is mixed parts, two different kinds of material. Part is gloss black & part is flat black. the volume is so low its hard to hear it ring. This was to be sold as new.

This would be a good phone if we could depend on it to hold its charge. It will work fine all day and then the next go dead within minutes. It is very disappointing.

I am extremely disappointed in this phone. I sent the first one back because it wouldn't ring.  It was replaced with another phone.  Now the new phone rings but it will not hold a charge. It has to be charged everyday and after 40 min. talk time the phone goes dead.  Now I either have to send it back again or buy a new battery for it.  I would not recommend buying anything from Amazon again if this is the type of product you are selling.  I thought I was buying a new phone but I believe it was probably refurbished.

This phone was not unlocked as advertised and since I bought it as a gift and was unable to return it within 30days I was ripped off.  Filed a claim and everything with no success.  I don't recommend purchasing anything from this seller.

I'm addicted to the old-style Motorola RAZR. My original unit, circa 2002, finally died. The Brand-New RAZR was exactly as promised. Delivery was fast. No problems. I hope to buy another one here in ten years or so.

okay, I'm one of the flip phone die hards and cannot part with my beloved phone.  Yet!  I received my replacement RAZR fairly quickly.  At first glance it looked like an authentic phone.  As soon as I took it out of the pkg and slid the back (battery/sim) compartment off - it broke.  ok - I have the old one to replace it.  Installed the battery, my old sim card and It worked.After fiddling with the phone, I quickly saw the differences from my old phone.  First the texting was an entirely different process. Every letter you must "select" - got used to it and now actually like it.  The "Quick Notes" were in Italian, LOL.  Okay.  The "Dialed" calls is spelled "Dialled" - European spelling.  Okay.  The black paint on my phone and the silver dial is peeling off and looks like I've had it for 5 years vs the 8 months I've had it.  Not a big deal, just an observation.I still love my Motorola RAZR Flip phone.  Yeah, I know I'm living on borrowed time............:-)*****I am adding to this review as it is now ~7 months into it and this phone literally falling apart. It does not hold a charge at all.  I mean every phone conversation the battery is drained to one bar.  I ordered a new battery (Amazon) to replace this one.  The battery is labeled exactly as the original one, (even tried a 2nd replacement) yet it does not work. Out of know where, the phone drops calls, goes blank and says, "Insert Sim".  I can do this 20 times before the phone comes back.A warning to all of us die hards: This phone is a refurb or an imitation of a Motorola Razr, not an original.  Oh, and at eighty dollars - RIP OFF!!!!!I WILL NO LONGER BUY ANY PHONES FROM AMAZON, because they ARE NOT NEW PHONES or are FAKES!  Buyer beware.....

works good, no complaints as of yet.  Turns on and off as advertised and so far so good.  No complaints.

Ordered two to replace ours.One was not new.Both were foreign made with Italian prompts & Not supported by our carrier.

DONT LIKE THAT BATTERY DOOR SAYS CINGULAR ON IT AND EVERY TIME YOU POWER UP OR DOWN IT SAYS AT&T WHICH I CANT STAND POOR UNLOCK JOB OR REFURBISHED PHONE BUT IT WORKS

The two phones I bought received promptly. Having issues with the battery; it seems not to charge properly, the charge don't last a single day, getting message "invalid battery"If you buy it, I hope your phone works better than mine did.

Any disappointment on this item was my fault, not the seller's.  I have had one Razr that I have loved (it is presently having a few problems that will not fix themselves) and thought I'd get another to replace it.  Unfortunately, the one purchased was not equal to the quality of the one I was attempting to replace (lighter weight, no provision for added memory, could not accept most photos sent to me, etc.).  It was an earlier model of the razr and was not up to what I had been using.  However, the seller did not misrepresent the item - I failed to research the item in my haste to replace my failing phone.  The seller handled the sale and delivery with professionalism and integrity.  The problem was mine.  The item was exactly as advertised.

I will start off by saying that I have read the reviews of this phone and regarding the seller BSR. I must say that I am shocked at some of the reviews that I have read.Here is my experience with this phone and seller BSR.First off, the Razr V3 is the best flip phone that I have owned till date. The phone that I received worked as the seller has described and looked great considering that it was used. There were next to no scratches or cosmetic issues. The phone came with everything that was needed to use the phone. The phone held a charge and appeared to be fully functional.Here is my experience with BSR Cellular.If you are given the option to buy this phone from BSR, BUY IT FROM THEM. I must also say that I believe that they are the best sellers that I have had the pleasure of doing business with. Due to my ignorance, I purchased this phone without reading the entire ad and to my dismay, it was not for my service provider. I contacted the seller and explained to them my problem and without a single hiccup, they returned my money. That was not the end of it either, they not only returned my money, but also went through the trouble of getting the phone for my service provider and emailed me once it became in stock because at that time they did not have it for my provider and ensured that I received the right Razr for Verizon. This only speaks volumes on their customer service ethics.I hope this review even though it is not in its entirety based on the phone, will help someone in their decision to purchase the phone and whom they buy it from.

THIS IS NOT THE U.S. VERSION!  BUYER BEWARE OF THESE EUROPEAN VERSIONS BEING SOLD AS U.S. VERSION!  THIS IS THE SECOND ONE I HAVE RECEIVED.  THIS ONE WAS SOLD BY "AMAZON.COM" AND I THOUGHT THEY WOULD HAVE MORE INTEGRITY.  DIDN'T WANT TO REFUND MY MONEY UNLESS I CONTACTED CUSTOMER SUPPORT IN INDIA.

Took me some time to get the facts ,.. Motorola has stop making the RAZR V3 some years ago. Anything sold today is either old left over from days gone by, or a knock off ,copy and or a fake !!This phone came packaged wonderfully with all kinds of bells and whistles(extra stuff), It did have a wow factor . That's where it ended .The one I got did not work right, buzz and hiss when trying to make a call , it sure as hell wasn't like the old RAZR didn't even come close . I wish it had been,I love the old Razr phones by Motorola ,This one not so much .Sorry to say it was not good thing ,waste of time and money.Customer service was great (5 stars),this is a bad review on the phone .

Does exactly what I need it to do...make phone calls! I don't want a keyboard, I don't text, I don't want to surf the 'net on my phone...I do all of that with the 6 computers I have at home & work. I like the decent-size number pad...very adequate volume and it looks great.

ZERO Stars!I had a Motorola RAZR flip phone a few years ago, and they used to be made out of METAL. They were durable and very reliable phones. This one I ordered, appears to be a cheap plastic knockoff; extremely flimsy, and poorly assembled. There is NOTHING about this phone that resembles the original model, except for maybe the software and the Amazon images you see here. I seriously question that this is a product licensed by Motorola. It is my recommendation to stay away from this particular product and possibly the reseller. Buyer beware.

I order this phone to replace the old one , this phone work great ! I had a Motorola RAZR3 for long time , I love it . The seller I rate 5 star too .

This, I thought was a nice phone. It works well, however the charging port went out within three weeks of use and I cannot get it to pair with the bluetooth earpiece; and I followed the instructions to the last word.Other than these two issues, the phone is ok thus far.I am taking it to be repaired and once repaired and in use I will add a furthar review

I bought this phone for my mom since her old Razr died. She loves it since all she needs a phone for is to make calls. Works great for her.

This cell was bad from the start. It would turn itself off for no reason and finaly just would not come back on after about 3 weeks

I purchased this phone to replace my elderly mother's razor in which she knew how to use. I took it to the ATandT store where they told me it was a stolen phone and the serial number had been ground off, the phone was useless. I am pleased with amazon whereas they quickly refunded my money.

1st...... I paid 50 bucks for the thing!!2nd..... It doesn't hold a charge!!!3rd...... It doesn't receive text pictures!!!!4th...... It does't do videos!!!!The screen doesn't show who's calling, very confusing to set up!!Never buying another phone online again!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this phone to replace the exact same phone that I have had for many years, and just died.  I am very happy with my purchase.  Everything went smoothly, and my new phone arrived when promised.

This is a piece of junk and it broke within 2 days of receiving it.  The screen went black and it was dead.  The battery also only lasted a few hours.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME

Phone has issues; like cutting off after a couple minutes. Bought it until my phone comes in. So it served its purpose.

hola buen dia he tenido problema con ese envio todavia no he recibido mi producto ustedes me podrian enviar el trakin del envio gracias

This is a warning to all consumers to not buy these products from third party - The OEM Shop. They are defective and I was told they were still under warranty but only for 7 days. After the last day of the warranty ending one phone audio stop working and the second phone top glass display came off. Do not buy from this group. THIS IS A WARNING !!!!!!! Lost my money and will not buy any product from third parts vender.

I purchased this phone Jan 6th 2012. For over a month now the phone doesn't hold a charge for 5 min. Whether its the battery or the phone I don't know.. but either way it is definitely not NEW as advertised. and now its too late to return it. boo. Sold by: Young Kimbrough aka the OEM PLANET.

No issues with my unit.  Sensitive to which charger you use, but if you use the correct charger(i.e. the one that comes with the phone)there are no issues.  Obviously this is older technology but it makes a great "back up" and it is so much more compact for carry than my business new generation Driod Rrzr.

The first phone I received did not work.  Had to return it for exchange.  Seller made exchange process easy, but it did cost me nearly $9 for shipping and insurance to return the defective phone.  The replacement phone arrived promptly and works great!  Battery stays charged for days, much better than my Sony Ericson which I had to recharge every night.

it I made sure before I bought this phone that I read the description fully which stated the it was an unlocked verizon motorola razor phone which was a lie it was an at&t so I will be returning it asap and will not ever order another

I ordered this phone, but unfortunately it fell apart in the first week of use.  I was so disgusted I threw it in the trash and went back to using my old one.  I got an email from Amazon asking for feedback, so I left one explaining how unhappy I was with my purchase. I figured I would suck up the loss and move on as I am a busy woman and did not want to bother with sending the phone back etc.  I actually figured that as the phone was trashy...I would most likely getting trashy customer service too.  I could not have been more wrong!I got a voicemail and an e-mail almost immediately apologizing for my trouble.  A very nice lady called Laura promptly refunded my money and made it more than right even though I don't even have the phone in my possession now.  I was VERY impressed.  She explained that they had got a few phones from a supplier that turned out to be not so good and that they were doing everything in their power to make things right for the customer.  She was pleasant and helpful and made no excuses for the quality of the phone.  When my current phone breathes it last, I will be returning to this company for a new one.  They have won my future business.

I purchase this phone for a friend to be used in Costa Rica.  It work lovely in New York City; it is a quad band and should work well in Costa Rica.  I am waiting on words from my friend in Costa Rica.

The dealer was great, they called me about a problem I had with the phoneI purchased, and told me to send it back and they would send me another.I would recommend them to my friends.Richard George

Cingular Phone.  This is a Cingular Phone.  I found this under the search &#34;verizon flip phone&#34;.  Condition looked good though.

This was delivered May13, 2013 as a refurbished phone and was not working at all by June 15th, 2013. Fortunately it was his birthday so we just bought a new phone but it was very disappointing as my husband loved his old Razr phone. Mine is still working (bought new) after several years.

When I bought this, it looked like the same version of RAZR V3 that we own.  However, turning it on, we quickly realized that it was an older version, and had to readjust some settings.  Other settings, though, were not adjustable, and it was just a bit of a hassle.  Works well otherwise.

I will not recommend this phone to anyone, specially from this seller. The phone was in original packing but stored in an area where moisture built up and within 6-7 days of unpacking, this phone died. I brought this phone for my brother who lives in India. He is a student, so wanted to buy an inexpensive phone. At this price, this looked to be a good phone. I sent this phone with a friend who was visiting India. The phone died within a week of usage. My brother took this phone to a cell phone repair shop and was shown all the fungus and green/brown patches that build up within the electrical circuit. It could not be repaired, because the phone is out of production and electrical parts were not available and even if it did somewhere the repair cost is ridiculously expensive.Please don't buy this item.

THE PHONE WAS SHIPPED WHITHOUT ANY INSTRUCTION MANUAL TRIED TO CONTACT SOMEONE THAT SAID THEY WERE GOING TO SEND ONE .HAVE NOT RESIVED ONE YET.STIL WAITING,WHAT IS THE PROBLEM.

The RAZR is a good phone small thin, and has new updates. but the phone will not recieve picture text.

This is the third RAZR that I've got in the last year and they all have problem with holding a charge more than 12 hours this one is no better than my 1st two.

Said it was Verison compatible but used a SIM card that is not used by Verison, not to mention the keys were in Thai and not English.Sent back to seller.

I have always been satisfied of my previous purchases from Amazon and Amazon.fr.-In the case of the Motorola RAZR V3 that I purchased recently from  Amazon ,the phone works perfectly except for the fact that it does not keep the chargeas long as my previous Motorola RAZR purchased from T-Mobile years ago .I suspect that the Phone was shipped with a defective battery .If you can solve this problem , I would appreciate greatly .Also please let me know if this phone will work in Europe when I travel there sinceI had no problem with my old Motorola RAZR during my trips in France and other countries in Europe.-Best regards .FRANTZ JEROME

My husband and I have both owned razors.  They are easy to use and are wonderful to slip into a pocket.

had the phone a month.then the volume went out could hear but could not be heard.took it to get fixed was not worth it.bought a lg 920 on ebay for the same price it is working just fine

It wasn't what I expected.  It was only for an AT&T carrier and I have Verizon.  It wasn't compatible with my carrier.

I know its a old phone when i bought it, but a few months of use the lower half of the screen lost pixels. Any ways you get what you pay for.

I got this phone for my aunt that's loved ur old razr and it broke one day so I ordered this one to replace it. It's one of the beat phones ever I think. But for the price, you can get a smart now a days... But if u have an old person that know this phone, u should get it!

battery problem i bougt the phone to gift to my brother he said the phone look good but battery no last alway search signal and battery go out

Purchased two of these phones one in black the other in pink.  Have now had to return both of them for not working correctly.  Don't waste your time with these.  The ones we received were crap.  Black one - center arrow buttons would not work correctly.  Pink one - tried to make a phone call and they could hear me I could not hear them, it would not make phone calls correctly.  And the battery seemed like it did not fit right and the back cover would not lock down right.

Card was hard to find. It had poor reception. I had a lot of difficulty porting phone numbers. I hope it works better for someone else

When I received the phone the ring tones did not work. I sent my negative review to Amazon and promptly received an email acquiring about the problem. I responded and was directed to a repair on the internet. I did not appreciate having a phone that I could not answer, but I am pleased that the seller could it work.

Gotta love the Motorola RAZR V3.  Good, sturdy, ole standby that will last a long time.  Glad they are still available.

Bought this Razr to replace husband's older one that's no longer serviceable. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0016JDBYG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title After resetting the language from Italian to English, we were able to make it work for us. However, less than 3 months later it quit working at our home and showed "Emergency only", but it would work at least a mile away. After taking it to the local AT&T store, inserting a new SIM card, two lengthy calls to their tech support and another trip to their service center, we discovered the phone is 2G and does not work on 3G networks. We were told most international phones are 2G so they won't work here (USA). This information was not mentioned in the product specifications. Turns out AT&T is working on the tower near our home, as they are converting to 3G and 4G in the next year, so only service presently is in other tower coverage areas. Don't buy a 2G if you expect to use the phone with AT&T/Cingular in the states.

battery was broken when this was received bought a new one &  3 days after having phone the screen completely went black, very unhappy

DON'T USE ANYMORE BECAUSE FRUSTRATED WITH CONSTANT MALFUNCTIONS AND DROP CALLS.  WOULD NOT RECOMMEND FOR PURCHASE IF YOU LIKE CONVENIENCE.

this is a refurbished phone and its not new. the back plate is loose and feels tha the screen flex is not going to last

I would have reviewed this at the seller profile instead of here but unfortunately the feedback time line has ended.  I ordered this from OEM shop since the profile is 96% positive.  The product spec states that it's brand new but within a month of use the paint started to peel off.  Now after 6 months, I can see the red under layer color.  Our friend has the same model and the paint is still intact.  Other than that, the phone is working fine...

Not a USA version - only get this phone if you like texting in Spanish (even when set on 'English'). YOu can still text, but you have to constantly fight with the defaul program, which recognized only some English words. Also, it is constantly in all-caps and must be reset to lower case each time you text (and sometimes in the middle of a text as weell). Got it b/c I was desperate and wanted a simple phone, cheap. It's okay, but not great. They should not advertixe as 'US version' when it isn't.

I loved the phone, but my carrier would not cover it so I had to send it back. but I really did love the phone

My service provider was unable to activate this phone. I returned the phone for a refund. I am sure it was a great product but just didn't work out for us.Thanks

Have had this product before. Old phone about to give up the ghost, but not yet, so I haven't used this one yet. It said made in UK as others have noted, hopefully won't encounter the same problems as them. Hope they keep making these, the design is timeless, is so small and portable compared to these modern do everything phones.

The product came on a timely basis as represented.  Excellent value. I am wanting to replace the like product I have enjoyed for a long time.

This was not the American version....I never used it.  Could I trade it in for another one that will work.  Thank you

This phone came in new condition, and worked well.  It is supposedly a "US version," however many words are spelled as they would be in a European version. I also am unable to get the date and clock to function properly.  Perhaps this is related to the previous problem. The battery also has a very poor charge-life.  It hasn't lasted more then several hours before it needs recharged.  I am forced to buy a new battery.  The phone came quickly.  I'm just disappointed it was not fully as described.

I had this phone for several years, but when it broke I had to get a Black Berry. I hated that black berry, never never again. Yuck!

I have purchased several items from Amazon and have been satisfied with all...except this one. I wasn't expecting spectacular, but I was expecting a "good" phone. I know that it stated that some cell carrier's features may not work, but it also stated that it was compatible with several different carriers, one of which was mine. I could not receive pic messages, only texts. Also, I could not use this phone in my house, I had to step outside to get reception. Maybe it was just a lemon. I've had a RAZR company phone in the past and liked it very well. So, when I got tired of my personal phone, I decided to get this one. I immediately regretted it. The company that sold the phone was very nice by sending me updates on my order thru email, but overall I am disappointed in this purchase.

This item came well packaged but it doesn't hold a charge. When it discharges it loses date and time. Discharges After only a couple of hours. Have always liked these phones but not this one.

all kind of problems just not what I was wanting .I was wanting 1 like the old one I have had for years.

item was brand new and exceeded what i wanted good looking phone and would buy another phone from this person

Arrived in good condition, but was not quite like the original Motorola RAZR.  Serves the purpose for the price, but would never order cell phone like this again.  You just don't know what you are getting even if you read the specifications on line.

I bought the black Motorola RAZR V3 three months ago.  I did not use it until last week. The phone was dead within three days. I did make and receive a few phone calls within that three days. All of sudden, the battery became low, and I could not charge it. I put another (used) battery on, the same problem occurred.

The item was a RAZR V3 unlocked phone with camera and video player...it was sold by Young Kimbrough thru Amazon...worked great with "very limited use for about six weeks, then ring tone and ability to hear incoming calls stopped functioning, although vibrate would work. Of course return policy has expired although no warranty info. was received with phone.  One star is really too high! Will have to think twice before ordering thru Amazon again.Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video Player - U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)

Will not work with ATT after 7/30/2014.  I now have too many RAZRs that won't work.

This is my fourth time to buy the same phone. Is light, small and has a great camera. Great phone for the price.

I refer to your response concerning my Motorola Razr phone. I called Motorola and they informed me that the phone is out of warranty since 2008. This was very surprising as the phone was advertised on Amazon with warranty. I have tried to contact the seller as listed in the package, but I am unable to find either a telephone number or e-mail address for him.I hope Amazon can help me to resolve this issue. I bought the phone thinking that Amazon was a reliable source and now find that the advertising on Amazon was, to say the least misleading -maybe even fraudulent. I am unable to contact the seller and the manufacturer says I have no warranty, even though I understood when I bought the phone in May that I had a warranty.

Phone was listed as U.S. Version with warranty. Phone received was from Germany, obviously used or refurbished with a third party warranty. Phone did not have U.S. set up, but eventually worked well. Sound quality is mediocre at best. Phone was full of German text messages and voice mail somehow takes one to a German voice mail center. Originally a Cingular phone, it works fine with a T-Mobile SIM. Not exactly what we thought we would be getting.

No doubt the product seemed worthwhile, but it does not turn on. No instructions for contacting Motorola, or connecting to a web site or rebooting or paying a start up for it. The company promised to get a new one in the mail when it was 5 days late, but never did and it took 11 days to get there.No customer service after I said I was sending it back. We will see how long it takes to get the money returned. Hasslefree---IT IS NOT.

I received my "New" Motorala V3 Cell Phone yesterday and it seemed to be new right out of the box.  One thing I noticed, The "M" in Motorola that displays on the screen is upside-down.  The word "Center" is spelled "Centre", which tells me it's not truly a US version.  Second, the carrier show Cingular, instead of AT&T...and; several of the features (ie. unable to link ring tones to identify incoming callers by tone, arrangement of ICONS are way different than my original phone, it did not recognize my SIMS card "pre-entered" phone numbers (had to re-enter all my old #'s), but other than that, as long as it keeps working and holds a charge, it's worth the price paid.As for differences as relates to my original phone, I can live with them as long as I'm able to make and receive calls.  I've yet to see a copy of the warranty, but there again, as long as it covers the basics, I'll be satisfied.3 STARS.

This device appears to have been made overseas for European use. I am having trouble staying connected to ATT network. When not in use It keeps dropping the signal and reconnecting. The device code number that I had to register with phone carrier didn't have the same number of digits that they expected.

Phone stopped working about 2 days after I got it. The battery stopped charging until it finally didn't take any more energy. Never again will I order a phone on here.

Love the phone, simple, low cost phone plan, too bad it was defective. It looked new when it was received, preset in Italian language. I am assuming that it was a defective phone that was returned and re-boxed and sold into U.S. market. The battery was too fat and could not close the back case. I had to use the battery from my original RAZR V3 phone.Too bad, seems to be more of this type of thing occurring. Amazon sanctioned merchandise has a 50% return rate so far..makes one wonder.

When I bought this phone about a couple of years ago... I bought it for myself to put a pay as u go sim card in it. It is of quality make, durable and it doesn't look like its gonna break anytime in the near future.

The phone would not charge - took to an repairman and he said the internal wiring was corroded and not repairable.

I am QUITE displeased with an Amazon seller and it took me a while to sort things out. Amazon took ownership over the seller and granted me a refund. I contacted the seller about returning my product (Motorola RAZR), which they told me I could do although I wanted to exchange the product. First they asked me to wait because the product was out of stock, then then they asked me to ship it directly to a get a refund. I agreed and waited couple of weeks then the seller said it was too late for a refund. So I asked if I was going to get the faulty product back or refund and they just ignored my questions from there on. I took the phone to an AT&T dealer and they said the phone was a "knock-off item" and that they did not want to fix it. The seller and I exchanged 8 emails and the last one said "sorry it's too late to give you a refund" Shortly after this email exchange, I logged onto my Amazon account to contact the refund department... Thank you Amazon for the refund and beware of this seller (Convenient Global Trading)!

Zen a Mobile's mission is 100% customer satisfaction, and they live up to it. Even if you have problems with your phone, they will quickly take care of you and replace whatever isn't working. I will definitely buy from Zena Mobile again.

I bought and paid for 2 new, unlocked, Motorola RAZR V3.What I received was 2 REFURBISHED Motorola RAZR V3a.Unable to open picture messages nor send.Imediately after opening the package and discovered that the phones were REFURBISHED, I call the OEM SHOP, left several messages, sent a written request for reembursment, never did I get an answer.Thanks but no thanks OEM SHOP.

A good cheap phone to receive and make calls. It will do all that I require. I have owned 4 of them.

My husband dropped his V3 razor while riding his motorcycle. This is the only type of phone he swears by because of its sleekness. So, I noticed it was on sale at Amazon and I jumped at the chance to buy this phone that he enjoys dearly and is easy for him to manage while riding his motorcycle.

Am retuning it, screen does not light up, have ordered a new one, hope it works and I get it fast and a credit for the return

The phone is junk! It looks like the original but it doesn't work as well as the original. What a mistake!

I was looking for an inexpensive unlocked flip phone with a camera that I could transfer the sim card to from a very basic Samsung phone that Pure Talk gives you free when signing up with their service. Although the first one I received did not have audio they readily shipped another overnight. I've had it for two months now and am very satisfied.

Phone would not work in half the locations my other RAZR phone did. Face screen plate fell off. When it worked, it was good. A lot of cell towers would not pick it up even though it was ATT compatible. Sent back for refund. Guess another era is truly gone.

This phone is no good. I bought this phone for my father December 16th, because he doesn't want a smartphone and he likes the other razr phones. He hasn't had it long, and now you cannot punch in the numbers 7,8, and 9. I would have thought he would have had the phone longer before any problems would start.Even though the bluetooth is not on, the light that says it is on will not go off. It says he has to have a password when he wants to check his voicemail.When I purchased this phone, the sight said it was a U.S. Version. SO NOT TRUE! The site also said it was in new condition. I don't think so!The little booklet that came with it was a print off somebody made, who ran out of ink while printing it. They could have at least printed the instructins correctly. No help at all!The only positive thing I can say is that we got it quickly.DON'T BUY THIS PHONE. SAVE YOUR MONEY. BUY A DIFFERENT PHONE!

The phone was cracked and didn't work correctly. It was set in Spanish and military time. Not a happy customer.

I bought this phone after my second Z520a died and I got burned on an eBay auction for a third one.  I'll get my money back on that one since there was tracking and PayPal involved with a failure to actually ship.  (Ebay/Paypal refunded 6/2010)Anyway, you have an idea of what phone I am used to and now I have this one.I received it in two days, I used UPS Second Day service.  I was getting pretty desperate since the eBay phone never came and I was in get something, anything mode.As far as I can tell, the phone is new.  It didn't smell like smoke or have bagged items that looked like they had been opened.Sim slot seemed flimsy but is making a good connection.  Powered up and worked.  That is pretty darn important!Branded Cingular on back, symbol for T-Mobile on wall paper.Reception quality is less than my Sony Erricson Z520, bluetooth doesn't seem to let me get to photos on the phone, I can connect but not to files I know are on the phone.  I ordered Motorola Phone Tools 4.0 last night, maybe the view will improve.  I hope I can revise a review as I have more time with it.  I *hope* this isn't one of those crippled locked down phones the blood suckers (cell companies) try to turn into a profit center on ringtones and picture up/down loading.Ringer and speaker phone are not very loud.  Memory is 5MB, the Sony had 16MB.The longer I write the lower my opinion is getting.  Oh, the battery doesn't seem to hold charge worth a darn.  Like down to a bar after one day w/o talking on it more than a minute.  I ordered another battery.I have a USB car charger for my ancient Palm TE, it won't charge the phone.  Runs my Garmin Colorado GPS and charges the Palm just fine.  That is an irritation.It does have multiple alarms.  That is nice, I take a lot of meds and being prompted to take each one is a nice feature over my z520 with only one alarm.Where could this phone actually rack up points over time?Reliability.  As much as I loved my z520, I went though two of them, well three if you count the time I took parts from the first one to fix the second one.  Google white screen of death.  Also, the magnet for the flip function tended to draw in metal dust right near where the output transistors for the RF section were located.  Stupid.  I work in a machining facility.Staying connected.  My last phone had a habit of just dropping me were signal strength was good.It is a phone.  It was 72.49 with free shipping if I had time to wait.Wes SzumeraEdit 6/5/10I purchased a copy of Motorola Phone Tools 4.0 and it would not connect to the phone.The battery that came with it was a dud, the one I bought cheap from The OEM Shop actually seems to work.  I only get a charge complete with it if I use a PC to charge it though.  The other battery is still a dud, I tested it again using the PC as a charger.I complained about the bad original battery and Amazon wanted me to ship everything back which I was against.  The phone does work and I don't want to be quality assurance on another one.  Eventually they contacted me and said they gave me a 15 dollar credit and buy another battery, don't send yours back.When I tried to apply it the credit turned out to be 6.99 but I bought the replacement battery for just less than that so it is all good on that.I finally got my ring tones on the phone but I had to use PKCommander v6 from [...] which always makes me nervous since it is hard to tell if the software you get for free is clean as in no bad packages attached.Speaker volume sucks!  My custom ring tones are not as loud as the Z520a and they buzz.  The only good thing I have to say about this phone is that it does have multiple alarm clock settings.  That is becoming its most redeeming feature.Oh yes, flat black, avoid it if you expect the paint to stick on it.  I'm not a slave to style so that doesn't bug me too much.

I ordered this Motorola hoping it would work since I purchased one on e-bay only weeks before that worked for less than 15 minutes. There have been no problems with this phone and I would not hesitate to buy another.

It's a good phone, but I'm having problems with the sound. The sound go in and out. You can be talking and the phone go silent, then comes back on.

Came T-Mobile branded. I was going to activate at T-Mobile anyway, but was disappointed that I won't be able to use it on other carriers should the need arise.Was new and works great otherwise.

In the past, I purchased 2 Motorola Razr V3s from vendors in Hong Kong and they were the International version with misspelled words such as personalise forpersonalize in the tools menu. Also, the foreign versions have the word dialing misspelled as dialling.The misspellling of the words - personalize and dialing with personalise and dialling reveal the version of the Motoroal Razr V3.I purchased the black Motorola Razr V3 from this seller, fullfilled by Amazon.  And they also have the words personalize spelled as personalise andthe word dialing spelled as dialling. I conclude that these phones are the international version of the Motorola Razr V3 because they have thesame two words misspelledThe international version of the Motorola Razr V3 that I purchased from Hong Hong vendors lasted about a year before they died.

Garbage phone. It doesn't even have the Motorola Manufactured logos on the phone itself. First time I cut the phone on it took 15 minutes to come on. This product is NOT U.S. manufactured. This company is selling this phone(s) through false advertisement. The entire casing of the phone is NOT original and just looks cheap and breakable. Not made of the material of the REAL phone. JUST PLAIN GARBAGE>>>>I PROMISE.

We received the unlocked RAZR phone as expected. Working beautifully. My son was able to move his SIM card to the new phone without difficulty

I purchased a Droid 2x almost 2 years ago. Over year ago Motorola stopped providing upgrades and the phone has missed calls and needs rebooting regularly. It does not always sync with Google calendar, bee restored to factory, replaced completely 2 times including a new battery and still does not work properly. Motorola and Verizon both refused to replace the phone with a equal phone other than the same one even thought the phone is insured. Go to Best Buy, they honor their warranty with a phone that works equal to what you bought at time of purchase if you have problems.

we purchased this cell phone to go with the pay-as-you-go, AT&T; Go Phone Service. The black painted matte finish starting to tip slightly on the edge on one side. Because of this, I don't think the finish is very durable on the long run. If nothing else, the voice quality is fairly good to me. Initially, the battery doesn't seem to hold a charge for a long but gradually appear to improved with more charge cycles. The digital camera resolution is quite low but adequate for simple snapshots. Because of limited storage, the digital camera is probably useful in case of auto accidents or other uses.This phone has many other features that is not supported or optional with our service provider such as net access and IM as well as online gaming. Although I haven't tried it yet, it's supposed to also record videos. Like I said earlier, because of limited storage it would not be practical to use. This phone uses a miniature USB port like those on some Cannon digital camera. I've tried hooking this phone up to my computer using my digital camera patch cord to see what would happened. My computer wasn't able to do anything with it. I found out that in order for the phone to interface with the computer, the optional software is required. This phone also would not charge without the needed software. Although, this feature is not important to me.Final thoughts: As a basic no thrill cell phone it's okay. But the paint finish quality leaves a lot to be desire in my opinion. The ring tone using the vibrator feature is so so being kind are weak. Under some circumstances it may not be felt.

bought this as a gift for my mother and no matter what we did it would turn itself off.  BUT!  the seller did take it back.

I bought the pnone  for my husband because his razr fell apart and this one won't ring.  He's tried everything he can think of and it just won't ring.

I would NEVER have bought this item if I had not known that only ATT phones have the hearing aid compatibility. I had a phone that looked exactly like this one but mine could be turned on hearing aid so I could hear on it really good. God bless.

I don't have wish or desire to waste time sending texts to anyone. This phone still fits the bill and it doesn't take up any extra space or need special coddling.  Only problem I have is Verizon just bought out my local carrier and they are demanding I give up my phone.  Unfortunately no other national carrier works in our no man's phone land as they are many miles away.

This Motorola V 3 will not work on the Verizon network. It was not compatible with their cell phone system.

The product shipped was not the product advertised.  As ordered through OEM PLANET and fulfilled by AMAZON - the phone is not a US edition but is an international edition.  What the big deal, you say?  Well not much at first - it takes some familiarity with the RAZOR menu system and some deductive reasoning to reset the language as English so you can read the screens and menus.  Once that is done the bigger problem is the predictive text for texting.  The phone will not properly predict English words.  So for example trying to type "STORE" returns "PUNSE" "STOPD" "STOPE" "STOPF" etc. "STORE" is not even an option.Also the phone randomly shuts off, as another Amazon customer stated a few reviews ago.Do yourself a favor and skip the hassle of a return - shop for a different phone.

I bought this phone NEW 5 years ago from a local mom and pop store. I did not buy it for any other reason but basic communication. This phone's front-end is more sensitive than other cell phones I owned and picks up weak cell towers where previously I experienced dropped calls. Secondly, the sound quality is great which is part of communication. It is very clear and as good as a quality FM radio with no &#34;hollow&#34; sound in the earpiece which is a real plus. The quality of the metallic like dialing buttons is great and has easy to see large glowing blue numbers that are recessed slightly inside the metal keys.  No signs of button wear after 5 years of use. This phone has a strong hinge. A total leather &#34;Made in America&#34; case is still available from Amazon for this phone which will protect it completely from damage in a 6 foot fall and allow the user not to remove it from it's case when making or receiving a phone call. Plus the phone is very nice looking IMO.  There are newer phones out there complete with bells and whistles but I will stay with this phone as long as I can.

I bought this phone a couple years ago, and it was great. Although I was suprised when I got it. First of all, it's huge. It takes a while to get used to the size. It had everytlhing that a regular phone would have, plus it had a camera built in. Overall it's a great phone and its discription pretty much describes it perfectly.

This phone was a UK version,  It took some re configuring to make it function like a U.S version. the keypad also appears to possibly have been replaced,  The phone itself does appear to be new & unused,

The phone appeared new in the box until I charged the battery according to instructions. Letting this battery recharge for days and days hoping for it to improve, much to my dismay nothing improves. Everyone knows the irritating bleep of the low battery warning.  Two (yes 2) hours after reporting "charge complete", this is two hours into a roadtrip at 9 a.m. and I can't charge the phone until late afternoon, I can't believe my ears, I hear the BLEEP.  The battery shipped with this "new" phone does not hold a charge.  It discharges within the hour of reporting "charge complete".

The phone was received and is locked. I was unable to use the device since it was received. I will now be making attempts to have the phone unlocked and hope this will work.The delivery of the phone was extensively delayed, causing inconvenience.  A credit was promised by Amazon but this has not yet been posted.Overall, a most disappointing shopping experience with Amazon and poor quality product experience.

was better for me than use the cell phone company  insurance, was my best option

oh my God what a horror. That phone almost blanked out my sim card I will never buy a unlocked phone again. I have never had to return an amazon product until now. But it was easy to get my money back and to send the product back.

It works fine for the purpose, I am satisfied with the phone and would purchase again.  Its still working ok.

The phone was as advertised and well packaged for shipment. The operating manual and wall charger were a pleasant surprise. It took less than 2 minutes to insert the SIM card and go into service. (the battery was almost fully charged.) A good buy!

Very intuitive the software adapts easily to the specific function you're looking for, it is really slim and fits perfectly in your pocket carriying It almost unnoticeably, The battery lasts a big time quite frankly I liked better than the complicated software of my Blackberry. Simplicity is better!

Recibimos el telefono adquirido a Ustedes tal y como le informamos con anterioridad el mismo llego con las siguientes fallas, No le funciona la camara fotografica ni la camara videograbadora, igualmente al comunicarme me dicen los que reciben mi llamada que el sonido de voz es distorcionado, le ruego me recomienden si debo asistir a un servicion tecnico de motorola para corregir las fallas antes descritas. De ser posible, le ruego me contesten este correo en espa&ntilde;ol.

i recieved my razr 3 when they said. brandnew,  had a little trouble getting phone to work. customer service was great problem was my sim card worked in my phone not in new one. got new sim, phone works great highly recomend ! i could not beleive how fast costomer service got back to me  and they said if the new sim didnt work they would ship me a new phone right away or refund my money. couldnt have ben more helpful or friendly.

I ordered a unlocked cellphone because one of my phones was having problems when I dropped it. It toils not work the same however THE phone Amazon send me was a prepaid phone but I just needed a unlocked phone too transfer all my info to. When I ordered my phone I was very thorough in telling the agent what I needed. However I'm reading this service unsatisfactory because of what they sent

there was no user guide and the phone looked like it was used. Didn't expect it to be that big and with very crappy ring tones.

I needed to downgrade from my iPhone and decided to go back to the razr.  I'm excited to revisit it.

wonderful lil phone my hubby loves it wouldnt have it any other waywas his birthday present since his broke the day i got this one

My mom missed having a RAZR phone and I got this for her. But, when I got it I was excited but after opening it I realized how cheaply put together it was and it just felt so brittle in my hands. I don't recommend this unless you like having a crappy cheap phone or just for a backup.

This thing was junk! Was in Italian, couldn't get it to do what I wanted! So long ago nobody uses those anymore, but won't buy a used phone on Amazon again!

This is my first review ever.  This is also the first time I have ever ordered something from Amazon that was not what I expected.The phone does work.  It was also new, as stated.  Works fine.  This does not appear to be a US version though.1.)  The included manual has a table of contents going up to page 100+...  The last page of the manual cuts off at page 80-something.  It also says in the back to contact Motorola-Asia for assistance.  Not a deal breaker, but this may indicate the level of detail of the seller.2.)  I say this does not appear to be a US version because I have two (2) used U.S. Razr v3's in my briefcase right now and this is just not quite the same.  This seems it might be a U.K. version.My 2 previously purchased US versions do NOT have the extra button above the wheel/pad.  This seems to be the only visual distinction...which results in...No such things as "missed calls" on this phone.  It is classified as a Received Call, but either has a "check" or "no check" next to the entry seemingly indicative of it being a missed call or not.Speed dial assignments (1 though 9) are 4 digit values (1001 through 1009).Cannot lock Smart Key on phone exterior.No light illuminated when charging."Center" is spelled "Centre"Installed graphics are not even remotely the same.Doesn't seem that time will auto-set.Doesn't even use the same battery part # as my 2 other U.S.-purchased phones.That is why I do not believe this to be a U.S. Version phone as stated.I am not very happy about this.  I am going to seek to get this resolved.  This is why I purchased this from Amazon because I believe they will make this right.End

I ordered this black Motorola RAZR V3 cell phone (U.S. Version) for $47.99 off Amazon.com from a different seller I think, not too sure. It states on the place where you insert the battery, MADE IN UK. Using the phone I went deep into the settings and noticed that the word "centered" was spelled "centred". No big deal as it is the only one you see and it is way deep inside the phone settings which you will most likely never access again once you are done personalizing your cell phone. From the internet I read that the U.S. version does not have a button located above the wheel but on this phone I got, it does have the button and it's good that it is there because it is a button for prompting delete options of certain things such as text messages, etc. Overall I give this phone a 10.5 out of 10! Thank you Amazon for such a low price for a brand new unlocked cell phone that works with ChatR Wireless!

Bought this phone to use as a business phone - just for calls and messages.  It lasted about 6 months.

You can't send MMS' but I rarely did anyways, BUT you CAN get them plus SMS' back & forth & GREAT range for talking. LOVE THIS PHONE!!

The phone did not work properly. I contacted the business and they did not have any more available so they provide a way to return.

I had to return it as it did not work with my cell phone provider.  It was a phone like I was look for.

The phone keep locking up and the battery had a very short life. I sent it back for a refund. I've had these phones before and loved them, was disappointed.

Could not be used on a different Cell carrier.  Miss leading purchase,  Wasted money on this phone, it was a Christmas gift so out of luck again.

Description says "with warranty" read the fine print. i obviously didn't. It died after 45 days and no warranty after thirty days. Sad product. Don't waste your money!

My phone was bought on Amazon in September 2011, brand-new, first owner, with full warranty. One day, all keys suddenly stopped working except the red power key. When it is pushed, a message says "Voice Record Memory Full". I called Motorola customer service. At first they said, as long as it's not bought from eBay, it has regular 1 year warranty. So, as asked, I sent in phone, along with the purchase order paper. A few days later, it was returned and problem was not resolved; a paper stated "out of warranty". I called again and explained, and was asked to ship it back, which I did, again with order receipt. A few days layer, same thing - returned, not repaired with a paper saying "out of warranty". Called again and was told the phone had fluid damage and cannot be repaired, which I swear was not true! After escalating to talk with a supervisor, their story changed; they said it's out of warranty. I provided order receipt, which I did two times already and then, story changed again: the supervisor said the receipt cannot prove I am the first owner. I asked how I can prove that, she said, she does not know. This is how Motorola treated a small customer who cannot do anything about them! I wish those people at Motorola customer service do a better job in serving their customers, big or small!

This phone was defective.  Should not be rated 1 star.  I tried to rate no stars and it would not go through.

My husband just wants a phone for calling and receiving voice mail.  No texting, no internet.  This is the 3rd Razr he has owned.  Hope they keep making them.  The best and most reliable deal was this one found on Amazon.

The phone was a piece of nothing, the screen felt apart before I turn it on, the phone looks fake!! never buying a cell phone from ebay again.. it was my 1st time, and it sure will be my last...

Phone arrived very prompt. Very helpful customer service. Very Helpful Tech support. Phone great condition.I would definitely recommend this company to friends.

I purchased the Motorola Razr V3 phone from Amazon. I thought I was getting a NEW phone. That's what the ad said, anyway. But what I GOT was definitely NOT new. The phone came with HUNDREDS of phone numbers stored in memory -- doctors and stores and company phone numbers. Definitely not happy about paying full price for a used product. It was deceptive advertising. The ad said it was sold by Amazon, but it obviously came from a supplier who just re-packaged a phone that had been returned by an unhappy customer.And the manual for this phone is worthless. It's like the manual is for a completely different phone. For example, the method of entering speed dial assignments is totally different from what the manual says. The menu items that it says to select do not even exist. I had to try every menu item before I finally stumbled across the one that worked for speed dial assignments.Come on, Amazon. Deceptive advertising. Very sloppy. Buyer definitely beware.

This product disapointed me to no end! It did not function well at all. Because I was away for a while I thought I was out of the time frame to return this product. This is the last time I will ever purchase an item without physicially checking it out first! The ringer stopped working, I could not imput contacts, calls where continuiously being interupted and the battery would not hold a charge! It reminded me of a very cheap Chineese knockoff or worse! Never again, never, never, never!!Vernon W.

This is a simple phone that works great for making calls. I bought it for my mother who can't use touch screen phones. So far very satisfied.

It's been years since I purchased this for my husband and he still uses it.Wouldn't change for nothing in the world

I love this phone. It is easy to get in and out of my pocket and I have not had any issues with it yet!

Bought this phone from AMAZON site (seller was The OEM Shop) a month back. This was shipped to me in 8 days then it had bad battery.Again it took 5 days for my seller to send me the battery.Even the second battery  had problem. The fully charged battery used to  discharge if I talk continuously for 20-25 mins. The pitch of sound I was hearing after receiving call was uneven, seems like speaker of phone was overused or could be some other reason. There was a sticker pasted on body of phone, the area where battery is hosted, I removed the sticker and can easily make out some work around done with this phone to get this working.  My intention of adding this information is, in my view the body of phone was new but the electronic equipments were old or used. I opted to buy a new phone from AMAZON site. Looking at back side of phone, the cover which holds battery and SIM card is not properly aligned. It should get locked in such a way the battery should not fall out but due to its loose alignment there was possibility for the battery to fall out. Now I Paid the shipping charges and return the phone back to seller and still waiting for them to respond.

Please heed to the reviews that state don't buy the Motorola RAZR V3.  This product does not work in the US.  The feautres of the phone do not function, and the clarity is horrible. The Reseller I used, Unlimited Phones 4 Less, is not a good company to deal with, and I am sorry to say Amazon did nothing to help me get a refund or phones returned.  Now I have 2 Motorola RAZR V3 phones that don't work, and I am out my money. Don't think that just because I had a problem you won't, because you will.  Don't buy this phone.

Thank you, Cell Phone Kings. We were having some trouble finding a replacement for our first RAZR phone and thankfully we found your items on amazon.com. Everything is just as you described and our phone was here sooner than expected.

Listen to the other reviewers who have also ordered what was advertised on Amazon as a new Motorola RAZR US version cell phone only to receive a poorly packaged UK version of a refurbished cell phone.  The phone I received was also missing parts (like the attached charger door), so the phone had obviously received some heavy use.  Unfortunately, I've lost ten days in trying to replace my original phone.Since my order was fulfilled by Amazon, I thought Amazon would do a better job of policing such falsely advertised products -- apparently not.  Given some other reviewers complained of the same deception, I figured Amazon would have already cleaned things up.  Instead, I walked right into the same problem.  BUYER BEWARE with Amazon and this seller.

http://www.amazon.com/review/create-review?ie=UTF8&asin;=B0016JDBYG&channel;=reviews-product&store;=#I received my Motorola Razr V3.on Monday September 24,2012, and was pleased with the functions and ease of use, note I'm a very NON Teck person. It did not have the heft of my old phone a second hand Razr, which had given years of good service. On Sunday September 30,2012, the screen on the phone "burnt out" and I was unable to make calls of access any of the phones functions. As I HAVE to have a phone I can count on, my week old Razr went in the trash and I purchased a new Samsung phone at full cost from my local provided.Needless to say I will not buy another and I'm rather unhappy with Amazon for stocking and selling such a low quality product; this is not the quality of products and services I have received from Amazon in all of the years I have been a loyal customer.

Hey here I go again.Not happy with the phone. First it's a Tmobile phone , I wanted the AT&T phone since that's who my service is with. Also poor battery life. I quess since it's past the 7 day return policy,I have to suck it up and deal with this phone until I can upgrade with AT&T for a better phone in Nov.2012. Last thing phone not internet friendly. Wanted to dowload ringtones and found out that phone was not internet friendly. Again I'll suck it up. Most likely will not be ordering anything else. Not A Happy Camper.

I read all the negative reviews and decided to buy the black unlocked RAZR with warranty -- I'm sorry I did. It was buggy from the get go and frittered out entirely two weeks after I bought it. As of this review, it won't even turn on fully; it just flickers and goes out; it won't even charge.  I'm sure Amazon will do right by me with the return, but that hardly changes the fact that this transaction was a total waste of time, and that now I'm back to having to find a new phone.The bottom line: You should just buy a newer RAZR-esque phone rather than this device...

Old phone technology. Had trouble getting codes from ATT into phone. Once in place, it takes forever to receive or send a picture. We are looking for a new phone that works.

It was difficult to figure out this new razr because it did not come with the manual. Shame I thought that it was new, but the charger was not the original. It is still a good phone but not all parts were original.

Bought this for my husband who doesn't text. It's a great phone if all you want to do is make calls.

Was upset that it appears that the phone advertised was new and would come with a battery. This was not the case. The battery case does not stay on properly and you could see where someone super-glued it on. It does however work, and it is a cool phone. And it was also unlocked as advertised. So I do like it... but... the advertising could have been a lot more accurate and would would have been a lot happier customer.

Forget buying a Razr anymore!  They are all manufactured in China and NOT VERY WELL.  The paint is sloppily applied and chips off.  The first one I bought would not charge when plugged in.  I returned it and bought another (from a different company) and this one wouldn't RING!!!!  Returned again and bought a third one that you couldn't dial a call on.  They are ALL pieces of junk....so, don't waste your money

They are comfortable phones to use and do not cost you a fortune to own or replace.  Will replace again if I need to.

These phones are junk.  Mine has been replaced 3 times since initial purchase-quit working 45 days after purchase.  Worst replacement time lapse was 49 days between making claim and receiving another phone.  That phone is now defective.  Their customer service seems intentionally bad.  Although phone is still under warranty will call it a loss and advise others not to buy.

Phone lasted for a couple of months and then it broke. i should have just spent the extra 20 dollars for a new one instead of refurbished

I charged the battery and slipped in the sim card turned it on. The phone works just as good as the original phone that has lasted for years. It works with the motoraola software I have. This was a new phone and I am very happy with it.

Phone was good but was marked misleading because it does not work with the verizon company.It simply stated that it was an unlocked phone.

Old school, solid phone (though not quite as solid as my original RAZR that finally died).  Fits my pocket and perfect for my limited use.

I cannot beleive that phone was new. It must have been a refurbished model. I bought this as a gift to a friend. Was I sorry! The phone had many problems including receiving and sending calls. Motorola has obviously not resolved the problem of its flip phones turning on and off intermittently. Also, this phone had the same problem than the Motorola EX115 I purchased. No French! I thought that with the institution of the North American and Latin American Free Exchange Agreement, all products should include English, Spanish and French. What happened?

Phone was purchased as refurbished but appears brand new. Was unlocked as stated (ATT emblem on phone). Language was in Italian on phone. Using Google translate was no problem working around the Italian and changing it to English. Overall very happy!

I am very unhappy with this phone it shorts out while speaking and I cannot hear the other party on the phone, I am very disappointed and being a victim of hurricane sandy this is the only way of communication for me..I really would like a refund.

The phone I got was a new phone and everything worked well when it worked.  It would suddenly tell me to insert the sim card when it was already in and had been working perfectly well. The only way it would work without interruption was to leave the back off.  I returned the phone, they returned my money. Other than some wasted time, no harm, no foul.  I gave it 3 stars because Icouldn't give it 2.MGrimm

The phone itself works fine, but the call quality is awful. Even at max volume, you can barely hear the other end of the line. I know phones are really expensive these days, but please, go for one a bit pricier/ nicer. This is definitely not worth the money.

Arrived early.I replace the exact model that was lost on a airline, not recovered.Works fine, except:1. The auto day/time does not work. Resets date, but not time when I go to another time zone.2. Even though it is the same Motorola model, it will not download the address book from my old phones file save to my computer.Otherwise it is a good phone.This is the third RAZR V3 that I have had (lost two in travel).I considered a smart phone this time, but decided the V3 meets my needs.

Warning.  This product was branded with the ATT logo.  It still works with other gsm based providers, but if having the ATT logo bothers you then do not buy it.

Phone came quickly and appeared to be a cheaper rip off of the original ones, but not terrible.  The battery won't stay charged for even 24 hours with only a very limited number of calls and texts.  My old one would go for a couple days or more.  It also was dropping calls and the predictive typing feature for texts hardly worked at all.  Don't buy it if you want a decent phone

I was excited to be able to find a Razr when I dropped my old one. It was still working, but I figured it wasn't long for this world. However, the one I received had problems from the start. Many times the only button that would work was the off button. Turning the phone off and on did not solve this problem. When I looked online, I found that apparently I had gotten very lucky with my first Razr and that the new versions were riddled with problems. Although the seller was very good about refunding my money, it took a few e-mails. I would not attempt to buy this phone again, nor could I recommend it to others, but the seller was very responsive and I would recommend the seller.

The phone arrived faster then promised, fully charged and ready to be used.Great service & a great price. I will be dealing with these people in the future.I GIVE THEM FIVE STARS.

well this phone was awesome! when i was in school it was rrly easy to text,pictures was good, internet was awesome, dropped it in the pool and was in the rain in a couple of times before it started to mess up. so i conclude this phone being awesome. sound was great, small, skinny, easy to use. great for a person that first needs a phone. great t-mobile phone

this phone is a durable easy to use (old schoool) product aimed at the no so high tec person such as myself.

This phone does not get very good reception.  The paint is comming of, it looks like a VERY old phone in just a few weeks.  DO NOT GET

We used to have a razor but I think the quality has gone down.  It does work but when we received it it had a broken screen in the corner and didn't realize it for the first few days we used it.

It was meant to get me through the rest of my contract time. I guess it did that, but the quality of this razr is not great!

It does not work ,had to return Battery does not hold charge not even for 10 minutes.. liked the phone itself. disappionting.

I purchase this phone for a replacement when my old RAZA play out so far, it work for receiving calls and placing calls and that's all I need it for.  Remember people, just think when you vote in 2016 that our government a loud these crooks to stay in business off of our tax dollars and laughing all the way to the bank.  Wake up white America the major it is up to you guys to stop these crooks  because you are the ones that they make the most money off of as being the majority.  I am tried, you are tried and the whole world is tried since 1492.

As per my understanding better if they start the rate between 0-5, so that I can give then 0 instead of 1. Worst support from OEM Shop. I would like to advise everyone never purchase the things from Amazon.com. They are having lots of stupid vendors, those they are selling the things online and Amazon has no control on them. I am really frustrated.

This phone was troublesome in that it does not hold a charge as long as the previous version.  I have to charge it every night.  I have also experienced some dropped calls.  The predictive texting is also annoying and time-consuming.  If you click on the letter 'A', you may find that it puts you at several letters beyond 'A' and you have to arrow over to the 'A' and select it.  You then have to fight multiple options of predictive texting and select each letter at a time among many, by arrowing over to get the predictive text that is pertinent.  I have been unable to find out how to turn off the predictive texting because the manual does not mention doing that.  On top of that, this phone's keypad lettering is in Russian letters in a very small font, with the English lettering below, and very hard to read in such small print.  It takes forever to send a simple 6-word text.  I have told people not to text me anymore, which is unfortunate because it was such a time-saver for me in the past.

greatphone

First thing, it did not close tightly as the original Razr which I now realize was of a better model/design that I had before but ruined by laundering it!Second thing, which is unacceptable and the main reason it was sent back to the merchant was that I could not use any of the alphabet system to try to install my phone list!  Most frustrating!So, I had no option.I am sorry, though, for I selected your site purely for the reliability.  I know the merchant/seller was not directly associated to A.Regards, V J

This phone was made way below the original razr.  It was all plastic, the batery had to be replaced one month after I recieved the phone and as time went on it would not get a good signal.  Oh yea, the screen weht out and it went into the trash.  Not a good product for Motorola China.

This item did not work from day one.  Battery would not even take a charge.  We ended up stuck with a worthless phone and no refund.  Bad experience.

Do not buy this phone! It was NOT new, it was a reworked phone ( new, was in the discription ) . I bought it for my mother in another state, she did not like it, .. Waste of money!!!

i have recieved more than i expected the phone was brand new and tested it and it was fully fuctioning and it did was unlocked international version ,thanks for this order ,i did contact the seller before purchase checked few things and he was very helpfull in clearing every quastion i have about this order .thanksi highly recommend to deal with this seller and buy his productyou will not regret itthanks again

I bought two motorola razr phones at the same time and neither charger worked. Phones are doing good. I had to buy new charger.

Awesome. Great packaging. Best dumb phone ever made. I love this phone! I use this as a backup for my galaxy s4 for AT&T.

My phone keeps asking for passward i cant use it cause it only came with phone and charger. how do i know what the password is i dont so i cant even use it.

Same thing could not get the phone to work, too old of a product, towers have changed.  Please credit my accout

After normal use for about a month,the phone progressively gets worst. After first getting the phone, there was a artifact on the preview screen. Then a few weeks later, the buttons became unresponsive. Now the phone wont even make calls. It randomly turns on and off. When the buttons do work,they do the wrong thing.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE FROM ANY BUYER ON HERE OR YOU WILL BE SORRY! I purchased one for my husband and let's just say we are phone shopping again. He gets poor reception no matter where he is and there is a loud ear piercing noise that often interrupts us. He is Constantly loosing a signal despite having a top carrier (AT&T).

The phone works with our ATT sim card. It came in Italian display. It took a while for me to figure out how to change it to English. It does not have software for syncing with PC. If you buy the latest version, the mobilephone tool is listed at $49.99 on Motorola website. The phone is in black, and the color start to rub off in a week. Not a quality product

Within the Product Description is the phrase "not all carrier features supported",which I glossed over--unfortunately.  If downloading pictures to your PC or Online is important to you, then don't buy this phone.  Compatibility with AT&T; is fine for phoning, including Bluetooth.  But, support for AT&T; Multimedia Messaging is nonexistent.

I had previously rated this product as not being compatible with my Verizon service.  I took it with me to change my service plan but Verizon said it was not compatible.  After I wrote the review the seller called me to talk about the review.  He told me he would send me a a replacement phone free that would be compatible with my service at no charge.  He said if I was satfisfied with his offer to please go out and change the previous review.  I changed the review but have yet to receive the replacment phone.  Beware of this seller.  I would have gladly returned  this phone to him when I receive the replacement phone which hecould have sold again.

It was a horrible phone it was broke. They did not take the time out to send me a working phone  so they gave me a refund almost 2 weeks later  the battery in the back of phone was lose and where u plug the phone  up to b charged was broke rusted and bent please don't buy from  NUCELL

I have had this phn now for about a year or so. Never had a problem.  Love it!

Mine arrived on time, but second day it stopped ringing, only vibrates, screen goes blinking white when you press dial button, already contact motorola customer service and they say never cover warranties on products sold on amazon.com. very dissapointed with my purchase.

This phone was new out of the box, but cannot be a true RAZR phone. Labels peeled off the keypad, the interior screen went dark when I travelling, as if it hung when it lost coverage, and the final nail in the coffin was the sound stopped working unless I put it on speaker phone. I wanted a simple durable phone like my old RAZR, but this phone didn't last two months.

A Razor is  only phone that works good in my location.  I was so glad to get one.I had other phones ,but none worked like the Razor did.  When I took it in to get my carrier to change my sims card he said wished we could have this on market again.

The battery would not hold a charge on the first phone i recieved but they sent me another phone and i love itI would recommend this phone.

The phone is good overall for the price. The only feature I don't like about it is the message typing. It gives you options for words every time you type a letter and then wants you to choose the letter you like. This ends up taking so much of my time typing up even a very short message.

This product did not hold a charge like it was supposed to.  The quality of the material was cheap, not at all like the MotorolaRAZR V3-06 phone that I had before.  This product is not worth the price.

Love the phone, it's simple, easy to use and it's sleek design is exactly what I was looking for.  Flip phones are becomming harder to come by but I still enjoy this style.

They sent me the wrong phone, they did finally give me a refund, but it was a bit of a hassle to get in contact with them.

Glad they are still making these RAZR phones.  My husband has a hard time with the new technology and I hope they never stop selling these because he wouldn't be able to use any other type.

ORDER THROUGH AMAZON WAS SMOOTH BUT THE EXPERENECE I HAD WITH THE SUB COMPANY (OEM SHOP)WAS HORABLE.  THEY ADVERTIZED THE MOTOROLA RAZR V3 PHONE AS UNLOCKED.  IT WAS NOT AND THEY CLAIMED THEY DID NOT HAVE ANY THAT WERE UNLOCKED AND BEFORE THEY WOULD CREDIT OUR ACCOUNT THEY HAD TO HAVE THE PHONE BACK AND THEY WOULD NOT PAY FOR THE RETURN POSTAGE.  WE WERE OUT OF A PHONE FOR OVER TWO WEEKS.THERE IS A LOT MORE I COULD SAY BUT IT JUST MAKES ME ANGRY.I WILL SAY AMAZON HAS BEEN GREAT BUT I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD RETHINK THEIR ASSOCIATION WITH THE "oem shop"

Received the phone right on time only to learn that the charging port was bad on the phone. Was charged a bit when I got it but once the battery died it was useless.

I'm going to return it, the phone will not recieve pictures from friends. It's coming back today! The phone also wont scroll up to names lower in the alphabet, all my other razrs have always had this feature!

Although I ordered a U.S. version mobile flip phone, I believe it might have been an International version. The Calendar week days on the International version started with Monday, in the U.S. the Calendar week days start with Sunday, and the phone numbers on the International version were bunched together with no dash or space in between. On the U.S. version the phone numbers have a dash and/or space separating the numbers. I called Motorola and I gave the customer service representative the IMEI number from the phone and he said that the phone was a U.S.version and that someone changed the original default settings on the phone because I purchased an unlocked phone. The Motorola representative told me to return the phone to the seller because there was no way that I could put it back to the original default settings.

I believed it would be new.  In the back where the battery goes, it has a white piece of paper stating this phone has been Refurbished.  I contacted "The OEM Shop" (the Seller) and have not received a response back yet.I haven't used it yet, and will most likely return it.  The price difference between "New" and "Refurbished" is almost $20.  This has left me with a reduced sense of confidence when I buy from Amazon.com.

We purchased this phone with high hopes, but it failed to meet our standards.  The volume on the phone is very low, even when you have it turned up all of the way, and the phone is easily scratched and show through to the metal.  The screen is easily breakable and well as the camera.  I would not recommend.

Wow, I have never had a bad experience on Amazon until I purchased this phone. I received the phone early, however as soon as it arrived I noticed it was cheaply constructed. The front screen was literally loose, as if the glass was not glued down. After inspecting the phone thoroughly I found there were stickers inside the back of the phone under the battery covering an OEM REFURBISHED label showing that the phone was obviously not new. Further, after only 3-4 days of use the screen stopped working.Also, phone was not the U.S. version as advertised. This company is very misleading in their advertising.I have returned the phone, and after leaving a bad review for the company and the phone the company actually had the audacity to tell me to remove my negative feedback since they were refunding the phone......I do not expect my opinion of a product to influence a company's adherence to their return policy!&iexcl;DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!
