
I've had the E71 for a week, and here are the highlights:- slim and fits in your pocket- fast interface with multitasking- excellent battery life- keep an eye on multiple email accounts- the phone will read your messages to you- the built-in browser is great- the beta Skyfire browser is like a desktop experience- the camera is OK, and can upload directly to Flickr- the call quality is top notch- QWERTY keyboard goodness- real GPS- turn-by-turn talking Nokia Maps by subscription- free Google Maps with GPS location- Nokia Sports Tracker to map hiking & biking trips- MP3 player that can scrobble songs to last.fm- download podcasts right on the phone- FM radio- multi protocol IM with Fring- wireless syncing of corporate calendar with NotifyLink- open PDFs and office documents- encryption and remote locking security- works as a wifi voip phoneNokia is really great about user feedback, too.  I've joined the S60 Ambassador program to share and experiment more with the Maps application.

Overall the phone is very good. However, although it is an unlocked phone, it is made for the US market and only works with US sim cards. At least this seems to be the case for me. The phone does not support my Turkish sim card (Turkcell). When i called the Nokia Customer Service, they said they cannot do anything.Update: It turned out that my simcard was corrupt. The phone works very well with international simcards. Sorry for the inconvenience...

I used this phone for more than a year and it has been flawless on all counts.  The pro is that it is a small phone that can easily fit within your pocket and yet it is packed with functionality.  I would regularly tether the phone with my computer and use my unlimited data on the phone for internet service on my computer when I was in the field.  Browsing was a little limited so I installed Mini Opera which seemed to do better.  With Opera I could select and dial phone numbers on a webpage.... a great convenience.  This feature was not available with the default browser.The GPS was a nice feature that I used on a regular basis.  The MicroSD was another great feature of the phone, even thoguth it was limited, it still was useful.The con about this phone is that it is small and lightweight and it generally lacks the "wow" factor that so many other phones get.  But as far as phones go, I loved this one.

This is my fourth phone in two years, previous devices include Blackberry 8700c, Palm Treo 650, and most recently, the AT&T tilt. The E71 blows them all away. I received my steel gray version just a day ago and have been able to test approximately 35% of its rich feature set. The phone is beautiful and the design is extremely elegant. Very clearly, Nokia put in a lot of thought into its ergonomics and aesthetics. It is sized just right to fit into the palm and can be operated using just the fingers of the holding hand. It is very thin and light, yet as other reviewers have commented, the build quality is superb with high quality materials. The user interface and menu system is quite self-explanatory. Email setup is easy. Discovery of WiFi networks and their setup is also very easy. Web browser is fast! In fact the entire operating system is very fast. So far, I am very, very pleased with this phone. It looks classy, polished, and elegant. Definitely will draw second takes from onlookers. Will update this review with additional comments in a couple of weeks.

first, get the white, much nicer looking than the run of the mill crapberry-looking grey and black versions.  The keyboard is perfect for this size.  The screen is more than adequate considering you have a choice of excellent third party browsers, unlike iphone, that allow navigating, via zooming in and out, efficient.  If you think the small screen and lack of touch screen hampers this phone, I challenge any iphone user to do even half the things I can do with this phone in the same time.  The directional pad and shortcut keys and the shape of the keys are so well designed, I wrote this lengthy review on the e71.  For those who do more than just consume entertainment, this phone is for you.  But even if you do, it's got full flash support in the skyfire browser, unlike iphone. There's a reason why nokia still dominates the smartphone field in the world with close to 40% market share.

The product was delivered in time, in good conditions and exceeded expectations with the support delivered.Together with the cellphone there was a white case and the cell is very good.I strongly recommend this product.

Excelente telefono, me gustan todas sus funciones, muy completas y muy variadas, el GPS es mas completo de lo que me esperaba, para navegar en internet es muy rapido y sencillo, recomiendo este telefono 100%, nada que ver con los Blackberrys. Este celular es sencillamente excelente. De los mejores telefonos inteligentes que se consiguen.

This phone is the best phone you can hold in your hands. It feels great, looks great. Very SOLID. I mean it! Well, I have had many phones before, including iPhone and iPhone 3G, but this thing makes them all. Really. No matter that it does not have a touch screen. Navigation buttons and QWERTY are so useful - you actually forgetting about the touchscreen within 2-3 days. You understand that you don't really need touchscreen anymore. No lags or so with this phone. And with the latest lowest price on the market from Amazon, you clearly win! RECOMMENDED to ALL!

HI, I would really like to order this phone for use on AT&T 3g network. I currently have no data plan AND DO NOT WANT ONE!!!!!!!!! I have read that this phone will not be recognized by AT&T and thus they will not FORCE their ridculous data plan on you. Has anyone tried this? It is a lot of money to spend on a phone that I can't use if AT&T forces the data plan on me I'll have to stop using it. Any feedback is appreciated.

El Telefono funciona como es promocionado. El nivel de configuracion es muy bueno asi como la interaccion con el resto del software. La calidad de la imagen tanto en foto como en video es aceptable. El flash aunque es aceptable, no es propiamente flash, es una luz led, y otro dato curioso es que no puedes apagarlo (en caso de querer ahorrar bateria ). El telefono en lineas generales es excelente, pero debes asegurarte que las bandas en las que opera el telefono te resulten funcionales de acuerdo a tu operadora.Funciona 2g en todas las compa&ntilde;ias de venezuela. LO NO ME GUSTO: lo unico que no me gusto fue que NO TRAE CARGADOR , es decir si trae un cargador, PERO NO LE SIRVE AL TELEFONO, pero eso pudo deberse al vendedor como tal UNLOCKED CELLPHONEKINGS... ah y como ultimo dato les digo no funciona a capacidad 3g para la compa&ntilde;ia del logo rojo, pero para malestar y robilnet funciona excelente.  Gracias y suerte espero les sirva de algo...

I have owned the e71x for over two years.  I still have it and will probably use it until it dies. This phone has one shining feature; it is as tough as nails! I love the size, features and durability of the e71x. But all is not perfect in paradise.  Although this phone has a lot to love, it has a lot of problems.  So here is an idea of what is like to own the e71x.THE THINGS I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THE E71X:1. The OS:  Nokia stopped supporting the Symbian S60 3rd Edition OS almost immediately after they released it.  There are lots of glitches with this OS that need to be fixed via updates, but Nokia does not care.  There are thousands of e71x users like me that have begged them to fix the problems with this OS and we get no response. The e71x hit the market about the time of the Iphone and it did not get the huge reception that Nokia wanted, so the just abandoned it. That really stinks and shows poor character for a large company like Nokia.2. App Support:  If I were going to buy this phone again, I would buy the e71 and not the e71x.  The e71 and the e71x are identical except for the OS.  Somehow, even though they claim to have the same OS (Symbian S60 3rd Edition), some apps that will go work on the e71, will not work on the e71x. So there a lot fewer apps for the e71x.  But what really irritates me is that of the few apps that are available for the e71x, 9 out of 10 are not stand alone apps, but require network data support to even start up.  So if you are like me, a person who thinks it is dumb to pay $60 a month for a data plan on a phone that has wifi, then you will be ticked to find that most of the apps for the e71x require a data plan.  I don't mean that some of their feature will not work if you don't have a data plan, I mean that they will not even start up if they don't find a data connection. And just in case your are thinking of it; no, they will not recognized a wifi connection. So after two years of owning this phone, I have only found a couple apps that will work on it without a data plan.  I can tell you positively that, they people that engineered the OS for the e71x, deliberately made it in a way so as to force you to buy a data plan.  I paid top dollar to buy my phone so that I would not have pay for a data a plan that I would not use.  It really, really chaps me that AT&T; and Nokia conspired together to do what they did.3. Battery Life:  The battery life of the e71x is pretty bad.  I seldom make it through a day without having to charge my phone. The most I get out of it is a couple hours of talk time.  I have bought new OEM batteries for it, but they die just as quick as the old ones.  And just wait until you turn wifi on.  Oh my!  You can literally watch the battery meter go down.  I am not sure what kills the battery so fast, because this phone has a relatively large battery pack compared to other phones I have used.  For one thing, there are no manual controls for screen brightness. The e71x relies on a light sensor to adjust the the screen brightness, but it has never worked on my e71x, so my screen is always at it's brightest.  There is a slider control to adjust the sensitivities of the light sensor, but adjusting it has no effect on my phone.  Lots of other people have complained about this to Nokia, but as I have said before, Nokia does not care.  Oh, and the phone has a light breathing function when not in use that is impossible to turn off.  Basically, the phone sits there and slowly lights up and slowly dims, as if it is breathing. So even when you are not using it, it running the battery down.4. Wifi:  The wifi card on the e71x, is pretty weak, but it does work (for the 20 minutes you have battery life). The problem with it is really related to the OS.  The e71x has three idles screen themes (really should be called Layouts) and on each of the three themes appears a link to your wifi function.  So say you are sitting in a Burger King and want to check if there is a wifi hotspot.  You can quickly whip out your phone, click on the wifi link and be scanning for a signal.  Great right? Well, unfortunately that link causes your phone to crash three to four times a day, in what is call the infamous "Idle Screen Theme Error".  The phone will crash, sound an alarm and then give you the Idle Screen them error, and then come back online.  At first you don't notice anything wrong with your idle screen theme until you try to use your wifi.  That is when you notice that the wifi link is gone.  You then spend the next three days trying figure out what has happened, only to discover that you have once again been the victim of the glitchy Symbian S60 3rd Edition OS and that Nokia has no plans to fix the problem.  Now you are stuck with having to dig five menus deep into the phone settings to get to the wifi function, or go through the process of resetting your idle screen theme several times a day.5. GPS:  The e71x does have a gps, but it might as well not.  It takes no less then 5 minutes for it to find satellite signal if you are standing dead still in the wide open. But the really bad thing is that I have not been able to find a single stand alone app that will work with the GPS that does not required a data plan. If you have a data plan and are willing to stand out in the open for five minutes every time you want to use the gps, I guess it might work for you, but for me it is useless.6. Camera: The camera on the e71x is pretty bad when compared to other cameras of other smartphones with 3.2MP cameras.  Have even seen 2MP smartphone cameras that do better.  I actually used a panel made up of some friends to judge the quality of two other smartphones (3.2MP & 2MP) against the e71x.  The e71x lost hands down.  I seldom use it as a result of the poor quality.THE THINGS I LIKE ABOUT THE E71X:1. Size and Durability:  The e71x is a brick. It is really small for all the features it has and it is built more sturdier then any other smartphone I have held.  This was the main reason I bought the e71x in the first place and it has not disappointed me in this regard. I bought a slim anti-slip gel case for it when I first got it and it has been great.  It has fallen a few times on concrete, but the phone still looks and functions like it did when it was brand new.2. Keyboard & Buttons:  I am a big man with fat fingers.  At first I though I would have a problem with the small keyboard on the e71x, but after a few days of break-in time I was typing away.  Like the rest of the phone, the keyboard and the buttons feel solid and after two years of heavy use, still look brand new.  Not one single letter or symbol is faded.3. Screen:  The screen is bright and sharp, even if it is small (you can't have everything).  I have used screen protectors from day one and it still looks great.4. Advanced voice calling support:  I hate holding a phone to my ear, so I use a bluetooth 99% of the time.  I also hate having to pull my phone out of my pocket and look through my address book (over 300 entries) to find a  number to call.  But I don't have to because the e71x has advance phone calling support. I just have to push and hold the button on my Plantronics Voyager PRO Plus headset and speak the name of the person I want to call.  Wallah!  That is as easy as it gets.5. Text to Speech Function:  The e71x has text to speech functions and will speak out the name of the person calling if they are in your address book.  So say you are driving your car and your phone rings.  It's in your pocket and it is difficult to get it out to see who is calling.  Not a problem with the e71x.  It rings and then says the name of the person (if they are in your address book).  If the call is from someone not in address book it just rings, but this tells you that you don't know the person that well and you can decide to let them leave a voicemail if you don't want to take an anonymous call.6. Bluetooth:  Unlike some phone that don't like (or are software restricted from) transferring data with other Bluetooth devices, the e71x seems to be able to connect and transfer to any other Bluetooth device that will talk to it.  I Like freedom and hate it when manufactures restrict their products to work only with in their engineered limitations (I am talking about you APPLE!).Well, that is about it.  You should know all you need to know about the e71x now.  If this phone had a better OS (or at least better support from Nokia), better camera, better battery life and better apps support, it would be a five star phone.  That being said, it is still pretty darn good phone for phone and texting functions, and I would not shy away from buying another, but never at full price again.

Prior to purchasing the E71, I had the iPhone 3G. Granted the user-interface and touch response of the iPhone is great but I honestly prefer the E71 over the iPhone. Here are my reasons why:- You maybe wondering, why would someone downgrade from an iPhone 3G to Nokia E71 (2008 phone)? Simply because the E71 cuts all the unnecessary garbage and is just GREAT for making and receiving calls, checking e-mails (work, school and personal), maps/directions, music, calendar, contacts, slim form-factor, long battery life and most importantly, it's MADE IN FINLAND!- DESIGN: It's sleek and solid. Very well built and feels good in your hands. Metal backing and overall, looks very classy!- MUSIC: E71 is expandable via micro-SD. Invested in a 8GB micro-SD card (Class 6), transferred my music, purchased a 2.5mm to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter, bought a Fiio Headphone Amplifier and you've got yourself a high-quality portable MP3 player AND you can answer calls, browse the internet and check e-mails.- MAPS: Ovi Maps (offers voice-guided directions) and Google Maps are both great! One feature I absolutely LOVED about Google Maps for E71 was the voice-recognition feature. Press the TALK button and say the name of your destination (ex. XYZ Drycleaners), I was blown away by its accurracy - it actually works flawlessly! With Ovi Maps, you can download maps from different countries. I'll be traveling to India this summer and the idea/concept of having the map of India for point-to-point direction is just phenomenal.- KEYBOARD - Now I'm back to using a physical QWERTY keyboard but the layout is great. Well placed, raised keys. After a week or so, you'll get familiar and will be typing at a good speed.- SCREEN/MENU: Great resolution, brightness. Adjustable menus, icons, apps etc. The layout of the menus and options is simple and straightforward. Won't even need to look at the manual, it's user-friendly.- It's got VIDEO CHAT facility with a front-facing camera.- It's got an FM Radio which works great!Overall, if you're looking for a phone that DOES THE JOB and DOES IT EFFECTIVELY and EFFICIENTLY, go with this phone. Sound quality and clarity is great. I can go for 2 days EASY without having to charge the phone. If you're looking for a multimedia device, iPhone is your best bet. However, I've successfully been able to use pretty much all the features I used on my iPhone - maps (Ovi maps and Google Maps), E-mail, Shazam, Calendar, Facebook, Skype. I have the E71-2 North American Unlocked version. In other words, this is a WORLD phone! :) I've received several compliments on this phone in the past month that I've owned it. It differentiates you from the rest of the people with Blackberry's, iPhones, HTC's etc. No one can ever tell that it's a 2008 phone!Not really CONS but I'll say drawbacks:- no thread feature for text messaging- browsing the internet can be time consuming/cumbersome - but I don't usually surf the net on a mobile device that much anyway - (whether iPhone or E71)

This is a really great phone. It has everything you need to manage you life outside the office plus you get a really well constructed phone. It is really elegant and stand out from the ordinary plastic phones.Some people said that the symbian OS is outdated but if you install a good Theme(Like Steel Black or tehkblack) and Handy Shell App you can get a really nice interface.The E72 is the replacement of this phone but it dosent have the built quality of the e71. The e72 has a faster processor, 5 mp camara and 3.5 mm jack.The keyboard is really nice and soft. And you have lots and lots of apps from [...] so you can extend the funcionallity of the phone.If you need a case for this phone i recomend the boxwave E71 Clip that you can find in Amazon. It looks really nice.The phone comes with QuickOffice so can read and edit word, excel and powerpoint files, if you need to open the new version of this type of files you can get a free upgrade from Nokia so you can open office 2007 files.Really nice phone with multitasking of all apps not just a few.

I've had my Nokia E71 for a year now. I loved it at first because my previous phone was crap, but soon learned that this one is an even bigger piece of crap! :)Pros:* The keyboard is easy to learn.* I almost always have service (though that might be my network and not the phone).* I could get on Skype (but no webcam) with it, which was a plus when my spouse was in Afghanistan and I couldn't be by the laptop 24/7.* GPS Navigation works and has gotten me to my destination probably 85% of the time.* The camera has a flash.* I can use it to connect my laptop to the internet with the USB cable when the power goes out.Cons:* Menus are hard to learn (I've had this phone for a year and still don't know where to find some things).* The webcam on it doesn't work with Skype, and nobody else uses the few programs it does work with.* Every time I try to download an app or a theme or anything, it restarts.* Internet browsing is very slow.* The email app that comes on the phone doesn't work properly and I've had to uninstall it so it would stop showing up on my homescreen.* It saves up all of my texts and delivers all of them hours after I was supposed to receive them (and it keeps the time that I was SUPPOSED to receive them!).* GPS is designed to tell you to take the nearest freeway exit, even if you enable freeways (so it takes you the long way).* The people I talk on the phone with hear a lot of background noise.* Unless the lighting is bright and perfect, your pictures are gonna come out looking like you took them with a toaster. Even with the flash.* This "smart phone" doesn't have good apps or very entertaining games.* Pictures don't auto-rotate (which isn't a huge deal - it's just annoying).* Its newest thing is dropping calls.I've tried contacting Nokia about these problems and they were pretty much useless. They later told me to send my phone in, but since I have no house phone, I couldn't.I just wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. Especially with that expensive price on it..! I wouldn't even pay $30 for this phone. I have no idea how it got so many good reviews. Please don't waste your money...

I use my phone for 1-2 hours of phone calls, an hour of email, and maybe a little web and gps thrown in. I charge it every other day. Things that I like are the basic design, sturdiness and quality.  Call reception is excellent.  I previously had two Samsungs, and always had numerous dropped calls each day.  Reliability of radio service is much better now, which is saying a great deal considering I use the least reliable network (begins with "A").  It comes with a wired headset and I actually prefer that to my bluetooth earpiece.  Sound quality is important.  The speakerphone works but isn't loud enough in my car or outside.The keyboard is a little cramped and takes getting used to.  The dictionary works great and mostly predicts what I am trying to type.  You can add any word to the dictionary easily as you type.  I have g-mail and I found both the Nokia mail app and g-mail's own app disappointing.  The Nokia app doesn't display html messages without opening a separate browser--not good if you want to quickly scan through messages.  The g-mail app opens .pdf files within its program, but loses document formatting.  You cannot choose to open an attachment with a program of your own choosing (sounds like the Microsoft strategy is growing within the g-camp).  I found "Profimail" which works great for me.  It works more like a true desktop mail client and can update your IMAP folders so you can carry all your important messages with you.  You can download attachments to any location and open them with the application of your own choosing (like Acrobat Reader).  The mail client meshes well with the Nokia address book.  It is totally software worth trying.  I purchased it after only a couple of days of trying it out.There's another default screen app called "Active Notes", which I thought would make saving documents a snap, but I was again disappointed.  Sometimes I edit emails for people.  I copy emails, paste and create a document, edit and then send the edited document back as an attachment that can be copied and pasted into a new email.  I tried using Active Notes and it would only attach as a .zip file.  I replaced the Active Notes icon with Quick Office, which works well and saves text documents as .txt and .doc.For gps and maps, I use Google maps for Symbian.  The gps works quickly and accurately.  I'm a guy and wouldn't use turn-by-turn directions even if they were erotically whispered into my ear.  I just want to find my location and look at a map.  While house-hunting recently, I used it to look at the satellite views too.  I recommend Google maps and it's free.The browser mostly works well, and I salute any browser that can display modern web pages on a 240x320 pixel screen.  I tried Opera Mini, but didn't see anything better, so I just use the Nokia included browser.  Speaking of internet, I also use my phone with the included USB cable as a tethered modem.  The Nokia PC Suite of software makes that pretty effortless.  Too bad the USB cable doesn't also charge the battery.  I purchased a separate USB charging cable that adapts to the charging connector on the phone.There are a few little irritating quirks i found.  You can briefly push the power button to switch to different modes, like "Silent".  Unfortunately the default setting on Silent mode is to not alert or even vibrate upon receiving a call.  I missed a whole days worth of phone calls because of that one.  I later edited the Silent mode to include a vibrating alert.  That seemed a little lame to me.When the phone drops into the standby screen it displays the time without the backlite.  When you press the home key, the menu displays and when you press the menu key, the home screen displays--Totally backwards.The mute button is right between the volume keys and you can easily mute your own voice while trying to adjust the earpiece volume if you are not careful.The menus are confusing and completely non-intuitive.  Trying to find out how to change something like a hot-key can take a lot of trial and error.  An update to the Symbian OS is going to be necessary to keep Nokia competitive.The best case I found is from Beyzacases.  They are a Turkish company that makes fine leather cases.  I received mine within 3 days of ordering from them.Lastly, the fact that it is unlocked (but works best on US ATT networks) is the best feature of all.  You will pay half what you would pay for data if you buy a subsidized phone with a contract agreement.  When you remain out of contract your carrier's CSRs will treat you with more respect and care.

UPDATED!after some time with this device, i updated my review.  also, i wanted to give this 5 STARS, but amazon doesn't allow changing ratings.here's my review:i bought this e71 from amazon for $329 to replace a blackberry 8700.  what an upgrade this is.  in fact, anyone who has experience with an 8700 knows that it's a waste of time to compare the two.  so i'll just share some pros and cons...pros:1. good clear call quality; ultimately this is a phone and it needs to make calls and keep calls.  i have att wireless service, and i am on the phone day and night, and it hasn't drop a call yet, not even in areas where i know the signal is weaker.  overall the 3G reception is good and fast.2. useful and fun features; gps, wifi, usb, bluetooth, stylish look and feel, small size, qvga quality (although bigger screen size would be better, you'd have to increase the size and weight of the device), games, downloads, music, image viewer, video, etc.3. battery life; it's just amazing - i've used the gps, a lot of wifi and 3g sessions, downloading and installing lots of apps, updating software, updating nokia maps and all the stuff one does when one has a device with so many features.  after 2 days of doing all this stuff, the battery meter is only half way.4. i am very superficial about devices; this phone looks and feels sexy all over.  it's solidly built, feels heavy and looks sturdy, and it is tiny.5. qwerty keyboard; for anyone who is upgrading from a non-qwerty phone, this is quite a pleasure to up to.  if you've had a blackberry, i think this won't be a downgrade, but it'll take some getting used to the smaller size, esp if you have large thumbs like me.  i admit i do miss my old 8700 keyboard, but i'm getting used to the small one on the e71 and am mistyping words less frequently.6. email integration; i'm currently on a corporate imap, so exchange with activesync doesn't relate to me.  but at least my gmail and yahoo mail accounts are a breeze to set up and manage.  so far, the email client is very speedy and functional.7. downloadable apps; there's nothing i hate more than being stuck with a set of features or apps;  with that said, the e71 gives you a lot of apps to download and add to your lineup - skyfire, opera mini, joiku light, gizmo5 (for VOIP and multiple IMs services), g-maps, ssh, etc.8. skyfire; yes, it deserves its own section, and yes it's a 3rd party app that works on other phones... but if you want a full web browsing experience that puts the built-in nokia browser to shame (ok, maybe a bit drastic), then you got to get skyfire.  opera mini, based on a few days of usage on the same sites, actually loads faster.  but, what makes skyfire better in my book is that some sites presented in their mobile versions in opera, whereas every site i've opened in skyfire is same as i would see in browser running on a laptop/desktop.9. replaceable battery; i've had previous phones where the battery died and my phone was fine otherwise.  there was nothing i could do since i couldn't replace the battery.  amazon sells batteries for the e71, get a spare one for ~$35 if charging is too slow an option for you.cons:1. the camera software is great; so many options - white balance, exposure, zoom, etc. but that does not compensate for the disgustingly shameful camera on this oh so beautiful device.  the first time i took a picture with this 3.2mp camera, i almost cried.  the picture was blurry, fuzzy and had a purple tint.  what a disappointment this is;  i don't know exactly why it is so bad - perhaps the sensor, optics and flash are just POC (pieces of crap) components - whatever the reasons, the important thing is that the end results are crappy pictures in such a great device.the latest firmware is supposed to improve the quality of photos by this camera (along with enhancements in stability and performance in other apps).my phone came with the first firmware (from 8-2008) and other phones from amazon are likely the same. for more info on the firmware versions, go here:[...]i've tried to update the firmware for this device with info from this forum...[...]in summary, my e71-2 device was safely firmware upgraded - it worked for me the first time.  just remember to install pc suite, NSS, hard reset the device, use the correct code for your keyboard layout before you do the actual upgrade.although my upgrade went well and all is fine, the camera is still crappy.2. non-standard audio jack; my bose noise cancelling headphone doesn't fit? thanks nokia.  i guess i'll have to stick with my pc and my ipod.  sure they sell adapters, but they're bulky and ugly.  why nokia?  why!3. no microSD card; for the US version, there's no included card.  there's a slot, but no free card.  small problem, but still annoying.4. there either is no way or i haven't found a way to get all internet-connection-based applications to always connect over a default connection instead of asking me every single time. it's a little annoying.5. fingerprints; it's true what everyone says.  but oh well, whatever.6. Yahoo Go 3.0 runs 25%-50% slower than other apps on this phone.  the UI isn't any more graphics heavy than the other s60 apps, so i'm guessing it's making many [...] requests and they're all adding up to 4-5 seconds of load time for each page/screen.conclusion:i've forgotten about the crappy camera and moved on because i have a really good camera anyways.  you can't expect a phone camera to perform like an SLR, and thats what i use for pictures anyway.i also bought two necessary items for this phone:1. flexskin: http://www.amazon.com/Nokia-E71-FlexiSkin-Low-Profile-Black/dp/B001H3JXNE/ref=pd_bbs_sr_9?ie=UTF8&s;=apparel&qid;=1233858881&sr;=8-92. minsync car charger: http://www.amazon.com/Nokia-E71-miniSync-Charger-Bundle/dp/B001EHLSRC/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s;=wireless&qid;=1233859147&sr;=8-3i've had this device for 5 days and it has been all joy.  everytime i pick it up, i'm happy before, during and after using it.  it's just great.buy it already, it's just N I C E!

The case couldn't close well and had to get it fixed from another store.it was not well packed and I'm not happy with the product. I had gifted it to someone else and got to know about these problems later which was embarrassing.

I was looking to get a phone compatible with my ATT service without locking myself into another contract (perhaps getting an iPhone after the bugs are worked out ;) ) I saw this deal. It was simple enough - slid the SIM card in and bingo!I only have the lowest plan with ATT and was worried about NOT using the internet capabilities - I actually would like to figure out how to disable. Still working on that... There are tons of options in the huge menu string, many of which I have no use for but obviously they made it to work on lots of systems.I got the "white" phone - but it is more stainless then white. Keypad is white and some edges but the rest is stainless steel. The image makes it look white but think more steel, if that matters, it made me happier, actually. It has a nice substantial feel too it - very thin and smaller then an 2G/3G iphone. The software for the phone/system is easy - makes transferring data from a PC very easy, online updates are available. Was able to put iTunes music on this phone.Battery life of just standby is amazing. I have small hands so the keypad is no issue for me but...I could see it being an issue for others. Also...I am of that age - reading the screen requires my glasses. LOLOverall...I would recommend if you need an unlocked phone try this.

I've been a Nokia phone user for more than 10 years and always been glad with its devices. I've had a E61i for two and half years but since the phone started to freeze and no updated firmware was available I decided to buy the E71 model, even though a E73 was already in the market, I wanted an unlocked phone to use it with any GSM provider that I wanted. It's definitely an upgraded version from my old phone, plus more memory with a updated firmware which until this day the phone hasn't frozen out, smaller, got twitter, facebook and chat applications installed, hate the GPS and voice navigation system only has a 7 day license, will use it just when I really need it. I get to travel outside the US so it's cool to be in Latin America or Europe and just buy a prepaid SIM to not abuse on my roaming services. Battery life its fair, been on 3G and connected 24x7 to my Mail Server, it lasts for 2 days and I talk a lot,maybe it would last more when idle. It looks kind like a BB but as a Technology professional, there are a lot of applications for example Cisco VOIP that makes my job easy and reliable. Overall, great Phone and won't trade it for a BB or Iphone, on my opinion and based on my Nokia experiences, it's definitely a very robust phone.

me encanta este telefono, llego en perfectas condiciones a Venezuela ... no tuve problemas con La L&iacute;nea, desbloqueado totalmente a Cualquier Operadora. Lo unico malo es que no trajo memoria externa!

This phone is nice the only problem it said it was unlocked, but its not please make sure its unlocked before you get itNokia E71 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS Navigation, Free Voice Navigation, Wi-Fi, and MicroSD Slot--with Warranty (Gray)

Nokia just announced that it is offering free navigation for E71 for life, forever without paying a penny.Even just this is justification/reason enough to buy this smart phone made in FINLAND (not made in China like E72 which is more expensive than E71).The phone does not come with Micro SDHC card so you need to get one to be able to use maps, GPS, free navigation.The body of the phone is sturdy with metal parts but lightweight at the same time.It is very easy to browse the web even without touchscreen. E71 has WI-FI of course, good choice for VOIP calls.Iphone batteries can not be easily replaced but E71 batteries are cheap and easy to find and easy to replace.Iphone is a style epidemic, if you are one of those who can not do without being part of the follower-crowd, do not buy this.If you like functionality with style and value E71 is for you.I ordered the phone through Dell using a coupon, the price came out to be 220 including tax and shipping.My set included a bluetooth headset but did not include a leather protection case. But I got Otterbox Commuter Series protector for E71 from ebay for 24 including shipping.It is custom tailored for the phone and adds an additional attractiveness to the device also.

Amazon boasts that this phone has a ton of features, and it does, but compared to other smart phones on the market right now this Nokia phone is Total Junk. This phone was probably great in 2007 but smart phone technology has made leaps and bounds since then.Web browsing is so painfully slow that it is virtually unusable, even when connected to WiFi.  The Nokia apps are a joke, nothing worth downloading. No Pandora, no Angry Birds, all of the apps that you can get with pretty much any other smart phone are NOT available through Nokia. The email application is also junk...extremely basic. I synced the phone to my Yahoo mail account and the only folder you can access is the "inbox". Phone will not give you access to sent or trash folders, which is so annoying. Total Junk! Unless you are buying as a replacement for an existing Nokia E 71 save your money and DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! You will thank me later.

when you try to turn it on, it did not work, will not charge the battery with the charger, I tried it with another battery and the phone turn it on, but still no charging the batrtery and has no menu to change the language to Spanish

Amazon: great counterparty to trade with.Cell phone: find it great, slim, good looking, easy to type, wifi is what i was missing with my prior cell phone and it turns to be great.Only thing missing: touchscreen.

I really like my Nokia E71! You can use a lot of applications, it's sturdy and looks just gorgeous. The only drawback is pretty short battery life, but it easily lasts for 2 days.

This is my first PDA phone and i am impressed by the functionality of this phone. There were many reviews that seamed to suggest that the QWERTY keyboard is cramped, however I did not feel that way while typing.The GPS functionality is awesome.. I am sure soon somebody will write an app for google maps, that will provide real time directions like other Navigation devices. I was also able to install skype on this phone, which is cool. Also, you need not even close the skype application. so if anyone wants to call you, they can call on skype, but you will be answering it on your phone... a very good feature for people with friends in other countries...The camera appears to be good, though i have not yet tried it much. The form factor of the phone is very similar to that of an iphone, but i certainly believe that this phone has a cool factor similar that of an iphone, with way better applications and functionality. I appreciate time and effort put in by other reviewers as it really helped me to decide whether to buy it or not.

This is the best phone Nokia has ever made.Another masterpiece I cherish every day.I think this is the best phone on the planet with high quality stainless steel body.Absolutely for high quality guys only.

Very very good mobil.Este equipo es una maravilla, es un celular muy completo , trae 3g, gps y wifi. No tiene que envidiarle en nada con el mejor de los blackberry. El precio es bastante accesible.Hay muchisimas aplicaciones en symbian.Yo tuve un htc touch y no hay nada mejor que escribir mensajes directamente con un teclado completo.Totalmente desbloqueado, nada mas poner el chip y listo. Me tomo el 3G sin configurar nada.Definitivamente nokia es nokia.

This phone is a workhorse 3G phone. As an unlocked phone, I use it with a prepaid simm card that I bought in Costa Rica when I am in Costa Rica. Where we live in Costa Rica, we need a 3G phone. 2G works in town but not at our house out in the mountains. When I am in the states, I take out the Simm card from Costa Rica and I put in my AT&T pay as you go simm card. It doesn't have all of the bells and whistles as the expensive phones available today and I don't use it for internet but it does have a camera and it does receive text messages (which I make very little use of). As a phone on the go, wherever I go, it works for me. My understanding is that this phone has been discontinued by Nokia for a number of years. So if you buy one of these, it is either used or it has been sitting around somewhere in storage for a number of years. The last two that I have gotten (my husband lost the first one, GRRR) seemed to have been unused in the original box and I have had no problems with either of them. If you are from the states or are going to use it in a country such as Costa Rica that uses the same frequencies as US AT&T phones (850), make sure you get the US version and not the global version. Otherwise you will not be able to use the 3G capabilities in the US, only the 2G capabilities. I have found this phone reliable and the least expensive unlocked 3G phone available. I think the E71-1 is the US version.

It is a good phone, however we need to update software now b/c it will power cycle.  It is really nice to have a Symbian phone, great camera and video and it is really easy to send video's (under 300 mb) to people.

Well, this is the best phone *I've* ever owned anyway.  It does it all, you can shoot video, still photos.. comes with great games and you can download more for free.  Lots of free applications of all sorts online.  I use it for email on the road, as well as keeping notes on the note application.  You can add a memory card to put MP3's or even movies on and play them on your phone.I previously had a Nokia E61 and loved it... until I dropped it in a bucket of motor oil and it went bye bye.  Then, in a mad panic, I went to my carrier and bought "the best phone you have now!".  They sold me a blackberry curve.. from the moment I bought it I thought it was crap.. totally locked down, hardly any free apps.. just a miserable experience.  I had to use that phone for nearly a year before I "accidentally" dropped that one in the toilet and had to buy a new one.Well, you better believe I went straight for the phone I had been dreaming of.. the E71.  I use it with Qik.com to shoot live videos straight from my phone to the web so I can be a mobile broadcaster.  I use it for my schedule, contacts.. and I sync everything to the web over the air for free with zyb.com.  Try that with a blackberry... you can do it but only if you pay money for a 3rd party program.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it doesn't make my breakfast in the morning.. also the 3.2 megapixel camera is awesome, but when other guys have nicer cameras, some as high as 8megapixels, you have to believe there's room for improvement.  The built in GPS kicks butt as well, but I had to download Google Maps to make it work right.  The included Nokia maps didn't seem to work right at first.  I got it to work later, but since google maps is free anyway, and Nokia Maps makes you pay after like 3 months of service I decided not to even get attached to it.But like I said, this thing is awesome and I highly recommend it to all my friends and family.

I've owned this phone for a few months now and I can definitely recommend this phone.Pros:- Performance (8/10): Very fast and stable system. Has never crashed, although the Opera Mobile app has crashed a few times.- Super fast on Wireless LAN.- Amazing battery life (Charge can easily last over 2 days with moderate talk + heavy browsing)- Looks (9/10) : Very stylish and 'expensive' looks. Unlike Blackberry's cheap plastic looks the metal covers really gives it a stylish and sturdy feel. It's thinner and lighter than most blackberries.- GPS (8/10): Very good GPS, works very well with Google Maps. The built in GPS application is handy for calculating trip distance/current speeds etc. Very handy indeed. Nokia Maps are not very easy to use though.- Camera (8/10): Good cellphone camera with easy controls. Decent flash for night photography. The lens could be a little bigger.- Apps : Easy to load Google, Youtube etc. But not many frivolous apps on Ovi store (which may be a good thing).- Easy to view/modify Windows Documents/Presentatations/sheets.- Saves lots of money on T-mobile Network (you pay $9.99/monthly for unlimited Internet). Will pay for itself in an year when compared to using a Blackberry phone.Cons:- Does not run on 3G in T-mobile Network.- Screen and Display- Why is the screen so tiny? Why? Nokia left out a big band the top and bottom which could have very well been excellent addition to the Display real-estate (which would be a huge benefit when browsing)- Screen resolution not sufficient (Nokia did not fix this even in E72! Not buying any future upgrades until Nokia upgrades the screen)- Buttons are a bit cramped.- No 3.5" headphone Jack (fixed in E72)- Messaging not adequate. No threaded SMS.- Ovi store lacks useful apps.- Interface could be easier. Sometimes difficult to find the controls for setting the apps/clocks/display.

I am so disappointed this phone did not work out.  I was highly impressed with the Nokia E71, except for one essential.  Due to a hearing problem, I keep my cell phone on vibrate 100% of the time.  I tried this one in my pocket, and in a good quality waist/belt case, and could never feel it even though I'd just called it myself from our land line, and knew full well that it was ringing.  Only when I held the phone in my hand directly could I feel it - vibration was exceptionally weak.Why so harsh if the rest of the phone is so good?  Because I can't conceive of a cell phone without a usable vibrate option.  Even if I had good hearing in both ears, there are times when only the vibrate option is appropriate (school, church, work meetings, etc.).  Without it, I consider there to be no reason to own it.  No vibrate option makes for a no-go for me.I ended up getting a Blackberry Curve, and really like it, but I'd still rather have the Nokia E71 after only a couple of days using it - just as long as it had a decent vibrator.There is one "be aware" item with this phone - apparently NONE of the major US carriers offers this phone as an option.  I don't know why, since T-Mobile does offer it in Europe.  But I was not deterred by that, and found out that at least T-Mobile tech suppport can still be quite useful even with this phone (I had a data-transfer issue right after I got it, and T-Mobile was able to get me through the issue quite satisfactorily.Bottom Line: except for the vibrator being very weak, this would otherwise have ended up with at least a 4-star rating, and very likely 5 stars.

Bought this for my dad and he's very happy with it.Surprised to see how different it is compared to my N82.Nothing left to be said that hasn't been said by everyone else.

Great little phone.I bought it because I wanted to access email/internet with WIFI  and not pay for the blackberry data plan. I have the minimum data plan (20 mg/month) and that is enough for my use outside of "free" hot spot zones (primarily home and  office..but if you  get this phone you will be amazed at the places that are available for WIFI use and not locked down  either intentionally or just through negligence) .Just to pass along I recently downloaded opera mini for this phone and you absolutely cannot believe the difference in browsing speeds regardless of WIFI or EDGE data source. It works perfectly and best of all its FREE.Also Google maps offers full GPS support  with trip planning,routes and map guidance for FREE as well (except for your paid network data stream of course)..Can't beat that !!

Just got this last week, i am happy with the overall build, design and quality, but as soon as i look at the features on this phone, i began to think why Android and iOs systems are taking over Symbian and others.. also, the camera has some weak megapixels, and not clear.. for $170.00, i think my uncle deserves a better phone. I personally own an iPhone4 and just love it, Nokia needs to develop some innovative technologies and move ahead in the camera megapixel game!

The Nokia E71 is the cell phone you want if you want everything in it. I was warned it would be a strong learning curve to learn how to use this thing. That is the truth! It has so many things it can do and some are multi-step.I go to coffee and chat sessions at 10 AM 5 days a week and several of us got this device and we have fun showing each other new things we find. Of course the device didn't work as a cell phone yet.Two of the group decided to use the cell phone as a real cell phone that makes telephone calls and such. I got a clue from the bottom of my device that has the at@t symbol at the bottom. I called them and they were very helpful! I bought a new SIM card that has my new phone number and a $25 card that gives me 250 minutes of calling. They have a $45 card that gives you unlimited time.At this time I have everything working and it is a good cell phone too. Loud ringing and such. I really like the pre-paid idea for a cell phone. It leaves everything up to me.

I like this phone. It has tons of features. Nokia tries to bundle as many features as possible to include in this model. You can read about in the the features and from other readers.Personally I feel 1) this phone is not easy to hold like blackberry. It is small but heavy and slippery. 2) I can not save settings in camera. 3) It's menu should have more intuitive and easier to use. Saying these I love this phone.

I've had this phone for a week now and it does everything I need it to do.Quick rundown:Display is fantastic. Sharp, strong colors, and easy to see, even in strong sunlight.Battery life is ridiculously long... Seriously this phone doesn't quit. I can do a whole day of heavy browsing, emailing, texting, and voice on this thing and the battery is still at 75%.  I plug it into the charger when I get home and within an hour its fully charged again.Great keypad.. perfect for typing out long emails without worrying about typos and the damn thing just feels right when you are typing.Strong, clear voice communication.  Very often overlooked in phones these days.Fits well in your hand.Powerful operating system.  If you are the kind of person who can figure out intuitively how different gadgets, computers, programs work.. then you'll love this phone and be an extremely satisfied power user within a few days.  If you are less gadgety, then this phone will be annoying for you to figure out, and you should get something more user friendly... like an iPhone or a Blackberry.That being said, the unlocked nature of this phone is a big plus.  There are tons of free apps for Symbian on the net that you can easily install, along with lots of free themes, ringtones, etc.Now about style:These days, phones are alot like watches, shoes, etc... Your phone can say alot about you to someone else. Right or wrong, people can stereotype others based on their phones:iPhones are associated with fun, trendy, and $$ people, and more recently with fad based conspicuous consumption.Blackberry's are associated with boring corporate types.Rubberized clamshells are associated with construction workers...This phone isn't well known enough to say anything other than "classy" thanks to the understated, but elegant look.  The qwerty pad implies that you've got a real job, but the styling indicates you have a fun side too.  Its a great looking phone and you can expect to get random compliments and questions about it from people when they see it.

Tras comprar este equipo, le pusimos un chip Movistar Venezuela e inmediatamente agarr&oacute; los men&uacute;es en castellano. Sin problema con el wi-fi, carga un poco lento la conexi&oacute;n con los sat&eacute;lites gps con vista al cielo; una vez los conecta, funciona bajo el techo del veh&iacute;culo. Existe mucho software gratis disponible (Ebuddy, Google Maps, Garmin, YouTube, etc). Falta configurar la conexi&oacute;n wap con un equipo similar de una amiga para que funcione este servicio. Cuando lo haga, actualizar&eacute; el comentario para relatar el &eacute;xito o fracaso de esta conexi&oacute;n.

This phone has lots of fan reviews posted here now, so I won't add to the noise, except to point out how well this phone works as a shareable wireless hotspot.  (You will need an unlimited data plan.)  Just install Joikuspot, create a Joikuspot account, and you're off. You can put this little phone back to back (held together with a rubber band) with an iPod Touch, and have much of the functionality of an iPhone, but without throwing AT&T; a dime.Icing on the cake:  Skype, Google Voice, and Gizmo5 all run perfectly on my E71.

nice item to buy. Cheap, versatile, good to check your mail and your social networks (use app Gravity). Some issue with the camera but just when there are no good light conditions.

Takes a little getting used to. Switched my unlocked T-mobile TREO-680 for this phone. Screen is smaller as are the icons. Purchased the phone directly from Nokia.com for $[...].  Nokia has on-line coupon fro $50 off $150 purchase.  Paid $[...] + $[...] shipping from Nokia.  Recommend purchase with SD micro memory chip sold by amazon.  Also, recommend OTTERBOX case sold from amazon to protect phone

The nokia E71 is a remarkable phone. i recently purchased this phone, and i am well pleased. the design of the phone is great. its small, thin, yet, not flimsy. its metal body is a very smart and unique design. it gives the phone this feel that you have something valuable in your hands. that's the best way to describe it.the pros to the devicethe phone does everything i can imagine a business user, or anyone who has lots of meetings, could need. your documents will open fine, i.e. pdf, excel, word, p.point. you can also install some nice games and software on this and it runs the games well.this phone is feature LADEN.you will take a while to go through it all.the phone is very fast. i barely feel a lag, unless i am running some programs (google maps, msn messenger, google messenger, etc) in the background and even so, we are talking about 1.5second delay. barely noticeable.the concern i heard about the keyboard is true. man, its crammed, BUT, i noticed that even though my fingers are big, i have little problems and typos using this device. in other words, the keyboard is fine. once you get used to your keys... you'll be fine. i dont know how nokia does it but.. they know how to make the keys work for anyone.the features are all great. wi/fi works jus as though you are on your pc... the browser is SWEET and the zoom feature doesnt make it too hard for you to read the stuff on the sites. youtube works without a prob.battery life.battery life is pleasant. its very hard to drain this phone if you are only gonna talk on it. however, if you are gonna be using wifi, bluetooth and listening music all day... you will run your batteries down and have to charger every two days, vs three days. not bad in my book. i tested this phone on a full day basis and... at the end of each day, there is enough power to carry into the next day. running the batters by playing music kinda leaves me half way at the end of the day.Conscamera is really a pain. seriously!why does nokia do this to us? why must they always hold back on features that can make their phones THE BEST period?let me explain... its a 3.2mega pixel cam.. but its a "daytime" camera. meaning... the pics are best when in the blazing sun, with no clouds... if pics are taken in that type of light - you will be pleased. however, anything less will be grainy (noisy) sometimes. you cant take pics in the dark or shadow areas and expect good camera quality. forget it. the flash is not like on the N82. its nothing like a digital camera's flash. its really only for close pics... and even then.. you have to have good to excellent lighting to get pleasing results. please dont try and take professional pictures with this.The headsetThe headset nokia gives with this phone is... well, crap. its light in sound. no bass for music no matter how you adjust equalizers. (well, its so low is nonexistent) and i didnt really like the design. i dont see how i am supposed to walk with it on the road when on cord for the right ear is so long... its annoying to have it dangling plus it gets caught in stuff and tugs and one day, if you're not careful, it will burst.2.5mm headphone jack.disappointing to me. i wont deny it. 3.5mm is greatly preferred, however. contrary to what many think... with the right headphones, this phone is an excellent mp3 player. so, dont despair. jus get a nokia headset that is designed for music and you are good to go.overall, i gave this 5 stars because... the camera doesnt bother me. hardly use it, and when i do its to take pics of people to add to my address book. those are great.when i walk with this phone, its a pleasure to take it out and watch people bending over backwards to see it. :) nokia is the best there is even if they refuse to max out their phones in top class features.

i want to give this phone 5 star, but i just can't. i've had this for about 6 months on metro detroit at&t; 3g network. it's got a lot of cool features that i use a lot: GPS and Wi-Fi. Which is great for searching the net on the go and knowing where you're at. I like having the MicroSD slot. Features I haven't used as much lately were the music player and internet radio. It's compact, does what I need it to do, convenient, and on and on... but there are some flaws I've come across unfortunately:- music player is choppy when playing an hour long dj mix. the song plays fine on the computer, mp3 cd, ipod, but not this phone. i downloaded a different music player, so we'll see if that works- internet radio seems to just shut off the phone. i haven't used this in a while, so maybe updates to the program have fixed itSignal Strength Problems- this phone drops 3G calls constantly. i've tried other phones on the 3G network in my house, near my house, and in the general metro detroit area without any problems.- i sent this phone in for warranty because the vibrate mechanism stopped working and the reception problems were getting bad. I got the phone back in like 4 days which was awesome, but second call i made, dropped call. All while showing FULL 3G signal strength. I did some research online and seems like a lot of people are having 3G signal problems with this model phone. I think it's because of the metal frame and the compact size.  This is a hassle because if I want a garaunteed non-dropped call, i need to change it to GSM only. and to use internet , i need to change it to 3G, then go back and change it to GSM.OverallIt's unfortunate that some $50 phones have better reception than this, but I still like this phone a lot. It has a lot of great features, sleek design, lots of potential, and a great company backing it. I would buy another Nokia, but I don't know about this model.  I hope other people that buy this have better call connections than i do!

This is the best lookiing PDA cell in the market, infact i will rate it higher than blackberry storm on appearance. The body is sleek and beautiful. The qwerty keybord is handy and the internet browser is great and you will get used to it in no time.But my cell phone froze a couple of times when i tried to access the GPS, and I had to restart the cell to get it back to life.

Using this on AT&T; 3G network, thorughout southern New England, metro NYC and metro Philly.  Excellent phone reception...I've never had so few dropped calls.  My Treo 750 wasn't bad on dropped calls, but the E71 drops almost no calls...even with the lousy cell coverage at my house.  Love the thin profile of the phone, too.  The pouch that came with the phoen is great, too.  Slips easily into a pant pocket and keeps it looking great.  I'm using the phone to pick-up my corporate e-mail (Exchange Server)...this has been great, e-mails are pushed and I often see them on my phone faster than on the computer at the office!  I'm also now easily able to pick-up my personal e-mail with Yahoo and Comcast.  Much easier (and faster) than what I saw on those accounts on my Treo.  Unlike some posters, I've been pretty happy with the web browser.  Also the camera is pretty good.  I snapped a few photos at a recent Bruins game, and they looked good.My only real complaint is my Bluetooth earpiece constantly disconnects and re-connects on a regular basis after it's been connected for about 2 hours...this has happened with two different ear pieces.  It's very annoying and doesn't allow the bluetooth to "sleep", so I think it is also killing the bluetooth battery faster than usual.  Looks to be a bug that Nokia needs to fix!

I just begun to use all this phone can do.I can see why people can get hooked on a smart phone and this phone is so well built.So far I have; Internet, music files, email, appointment scheduler, good quality call tone with T-Mobil (No Contract)@ $55 a month, thats 500 minutes and unlimited data. GPS& Maps, video, games, wifi and more.I was able to sync my albums with windows media player, installing them into my music files, now I have the Grateful Dead playing Lost Sailor for my ring tone.Totally satisfied here.

im 19 yr old male from texas.Got this phone for Christmas for 400$.If you are thinking about this phone but cant decide, over others, consider this. i previously owned the original iphone. great phone, nonetheless, but decided to sell it and go for a nokia. Most people dont realize it, but this nokia really can do just about anything (and more) than that iphone your thinking about. (save the apps on the iphone) But i truly am more happy now with my Nokia. its such a solid, substantial piece of technology, in every way i can think of, nokia made this thing of quality materials. not fragile at all.So what about the monthly internet (data plan) ?Well, with the iphone get ready to pay 30$ a month for data alone! that is a rough estimate of  720$ over a span of a two year contract with at&t.;Why not get this Nokia, sign up for at&t;'s "smartphone data plan" (also known as MEdia net thing) i pay literally 15$ a month flat rate for unlimited data. it takes no genius to realize thats about 360$ savings over 24 months. (that number covers the actual cost of the phone it self!)Do not be swayed away either by the e71's business appeal. I am a college kid and very into electronics, and i can honestly say this phone has everything a person would need (business/just for fun/practical uses) and seriously has technology a year ahead of its time. in otherwords, i could see myself using this phone in two years and still be more than pleased with it.Buy also a micro SD card. i bought an 8gb card on here for around 20$ these plug into the phone and allow you to save your media on the phone. i.e. music, videos, pictures ect. this gives me a wonderful media device thats easily comparable to any ipod.one setback on the phone is the 2.5mm headphone jack. Standard is 3.5mm so your favorite headphones wont plug into the phone without an adaptor. i bought one on dealextreme.com for literally 1.26$ (no tax, and no shipping) the adaptor is a 2.5mm male to 3.5mm female adaptor, and works wonderful.Nokia did things right with this device.the iphone strays away from the fundamentals of what a cell phone is really about: making/ recieving calls. Nokia sticks to simplicity and makes using the phone for calls/texts VERY straightforward and easy.you wont be dissapointed, and at this price its really a deal that can save you a good chunk of change in the future.

This is a great smart phone.  It has the usual features of other smart phones (connection to the internet, voice over internet, dictionary, barcode reader, to name a few), but with one additional feature: free GPS (and I do mean free).  Nokia provides free maps of the entire world and voice guidance in over 100 languages and it is all free.  Once the maps are loaded on the phone (this can also be done free) there are no usage charges, no need to connect to a service, etc.  The phone came unlocked so I just slipped in my SIM card (some phone services like Sprint will not work) and off I went.  The phone interfaces seamlessly with both the MAC (see limitation below) and a Windows based PC.  The keyboard is easy to use.  I have used the built-in, trimmed down version of Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, and Powerpoint) and the Adobe Reader and they all work well.  The phone has the capability to interface to a bluetooth keyboard and printer as well as other bluetooth devices, but I haven't had a chance to try those yet.  There are many more features that I don't use, but they are there if I need them.The only reason this phone doesn't get 5 stars is because of Nokia's support.  When I received the phone it did not have the latest firmware installed or the latest map guidance system.  Nokia support was no help at all and after three solid days of trying to get help to fix my problem I came close to returning the phone.  Here is what happened.  I was unable to get the critical piece of Nokia software that would allow me to update the firmware to work on the MAC.  All their other MAC software that syncs data (calendar, contact list, iTunes, bookmarks, photos, videos, etc.) worked great, but not this one.  Next after trying unsuccessfully to use this critical piece of software on two versions of Windows (XP and VISTA) I was finally able to load the Nokia software on a Windows 7 operating system that allowed me to update my phone to the current version.  Using this computer I then downloaded the maps of the US but I will still need to use the PC software if I want to download maps of more countries.If you buy this phone you should also purchase a high speed 8gb microSD card with adaptor.  Otherwise you won't be able to store anything.Now that everything is woking well (no thanks to Nokia support) I am very happy with this phone and all its features - Nokia does have good technology.  This is my first GPS system and I have already been on a trip and it is fantastic.  It not only guided me flawlessly to my destination but showed me the local restaurants, shops, gas stations - you name it.  It also guided me on a hike in a very large arboretum and it even knew the names of the trails I was on.

very good phone. lots of apps that suit my needs. however, battery life is not enough for one day's workload and end up needing to recharge which means loss of time. Also, due to the phone's thickness, you can feel the battery heat on the phone's back face.

ME PARECE QUE EL CELULAR ES EXCELENTE, DE FACIL MANEJO, BUENAS FUNCIONES, PRACTICO, FUNCIONA MUY BIEN CON LINEA DIGITEL EN VENEZUELA

A problemless, low time intensive introduction to the smartphone world, with a phone that is the functional equivalent to the I phone 3. at the right price point. I can finally take my time learning to use a new type of mini-computer while being able to use my phone in traditional ways, like using a keypad (an essential for woman who want to keep their hard earned manicures and nail tips). Texting, a task I formerly eschewed in the past, is a breeze and I am finally enjoying that lost art of letter writing using that convenient tool.

I've been using this phone for a month now, and being my first smart phone I don't have much experience however this phone is quiet amazing. Without going into to much detail, my girlfriend has an I-Phone and the E71 is a lot older, but much quicker. Without a doubt the E71 is extremely impressive. I can do advanced things such as encrypting my phone with a custom key or defining personalized server profiles. Also, I can do basic things like checking my email or communicating via video calls. Overall, great phone.

I moved to a smart phone (Nexus One - Android Device) in early 2010.  It was great I had internet via Wifi calendar, email via Google, oh and a bunch of useless apps.  It was very expensive to buy without a plan, but I liked the openness of it, no contract, any sim card from any country, etc... Then it broke!  I couldn't see making another $500+ investment for another phone if it was only going to last me MAYBE 2 years tops.  So I did some searching and I had looked at the E71 even before I bought the Nexus One and this time it seemed to meet all my requirements.  Read the reviews found it could import my gmail and google calendar and that was all I really needed over and above the phone functionality.  Which I quickly discovered using the Nexus One.  So I ordered the E71 from Amazon Used->Like New.  When it arrived it was a brand new phone!  I put my card in and got going adding the googasync app to get my calendar and setup my gmail account and even imported all my google contacts via google.  In no time I started to realize this phone was intuitively way more powerful and organized than my Android device!  It had a nice list of my next calendar appointments right on the home screen, would show a list of 5 newest emails when hovering over the gmail item, all my music files on my SD card were found by the music player, it could multitask, on and on.  This was all icing on the cake, cause when I start receiving calls I realized the call logs and "ignore call" options were just awesome!  I couldn't believe it when I ignored a call and was immediately prompted a template text message that I could send to the caller with one button saying basically Can't answer right now, will call back.  I mean what control I felt, with such a simple process, I felt I finally was the master of my powerful smart phone and not the other way around!  Recommend reading the manual to learn the shortcut keys, they can make the phone fly through any process.  Also, keyboard feels great typing out anything.  Only downside is the smaller headphone jack, I had an adapter though, but now I use a Bluetooth stereo headset and get music and phone calls!

I'm a man who only requires 3 things out of my electronics: Battery life, size, and usability.It's why I paid extra for my laptop to have 7 hours of battery life instead of the average 3. It's why I like the Nintendo DS over the PSP. It's why I bought the Blackjack II. All three examples are products that have a great battery life, perfect idea size, and superb usability for my purposes.My Blackjack II has been through the wire and just doesn't look attractive anymore. Back cover falling off, screen brutalized, etc.I purchased this phone, the HTC Diamond, and the Palm Treo to see which one could replace it.Of the three, this phone is simply the easiest to use. The Symbian operating system is horribly easy and I promise my grandma could master it in a week. Applications run fluidly and efficiently. For the first time ever, Gmail and Opera Mini run smoothly without any problems for me.Battery life: Blows the other two away. I shot off many texts, browsed the web, tried the music player, and did some office work and only dropped ONE bar! THIS PHONE HAS AN ESTIMATED 10 HOURS OF TALK TIME. Think about that for a second...Size: It's thinner than my BJII. A plus is the phone itself. On the back is a metallic finish which is great for people like me who might get sweaty hands. It is a fingerprint magnet (I have the white version) but one wipe of the thumb ends that.I didn't go into huge details about this phone because it seems everyone else has. My only complaint is the 2.5MM port for the headphones. I wish it was a regular 3.5, but, go to radioshack and you can easily fix that. Plus, I wish the included usb cable actually CHARGED the phone. Other than that, it's perfect for the quasi-businessman such as myself who needs a business phone - not a toy.

This phone is by now outdated naturally but it's still not such a bad phone. The main reason I needed it was to connect to wireless networks on the go that this phone for some permanent and unsolved flaw doesn't do nor recognize by 60% at least of the available networks and all you get is No Gateway Reply that pertains to each one of E71s unless you have a plan but as far as wireless connection when needing it mostly it certainly fails to deliver the service needed or in other words it just malfunctions. The screen is not so big likewise and the keyboard is hard to operateon due to it being small and crammed up making it difficult to implement operations fast. GPS is good but it takes around 15 minutes at least for it to start reading the satellite. The reception of the voice is excellent as well as the battery life and if you need it only as a phone for talk only than you can go ahead and buy it but if you need something really reliable in a real sense of these current phones nowadays than this one is simply not the one to go ahead and Make Your Day! Z

This was my first smart phone ever. I wanted something with WiFi because I'm not planning on getting a data plan, but I like to browse the web sometimes around WiFi hot spots. I also wanted GPS, and offline maps are a huge plus given I want to avoid data plans. Writing emails and messaging in general were not a priority, but I wouldn't mind some nifty features there and would use them occasionally. The same goes for the office productivity suite, although I wanted a really good calender.Now here's what I got:- The small screen made the internet browsing experience, as well as the GPS experience suboptimal. That's not to say connectivity or the software were not good enough, it's just that using a simulated mouse pointer and a small screen was not enjoyable.- The provided calender was fine, but I really expected something more solid and intuitive, and with better features.- The QWERTY keyboard made typing things much quicker and I was pretty happy with that.So my final verdict is that unless you intend on using this phone strictly for email and business (business is a bit vague, what if it's the music business or a business that requires a lot of driving or web browsing ;) ), go get a touchscreen smart phone and enjoy the big screen (double the size approx.) and the much better web browsing and GPS experiences, without the need for that annoying simulated mouse pointer. Navigating the phone and using the interface is handled better on a touchscreen. If I were to buy again, I would definitely go for the 5800. It's not only cheaper, but that's where most of the apps are going to. That's my advice.

I've been really aggrevated with a variety of recent phones because I could not hear or be heard clearly on them.  This phone has excellent voice clarity, and seems to find a strong signal where ever I go.  The interface took a little getting used to, but now I navigate around on it without problem.  I'm 51, and I like how I can use it without needing my reading glasses.  The camera takes decent (not great) shots, but is very easy to use.  I did need to call AT&T and have data blocked on the phone, because I don't subscribe to a data service plan and AT&T loves when you use it anyway to charge a small fortune per KB.  The phone works great on wi-fi, and synchs easily to my Outlook 2010 calender and task list.  The GPS takes awhile to find satellites, but then works very well with spoken turn-by-turn directions that equal my Garmin.  The keyboard is small, but my thumbnails always seem to end up hitting the right key.  Overall I'm very pleased.  I wish I had taken this path much sooner than I did.

This is a really slick and fantastic well designed smart-phone for the person that do want a Qwerty keyboard on a very compact phone.It has a really rich and nice feeling to it and if you download the latest "Fring" and "skype" free software to it like I did you have an almost free phone to the whole world via the internet. Fantastic deal!

Revision: It broke but was replaced at no charge by Nokia. Took a week to replace.Overall a great phone, nice and solid feel and good screen.GPS software is not useful unless you want to pay [...] bucks, but Google does the trick if you have data signal.Email client is a bit crappy, try nokia mail which may not always be free.Upgrade your firmware, Europe has better firmware, you have to trick phone into thinking it's from Europe by changing a code in it. Version 200 something it comes with 107 or 100.

I really like this Nokia E71 phone.  The camera is GREAT and all applications work very well.  I recommend a Nokia anytime!

It does as designed very well. It's taken a bit to get use to after using Motorola products.I like the very clear communitaion audio, and the great sensitivity it has.It's very lightweight, and thin in size.Long battery lifeYes, I would purchase again.Yes, I would recomend it.

Nokia make great phones and this is one of them. The features are top notch and better then most phones have these days. There are some features you don't need like the infrared port but you will never know, you will need them. The E71 is lightweight and not a fan of S60 OS but in time will get use to the phone. The call quality is excellent. People keep telling me, if I was on a land-line. The keyboard is nice, made some error, but hey, first time use can be rough. Only wish is for this phone to be an touch screen so would become an iphone killer.

Build quality is fantastic.  It feels as solid as a brick, but not heavy.  Phone voice quality is as good as a corded phone.  Battery life is excellent.  If only the screen could be a tad bigger.  It's by far the best mobile phone I have owned.

I have had my E71 for about 6 months now and have nothing but praise for it. I upgraded from E62, so initial difference was huge. But once I got to use more features over the months, I realize this is no ordinary phone.What I like:1. Awesome build quality, no moving parts, no squeaky sound, top quality materials2. Probably the best form factor smart phone in the world. Not too narrow so it will slip from hand, not too wide to bulge out from pockets, easily fits regular sized palm. Easy to type messages, emails with one hand3. If there was a fashion show for smart phones, E71 would win it hands down. I got steel and gray and it looks serious business and smart stylist at the same time.4. Battery, battery, battery. It lasts me 3 days on one charge with good about of browsing, phone calls, skype and push email (sync-ed hourly)5. Call quality is top notch, as expected from a high end Nokia product, with excellent clarity.6. Very good speaker, for use as Speakerphone or playing music or read messages automatically.7. Beautiful, crisp screen. I miss the big screen on my earlier E62 and I think it was the best small screen ever for watching movies, videos etc. E71 has the same screen quality but only slightly smaller due to phone size8. Processor and Symbian S60 3rd Edition work great together and menu navigation, apps run fast on E719. Nokia calendar and Message notification on home screen keeps my life totally in control. After I got this phone, my laptop sits closed for weeks. This phone will let you "work from phone"10. Documents processing - I edit Word and Excel docs on this phone, also read documents in pdf. No problem whatsoever.11. Add on apps for Symbian enables me to be constantly be in touch with family, friends and the world. I installed France24 for live news, Google Mobile for searching, maps. I installed Fring to use Skype, Google talk Twitter all on one interface. I use MobiReader for reading ebooks12. Nokia's free email (Nokia Messaging) client has a crisp, beautiful interface. I like it even better than Gmail for mobile. Sync is customizable (frequency, how much email etc)13. FM radio is excellent, although not many probably use it. I catch my channels when workload is light.What I don't like:1. E71 comes with basic cheap earphones, you might need to upgrade to something better, preferably with Bluetooth wireless2. Camera is not great, but I don't use it much3. Nokia's Ovi store does not have much content. There are not many professional looking themes. But you could downloaded nice themes from S60 app sitesOverall, I don't think there are many smart phones (or even phones) out there that stack up to E71. Go and get it. If you can, buy the unlocked E71 and not E71x from AT&T; that is loaded with slow bloatware.

This phone came with the applications and details that would support the life of a professional/businessman on the go. If you are looking for your typical cheesy MP3-boombox-10 megapixel camera-SMS/MMS messenger mobile phone for your teenage kid then this is not it. This mobile phone however is ideally built to suit the lifestyle of a working individual and to support the lifestyle of the individual on the go and has most of its applications and features to compliment that lifestyle every meeting/schedule.Mind you it isn't a typical RIM-BB replacement but it sure does pack the punch to make it the next best thing to it which is what probably Nokia was aiming to achieve during its design and concept stage. From the touch and feel it is a very lightweight phone with a full featured keyboard for e-mail correspondences (texting is allowed too) and a touch sensitive scroll button which moves you across its various menus and apps. It is comes with a fair amount of onboard memory but this can be upgraded to suit your taste just in case you may be carrying some extra baggage.All in all a great buy for the busy lifestyle and professional out there.

I'll keep this short as there are hundreds of existing reviews of the Nokia E71. I needed a sleek upgrade to my Nokia 6682 and decided against the AT&T; Wireless-branded (read: neutered) Nokia E71x. The unlocked Nokia E71 provides everything I need and want from a phone while still retaining its identity very stylishly as a PHONE. Given that I've only ever owned Nokia phones, and they have all proven their longevity (had the 8260 for > 4 years and the 6682 for > 3 years), I trust that I will enjoy many, many years of usage out of my Nokia E71.Plus, this is the thinnest smartphone I've ever seen!

It's a Nokia.... Perfect, easy to use, amazing sound quality, battery holds "forever".... Unfortunately it runs S60 software, and there is no much applications to use... but the phone itself is amazing.

This review is written after 2 months usage:I can summarize my e71 experience in four words: small and infinitely versatile.My smartphone criteria included: an unlocked, small, useful smartphone with reliable connection capabilities, good voice quality and a useable QWERTY keyboard.  Other criteria included quad-band GSM and Wi-Fi.  The e71 fills the bill admirably.Using the AT&T; network I'm able to connect in places I could not connect before and the voice quality is superior to my wife's Blackberry. In two months I remember only one dropped call and that occurred as the signal was passed from one tower to another (in a weak signal area).  The keyboard is very funcitional even for my male hands and short fingernails.The screen is smallish but that comes with selecting a smaller, pocketable phone.  The build quality is outstanding and in my opinion it is (still) the best looking phone on the market.  Despite the small dimensions and thin profile, it feels substantial in the hand but rides comfortably in my pocket. (I tried a couple different style belt holders but found it challenging to get the smooth surfaced phone out of the pouch quickly so  I reverted to using the Nokia supplied pouch and keep it in my pocket).The Symbian OS is very functional and the e71 arrives loaded with most everything you need to get started.  There are more programs on the Nokia web site and there are lots of other sites that specialize in Symbian programs.  If you want to change the Nokia theme or need additional software there is plenty available both for free and for purchase.  I am still looking for an acceptable Symbian tweaked web browser but otherwise I've found everthing else I need.A high pixel count camera on a cell phone is not an important feature for me.  I find the 3.2 megapixel camera on the e-71 more than adequate for casual use and easy to use.  Included camera software is a plus.One my favorite features of the e71 Symbian OS is the ability to segregate my business and personal life with different home pages and themes.Wi-Fi is a definite asset.  It is great having the option of using the AT&T; network or Wi-Fi.If your smartphone criteria is similar to mine you will find the e71 a real winner.

I have this phone now for about three weeks and I must say it exceeded my expectations on all levels.Compared with the BB Bold which I had for two weeks and returned,it is a much better value for the money.You can add Google maps,Yahoo,etc and many more applicaions.The only issue right now is the battery which is not lasting as long as I expected (at best 2 days).I hope it is a defective piece and that either Amazon or Nokia will rectify and that is why I gave it only 4 stars.I  would highly recommend this phone.Very slim so it can fit on the front pocket with no problems.

I tested for Nokia and loved their phones ... even tested their voice dial in 2005.I have had this 3 days, have NOT read the manual, but browsed it to find missing featuresThis beautiful phone needs 3-4 hours with the manual - then  I will rewrite this review.I OFFER this to you and TO NOKIA as an "OUT OF BOX USER EXPERIENCE".When Nokia decided to save 1 day of developer/QA time they multiplied their CUSTOMER SUPPORT costs 1000 fold, and risk WAVES of customers migrating to iPhone, HTC, Android and even Motorola...I chose this unit because it was rated 4 1/2 stars and had a 2 year model run ... certainly ALL THE BUGS HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED AND WORKED OUT??PLUS:Read all the other reviews, the "plusses" are undeniable*AND* it's INACCURATE to call it "GRAY" ...it is silver/steel/iridescent ... solid, BEAUTIFUL !MINUS - right out of the BOX deal breakers!A. VOICE DIAL - FAILS AND RESETS / CRASHES PHONE ... I never read this in any review.SOLUTION: Many have reported this in Nokia's forum.The fix?  NOT a software update!But Nokia's analyst Huddle offers this MOST EMBARRASSING fix.1. "Change language to Philipino (only Auto, English, Spanish and French on my phone, I chose Spanish)2. Phone announces will restart and does3. "Change back to your language" (I chose English not Automatic)... restart again4. IT NO LONGER CRASHES, .... it has 30-40% accuracy and does NOT confirm which number of contact it will call.  My much maligned Motorola models from E815 to Z9 had absolutely natural and accurate voice dial. The Nokia E71 has a robotic voice that starts dialing before you can find the STOP button in a panic.B. GPS - menu navigation is cumbersome, it bumps you from level 3 back up to level 1, and says SEVEN DAY TRIAL ... although this was NOT what I read here in Amazon before I bought it.C. Text Message In box not found ... I'll spend a day with the Manual and update this review3.9 STARS *if and only if* you commute by train and DO NOT DRIVE NOR NEED VOICE DIAL.The handy keyboard SACRIFICES dialing safety for EASE OF MESSAGING ... very critical for SAFETY1 1/2 stars or less if Nokia thinks SO POORLY of their customers to offer a CRASHING PHONE for the MOST BASIC function  ... offer such an embarrassing fix ... What good is GPS, Barcode Reader (yes! 2D not the 1D simple stuff you see on retail labels), Wireless Keyboard interface, if it will not make a handsfree phone call in traffic when the technology has had 5+ years to be refined?  Motorola and Nokia ought to swap engineers and MAKE THEM USE THEIR OWN PHONES before selling it.  I'm mad because this phone has the beauty of a top-of-the-line-Audi or BMW, yet but leaves customers trying to look cool in the parking lot making vroom vroom noises when the key breaks in the ignition.

One of the best smartphone's out in the market. Very impressed with the battery life and tons of nice features.

I bought it in view of my international travel and to have an experience of 3G phone.But it did not work in India!I am totally disappointed! I may never attempt to buy phones online, especially NOKIA!Though it is mentioned as Nokia E71, it has another number besides written in small fine print!Though I took it to the Nokia service center for reformating and they charged Rs 310, it was useless. Looks like they took the money and did nothing!!I lost my opinion about the Nokia Customer care as well!I wonder why they call it unlocked, when it is locked to North America!

The worst Phone ever i bought 5 of them and all Freeze what a Great way to spend money, no wonder in some places it costs around $200 original.

This is a good phone, but not a real good smart phone. It has wi-fi, easily shifts between email accounts,can send group texts; it does a lot of things real well. The challenge I had was the size. The phone fits nicely in your pocket, but I had to get a rubber case to feel comfortable typing on it without worrying about dropping the phone ( I didn't). The intuitive text is very nice, and the keys feel good and secure, just a little bit bigger would have been great. This being a Nokia phone, the battery life was great, and best of all you get FREE customer service from Nokia.

Amazon's website describes the device: "Micro-USB connector supports charging..."The above statement is not true. This is significant because it sounded like any generic USB to micro USB cable can be used to charge the phone. The E71 CAN'T BE CHARGED THROUGH THE MICRO USB PORT!!! You must purchase the Nokia CA-100 cable which connects a computer USB port to the phone's 2mm charging jack. The supplied CA-101 cable is for data only and will not charge your phone. All power charging must go through the 2mm jack. The micro USB port on this phone does not support charging (in contrast, most blackberry devices can do that with a generic usb cable).

This phone is powerfull and very easy to use and configure it. But have a deffect: no spanish language is support.

it has all the features blackberry's and the iphone 3g have. however, the e71 is much smaller than both (just put the e71 side to side with the blackberry curve and the iphone and they both look like monsters compared to the e71).- very fast 3G capability- excellent size, feel, and look,- speedy processor with no lag in navigation- improved OS and great computer connection software (nokia pc suite)- long battery life- 3MP camera with flash- comes with carrying case, carrying strap, stereo earphones, and data cable

This phone is a viable alternative to BlackBerry or iPhone.  Keyboard is a little cramped, and not layed out like a BB QWERTY (the M is in the wrong place).  Battery life while on a 3g network is not great, may not even last a day with heavy data/voice usage.  Camera is excellent, as is video camera.  Operating system is very stable, with very few crashes, and voice and signal quality is very good.  WiFi works well and is easy to set-up networks with the built-in scanner.  Quick Office program works very well with Office docs and PDF's.  Excellent browser and good processor speed.I'm still partial to BlackBerry overall, but this is a solid device.

I Love this phone!! When I first got it I was having some minor difficulties trying to get my email together, I was also doing it without reading any manuals.Note To T-Mobile Users: Call them!! They are happy to help you set your phone up and change your service so the phone will work correctly. I called them up and they send a few things to the phone and it set my connection up with no issues. I'm coming from using the Sidekick so they switched me over to the Smartphone plan.With this phone you need Unlimited net access.I'm a serious texting manic so I really needed it.One bad thing that I cans say about this phone is the lack of The Yahoo Messenger, there are third party apps that have it on there but I prefer the original.Other than that the phone is great. I owned the BBerry Curve and prefer this over it. I even use my wireless net at home with it.

I use for business one blackberry and before that I had used since 1997 Nokia. As I dislike the hype about iPhones and I wanted a keyboard I went for the Nokia e71.On first look it is a convincing product. On second look unfortunately not. A few key shortcomings:- camera quality is mediocre, seems to have no autofocus and very poor flashlight quality- keyboard inferior to Blackberry- SMS cannot be forwarded as emails or to email accounts- Chinese language input extremely clumsy. No real predictive writing possible for multicharacter words, which is pretty much the norm for typing in Chinese on phone and computers. That this feature is not available was confirmed to me by Nokia customer service, as I could not believe that a 'smart'phone aimed also at the Chinese market would not support such an essential feature.- In Chinese the input is only character by character, e.g. 1st character, press return, 2nd character, return..... Imagine having to press return after every single letter in an SMS- GPS - I needed to install google maps, the Nokia preinstalled version simply does not work- everything seems to go via a cascade of menues and the menues on the homescreen are very limited.- some entries can be confirmed with the ok button, some with the return button and some with the central large button. The attribution when which button confirms is random- There is no simple key to lock the phone, one simply has to wait until it locks by itself- when returning an SMS the original SMS is not part of the returned message ('threaded' I think is the correct term).- tried to install lotus notes for traveller. The phone, at some step, insists to connect some WLAN which it had found. As this WLAN is password protected, I cannot. The phone does then not allow me to continue to GPRS and continue the setup.- after taking a picture the camera screen freezes and asks for 'Options' rather than letting me simply take the next picture. If I press the release button a second time, I am simply lead to even weirder menues- Nokia people simply LOVE menues, submenues, submenues thereof etc. etc.- when running out of power the phone always experiences a major crash and needs a significant reloading to revive - just to connect it to the charger does not do the job, one has to wait for >30min before being able to use the phone again, even if it is connected to the charger.- the phone simply loves to ask me if it should use GPRS for internet connection, even if their is no WLAN or else around.- cannot charge via USB, I found this out the hard way during a business trip.- vibrating is VERY soft, basically imperceptible- no simple, fast way to switch between vibrating and non-vibrating mode (when stepping in and out of meetings you want to be able to switch in a fast way)- email client does not have a search function- every use, even the most simple one, requires tedious downloads and installations (yahoo mail, hotmail, ovi maps......). I am glad I did not have to download an app for phoning..... And as the OVI store has decided that I am Chinese (due to me living in China) I am automatically directed to its Chinese homepage, with no way to opt for English or access their English homepage.- even though I have registered as a Nokia user, for each help request I again have to give my complete home adress, phone no. etc.- the phone deleted today by itself all preinstalled applications, giving me only the warning that these programs, which were installed by Nokia, pose a security threat- after taking a photo I cannot take another one immediately. First I have to press the 'back' button and then I can make another photo again.I am sure that if I wanted to go through the internet FAQs related to the e71 I would find lot of helpful advice on how to deal with the above problems. Probably some of the above only are because I do not understand all the options correctly. For some issues I probably need to download a few apps.BUT - the point is, for doing all of the above on my BB I did not need to visit any internet sites, I did not need to download anything, I did not once have to look at the manual, it was simple and intuitive.

I did some research on the Nokia E-71 cell phone about a year ago and kept the specs on my desktop. My old cell phone was about to be non-existent and while browsing through Amazon products one day, my dream became a reality. The price of the phone was within my price range and seller's customer service made this purchase a rewarding experience.  I had several questions before purchasing the phone and he was able to assist me with my questions.  I have not yet use many of the phone features which are way beyond my expectations however, I like the size of the phone because it's perfect fit in the hand.  I also like the battery life because the phone keeps it charge longer than a day. This is my 2nd Nokia cell phone and I am very pleased with this purchase and I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.  Great price and great buy.  Special thanks to the seller tomodachi21.

Phone is brand new and correct E71x.  I have had one for 2 years and it is getting worn out.  Easy to navigate and works well as a PHONE, and texting which is most important to me.  Not easily available from ATT, so now i have a new one for when my old one dies.  I refuse to be come a touch screen user!

This phone has lots of features which the iPhone lacks.  3.2 meg camera, skype with webcam, cut and paste, real MMS, replaceable battery, long battery life, great small keyboard.  Oh yeah, you can also do all that iPhone stuff with music, pictures etc.  I have had this about 2 weeks and absolutely love it.  Several of my iPhone friends are jealous of the features they lack.  This does not have an accelerometer or a touch screen but those features are not what I was looking for and you do not miss them at all using the phone

The product arrived on time. It works great during the first week and then it dies. Unfortunately the first phone was not good. I requested a replacement and, the new one arrived in the next 3 days.  Great price and excellent replacement service. The phone works as expected for a good price!!

I recieved the Nokia E71 about a month ago and the phone works great, clear reception. Awesome WIFI, great battery life. study construction, clear bright screen. The kepad works great but the only thing I do not like about the keypad, and I do not understand why nobody says anyting about it, the numbers are very difficult to see. Not sure why they did not make the numbers larger! everytime I want to call someone that is not in my address book I have to sruggle to see the numbers!!! but the letters are a good size. Would have given the phone 5 stars but the numbers are terrible.

I bought this item a month ago and I'm loving it!It is beautiful and sleek, the keys are soft and elegant. Easy to use. I am on prepaid plan, so it's cool to be able to browse the internet via free wifi, get into my mailbox and I can download skype to call for free to someone online or chat. Connection is pretty good. I love it.

Good phone, you can do a lot of things with it. Not for everyone though, as some people (like me a few years ago) can feel overwhelmed by all the features. Take time to read the manual, and don't be afraid to look under 'help' in most topics on the phone. Once you get the hang of it you won't want another phone!

A great phone!  I had (and lost) a Nokia e71X.  Replaced it with the e71.  The e71x is the AT&T; customized version.  There is so much crap-ware and other junk on the e71x. There are also many things locked out or disabled on the e71x.The e71 does NOT have anything locked out, nor any of the crap-ware/bloat-ware stuff that the e71x does.  I highly recommend the e71 to anyone currently using the e71x. I also highly recommend the e71 to anyone looking for a smart phone.This is a well built, durable and beautiful phone. The cellular radio sections work flawlessly. I haven't found anything yet on the e71 that I don't like (unlike the e71x). At the time I lost the e71x, I thought it was a disaster, but in fact it was a lucky break which allowed me to get the e71 which is a superior phone in every way.

I bought this phone to replace a Blackberry Bold.  While the construction of the E71 is very nice, that's where the positives end.  The software on this phone (Symbian S60) is a chore.  Seems like everything takes four clicks to accomplish.  Why do I always have to make a choice between a "video call" and a "voice call" every single time?  Why do I have to make a choice to reply via text to a ... text message? Why is that not a default choice?  The email application also sucks.  Again, because of the multitude of clicks that's required to achieve anything.And the desktop software... wow is it horrible.  Lots of sizzle but no steak.  Animations and fancy transition effect abound, but there is no way to edit notes on it.  It supports sending and receiving texts through it (the application) when the phone is plugged in, but it shows the numbers of the sender; it does not associate the number with the entry in  your phone book.  It also crashes randomly at startup.And the thing that prompted this review - the phone does not support charging via the USB port.  I mean c'mon!The other good thing about it - it doesn't suck more than the Blackberry Bold

Nokia e71 is a very nice phone. I like the metal form factor. The camera is decent. Battery life is awesome. GPS receiver is a little bit slow when you turn it on for the first time during a day. Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase.

love every thing ond the phone.. the only bad thing is  they  get  to hot if you have a long phonecall

I wanted a blackberry bold, unlocked of course because i do not want to sign up for a new contract. the blackberry costs way too expensive without the plan, so I gave this NOKIA 71 a try and believe it, I do not regret a thing. For $160, new and with one year warranty, I am happy with this phone, very sleek design to fit in my pocket. Clear screen and works great with WIFI (again I have no data plan) but I want to access internet on occasional basis or for emergency, this is a good wifi phone. I do not give 5 stars because the buttons on the keypad are quite narrow/small compared to b. bold.

I have bought for a friend of mine, i was so impressed with the phone. This a great phone.I'm a blackberry customer, but was very impressed with this phone

The nokia E71 is a good WI FI cell phone. I bought this phone and i didn't regret buying it. I would recommend anybody to buy a nokia E71. I love my cell phone.

First, I'm a die-hard Nokia fan, having been using Nokia since 1998, but I'll try to be honest here. I own this gem for more than 3 years and still work flawlessly. Recently I got a Nokia N9, but this is still my primary phone.- If you never used Symbian, it will seem awkward at the beginning, but it's easy and very customizable when you master it. You can setup 2 different profiles, called modes, each with a different homescreen and 6 apps shortcuts for easy access. I've named one "Personal" where I've Opera, Music Player, Sport Tracker (a must if you a runner), SMS, Facebook & Switch mode (for switching on the fly). On the other one, "Work", I've put Email, Quickoffice (great word processor), Notes, Adobe, Podcast, Switch mode. On the homescreen can enable Email & Calendar notification, WLan & phone manager. The left and right top buttons for menu & camera. The home button work as a task manager if you press it for 2-3s. The keyboard is easy and fast to use as the buttons are slightly raised. Someone complained about unlocking, I don't get why, it's so easy & fast: Top left button + Bottom left. That's it, 2s.- SMS, missed calls & voicemail notifications will appear at the bottom of your screen for you to click and access them. Easy.- You can delete all your SMS in inbox by going to settings - mark/unmark - mark all - delete. Or select as much as you want.- WLan works flawlessly & easy to setup. It will connect with only a click and open the browser automatically. Bluetooth worked out of box and easily sync with my PC, laptop and N9. I transfered all contacts and documents to N9 using it.- Voice calls are clear & camera, after last update, is great. Even the included headphones work great for music & calls.- Apps. Everyone complaining the Symbian or any other Nokia phone have a poor apps selection. Really? There are thousands there, even N9 has at least 3000. Have any Android or Iphone fan used all those half million apps? The most used ones are available. Facebook, Twitter, Opera, Skype, Whatsapp, Sports tracker, and so on.- Ovi maps. Great free voice navigation for life in any language. Do I've to say more?- 8 gb micro sd is great and more than needed, and raises the value of the phone.- And last the battery. The greatest battery ever. Even better than my new N9, though not as better as it was 3 years ago. I still can manage 24 hrs with one charge. Not bad for a 2008 phone.It's still a great smartphone, even after 4 years can stand in par with most new full keyboard ones. Don't compare it with touchscreen phones, they are a completely different category. And it's beautiful, shiny metal all around, not cheap plastic.Lastly, I think it's a bit pricier, but if you find it around or under $200 grab it.Just my two cents.

I am pretty convinced that the Nokia phones are the best ones. I had Samsung phones before, LG, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, but none of these are better than a Nokia in terms of navigation and usability. This E71 model is extremely easy to navigate; the keyboard is very comfortable, and the battery lasts longer than I thought. The last time it lasted about 8 days. But the best thing that I liked about this model is that you can customize all the shortcuts in the phone's mais screen. As a heavy user of SMS, text editor and calculator, I was able to put all these features in the main screen, as icons, so I can reach each of them with one single touch.

This phone looks nice and at the time the white one was the only one available. I felt like the keys would get dirty over time and end up looking dingy.The phone is very similar to the e63 but there were somethings that I missed and figured it would have since it was supposed to be an upgraded version. It didn't have a flashlight, no 3.5 mm head jack, and the sleep mode didn't have the option to have the bigger time and missed call/text icons like the e63 did.  The camera is 3.2 mega pixel but the pictures didn't seem that much better.  They actually seemed darker than the 2.0 megapixel camera on the e63. Another thing I thought was strange was that it didn't come with the MicroSD card like the e63 did.The 3.5 mm head jack isn't too much of a problem as you can always buy a connector for really cheap but its still a hassle and doesn't make any sense to not have.The phone quality was great of course and the battery life was great. Nokia never goes wrong in those areas.I took it back and decided to get another e63.

May 5, 2009 Update: I have lived with the E71 for about 3 months now. It's a good phone, but I like the iPhone better. So today I went out and bought an iPhone 3G. The graphics on the E71 just can't compare. Plus the iPhone has so many great applications that Nokia just does not have. My call quality issue arose from a problem with at&t;, that they are working on at my office. It seems better now. The 3G iPhone is quite a bit better than the 2G version I had.Original Review: I owned a 2G Iphone for about a year, and was getting frustrated by the Iphones bugginess and poor phone quality. So I decided to go phone hunting and settled on the E71. These 2 phones are very different. The Iphone has great graphics and nice applications, but is a pretty basic device. The E71 is a more powerful device, with less graphics ability, but is a better phone. And that was my primary need, #1 a good phone, and #2 a PDA. The Nokia excels at both.I like the VOIP options of the E71. The music player is good too, and can use up to an 8GB micro SD card for music storage.Setting up my Gmail and exchange server accounts was fast and easy.The E71 battery lasts at least twice as long as my 2G Iphone.The call quality is the best of any phone I have owned. I am very happy with the switch. I even switched my SIM card back to my Iphone last week to see how I felt about the Iphone. I switched back to the E71 at lunch. I missed the E71, and I don't like the touchscreen keypad of the Iphone.The E71 is not an Iphone and is not really comparable. The E71 is more like a turbocharged  Treo or Blackberry. The Iphone has better graphics, and if you need graphics, the Iphones the better choice. But the E71 is more stable and does not require rebooting, which my Iphone did.I also like the physical size and feel of the E71. It's lighter and thinner than the Iphone. It also seems very well built.The GPS works great and is a lifesaver. You can also use google maps.

This is trully the best ohone i ever owned. Things i like about the phone was that:-quality built-great gps-camera was ok- fast multitasking-the battery lasting for more than a week without charge! so frickin craze!-front cam! (and apple says they mad the first phone with video calling! hah! this e71 came out way before dumb ol iphones!)Using skype and fringe was fast, and a great way to stay in contact using video calling. over all the phone just makes sense! It has ALL features that a phone should have. Now i switched to a Nokia e73 but its not the same. the e73's phone built quality is shmick like samsung :(. The only thing i wish the e71 have was a bigger screen. Bottom line is that whether you believe it or not the e71 can do hell lot more than any ANY phone out there!Now that i think of it i wish it had a bigger headphone jack but thats ok cause i use blutooth anyhow. GREAT PHONE!!!!!

I won't go into the long list of features it has (you can view that in the item description). But it does have alot of bells and whistles, and most work really well.The phone is sleek, slightly narrower and thinner than a Blackberry, and feels solid. I have had a hard time finding a suitable sleeve for it (I'm not a fan of the belt attachments).The features are mostly intuitive. The Nokia PC Suite software allows you to link up your phone with your computer, and move files back and forth, including contacts, photos, music... You can even write text messages from the computer while the phone is connected.The 3Mp camera is great, takes great photos and videos.I use the camera for personal things, but it does have the neat feature to toggle back and forth being a work profile and a personal one, to keep things separate.The only disappointing feature wear the earphones that came with it, which don't really work. I'm not a fan of cordless Bluetooth types, and there aren't any good alternatives.

I really like this phone, first I ordered a Blackberry 8900 but I wasn't satisfied of all, then I ordered the Nkia E71 and is perfect for me, actually my fiance want it too so I will order a new one or probably I order the E72. But the E71 is a perfect phone, it has everything you need, if you want to chat with somebody use the msn, also if you like to watch videos just downloads the youtube aplication for cell phones. Go get it...

The Nokia E71 bills itself as a 'messaging device', but is it really?  No.The ActiveSync that comes out of the box only syncs one email folder.  Want all of them?  That'll be $50 and plus some 3rd party software.Want to sync with your Yahoo! or GMail account?  Out of the box, this phone doesn't do that either.  It will pull via Pop, but IMAP is only semi-supported and headers are allowed.Nokia is now offering a new service called 'Nokia Messaging' that syncs with multiple email addresses (not Exchange).  But even that is in an open-ended trial and the site says that Nokia will eventually charge for the service.  Shouldn't this service be included in a phone that costs 2x's an iPhone?Want to read Office docs?  Well if it's 2003 or below, you are in luck! The E71 does that.  Office 2007?  That'll be $50 for an upgrade, please.I give the product 2 stars because it does do some things well.  The Nokia browser is decent, and with the addition of Opera mobile (which makes up for the weaknesses of Nokia's browser), it does the web well.The phone really shines on making phone calls and sending text messages.  Just type the person's name and then push the green button to call or select text message from the slide-out menu and start texting.The OS is ugly (the contact screen and the individual calendar entries are just atrocious - sub-old-Blackberry ugly), but fairly stable and very responsive.Overall, if need an ActiveSync phone with a longer battery life and can live without great email (yes, that is an oxymoron, I know), and you have extra cash to purchase the necessary software, then the Nokia E71 is your phone.But overall, I am very disappointed in the OS, the lack of real email support that US customers have comes to expect, and the expense of all the extra software you need to buy on top of an already very expensive phone.  If I could return it I would.  The Nokia E71 is just not ready for the North American market.

I got this phone for my wife for christmas, she absolutely love it!! It is not bulky, and it has a sleek and business like appearance. There is so much you can do with this phone. I liked it so much  that I ended up getting me one too. The price was right as well. Amazon's price was by far the cheapest! Highly recommend!!

EXCELENTE EQUIPO ESTRUTURA EN ACERO, BUENA CAMARA,GPS, WIFI MUY RECOMENDADO Y VENDIDO DIRECTAMENTE POR AMAZON

It works well.  Nicely sized and does what its supposed to do.  Symbian isn't my favorite OS so I traded it for a Bold.

This is my first Smart phone. I am very happy with it. It easy to use and has all the functionality i need, and more than i will ever use. I travel to the Philippines regularly and because it is Quad Band and Unlocked, i can use it easily there. i just buy a local SIM card, and i am in business cheaply. More and more, people are texting, so they full keyboard makes that very ez. For some minor questions (tho not minor to me at the time), i called Nokia Support a few times. Each time, they were ez to get a hold of and very helpful. Nokia really supports their products. I am also very happy with the Amazon price and buying experience. for a little over $200 bucks i have a great phone and i got it within 2 days with free shipping (some special offer at the time). If you want a good, reliable product, loaded with features, for a great price, i recommend the E71 bought thru Amazon without hesitation.

Good news, Firmware update is available. Update your firmware, this phone will really satisfy you.

This is a  very well built and easy to use phone.  I just installed my SIM card from AT&T; and the setup wizzard did the rest.  It set up my internet settings automatically.  I also had no issues accessing my Gmail account.  Very simple, it took 10 minutes.I didn't bother with Nokia maps, instead I installed a Micro HCSD card and installed Google maps on it with no problems at all.Call quality is great and the volume is LOUD, even on a medium settings.  The keys on the qwerty keyboard feel nice when I press it.  If you text allot or use e-mail then I recomend this phone.  Well built, great reception, and nice and thin.Camera could be better.  Works fine where there is plenty of light, but indoor even with flas the pictures are a bit dark.  Then again if you want super pictures, buy a digital camera or spend lots more money on another phone.  Great phone for the price.

This cell phone is great. I use it to connect to the internet on the go and I can get connected anywhere I am. Also, I can use it with my mini laptop and it works wherever I am. This is very nice when you go to hotels that do not offer free wifi. The GPS works great. The signal is better than my prior E63 and my friends say they can hear me very well. Overall, this cell phone has the whole package for those who need a simple device to operate but with lots of functions to use. I even installed WHATSSAP and can chat with friends and family in other countries at no charge! It has been working very well, so if you have T-mobile, this is the one to choose if you need a smart phone soon and your next upgrade if far away form now, but even if is not, buy it just because you can use it to connect to the internet at any computer if you have unlimited internet for phones, and it comes with the cable!

Have had the E71 for about a week and so far I love the phone.  I really did my research on smartphones before I made the decision to go with the E71.Things I love about the phone:-Operating system is very easy to use and the phone is very fast.-Love the web browser, pages load quickly and clearly with vibrant color on both wifi and through ATT service-Love the voice activated features on the phone which I am still learning about.  I really like how the phone can read your text messages to you and how the phone will say the name of the person calling so if I am driving and it's somebody I don't want or need to talk to I don't even have to pick up my phone.-The size of this phone is amazing with all of the features on this phone like the full QWERTY keyboard and large screen that it is so small.  My company uses Blackberrys or Motorola and in comparing the build quality, size, and features they don't really come close to the E71.  The Blackberry phones are bulky and have a very unimpressive, cheap plastic build.  With the slim dimensions of the E71 this phone fits in my pocket easier and more comfortably than my old Motorola C139.-Above all the call quality on the E71 is the best I have ever had in a cell phone and the sound quality is amazingly clear and reception is always good.  I paired up my E71 with a Nokia bluetooth headset and even on Bluetooth and on the freeway people have commented that I don't even sounds like I am in a car with almost no background noise.I researched just about all smartphone brands for about 2 months before purchasing the E71 so I want to also give my opinions on some of the common "dislikes" or "cons" about this phone from the reviews I have read or seen and provide my opinions:- The phone is completely customizable which according to some reviews is good and bad.  Bad if you are someone who isn't very "tech savvy" and good if you just want something like the IPHONE that is completely setup for you when you buy it.  MY OPINION: I am not the most tech savvy person and with this being my first smartphone and scrolling through the different menus and setup screens I found the phone was very easy to setup the first day I got it.  I like for example how there are multiple profiles you can setup for the E71 which include setups for ringtone, text tone, email tones, et cetera that you can program into a specific profile so if you are in a meeting and you need to silence your phone you can just switch to the "meeting" profile.  With there being about 7 or 8 profiles you can setup, you can setup your phone to have a multitude of profiles depending on your setting.  If you can't find an application or screen there is a handy help menu and you just simply type in what you are looking for and you get detailed instructions for either finding the application or setting it up.  If you want to get back to the home screen, there is a home key that you click to get back to the home screen along with other handy keys next to the scroll key to get to commony used screens quickly.  Conclusion: The phone is very easy to navigate and setup.Non-standard 2.5mm headphone jack: This seems like more a minor annoyance than anything.  I have had the phone about a week and used everything on it from calling, calendar, and MP3 player and I have not had any problems with this not having a standard 3.5mm jack.  I don't see any problems here.Camera: The camera takes slightly above average photos in outdoor/sunlight but below average indoors with the flash with the 3.2MP camera.  Bottom line, if you want camera quality on a cell phone comparable to your DSLR or point and shoot digital camera than you're going to spend a lot more $$ and have a phone much bulkier and thicker than the very compact E71.  So in the end there is a tradeoff.  If you want to also use a cell phone to take family pictures and other important events than you'd probably want to go with the Nokia N95 but again the N95 costs at least $100 more and 0.8" thick (double the E71) so it costs more and isn't exactly pocketable like the E71.Fingerprints: The fingerprints show up on the back panel pretty easily and I consider this a minor annoyance.  Nokia would have done better to make the entire backside of the phone the dark gray color as opposed to making the removable plate a chromed titanium.Summary: For the price and comparing this phone to other phones like the IPHONE and Blackberry Bold, the E71 doesn't have a couple of things the IPHONE does and EVERYTHING the Blackberry has for much cheaper than both.  The E71 doesn't have the large touchscreen of the IPHONE but the IPHONE also doesn't have video recording like the E71.  Considering the IPHONES and Blackberry Bold new are still $500+ and I was able to get the E71 for about $330, the E71 provides a much greater value.

This has been the best phone I've EVER had! The camera takes wonderful photos, the battery lasts several days with regular use and the phone itself has everything I like. And to top it off, it has lasted me YEARS! Everyone else on my family plan has gone through several phones in the past several years (they didn't choose this phone like I did) and mine keeps going and going. When I finally need to get another phone, I want another Nokia E71x!

Almost three years I have used it for, very reliable.Keyboard some time make you unhappy, especially in cold days. All in all, it's ok for general use.

I recently bought this phone and i love it... it have a lot of applications for every day activities and for stay in touch with the office.Is not too big and a little bit heavy but not too much... it worth the price...

If you have a telephone with all the functions that a phone can have(and everything works fast and accurate), with a beautifull design and builded with luxury materials. Can you ask for something else?I dont think so.Probably the best nokia in years.Take it. you will not regret.

This phone meets all of my needs and expectations and then some.  The things I love about it most:- Battery life.  I get 8 days on a charge, even when using 3G, Wifi, texting and calling regularly.  I don't use Bluetooth or the GPS too much, so those might affect your battery life.  Still, the battery on this thing is really impressive.- Keyboard.  I have large hands, and my first day with this phone, I definitely had my share of typos.  That ended pretty quickly though and now I'm a typing machine.- Screen.  It took me weeks to realize that I hadn't removed the little plastic film on the screen as I'd been using the phone the whole time.  It even looked great through that plastic, and now it looks even nicer without it.- microSDHC support.  I put an 8 GB card in there I picked up for another $20 or so and I can't imagine lacking for storage now.Despite my 5 star rating (because for me it's a 5 star device), it does have a shortcoming or two.  They don't detract from my enjoyment of the device, but I think the more information you have, the better informed a purchase you can make:- The camera is just not good.  I have yet to take a good looking picture with it.  The colors always seem off to me and there are noticeable artifacts.- Software selection.  I'm in the US, but I think the S60 operating system is much more popular in Europe, and it shows in the software catalog available for this phone online.  Many of the apps you'll find are Euro-centric (for example, soccer score tracking or European news sites).  I found a variety of apps that provide all I need from the device, but if you're the kind that likes having lots of choice, you may be let down.  That said, this phone does run J2ME applications and it also includes the Nokia web runtime that lets you run web widgets (Google for Nokia WRT to find out what that's all about).All in all, I think people looking for a powerful phone with a full QWERTY keyboard would get a lot of use out of the E71.

This is one of my favorite phones I've own. It's very useful for the busy business person that's always on the go.

I have been using the phone for about 4 months now,with unlimited prepaid call and text plan from AT&T. Without a dataplan, I am able to read all my emails: yahoo,gmail and my .edu mails as text messages on the go using.I love it, including signing into yahoo messenger and chatting with text message. MMS is perfect. Picture quality: fantastic. Because I dont spend much time viewing multimedia,my battery could last up to 3 days. Once I entered my house, I am connected online through wifi. I tried calling a friend with skype, it was fantastic.  The call history keeps record only up to 30 days.

It's a excelent phone, Hardy and fast, so you can tell everyone that this device is better than every Blackberry phone.

There is no much to say about this product,i like it,it's very good,but the only thing that i'm dissapointed about is battery life....i tried even in offline mode to keep it,it lasts still one day max!!!I don't know what to do?I purchased it from amazon,seller was mobile city online.[...]

I have had this for a couple years now and it is a pretty durable phone.  I have accidentally dropped a number of times, even on hard ground and it keeps ticking.  Once it came out of my holster in a rainstorm (not recommended).  I picked up out of a small puddle and shut it off right away to let it dry off.  A couple hours later it powered up fine.

I won't do a long and detailed review of this phone, my previous reviewers had done it already.  I just want to add my 5 stars to the phone and I support every single positive comment the previous reviewers did.I had several Motorola phones (with Windows) and my latest one was an HTC S621 with Windows.  I got tired of Windows phones, lazy start, continuos OS "freeze" and all the bad stuff you already know about this Operating System.  Symbian is all the opposite of Windows, on a positive point of view.This phone humiliates ALL my previous ones and I'm more than happy with it.  And the price, OMG!!UPDATE (JAN 3rd, 2009):Some "flaws" I have found:- Links that come with emails, you won't be able to open them in a browser, the phone identifies them like telephone numbers and the options you will have is to "call" the number.  There is no "open link" option.- When opening the phonebook, sometimes the phone gets freezed and it restarts itself (maybe a flaw in my particular unit).- When turning on the phone, I ALWAYS get a message on the screen that an application couldn't be installed, but there is not details, I mean, the error won't say what application is having the installation error nor a suggested solution for it.  I had used my 8GB microsd to install "themes" on my phone and they work great, should these could the "applications" with errors?  I truly don't know.

I love this phone and of today I still have it in my possession. I would have recommended this phone to family and friends and people such as my uncle wanted to buy it from me but I just can't get rid of this phone like this.

I purchased this phone from Amazon a few months ago, and I've waited for a while to submit a review.  After having an opportunity to truly evaluate and use it, I thought I'd weigh in with my review.  For those looking for an alternative or an unlocked world phone, the Nokia E71 "answers the call"!  Okay, all joking aside, the E71 smartphone has a quality look and feel and is constructed well (made in Finland), lightweight, and user-friendly.  The E71 runs the Symbian S60 OS, which provides familiarity to those who have owned a Nokia phone before.  The E71 I purchased came with Nokia GPS for free as part of the Symbian S60 3rd edition.  The pros to running the Symbian OS is that you can utilize a great deal of apps, both for sale and for free.  Another app that comes to mind is Joikuspot, which turns the E71 into a wireless hotspot.  Other pros are the speakers (both handset and loudspeaker), form factor, ease of use, switchable home screens (work or personal), keyboard layout, Wi-Fi, camera w/ flash, etc.  This smartphone has taken my life organization to a whole new level with the very intuitive and easy to use calendar, seamless email, and messaging setup.  There are also a great deal of accessories which can be had with this smartphone.  Last but not least, the call quality is great with this E71 and I have experienced no issues with clarity, and only 1 dropped call since I've owned it (I suspect that it was due to low cell signal as I was on the edge of the tower at the time).  Overall, I'm very pleased with this smartphone's features, ease of use, and build quality.

As an owner of HTC TyTN II (Windows Mobile 6.1) with one year's heavy use and more recently my first Nokia - the e71, I would offer prospective buyers this feedback:I was eventually very frustrated with WM6.1 (being initially a Psion-EPOC and then for years Palm OS5 user with 'instant action'). The Windows platform is certainly "rich" in functionality - if you *really* wish to use all the bells and whistles which I, having used PDAs/phones for 15 years, found beyond my demanding professional needs. WM6.1 based PocketPC productivity software such as the very popular Pocket Informant 8 (my preferred Contact manager) offers wonderful features but is needlessly complicated and cross linked to other suites, and importantly is less than intuitive (compared to Nokia). This is not a complaint on PI - their support was great! full marks! - but symptomatic of many other WM6.1 software I use. As a result, the mighty TyTN II is too slow for simple things like quick access to calls, looking up contacts etc. and ultimately, I gave up. The TyTN - despite good memory size - also used to hang up and this despite regular memory management using Memaid, clearing caches etc. I used SpB Shell and related software to get better GUI but still it hung up...Overall, the "stickyness" of this platform caused me to wait for the simplest of functions such as for a contact to be found on my database and for him/her to be dialled out : tedious and impractical in a fast moving media business. Some aspects of being unable to Cut and Paste within WM6.1 applications gave me alittle heartache too. I did not care for WM6.1 onscreen touch-based virtual keyboard dialling software, prone to a few errors...pretty unslick.WM6.1 did render Internet Explorer/browsing and Windows Media Player/videos in much better performance and true HTML colour content than the Nokia e71 can manage (-Nokia is abit simplistic despite its marketing lines). I reccomend TyTN and WM6.1 here. Wifi connectivity with HTC TyTN II too is lightning-fast compared to slow and difficult to connect aspects of the e71 - very poor (I still can't get my Nokia to browse smoothly with my home wireless Netgear router).However, Nokia e71 in terms of intuitive handling is streets ahead of my TyTN II. Contact location and dialling (of the same database of 2000+ contacts as on TyTN) is achieved far more smoothly, faster by a long way, and in a more pleasing manner (to handle messaging options etc.) than, sadly, the HTC/WM6.1 combination ever could. Ultimately as a business user, this matters more to me. I do not miss the touch screen of WM6.1 at all. I can work faster with Nokia's Symbian OS drop down menus (+ D pad switch) which are far less intimidating than some reviews I read before purchase. And the form factor (slimness) of the e71 is all the more remarkable compared to the small but decidedly chunky and swivelly HTC. The e71 keyboard - vital for me - is a little more dainty but it is manageable even for big hands (I need to edit docs). I do not miss the admired TyTn II keyboard that much and am not that much slower on the Nokia either. The e71 battery life is also very good, two full days of heavy use+ and faster (2-3 hour) charging than the HTC. Call clarity is better on the e71. I do not use Bluetooth handsfree.All in all, if you want a mobile with more phone-type use, easy scheduling, faster lookups, adequate but not picture saavy photos, great form factor and battery, good enough keyboard, and intuitive use (I never consulted a manual)... then the e71 is a great phone (remarkably at half the cost!). If you are more into heavy Internet Explorer browsing and want all the richness of HTML-type displays, albeit in tiny form, or want very detailed scheduling options/contact parameters/heavy real GPS options, touchscreen... then maybe WM6.1 plus TyTN II is a way (the hardware I feel is ok, but it is the platform that lets it down). As a result of my experience, I will stay off WM6.1 phones myself for a while until significant "portability" by Microsoft is evidenced. I miss my Palm Treo 650's OS which, though dated, gave instant satisfaction (touchscreen).

Alright, I finally bought one a month ago based on the reviews here. This is my first smart phone. I considered iPhone and N96 before finally settling for E71. Here is why: I realized that what I really wanted was connectivity on the run (or walk ;)) - not necessarily watching movies or doing demos to others on what my phone can do. I wanted a phone that can do many things pretty well, and not just some things absolutely the best. I also wanted a phone that lets me add applications that I (as opposed to AT&T; and Apple) want/allow. And I didnt want to go bankrupt buying/using that phone.  E71 satisfies all (well, except the demo part: I ended up demoing it a few times ;)).Coming to the phone itself - it has an unvelievable set of features -* Connectivity options - You name it, it has it(Bluetooth - including stereo headset support infrared, Wifi, 3G, Edge). You can connect to Wifi networks that requires encryption (I configured WEP) or browser-based authentication.* A GPS with A-GPS support - meaning fast GPS lock. Not sure if you need(I have) data plan to use it. You can disable it, though, and use just the plain GPS.* Decent email client (setting up gmail took all of 1 minute - just enter your user name and passwd). But you should try Nokia's new push email service (free for now - not sure how long), it is much better. Emails show up on your phone even before Gmail web ui shows it (same case with built-in email client as well). Both has no html support (yet).* It can sync up with outlook on your windows PC using Nokia Suite, and it can connect to Exchange using active sync (though I havent checked this myself - my employer doesnt allow me to).* It plays all kinds of media files (audio is decent, and the speaker loud enough) and youtube.* It has a very good browser with flash support (and you can watch You Tube videos)* it has internet telephony support(meaning you dont need any additional software if you have SIP account with any provider)* it has tonnes of other applications (free and paid) that you can download from Nokia's own or various Symbian S60 websites. Fring (chat/voip client for google talk, skype, etc), Google Maps (with street view), Yahoo Go, etc are some must-have applications available free. Ability to be on Skype all-day (of course, if you have data plan) can save you a lot of money, if you make/receive international calls (you can make skype-skype free or skype-phone for lower rates without using your minutes)* You can add more memory using micro SDHC card and applications can be installed on phone memory or card* Good battery life (at least to my expectations) - with wifi and 3G turned on, push-email set to immediate notification, Fring running always and lots of browsing, I get through 2 days. With 3G turned off (using edge), push-email at immediate notification and moderate browsing, I have now gone 3 days and battery has 40% charge left.* Looks - One of the best looking (still feature-rich) phones (much better than N95, but nowhere near an iPhone) out there. It is very thin, and is probably smaller than iPhone.* Finally, it has a full qwerty keyboard which is very very very usable - never thought I could do that on a phone.For the negative side, I must say that the Wifi reach is not as good as my laptop (meaning, I can get fairly good signal on laptop, but E71 wont get any) - but then you cant really compare the high-power laptop to a low-power cellphone. Also the phone has a 2.5mm audio jack (not 3.5mm, as your regular headsets would use) - you will have to get a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter if you are particular about that favorite headset of yours.Overall, I recommend the phone. With the AT&T;'s Media Unlimited (just $15 per month, instead of $30 that iPhone requires), I am enjoying the new phone. My days have changed - for the better!

I just got this last night and was really excited at first from reading all the great reviews from others. However, I realized that it's not as what's hyped up to be.  The memory didn't come with the phone so I had to go out and buy one separately last night and then the map features doesn't even load but prompts many questions over and over again then it crashes.  Furthermore, I had to open the battery case then disconnect in order for the phone to work again!  The GPS doesn't work either since I have the old AT&T; service and I don't have the data plan.  I thought the GPS was a feature like you get from buying GPS separately in which it doesn't require internet service but satellite only. The short-cut email feature doesn't work either! I tried many ways to get it right but it keeps prompting me with same messages over and over again. So I had to log on to the web site feature then log into Yahoo then get my email that way, so what's the short-cut feature for if it doesn't work? Also, I had a difficult time to find where to delete the email account once you created one??!!  The number buttons are really small so when you just want to dial a number you really have to look for the right button to push.  All other features and icons are really small as well and too many to really understand which one is which.  I guess I'm used to having iPhone's bigger icons and user friendliness and now this Nokia is a big disappointment.  I wouldn't be complaining too much if this E71 hadn't been over $300 dollars. If it were only around $200 then I would give it an average rating instead of only one star. For $300 you can do much better. In fact, iPhone is only couple hundred more and worth it. I just didn't like the battery life on iPhone so I gave this E71 a try.  Before I close, I should mention that the camera/flash seems to work fine and the battery life on E71 seems to be awesome and long lasting once you fully charge it.  I may just get the cheaper version of the Nokia since I can't use email, map and GPS features from this phone.  So beware of these complaints before you order this phone for $300.Edit:Someone responded to my review by saying that since I didn't have a data plan I couldn't download maps and emails.  That's true but I was logged on with Wi-Fi and it still didn't work, whereas with iPhone I didn't have any of those issues.

I used Nokia when they made the brick phones. I updated to all kinds of phones, and I still missed the quality of the Nokia, but I was too embarrased to carry around such an ugly brick of phone. This phone does everything! I have a hard time keeping track of events, when to take my vitamins, when exams are due, birthdays, everything. With other phones I had, there was the option to use the calendar and alarm settings, but none like this. Now, I don't have an excuse. I used to be stuck by the monitor all day waiting for that email, myspace message, Google Chat, AIM, messenger, facebook photo tag, listening to Last.fm, and now, I can literally take all of that with me. And the best part is, it does not eat up the battery and I can go anywhere! I can scrobble music on here with my SD card, and I have a GPS and it tells me where the closest dry cleaner is and what not in walking distance that I never knew of before! It also has this really cool application called SportsTracker, and it tracks not just the miles, but your pace. It is a great tool for athletes. I can see how many calories I am burning on my bike rides, and I can see how far I go when I walk to places. It made me get a little competitive with myself and I try to beat my own record. I love Nokia, and I have seen and tested all kinds of smartphones, and I know this phone will be with me forever!! Plus the video is amazing. I don't need to carry my ipod, camera, cell phone, gps with me. I have it all in ONE phone!!!Me + Nokia = Common Sense

I have been a dedicated Nokia supporter for a few years now. Started with a Nokia 7610, then switched to n80i and finally about a month or so ago purchased THE E71-2. To me there is absolutely no comparison between a blackberry and an e71, however it could not be perfect. Two major downfalls are:1. Does not work on Tmobile 3G network in continental US, which is a huge factor for current Tmobile users. Just have to settle for EDGE right now or use AT&T;2. No standard 3.5mm headphone jack, so unfortunately you won't be able to use your favorite headphones.Other than that it is an absolute iPhone and Blackberry killer

There's not much more to add... I just want to thank all the thorough reviews that helped me decide for this great piece of equipment!!It is simply the best cell I've ever had :-)

I needed o phone with- full qwerty- reliable Operating System (sorry Microsoft)- nice multimedia - mp3, youtube, hi rez photo and video camera, flash, podcasts, fm tuner, voice recorder, memory card (sorry Blackberry)- easy Exchange integration for mail, contacts and calendar- easy sync and backup options out of the box- gps that would work on a free software (google maps)- all possible connection options: wi-fi, bluetooth, infrared, GSM, GPRS, EDGE, 3G- unlocked and available for tethering- background applications (sorry Apple)- long, long battery life to support all of that - like no need to worry my battery is gonna die if i use my gps with the light on for 2 hours(sorry Apple)I found them all in the E71.

Worst Music Software on the market, don't believe me, search nokia e71 music in google and look at the myriad of pages of angry customers. GPS software terrible. Home screen is not intuitive at all. Only thing about this phone that is awesome is how loud it is without headphones, it's like a little boom box. I don't normally write reviews but this phone is so bad I feel compelled to say something. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!! I think that what happened is nokia made too many of them couldn't sell them so they flooded amazon with positive reviews so gullible people like me would see 4.5 stars and 400 reviews and say what so many people have said for so long, "that many people can't be wrong".

I have used at least 50 different phones in the past 2 years. The E71 is one I always come back to. The only thing lacking is the camera quality which should be improved in the soon to be released E72.... Yes, I will be buying it too.

I was someone who waited and waited for the Blackberry Bold because the Iphone never did much for me. Eventually I got tired of waiting because I found something better...the Nokia E71.My first impression is wow, if you could only see this beauty in person. It is a masterpiece. With its titanium encasing, I have no idea how I could break this product.The next thing you notice is its size. From being around Blackberry's and Iphones this thing looks small and compact. For me this is an advantage, but for those with bigger hands you may be disappointed....but unlikely.So far the best thing about this phone is it's software. This is simply  because it is incredibly easy to use and set up. I typed my gmail account and bam! I was all set with push email.The phone is set up so you can switch modes, which is great. You can go from your regular calender, browser, email, and messaging to more of your media device. It sort of is like work and play for me.The camera isn't the greatest for some. I feel that it is good to have but not a necessity so it's quality doesn't bother me.Overall, I am extremely happy with this product....the negative reviews are honestly ridiculous when you add up all the positives of this device. For those of you looking for a more refreshing change from the iphones and Blackberry's  but ultimately want to keep it high end...I would recommend this.

It's the best phone I've had... I used to have a Sony Ericsson w800i and traded it for my new Nokia E71 'cause for me, it's the best brand out there. The phone works perfect! Thanks so much!

excelente producto, la camara es muy buena, el gps es muy facil de usar, muy manejable con una mano la conexion a la red es rapida se puede hacer practicam,ente de todo es un mini pc.

I bought this as a gift for my brother in law in India. I used the phone for a couple of weeks here, in order to get some apps and stuff on it, as this would be difficult to do in India. The phone is not bad at all, though the tiny buttons are not for me.The only complaint I had was that I could not find a way to set it so that the Ovistore app would only connect through Wi-Fi and not through the ATT connection. I do not have a data plan and did not want to be hit with huge charges. Thus I took off one star.I was able to get the Wi-Fi connection up and running but just could not set it to be the default. Weeks after the phone had already been delivered, I found a site that mentioned this problem and the fix was to use a script to make the phone always use the Wi-Fi connection if available.While its not a problem to do this, and the geek factor of it is appealing to some, I've been spoiled by the simple and efficient and easy to use interface of my iphone.

This is one of the best phones ever....Wow for the sip client working on 3G....it works great...i am not using my gsm service any more....I got a Yupifon.com account and they helped me to configure it on the nokia so i make calls from voip instead of GSM from now on....!!!

I am very pleased with my purchase (nokia e71) and I have no complaints.  I would be gald to recommend Amazon to anyone who has doubts.

I have had this phone for about 5 months now, and I love all of it's capabilities. I have not owned an iphone or a blackberry, but I have to say that this phone has every with the exception of a touch screen.  The greatest benefit is the fact that I can connect it to my laptop and have access to the internet where ever I am using my provider's(ATT) media net service without the need for wifi hotspots.  Overall, it serves its purpose as a business phone.  The pictures are not the best quality for a 3.2 megapixel camera, but the video quality if fine.

I was looking for a smart phone with high functionality and flexibility for productivity rather than entertainment. I suppose what I wanted was a device that I could do all that I wanted to do but in a 'cool' way, not so much access to some 'cool' things that I would not really want to do, so I looked around and got the E71 and I am very pleased.The more time I spend customizing it the more indispensible it becomes (and it has just been 3 weeks). There is also a large online Nokia and Symbian community that help you find a lot of good apps and highlight important functions.I recommend-- the eye call app-- sms preview app-- nokia messaging client (i am using the free trial at the moment)-- vlingo (you can send text messages just by speaking to your phone)-- spending time to create shortcuts and customize buttons-- using the "search" function (allows you to search everything from google to your sms outbox)

The phone works very well for the core smart phone functions: mail, web browsing, messaging, navigation.  Google Mail and Calendar sync is supported (via the Nokia Exchange client, see Google instructions).  GPS works very well, both with Google Maps and the built in Nokia navigator.  Physically, the phone is small and thin.  The keyboard is excellent and probably the best keyboard you can make for a phone this small.There are some negatives, too: the phone software is aging and not the most intuitive, the built-in VoIP app doesn't quite work, and there are not that many useful third party applications out there.  The 2.5mm headphone jack is a nuisance, as is the fact that you can't charge it through USB (but you can get a USB-to-phone charge cable).The phone is smaller and (I think) nicer than a Blackberry.  It's not a lot of fun (few games or other diversions available for it), but as a business tool, it gets the job done really well and in style.

I really like the design of the phone.  Very sleek and easy to use.  But after a year, it starts to shuts off randomly, hanging up calls, or getting 'network busy' message.  We have AT&T, in a very good coverage area, we took care of our phones (no damage, has phone protector).  Overall an ok phone but not very reliable.  Will not buy again.

I had no complaing to make about this nokia phone very fast on the internet, very easy to use even my son which is 5 years old and the way he use the phone is just great!!!!

Because, this is my first smartphone experience (I've never even played with one before), please put this review into context.I bought this phone when Amazon did a one day $200 sale on the phone, because my wife needed a smartphone for a new job.  She's Japanese, so she's used to high tech, next gen phones, but she's never been a phone person. In Japan you can get phones with crazy features that are still easy to use. I also liked the fact that you can use this phone as a stand alone GPS device without having the service. The phone actually is great for that, even though the screen is small. Needless to say the phone was too complected for my wife to like. She's very busy and doesn't have time that this phone needs to figure out.I fell in love with it, because I like thinner flip phones, and this phone wasn't much bigger than my Samsung flip, one of the worlds thinnest. So you can throw this thing in your pocket, and it's not going to anywhere as bulky as an iphone.  I also like the solid construction and the steel case. The phone isn't cheaply made. The keys are white, as others have said, not silver like the pic, but I think it looks good. It's an off white, not a bright white, so it doesn't really clash. The letters and characters are back lit, and you can set the phone to slowly pulsate light from the phone on standby.I do like complicated toys, but this one was a bit much. Granted, I don't know about blackberres, et al.  The main issue was the fact that I hate AT&T.;  I hate the a la carte menu plan style that charges you more for every little thing. The phone runs on T-Mobile, which is what I ordered, because I have good experience with them previously. This phone doesn't get 3G on T-mobile. The phone jumps on wifi signals around you with no problem, so I just used my home network. If you're gonna buy a phone like this, you need AT&T;, and then you might as well get a Nokia E71x, which is the same thing, just black and cheaper with an AT&T; contract. I use Sprint normally and can get unlimited everything for a two phones, for what it almost costs to get the same level of service on one phone from AT&T.; With T-mobile, if you don't buy a phone from them, their smartphone service is 20 bucks cheaper a month. that's $480 dollars over a 2 year contract. Think about that for a second if surfing the web a lot without wifi is important to you. The phone isn't good at that anyway. If you wanted to surf the web without a computer, then get an iphone or Droid.Because it's unlocked, it's basically like you bought it in Europe. The phone has an uber chic European style about it for those that want to be artsy and businesy at the same time, but I think you really need the support of an American carrier.  AT&T; supports this phone, so its probably better on their network all the way around. There are functions that don't work in the US. There are other functions, like the music store, that ask you to list what country you'd like to buy from and then give you the choice of 50 or more other countries, but not the US. The online music channel player literally gives you thousands of options for dance music alone, per country. You can listen to a European dance station called Gay radio Europe, or country music from the US. That's cool, but that's too many options. It would bug me to know that I'll never hear all of them and wonder if whatever station I was listening to is the right one.  The phone is like a pretentious Western European looking down on you (stretched metaphor).The camera's kind of crappy for resolution. Just a bit better than my 4 year old flip phone 2mp camera. If that's important to you, then get the Nokia E72.Screen resolution is fine, but will win no awards. Its not like the new droid phones. I played with a bunch of phones at the Sprint store after getting this phone, and the pre was by far the easiest and most intuitive to use. Think of the Palm Pre as the antithesis of this phone. I used the Youtube app that came with it to watch videos on wifi, and there was zero problem. The speaker is actually pretty good, and the speaker phone is great.Using the internet is a pain with the cursor, and there's no touchscreen. Using Opera for mobiles, the speed was great on wifi, but you have to zoom out over the whole page, move cursor where you want, and then zoom back in. If you really need to surf the web a lot with a phone, which I don't, then this isn't the phone for you. It has all the business stuff on it.The keys are ridiculously small, but even with my big thumbs with wasn't too hard to type on. Very few missed keys. The pain in typing for me was actually holding such a small phone with two hands and typing. Easier one handed. It's easier than typing on the Palm Pre, which is really bad.The Nokia apps store is terrible as well. Not a lot of stuff. It uses a Symbian OS, which is a Linux OS, so you might be able to use android apps. Don't know.The software the phone came with, something like 9 programs, were a pain. You can use them when you connect your phone to the computer, and can actually use the phone as a wireless modem, but they are a pain in the ass to use, not very intuitive or multi functional (they are buggy as well).Due to this I only had the phone for 2 days, and I sent it back. Again, with T-mobile there's not much point. I'm also more of a flip phone or multimedia touchscreen phone guy, not a full QWERTY guy. I don't text a lot. If the phone ran on 3G Sprint, which I've been on for 3 years now, then I'd probably just keep the phone for myself and buy my wife something else. Looking for a way to format the phone before returning it, I actually looked in the instruction booklet and saw how many things I was misunderstanding with the phone. If you don't like reading the whole manual, don't get the phone. It's an easy manual to read though.

The product is good to response emails, but the display is too small for web navigate.I will change to one tablet or netbook.Good Luck!Mr. Robin Hant - Brazil/Sao Paulo

This is the best phone I've owned so far.  Had a E65 before and older phones from Nokia.  They just keep getting better.  Everything is great about this phone except for my carrier (T-mobile).  After getting this phone 4 days ago I activated the online service for my phone.  I wasn't getting the 3G status so I called T-Mobile and found out that I won't be able to access T-Mobile's 3G service because of the different frequency or bandwidth that they use.  Not to happy about that but it's too late I really love this phone.  IF you are with AT&T; you are in luck because they announced that they are going to release this phone in black called the E71X.  I heard it will be $99.00 but no release date yet.  So if you are with T-Mobile forget about 3G.If your wondering why I gave it a top rating is because the phone is great.  It's just T-mobile :(

I own both a Palm Treo 750v and the Nokia E71 and I tell you that the Nokia E71 has all what it claimed to be. I gave the Treo to my wife and I kept the Nokia E71 (as with my other unlocked GSM phone , the Nokia N95 8GB, which I use when I go overseas)because of usability. The screen resolution of the E71 is better than both the Treo and the N95 and it's more handy, although it weighs heavier because of the all-metal material which is good quality. The only negative thing I can say about the Nokia E71 is that it does not support many attachments on my email which I did not have a problem opening withthe Treo 750v. But other than that, Nokia E71 is the best buy that I ever did at Amazon next to Nokia N95 8GB. And it's made in Finland.

hi, i really like this product, but in my country is very expensive.i would like to know if i get this here in amazon.com is going to work in Colombia, South America?Thank you!

great product at a good price; internet access with laptop and multiple other great features

Nice sleek phone...keyboard allows for one hand typing, easy to navigate through the menu options.  Definitely recommend it.

The phone works great.  It takes a little while to learn how to use it and all of the features but once you get used to it, you realize how smart the phone is.  My Samsung Eternity was much more user-friendly but wasn't what I needed for work so I gave that one to my son who loves it.  Initially, I had trouble with the web-browser on the Nokia E71 - it kept shutting down - so I had to reload the phone's software using PC Suite (back-up first because it wipes out all the info on your phone) and it's worked great ever since.  The battery lasts 2-3 days w/average data use and talking.  I'm very happy with this phone considering it was the most affordable unlocked AT&T smartphone besides the plastic version.

Hello E71 fans & future fans in which im sure you will become once you purchase this GREAT piece of hardware...First off,i would like to say i was a little shaky buying a $300.00 phone just by reading reviews about it but let me tell you what,this has to be the best investment i've made in a VERY long time.Once you get the E71 in your hand you will know right away that you've made a solid choice,THEN when you power it up...OMG! you actually want to kick yourself for waiting so long to get it.Again,i could go on forever telling you what it does & doesnt do but hey,i'll leave that for the pickey people,saying things like (3.2 camera could be better or no 3.5mm headjack)WAH!WAH!WAH! If those are my biggest complaints then i like to think i came out smelling like a rose.So,for all you BB & iphone users there is another little fellow in town who's making some noise and his name is "Nokia E71!"Enjoy your purchase and enjoy the compliments because you will be getting a bunch!

Wow! I think it is safe to say that this Nokia E71 device of mine has definitely been an instrumental part of my daily life and will remain as such for a LONG time to come. One primary reason for being with this particular model for an extended period of time may be my inability to afford new phones, but nonetheless I actually LIKE and PREFER this model even to my E90 Communicator!The slim profile, solid build quality, acceptable weight, tactile qwerty, word completion, exceptional reception and sound, useful apps, GPS, wifi, bluetooth, and North American 3G support have made this device one of my most prized possessions. I had dropped this phone twice in past months onto concrete and one time even had it slip out of its leather case, but the metallic exterior held up quite nicely and only shows a slight scratch on the upper right corner. At an overall glance my E71 is still in pristine condition as I use it every day of the week for home, school and even fitness. I cannot say enough how much of a benefit it has been to have a capable ESeries device that is light, portable and pocketable, and I haven't used a belt clip holster in MONTHS since I have owned it and don't plan to get one anytime soon!What can I say about the qwerty other than it's a perfect compromise for being narrow yet retaining perfect tactile feedback for my messaging needs? Not much. Over the weeks of usage I have become proficient in quickly typing on the keys to churn out texts, emails, documents and notes in the most efficient way possible (with copy/paste ability included), and a big thanks can also go to the word completion software that Nokia has included in the E71. Why Nokia hasn't added this feature to the E90 in the latest firmware upgrade is beyond me, but I am happy to have it on my E71 and have no complaints. Being so familiar with the qwerty is indeed a good thing, and I recently learned from Howardforums.com users how to dial phone numbers with letters such as 1800-TOSHIBA or 1800-MYAPPLE. The qwerty bar form factor is extremely great in regards to performing on the go in the midst of my ongoing activities, since I don't have to worry about opening or sliding anything to type a simple response message.Sound quality on calls has never been an issue with my Nokia devices in past and present, and this E71 continues that legacy. Infact, if I didn't know any better I would say that the implementing of 3G has actually enhanced the reception quality of my E71 in comparison to my EDGE-only E90. Inside my condominium there are two dead spots for my network signal and I have no idea why, but EVERY single past phone that I have owned would fall victim to those dead spots with dropped calls and weakened reception...yes, even the E90. However, that had all changed once I started using the E71 with AT&T; 3G and I am pleased to claim that the dead spots inside my own home are NO MORE!! I can finally email attachments, send texts and make calls without having to find a window or go outside onto my terrace!! If this isn't reason enough to stay devoted to this device through thick and thin, then I don't know what is.Out of all of these apparent pros for the E71, what stands out the most in my usage is the useful functionality of the available applications that add more to a great user experience! Google Maps has saved me plenty of times in either finding my way through unfamiliar areas or connecting me with local businesses via thorough searching capability. Nokia Podcasting has provided an alternate way to stay current on some of my favorite podcasts such as This Week in Tech and The MobileTech Roundup. Internet Radio is simply amazing for when I need a departure from the 920 audio tracks on my 6GB microSD card. The S60 web browser is a terrific alternative in efficiently navigating the Internet with a non-touchscreen phone, and the inclusion of flash video support has been such a worthwhile feature for Nokia to implement! The calendar being updated to reflect the double-pane interface I first saw on the E90 Communicator has lent to quick managing of appointment scheduling. My most favorite application by far has got to be the impressive Nokia Sports Tracker that I use on my 5 mile runs to track my course via GPS along with other data. After completing the workout I can then upload the information DIRECTLY to my account on the beta online service for all to see, essentially doing the same thing my iPod nano does with the Nike Sport Kit without a computer!!! A third party application named Missing Sync for Symbian is a GODSEND and is worth EVERY penny from a Mac owner looking for a reliable sync utility for their Nokia device!! Since day one of installing it on my laptop and phone I have relied completely on the automatic bluetooth proximity syncing between my E71 (even my E90) and MacBook Pro with no problems whatsoever!Another pro that cannot be ignored is the new interface of the home screen. Being able to initiate communication with ANY of my contacts by typing their name from the home screen is such a time saver. So much so that I have completely forgotten about the voice dialing capability! Having new notifications for missed calls, incoming texts and voicemails posted at the bottom of the home screen for easy access is another convenient addition.Easy to reach home keys for home, calendar, contacts and messaging that can also be programmed for long press commands offer great ease in quickly accessing information when needed. The iconic d-pad with the built-in notification light is GENIUS!! Having a screen saver that shows the time of the day in HUGE font has come in handy for me more than I thought, especially on those mornings when I've had to get up early!I can admit that the Symbian operating system is a challenge for any first time user, but with time and patience anyone can master confident and speedy navigation of its menus. Due to my E71's processor, speed has always been at a high standard whenever I would have to go through the interface or multitask with numerous open apps. For instance, in the midst of writing this blog email and playing music from the speaker this E71 continues to alert me of incoming messages and emails! Even two phone calls were accepted, and once I hung up the E71 took me back to my email draft and resumed the playback of my music without missing a beat!!While there is so much to be thankful for in owning this E71, I would be lying if I said there was no compromising to be made with certain features. Firstly, the 3.2 megapixel autofocus camera, though tolerable, is not up to the same level as the E90 in regards to low light settings and video capturing. Still pictures taken in low light reveal a grainy appearance that is an inconvenience when being viewed in full resolution on a computer screen, and video footage is not at the same TV quality 30 frames per second as the E90. However, over time I have learned that having an outstanding phone, reliable PDA, and suitable multimedia features come first before a perfect phone camera since I have a Canon SD750 anyway. Secondly, the external speaker in mono took a while to get used to after the amazing stereo performance of the E90, but its LOUD volume and clarity of sound had won me over. I had also found that since the speaker is at the top of the E71, it isn't muffled by my hands while I am typing on the qwerty like on the E90. If I was picky I could even mention the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack, but I have an iPod for music and am not a fan of talking on headsets anyway. With this in mind I conclude that even though some things could use a bit of improvement, they are still tremendously worlds ahead of offerings from certain competitors such as Windows Mobile.As of now I do offer my sincere apologies to Nokia. I had previously brought critiques against the Nokia Email beta app due to the Sent folder not updating properly. It turns out that the Sent folder must be enabled in the settings to start syncing with the server, and once I did all has been working perfectly!I must admit that so far the Nokia Email application has been a great addition to my E71 in managing incoming emails. The interface is quite vivid and professional looking and provides a much welcomed departure from the plain aesthetics in the old Messaging app, which still handles my SMS and MMS messages. As a huge fan of the Outlook Mobile on Windows Mobile devices, I am pleased to say that for the first time on my Nokia I am starting not to miss it.There are a couple of features that I do enjoy about the Email beta which have made my transition from the original S60 Messaging app most comfortable. The auto completion of potential email contacts while typing in the recipients fields and the organized layout of the Inbox folder really give me the impression that Nokia knows what its doing. I am certain that further accomplishments in software development from the Symbian Beta teams will continue to take place, and I am excited to see them all come to fruition.I can really see myself with this model permanently. Now that I am off the market as a buyer of new phones, I notice that there really isn't anything out there that is currently a worthy upgrade to what my E71 can do for me. Seeing the same old mediocre offerings from Windows Mobile devices as well as the apparent iPhone copycats has caused me to grow bored of the smartphone industry to a point. I recently read a review on the new Google G1 that didn't really cast a favorable impression and the Palm Treo Pro didn't come out on top for me either. At the end of the day I got what I wanted from Nokia in the E71, a suitable alternative to my E90 that is more adaptable for my everyday use. Until a competing conglomerate can manufacture something that fits or surpasses this standard, I am sticking to my E71 all the way in the midst of the mediocre predictability of today's smartphone industry.TRENTSent from my Nokia E71-2

OMG! i love this phone this would be my second of this exact item, the first being that a friend had seen this in use by myself and purchased it from me immediately, so i did the next best thing is to order the exact one online for a much cheaper price, its is very easy to use packed with plenty of features highly customizable.

I just got my Nokia E71, Before this one I had the Samsung Facinate, I had the Facinate for 3.5 months and I felt that it was a "Kids" phone, I love my E71 this phone I feel does more and it came out ahead of it's time,  a few of my friends thought that I was crazy for trading a Brand New to the Market $575 phone for a 2 year old model $200 phone but it is by far the best thing that I could have ever done and I will keep this phone for several years since Nokia has a Fantastic reputation for Quality.  I travel alot for work and I love that I can print from this phone and the navagation is Awsome in my opinion if you are looking for a Grown up phone This is the Phone to get.

I have lived with this marvelous little device since April and I am truly impressed by it.  The feature I like the most about my E71: it allows me to untangle my data from the ATT metered plan via WiFi. While sitting in a restaurant I am able to pickup WiFi to go online while a friend with a Verizon BB Storm2 can't.Everything works - albeit a bit slower compare with those uber smart touch screen phones.  GPS, Camera, streaming video, RSS news feeds and podcasts all work flawless, plus free office productivity tools and PDF reader. Another advantage with the smaller screen: without the large screen the battery life is great, depending on usage it will last 1-3 days between charges.Similar to a well designed Swiss army knife this is a handy little tool that does everything well within its specifications.  It is a also a great bargain - I highly recommend it to anyone who does not need a full sized phone.PS I have the white version of this phone - it looks great with the backlit keypads and polished aluminum back plate. No smudges nor discoloration of the keyboard thus far with daily usage.

i am 25 years old from greece...i just got nokia e71... this is not my first smartphone .. i a very happy with it... has great applications. wifi works perfectly in greek networks so dont hesitate to buy it if you live outside US. the only disapointment was that amazon doesnt ship to greece. keyboard little small for those who have big hands.. overall great quallity authentic...

Enough people have discussed the merits of this phone without my having to say anymore. It is an amazing phone, much better, and sexier, than the Blackberry phones.Just one thing, to fully unlock the phone's potential, I suggest you get a 4GB or 8GB micro SDHC card. This will allow you to store as many Symbian apps as you  want. I have an 8GB card.I also have the N79 which is absolutely amazing as well and I am saving up for the N97...See a pattern here? :)

I'm really happy with this phone, it has all the functions that I need for my business and also the multimedia functions are great to have some fun when I'm out of the office.  The only disadvantage is the power key, it looks cheap but it's a minor disadvantage.

I bought this E71 for use in Europe because of the prohibitive cost of AT&T;'s roaming for Apple iPhone. Nokia makes great products, but this one left me underwhelmed. It is a well executed piece of hardware, but the Symbian OS is simply outdated, and the entire user interface is cumbersome - a pain, in fact. For example, to make a phone call by finding a contact in the directory you click around and you have to even select whether you want to make a voice call or a video call every time. Really? A video call? When has anyone ever made a routine video call?The camera is good, but after you've taken your shot the software to allow you to send it or store it is cumbersome and counterintuitive. The form factor is great, keyboard is great, screen is great. But you know what? It's a hassle to use and no fun whatsoever. Look for something with better software, maybe the E97 or an offering from another vendor.

I've used too many phone before including touchscreen or whatever brands, but since I started to use nokia e71 I feel it's a powerful phone in texting and surfing the web. I love it and recommend to all who spend the rest of the day texting to friends and family.

If you're not with straight talk service from walmart, you're paying too much!! No problem with my Nokia E71. Seriously best phone I've ever had!!

Lets start with the cons. This phone is a fingerprint magnet and I can't find an app to use the front facing camera to do video conferencing, though Fring is supposedly working on it. If that's a deal breaker you should still get this phone.I got this phone to replace my old E62 and I am beyond pleased. The GPS works great and you can use offline(without a data plan). The keypad, though small, is tactile and allows for very fast typing. I love it. When I saw this phone in the stores, I thought the keypad was too small. I was wrong. Once you get used to it, and it'll take a sec, it's amazing. Also quite amazing is the track button. On my E62 my finger would start to hurt after repeated use, but on this phone the track button is contoured, ergonomic and smooth. I love it!Emails shoot out, and apps pop up, compared to my E62, the processor is lightening fast, though that's not saying much.Another feature which I found amazing, and which newer phones are bragging about is the ability to use the phone as a hotspot for my Nintedo DS or my Ipod. It works perfectly though you need an app for it.Also, using the Skyfire web browser, the phone handles Flash better than almost all current generation phones, especially the Iphone...wink, wink. You should also invest in the Handy line of products from epocware. They add alot of functionality especially Weather and ShellAnd last but not least the phone is beautiful. The chrome and white catch your eyes and you have to pick it up and marvel.I am very glad I got this phone, it is marvelous.

I honestly can say this is a great phone. What I like about it is the button locations for Menu/Calendar/Address Book/Messages. They actually give you buttons so you don't have to use any of your shortcuts which is great. For my shortcuts I selected "Profiles", "Camera", "Email Accounts", "Clock Management (including alarm), and "Internet", that completed my quick setup according to how I like it. Again, the included buttons for what usually are shortcut items gave me plenty of lee-way to add my own. The speakerphone is great, the screen is great, the camera is totally awesome and it has a flash (WHAT A CONCEPT!) LOL. The internet layout of the screen is pretty cool too and it loads very fast (I guess that's up to your service provider. I have AT&T;). This phone also allows you to have multiple applications open and its extremely easy to toggle between them. What you can't have is multiple internet windows open though so for example if I have ESPN open and I want to switch between that and Google, one will have to close for the other to open. The volume of the phone is pretty awesome too but you may want to download some of your own ring tones because the defaults are pretty lame. What I don't like about the phone is pretty simple.. the speed dialing is VERY limited. If you have ever owned a Blackberry your probably familiar with just holding down a letter on the QWERTY keypad and you can program a person to that button for speed dial. Well, on this phone they do the speed dial according to the "numbers" on the keypad. So for example if I wanted to program my friend "Alex", I wouldn't be able to use the letter "A" but instead I'd have to program numbers 2-9 (1 being voicemail). For me that's my only negative that I can come up with and that's why I say the phone is great.I also download the YouTube application and the layout for that is pretty sweet. I haven't tried the Direction/Navigator yet but will soon.I personally am getting a Blackberry but that's only because of the speed dialing and the blackberry messenger. I will keep this phone as my emergency phone and never will get rid of it.

Great phone! MADE IN FINLAND 5/5 starsI'm a Nokia fan and have been using this brand for more that 10 years, this is the best phone I have ever had.My only concern is that the new NOKIA products are MADE IN CHINA and they are not as good as the previous models that gave prestige to this company (actually poor software and a deficient construction are the major problems found everywhere on reviews and forums).I hope this company returns to its origins...super reliable and falwless construction cellphones.

I JUST SWITCHED FROM ATT TILT.THIS PHONE IS A REAL FINDING.USUALLY DURING MY FIRST MONTH OF USAGE I FIND CONS IN EVERY PHONE.for the first time I DIDNT FIND ANY.WELL OF COURSE I WOULD NT MIND TO HAVE AN XM RADIO ON IT,AND 10MP CAMERA,AND GOLDEN PLATE ))),BUT HEY,THIS PHONE IS WHAT I NEED.WITH A HEAVY USE OF 3G AND APPLICATION IT LASTS 24 HOURS,COMPARING WITH 4-6 HRS ATT TILT.CALL QUALITY IS GREAT.GPS WITH GOOGLE MAPS IS WORKING PERFECT WHEN I NEED TO FIND A STORE,IT FINDS SATELLITES PRETTY FAST.FRING IS WORKING PERFECT ND THE SOUND IS ACTUALLY IN THE SPEAKERPHONE,NOT THROUGH THE LOUDERSPEAKER.GREAT PHONE,GREAT PRICE!!!

I have always loved nokia, and I continue to do so but I am half way between very impressed and displeased with this product (E71). It runs much faster than the N95 (with fewer options in regards to camera quality, integrated photo-editing ability, music player/video options, and no accelerometer). I am finding though that tasks I used to be able to do on the N95 (like have browser open, switch applications to messaging, then back to home screen) throttle this device. I've had numerous times it freezes on me, or "not enough memory" when you try to read a text message from the inbox. Nothing else is running and I can open other applications fine, but as soon as I hit the inbox I get this error.I'm not sure what to make of it; I got the E71 until I could get my hands on the N900 with AT&T;, but I'm thinking of going with the E72 just because I see a lot of improvements made to it (especially the 5.0MP camera, which I do miss). I do like the new OS version though, and the ability to switch between modes of work/home use, just I could go without the full memory errors and need to reboot the phone.

I bought this Nokia E71 for Straight Talk service. I thought this was the best phone in the world, until it started givi g me problems 1 1/2 weeks later. I took it back, got another one, and within 3 weeks it gave me the same problems. By then I could only return itto the phone company. And boy did I return it about 6 times. Getting new phone back each time. The last time 1 month ago, they sent me a refurb phone, well it was about 3 weeks ago. Now my phone wont turn on, it couldnt find memory card, it gets hot, it freezes all the time, when you reset it, you lose the main app" ovi store" now i have to send itback again. Im very upset with Nokia.This is the worse Nokia phone I ever had. Its ashame too, becausethis phone had it all. If only it could just work. I looked on Nokia forum and everybody s complaining about the same issues. Everybody, and its not only with this model, its with other similar models too. Nokia please fix it. Bacause right now your at the bottom. Im really about to find another service provider due to this. Anybody know a phone company with unlimited everything for a low price who makes good phones, let me know.

This is just one of the best phones Nokia has put out in the market, I have had many phones but I still keep this one for emergency and works just great.

OK,  I love this cell, is one of the best cell phones ever made. Nokia get a hit with this phone.Nice camera 3.5 mega pixel, nice keyboard,are very nice, i believe that blackberry designer is pulling hair of his head, because the keyboard design are very nice, and even better that blackberry signature..Nice for bussines people who have to check every time your email account, noke display. Can send mms, sms mesage.Even for young peolpe, is very nice because, the camera its almost better than iphone.B

This is an amazing phone.Best thing about it is being unlocked ,can be used With A&tt; or Tmobile or any simcard from any other country.i like the wriless feature i simply connect it to my home wriless or any other free wriless outside like starbucks.Easy to use and very good design.i would recomend buying although i bought mine on Amazon.com christmas time for only $179 now it is back to its orginal price:)

I wont lie I was surprise by the quality and overall look. I did not expect this phone to be so "high-speed." If you are a net wiz, you have to get this phone. As far as emails, it could have retrieved them faster but overall it is fast on a world wide web. I love the sound, mic works perfect....clearer then the actual phone. It slim, looks expensive and is flashy for those who like to look rich and famous....LOL that was a joke. Overall software worked fine. I sync everything i needed. Mirco SD fits in perfectly. Up to 8 GB of storage which is more then enough. Trust me! +whatever storage phone provides. Ringtones are playing nice and clear. Well is there anything wrong with this phone? Besides the fact that it attracts some attention...NO! lolYou wont regret. And its so much cheaper with this seller then on bestbuy or else where.

I bought it for myself. I am really glad to have it. The only thing that it has not got an usual nokia user-friend configuration (pretty complex), but easy to use to be.Overall great device..

This is the best nokia ever made. Made in Finland, excellent tactile feedback, Great battery life, it has a prediction system to type fast (in my native language the predictive writing also put the accents, that's nice because you don't need to worry about tricky button combinations). This nokia has IR that mean that you can install the best and most practical software ever made: psiloc IR Remote, your mobile as a Universal Remote, great!.This phone is better than the new E75 and E55 (this two doesn't have IR).The screen is OK for me, very large.I recommend this phone, for all the functionality is impossible to find another phone for the money.

I lost my Nokia E63 so I purchase this Nokia E71 w/c are great phone.It's not atouch phone but very useful and simple to use.I can organize everything from musicto documents. What I love here is the talk time...Very long talk time so I am notafraid of battery problems.The size is just right to drop it in my front shirtpocket and you can even use voice to connect you for calling someone.I love this.

I ordered this phone from Amazon and initially liked everything about this phone (looks, build quality, features, etc.).  The main problem I had with this phone was the small fonts.  Even at the large font setting, the words were hard to see.  I do not wear glasses but have difficulty reading smaller print than normal. This is just a heads up to anybody who may have a problem with small fonts.If you are a person who has no problem with small fonts, then this phone is an excellent choice.  I need not say more as the positives have been covered by the many reviews on Amazon as well as outside sources.  It was too bad I had a problem with the small fonts, otherwise I would have definitely kept this phone.

I purchased a Nokia because of their reputation for quality. Overall, the E71 operated well and allowed me flexibility when selecting carriers.Unfortunately, less than 90 days out of warranty, the handset function of the phone ceased working and I can only communicate using speakerphone - which not only irritates my wife, but makes the phone unusable in most settings.Reading the Nokia forums, this is not an uncommon mode of failure for the E71 as there are several threads where people have similar problems. Overall, I would not recommend it because it does not meet my expectations for reliability.

it is not that much fast what I excepted and the GPS it not working fine even i updated the MAPS, it takes lot of time. and always it go for WLAN such and it it irritating me . I  returning back this device .ThanksUma

The size, the weight, the OS, the screen resolution, the apps, the qwerty, the desing...everything is great.

I have been a long time user of smartphone. Started with one of the first smartphones, Ericsson p800. Then some windows flavor as well as blackberry.This phone is by far the best phone I have owned. And I think this phone is probably one of the best looking phones in the market. Here are some of the things I love about this phone:1. It has a very strong signals.2. Call/voice quality is really good. Speaker is loud as well.3. Battery lasts a long time.4. GPS works really well and fast (this phone has 3G). GPS works especially well with google map/earth.5. It plays youtube out of the box.6. One hand handling capability from typing, taking calls, etc.7. Screen is bright and still usable under bright sunlight.8. Lots of applications available including a free SEVEN push email solution which is still beta version.9. Multi-tasking.10. FM Radio.11. An ability to subscribe to podcasts and download the only the ones you like.Some of the features that can be improved:1. Audio playback like play list creation and sound quality when using headphone are not as good.Creating a play list requires too many clicks. I am using a kingston 4gb and often my song list just disappear. I need to refresh it many times.I can hear a hissing sound from the headphone. From what I read many people experience this as well.2. Lack of task manager. I can not kill an application like I can on windows phone.Correction: The task manager came with the phone can kill most of the programs but not all. A media player for some reasons can't be killed using this. And in my experience, this is the one that hangs often.3. Keyboard takes a little time to get used to. I don't have big hands but I am still trying to adjust to this keyboard.4. Copy and paste only works in some applications. With windows phone, you can always copy and paste almost everywhere. Not with this phone.5. Headset output is not a standard size.I found 'Shure' makes an adapter which allows you to use regular size (3.5 size?) headphone of your choice. This adapter comes with a microphone. There are a lot cheaper one, but none comes with microphone. This adapter was made for Palm device but works well with E71.6. I like the FM radio but this feature only works when you attach the included headset. I think the antenna is actually on the headset.I hope this brief review helps. Some of the feature like camera, I have never really used. So I don't mention it here.

After my iPhone was stolen, I opted not to spend $500 on a new one since next generation models will probably be released in the next 2 months. So I looked at other options to tie me over until I figured out what I wanted to do next. And a new toy is always nice as well.The E71 fit pretty much everything I was looking for: email support, qwerty keyboard (the iPhone keyboard is a bit tough to use quickly), 3G connection, GPS, expandable media for music and images, camera--all the main things I was using my iPhone for. The expandable micro SD was a big plus, since I was at the point where I was trying to figure out what was coming off my iPhone to make room for other stuff. The four dedicated keys to email, contacts and calendars are awesome--things that I predominantly need a smartphone for. The size is great--about the size of an iPhone strangely--and just looks so slim. The steel frame is worth it for the high end look to the phone even at the expense of some fingerprints. Nokia did a great job with the design of this product. What really caught my eye was the white version. Most smartphones are geared towards men and so colors are chosen accordingly. I was happy to have a more feminine choice. Also having lived abroad, I was ecstatic to finally have a place to put my girly accessories (which are not as popular in the States) to jazz up/personalize my phone.On the flip side, I do wish there were more free apps for the Nokia. After being spoiled by the sheer number of apps that cater to every whim on the iPhone, I'm finding life with Nokia apps a bit boring. I understand that Nokia Ovi acquired Widsets, so I assume there's more apps/widgets on the way, but haven't been able to find any information on what the plans are for that. The included email client doesn't do a great job of mimicking email accounts when it's not automatically retrieving mail, which you can only do for 2 accounts. Every additional email account needs to be manually retrieved. I'm trying some of the push applications that are available and the jury is still out for me on those. Also the number of steps that one has to go through to delete emails, mark emails, add recipients to emails, get to applications that are installed on the phone, etc. is a bit annoying.All in all though, I think this is a great buy and a strong contender in the more business-oriented smartphone that has entertainment add-ons. Personally, I'm looking forward to exploring the camera, music, IM and other entertainment aspects of the phone in the coming weeks.

Sold me a bad and defective phone.It was locked and the keypads were broken instead of unlocked as advertised here

This is the best cell phone to date will do what you need it to do you will love it

This is a very good phone, with features that work above expectations. As a phone, it has an excellent signal even in difficult areas (where other phones have problems). Two applications I use are skype (through wifi) and gps with garmin software, and both work very good. It also has easy sync with PC (easier than with i-phone).Overall, well above expectations. I really recommend this product. I believe that nokia is the best brand for phones.

I own it for around 10 months and I'm very happy with it. Battery life is still amazing (I talk around 10 minutes daily and need to charge it weekly only!). I have dropped it on a concrete floor more than once and it still works great (few scratches of course but I don't care). What holds me back from buying another Nokia phone in the future is the platform/operating system/apps. Android and Apple IPhone looks a lot more promising. But I still recommend E71 for everyone: fantastic well-built hardware.

I know that "elegant" is not a word that a man would usually use to describe something that he owns but it is truly an elegant phone. It's beautiful.I'm not a technophile, so my review won't be as indepth as some. So I'll keep it simple.If you've owned any Nokia phones before then it will take you only one day to learn to use this phone. It has lots of menus and it's very easy to navigate between them. It operates on 3G and it's better by leaps and bounds over EDGE. All I did was get the phone, put my ten year old sim card in it and I was making calls. Seriously, it was that easy. I bought an 8G micro sd card and I'm taking pics too. Some have said that the camera is not world class but it works just fine for what it is- a camera phone.The screen is not as big as the new touchscreen phones but it is very large and shows very high quality pictures and video. The speaker is loud and clear, but on speakerphone, the louder the volume, the more the distortion.The phone is stunningly beautiful as well. It is very thin, yet sturdy. It has a heavy feel, and quality build. I recommend the gray for men though. I own both the white and gray and they are both fantastic. Prepare to get compliments- ALL THE TIME! Ladies love it, men love it, and my kids all want one now.Lets get to the pluses. 1: Sturdy build and estectically beautiful. 2: Many menus that are very easy to understand and navigate between. 3: Accessories included. Very handsome carrying case, headset, usb cable, and ac charger, and cd rom with drivers all come with the phone. 4: 3G interner with wi-fi. Fast internet at that. 5: Unexpected little things like the notification light that alerts you when you have a missed call, text message, email, etc. Ane the beautiful clock with date stamp and icons; it only comes on when you turn off the annoying breathing light. but when you push the navigation button, the digital clock is very big and bright. Very nice touch. 6: Very long battery life. On both of my phones I'm getting between 4 and 5 days between charges. Maybe I just got lucky. There are many more pluses, but those that I listed are my favorites.Now the minuses. 1: The phone gets really warm if you're on it for more than 15 minutes. This is terribly annoying. 2: The stupid breathing light that I see no need for at all. It just blinks and drives you crazy. I checked and most other users of this phone found this to be annoying as well- so I'm not alone in that department. Nokia emailed me and showed me how to turn it off and it worked. I'll instruct on that later in this review. 3: The qwerty keyboard is fantastic and has great feel to it so one doesn't have to push the buttons hard at all. The problem is that the keys are super tiny and take a little  getting used to. 4: Finally a very minor minus; no smileys. There are no emoticons to insert into texts like on older less expensive phones.Overall verdict is BUY. I researched phones for 8 months, and this one in particular for at least two. I read the reviews and decided that this one was perfect. After two weeks with the white phone and another two weeks with the gray one, I am perfectly satisfied with this phone. You won't believe how beautiful it is.How to get rid of the "Breathing Light" when you get the phone.Step 1. Push the "Menu" button.Step 2. Go to the "Tools" menu, and select it.Step 3. Go to the "Profiles" menu, and select it.Step 4. Go to your prefered setting (normal, silent, meeting, etc.), but DO NOT select it.Step 5. Push the "Options" button, and scroll to "Customize"Step 6. Scroll down to "Breathing Light" and push the "Options" button. Scroll to "Change", and select "Off". Select "Ok".Now the light is off and the screensaver clock is activated. I hope this review helps someone.Update: 04/05/2009. I love this phone. I backed up my files to my computer. And its a good thing I did. I did the recommended firmware update and low and behold it updated the phone but wiped out all of my settings and all of my contacts!!! I reinstalled my stuff from the pc and all is well, plus a few extras that was in the update. I will be backing up my phone weekly now.One new glitch though. After I updated the phone, the clock that acts as a screensaver does not advance. It stays at the same time until you push the navigation button. When the lighted clock shows, it shows the correct time, but the screensaver does not. Very minor problem, just wonder why a good thing goes bad after an "UPDATE"?Still the best phone I've owned, and I still say purchase.

my phone was delivered the exact estimated date and it is new and amaizing I personally love it you should too!!

since i have received the phone i have enjoyed using it and the fact that it is a nokia  makes it even better... the shortcut and features are great... there are few times when the phone freezes but only if you use many applications at once

I purchased Nokia E71 few months back and feel like it was a good buy. It has all the things that I need -1. Music Player2. Wifi3. Radio4. PIM5. Quad-band - GSM6. Sync with Outlook and Lotus Notes7. Free MapsWhat I do not like is -1. Bluetooth is not easily configurable with headset (may be I am doing something wrong).2. Ovi Application does not show which maps are loaded and which are not.3. Contacts do not show it is associated which groups.4. For charging through USB, one has to buy a separate cable.I would say that it is very good buy.

It's an excellent purchase according to the price.I like to use my phone with WiFi connection and it works good.  Maybe I would like that the phone choose the access point by it self (if it is defined), something similar as a PC or notebook works with the wireless connections.I use to use the phonebook with many and variable options to have multiple phones numbers/emails for a single contact, the calendar for my meetings, tasks and anniversaries (I sincronyze it with my Google Calendar and works fine) and installed some applications for my work and everything is fine.Speakers volume is excellent, louder than notebook speakers for sure, good for videos, music stored in it or radio.Camera is not the best, but are you looking for a camera or a smartphone ?In general, I could say that I'm satisfied with this purchase.

I'm a 6-year T-Mobile customer. Why? Because frankly, I'm too scared to change! Really though, I have a $29 a month plan (Business 300) that is no longer offered - 300 whenever, unlimited weekends, 100 texts, which has worked well for my needs and budget.  Unfortunately all the handsets I've owned (Nokia and Motorola) have had terrible reception much of the time.  I was blaming T-Mobile until I got the Nokia E71 and I'm THRILLED with the call clarity! Both on my end and for the recipients of my calls, who say they can't tell I'm on my cell - 'a first'.I purchased this item as a Gold Box deal after reading online reviews here and elsewhere, that gave it mostly glowing reviews.  I also liked that it would work on T-Mobile or ATT, which are both available in my area.  I had hopes of using T-Mobile's $10 a month add-on for 'unlimited web for phones' (previously called Web2Go.Upon opening the box I was surprised to see that the size and thickness of the phone are almost identical to my iPod Touch.  Very pretty - sexy even - the phone has an easy to use keyboard (my first phone with this type) with raised keys.  I have small hands and didn't find it tough to punch in numbers or texts, but people with bigger fingers might. The keyboard is backlit, which is very helpful, but it's not very bright.  I bet there's a setting for that which I've not yet discovered though.The documentation, a CD for the PC Sync suite from Nokia, an AC charger, earphone/microphone combo, white (slip-in style) case, battery, and phone are in the box. I also bought aOtterBox Commuter Case for Nokia E71x (Black)to protect it.  This case takes away from the beauty of the phone, but gives a bit of added protection.  The Otterbox Defender series is even better, but more expensive.Not being a big reader of directions, I tried to wade through the manuals anyway.  That was daunting.  There is a lot of info on this phone as it has a lot of functions! I found that after I swapped my SIM card from my previous T-Mobile phone and got to the home screen on the E71, I could press 'menu' and then 'help', and again 'help', to be where I wanted to be to learn about this device.Some cool functions found on this phone and discussed in 'help':-Adobe Reader-Activation Keys-Active Notes-Barcode Reader... VERY unusual to find on a phone and very cool to save product info and compare prices.-Dictionary-Flash Player-GPS-Internet Radio-Modem - you can connect this phone (assuming you have mobile web on it activated) to a laptop for example, and use it as a wireless modem.-Net calls... it has a webcam built in.-Printing... add a printer to sync with your device to print docs.-Real Player-Recorder-Wireless keyboard...if you link it to your phone, you can use it!A 'Tutorial' section is a available in the 'Help' section as well, with short animated videos on 'how-to'.  I like this area, but even with these helps... this phone has a lot to offer and a lot to learn.The E71's build quality is excellent!  Metal housing makes a world of difference in the feel of the phone.  I expect it would add to the durability as well.  My Nokia 5300 with a hard case started cracking within months of light use, as have other plastic phones I've owned, so for me, this is a big deal.Navigating the phones many functions is relatively easy, but yes, it takes time to get the hang of it.  Buttons for specific functions like email, 'home' and others are clearly marked.  The side of the phone has a mini-usb port and mini-SD card slot, covered by rubber inserts. Volume controls are on the opposite side of the phone and work easily and well.The 3.2mp camera is better than previous phones I've owned and it does come with a flash, which is new to me on a camera phone. Images were blurry or 'cloudy' looking, until one reader of the review mentioned taking the plastic film off the lens. "Duh!"  Usually I remember these things, but not this time.  Taking the film off the camera lens definitely makes for better pictures - clarity wise - however the color of the images taken indoors with the flash, tends to be a bit off. Not a huge deal as photo editing software takes care of a multitude of sins, but you probably wouldn't want this camera to be your only one.Charging port is at the base of the phone, with the speaker and on/off at the top.  I noted the microphone is at the lower left-hand side of the phone.  This is great if you are right handed while making calls, but call quality seems to suffer just a bit when you switch to left-handed chats.  Microphone placement... who knew?!The keypad does lock and the screen goes dark rather quickly.  Again, probably just a setting issue I've not yet discovered in my 3 days playing with it. I looked it up in the book how to 'unlock' - pressing two buttons - which while a pain, is no big deal either.The screen is big enough for most things.  Not fantastic for viewing web content, but this isn't really a web-maximized phone either.  The OS alone should tell you that, and if you're looking for a multi-media phone, keep looking.  It will email, do basic web browsing, and open media files if you have the appropriate data plan.  I didn't want to pay for the $20-30 a month web plan, so I am trying out the $10 a month unlimited web plan for phones with TM right now.  While I have a very basic Facebook interface for example, it's nothing like you would see on your home computer.  It is however, handy to Google things, comparison shop while out and about, check weather, etc..., which is good enough for me.  **I have been told by some that T-Mobile may try and kick me off this $10 plan saying if I have a smartphone I need the more expensive one.  My time with T-Mobile would be cut short if this happens, and I'd be looking to switch to ATT, as for me, this would be simply a way for more cash without 3G!  T-Mobile does not have 3G to this phone, but the phone IS capable of it.I was going to return this phone, but that was due more to T-Mobile issues rather than the phone. I love the clear call quality most of all and the easy texting. Admittedly, basic stuff. The internet, if available, also affords some nice things like email, Skype chat, Facebook, and Internet radio (too bad it's got that 2.5mm port versus the 3.5mm standard).In conclusion, it's a really nice phone for the right user. Not the best for multi-media or taking pictures, but a quad-band phone that has exceptionally good call quality, nice speaker and keyboard, moves quickly through apps, has built-in GPS (no internet needed) and Wifi capable.  I really like it, which I can't say about many phones I've owned. So the only real problems I find with it are linked more to T-Mobile as a provider than the phone itself. Which leads me to the basic question: 'Is the money I paid for it even on sale, worth it?'  "Probably... at least for me."4/26/10:I have had a full 24 hrs of using this phone with T-Mobile's 'unlimited web for phones' ($10 a month) add on. I lost it initially when T-Mobile figured out I'd switched phones.  I went back to their site and put in my old phone as the one I'm using, and so far, they've not cut off my internet service. While it's nowhere as fast as 3G, nor visually as 'wow' as the newest touch-screen phones with Android OS... it's the useful kick I needed to make me happy and at the right price.Now I have a phone that has great voice quality, speedy bluetooth uploads (took some photos and got them to my desktop very quickly), easy texting, GPS (tried that today too, and had it plot some routes with great success), music player and other assorted goodies that for me, are really sweet!I'll be keeping this phone and may end up adding more texts or more minutes to my phone plan simply because it's a joy to use.  Has held a good charge too, even with lots of web browsing, texting and playing music. I like it and would recommend it to the consumer who wants a feature packed phone, that while not the 'latest and greatest', does a damn good job at the things it was designed to do.4/48/10:T-Mobile's Web2Go is called 'unlimited web for phones'.  I had added it (free for 1 month), but decided $10 was more than I wanted to pay for this basic stuff (not G3).  Today when I went to take it off, T-Mobile offered it for $5 a month, calling it "Preferred Phone First Unlimited Web Only".  I snagged it and upgraded to a non-contract extending plan: 'Even More Plus 500 Talk + Text' which is $39.95 a month.  Now I have unlimited text (video, IM, Photo, or text), unlimited weekends and evenings, unlimited web and 500 anytime minutes for $44.99 plus taxes.  The Even More Plus 500 Talk, Text and Web unlimited is priced at $59.95 plus tax... so I feel really good about both the T-Mobile deal AND keeping this wonderful phone!

this phone is a good alternative if you are not going to used it for work, and used limited amount of e-mail send.

This phone is simply amazing. on Tmobile Edge it's 2.5G, but on At&t; it's 3.5G!!! here's a tip. get data plan only for aT&t; and you save 5 buxs vs tmobile's data plan.software is polished, unlike Blackberry. streaming Youtube 2.5G or 3.5G is a charm. try that on a grossly overpriced, plastic Blackberry.This phone puts all those Korean, Taiwan made to shame, clearly Nokia has hardware and softwaredesign team. This phone is neck n neck with Apple 3G.There's pros n cons for these 2 powerhouse.

I have had nothing but love for my phones, i am not a person who has to be tether to the interanet 27-7, i love the key pad and love that it is unlocked, screw you cincinnati bell with your high cell phone costs

I have always been a big nokia fan..One thing I like about them is their pro user approach. They like to empower the user by letting him do as much as possible with the device. The E71 does almost everything its processor is capable of. Email Videos Radio Third Party Apps, GPS.A shortcoming I feel is its camera, not the very best, doesnt give good pictures in dim lights..but i hvnt compared it to others so..just a personal perception.Overall it looks impressive and is capable of al lot of things.. and certainly a lot more powerful than E71x from ATT.I wish it had a bigger touch capable screen..but i guess u cant ask for more in 300 USD.Overall I am happy.

I bought this phone as a replacement for the Blackberry Bold i would have liked to get. But instead i find myself really enjoying this phone, very easy to use. Not lightning quick but quick enough, the screen is of a decent quality with images well represented, although you need to stick to a simple wallpaper as a active one will just make it hard to see the icons and stuff. The only thing i can mark this phone down on is the Camera and the GPS, but i am not going to mark it down any on the ratings. Because if you want to take good pic's you get a camera and the same with GPS. All though i do feel that Nokia has engineered the GPS not to work as quickly if you stop A-GPS connection to a network. IF you do this then sometimes the GPS will take too long to connect like 20 mins or not at all. Which defeats the purpose as you've already reached your destinatino by then. Overall a great phone for interent and wifi and texting. I love this phone and recomend it to all the people wanting a blackberry but dont want to stump up the cash for it. This is a good option, enjoy!

Nokia has stopped Blackberry Connect support with this phone, so unlike the E61i (which I have), one has to get a separate data package if one is on ATT. This makes this about as expensive to own as an iPhone on ATT, in which case the iPhone makes more sense.The keys are also much smaller than E61i, making texting and email much slower. Screen is brighter and phone is lighter, but that is about it.For a world traveler this remains a half-baked solution as the 3G support is region specific as well - even the iPhone and Treo support 3-band 3G. So, if you have 3G in the US, it won't work in Taiwan and Japan, which really sucks if you are in the tech business. This also means that you can't use VOIP programs like TruPhone outside the US - which is exactly when you actually need to save on ridiculously high roaming charges. And if you get the Asia 3G version ...it works only there.Basically, this is a cute non-iphone for folks who will not travel out of the US, and have very limited data package needs. Apart from that, it's an expensive paperweight and a poor replacement for the E61i. Nokia needs to get back to basics and develop phones that meet solid needs. A smartphone should be smart. And useful. And be real improvements on prior models - not just nicer candy wrapping. And we all (including me) need to really read the specifications in detail and not just assume Nokia knows what they are doing.I bought this, then had to return it after a detailed tryout which is what my feedback is based on. I was and remain rather irritated at Nokia. I expected more.I'm now waiting for ATT to get me a Blackberry Bold that's actually useful in my line of business - which is data heavy and has tons of travel useful features across US, Europe and both South and East Asia.

Just got this as a weekday phone (have a Nokia N95 for the weekends). As a former Blackberry user I have to say I'm pretty impressed by this phone. I set up my Gmail in 20 secs out of the box, and now send photos and videos via both email and MMS. Couldn't believe it when a friend told me the iPhone doesn't do MMS or videos, both of which seem pretty useful (cool) to me. since there are 2 home screens, I use one for work and the other for leisure time. This means I'm connected to work email during the 8-6 workday, and then flip to music, video and gmail outside work hours. Pretty neat. Email is quick and the screen and keyboard do the job nicely. Battery life is good (lucky since I'm not a conscientious charger) for such a feature rich phone. Also comes with a cool program called wireless presenter which can transmit the screen image wirelessly to laptop/projector etc. Great for seminars and conferences. Overall, I think Nokia have done a great job with this one. Its solid, feels good and well made in the hand, and I like the styling.

Este "unlocked cell phone" es muy vistoso y de gran dise&ntilde;o exterior. Los iconos de funciones son pobres. En este aspecto los iconos de los cell phones de Sony son mucho mejores. Otro detalle que no se consider&ograve; fue que, al menos para m&igrave;, debo tener la hora permanentemente en vista, as&igrave; est&egrave; escuchando m&ugrave;sica o viendo mis contactos. Creo que me acostumbr&egrave; a esto por mi anterior Sony Ericcson. Sobre el WiFi, muy bueno, buen alcance, buena velocidad de descarga y f&agrave;cil manejo a pesar del teclado.El teclado no presenta problemas por el tama&ntilde;o de las teclas, la c&agrave;mara es &ograve;ptima con luz natural. No la recomiendo con flash. El video es aceptable, igualmente con luz. En l&igrave;neas generales estoy satisfecho, porque tengo todo en el cell y asisto a reuniones con &egrave;l y ya no llevo la laptop, dado que maneja PDF y el Office, as&igrave; como el mail corporativo y los web (yahoo, gmail, hotmail, etc.).

Phone came in an open AT&T box, not in an original Nokia box. It also has a AT&T logo on it. No warranty or registration paperwork in the box. Very disappointed that this deal was not advertised with these facts (AT&T phone, not an original Nokia equipment). The battery included with the phone is also not original i.e. Nokia, it's a "no brand" battery. Awful. Shame on Amazon for marketing these vendors.

Nokia has a solid winner here. This phone is strikingly attractive in white and silver chrome. It looks gorgeous. Overall build is solid and outstanding.Wireless reception is solid with good signal strength and it holds on to the signal very good. Audio is crisp and clear and loud enough, but could be a bit louder ( like most phones it seems ).The keyboard is a bit cramped, but the keys feel good and solid. It is entirely usable.Unfortunately it does NOT use a standard 3.5mm headphone jack, but you do get some acceptable headphones with the phone or you can buy an adapter to use your standard headphones.WiFi is solid, just download Skype and make FREE phone calls without using any cellular minutes. Nice !Totally unlocked. Use it with ANY GSM carrier worldwide. Sweet ! No contracts required, no fuss, no muss, no crying.This definitely is one of the BEST Nokia phones that Nokia has made. Don't get me wrong it is not an iPhone, but if you want an attractive, solid, smart phone with good reception and nice features and a real physical keyboard this baby is it.You will not be disappointed. Highly recommended !

This fone has all the features I need and more. Its looks simple but loaded with a lot of power! Good for work-related duties. Battery power is the best by far. Best Nokia fone..or should I say best fone I've ever used in 18 cellular years!

this phone is awesome. i can get on the INTERNET anywhere (riding down the street,library,in stores) and watch  the news ,you-tube web pgs. send email, download mp3 ring-tones, books, videos. this phone has my husband excited. he stay up late just discover all the new things about his phone. blue tooth is wonderful,but it eats the batteries up..

The phone is fine. But beware of using Jacob Telecom as a vendor. After an initial order in February I am still waiting for them to ship me the charger for the phone. I have sent them repeated emails with no useful results. Once they sent me a charger that did not mate to my phone. When I told them this and asked if I should send it back, they told me to keep it and that they would send me the correct model charger. I am still waiting for the proper charger. Fortunately I have an old charger that I have been able to use with the phone; a Nokia E71.In short, steer clear of this vendor!

From day one I've loved this phone. For those be afraid of the white -  it's only the keyboard that's more white than anything else. The rest of the phone is pretty much silver. It is a great eye catcher!! Works pretty much the same as any other Nokia...just wish they would make their theme icons a bit more professional looking.One more thing Nokia does not offer Blackberry Connect for this phone. A bit of a step back I would say, but maybe they will at some point.**does not come with a memory card

My previous phone was an iPhone, and that was the first smartphone I owned. While this phone is a step down in terms of available apps and other bells and whistles, the performance as an actual phone is second to none.With every phone I have ever had, I have always had some issues with signal in certain places I frequent, whether at home or work. With the iPhone, I literally had no signal more than half the time. My bedroom is below the ground, so this has been a frequent problem not just with the iPhone but with most other phones I have owned. With the E71, however, I have not ONCE experienced the signal being unavailable at home or at work. I am always able to make a call, and always able to grab 3G signal for browsing.While the apps are a little outdated, they are very practical. The Opera web browser that you can download renders websites wonderfully to fit on the screen, even the ones which aren't built for mobile phones. The e-mail system is very easy on the eyes and functional. Downloading a threaded SMS app makes texting almost as good as with the iPhone. The operating system however is unnecessarily complicated, and this is the reason it gets 4 stars. It doesn't feel natural getting to different functions, and the settings that are available to be changed leaves something to be desired, making it feel as if you never get to really personalize the phone completely to your liking.The stainless steel construction of the phone looks and feels terrific. The keyboard is a bit small, but even with large fingers like I have, the way the keys are raised makes it fairly easy to type accurately. The screen is definitely of adequate size. The camera is nothing that will wow you, but you can take videos with this as well.Bottom line is, if you want a phone that actually functions as a phone consistently, consider this phone. I can do without the games in exchange for functionality and practicality.

I got this phone in time, basically a day before scheduled delivery date but when i tired to start phone it would not turn on at all. It simply did not work, so returned.

PLEASE DONT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY. THEY SIT ON RETURNED MERCHANDISE WITHOUT ISSUING PROPERY CREDIT PROMPTLY. ADDITIONALLY, THE MERCHANDISE IS NOT AS ADVERTISED. IF YOU WANT TO TAKEN TO THE CLEANERS BY ALL MEANS DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY.

Feels great in your hand and the keyboard buttons are much better than the Blackjack II that I broke.  Amazingly thin and fits well in a pocket.  Also feels more sturdy with the metal casing versus the flimsy plastic on my blackjack. The OS runs well and doesn't lag.  It took a little time to get used to versus Windows mobile,  which had a pretty idiot-proof layout, but it wasn't killer.  I like the media player, especially since it doesn't limit the number of songs you can have (I had a motorola with itunes before, which I loved, but was limited to 100 songs).  The screen is pretty large and the light sensor is nifty because it makes the buttons light up when you're in a shady or dark place--literally, not metaphorically. It doesn't adjust to your emotional state, friends.  The screen looks good; even in bright sunlight I can read my emails.  Camera is amazing.  Free google maps runs great with the GPS.  Some Web sites like pandora and hulu have yet to make apps for the operating system, which is a shame.  You probably can look up the regular Web site though, but large format video would have trouble with the display.  I haven't tried pandora to see if it runs fine just in the browser yet.  Connects with  wifi as well as 3G, which is nice.  Has cut and paste ability.  I think the iphone may have recently added that, which I guess was a big deal (???).  Biggest bother to me is that the keyboard seems a little loose so that it'll sometimes shift down and lets a little line of light out from beneath the screen.  Especially disappointing since it seems Nokia put so much effort into the other details.  I mean, it has a camera for video-phoning, which I'll probably never use.  Why the slippy keyboard?  Overall, still worth the money.  Great, great phone at a decent price.note:  I read that you could tether with your laptop to connect it online through the phone.  I tried with my macbook and it said I needed to contact my provider.  I called AT&T; and they said it was a $60 monthly fee to have.  So it's not free folks, and at least not worth it to me.  I'm still happy though.

Bought this at best buy a few weeks ago and after spending all night, and half a day back at BEst buy and trying several different units, I still couldnt get it to sync with my Computer. No error messages nothing . just wouldnt happen.Phone looks feels and performs every thing else great, but if it cant sync it is near usless to me.

* This phone is excellent* The battery long life* The design is great is very slim* The web browser is not good, beacause there are some page that can't view and can't use the copy paste* The email client is bad

after using an n 75 for a while the e 71 was a great upgrade.

I bought this phone for my husband in January and another one for myself in March.  That shows how much I like this phone.  Beyond everyone's ravings, here are some points from my personal experience with the phone:1. battery life is not as long as claimed in the product info.  My husband's phone lasts about 2.5 to 3 days with one full charge.  He uses it for  voice calls only with about 30 minutes daily talk time.  I typically get more functions of my phone with usually 10-20 short phone calls, a dozen text messages, 10-30 minutes podcast and checking emails with wifi 3 to 5 times a day.  My phone's battery indicator gets down to the last 2 bars by the end of day.  So I have been charging it daily.2. Good language support but less ideal than iPhone.  I bought the North American version so the phone comes with English, French and Spanish.  I was able to install Asian fonts on both my phones without much hassle.  My iPhone came with the option to change languages out of box.Notwithstanding the above, I truly appreciate the beauty and functionality of the phone - otherwise I wouldn't have bought two!Update 6/13/09: we have been living in China and Europe for the past several months and use the E71s with local service providers (the beauty of an unlocked phone!).  The phone performance seems to deteriorate:  the phone would turn off by itself - sometimes in the middle of a call about at least once a week.  Occasionally, I can hear the other side fine but the other side can't hear me.  Not sure whether this is a network compatibility issue.  I have been trolling websites to find cures - some suggest doing a complete software upgrade.  I am seriously considering it even though I may have to spend more time to configure it the way I like.

I am incredibly happy with my Nokia e71. It is a very sturdy phone and I appreciate the stainless steel construction. The keypad is easy to get used to. I wasn't very impressed with Nokia maps either but it took no time to install Google maps, which I prefer anyway. There are a lot of features that even iphone doesn't support, like mms, full bluetooth connection, and can even support applications in the background so this is a perfect phone for me.

I've been searching for a solid business smart phone for some time. The key criteria was first and foremost solid phone reception in an area that can have spotty coverage due to many hills plus strong battery life. I also needed solid syncing capability to my work calendar (Oracle Calendar), a very strong web browsing experience, and well designed contacts and call management. I must say that the Nokia e71 has excelled in each of these areas and the battery life is amazing (2 days solid with no charging). The main screen (Home Screen) is very well designed and more customizable than any other smart phone I have seen including the iPhone (which I also like very much). The extent to which this phone and its menu options can be tailored to meet your unique needs is impressive. The keyboard is small but eminently usable and the weight and thinness of this phone is incredible. This is one phone that I carry in a pouch in my pocket and not on my belt -- which is a first. The speaker phone is very decent ... not as strong as a Blackberry I used previously ... but respectful. And the call clarity and reception is a major plus for this phone. I loved my iPhone but dropped calls more than I would have preferred. Not so with this phone ... I've gotten consistently good reception. The included web browser is very usable and Opera Mini is also excellent (a free download). The email client on this phone -- which I use for IMAP4 -- is decent but I find it can occasionally be slow in updating or syncing with my corporate e-mail. Also, the calendar sync works well, but there is no auto-sync capability (you have to initiate the sync directly although that's easily done). Not a deal killer for me, but the email functionality needs some further refinement (perhaps a firmware update is coming on this one) and Nokia really does need to add an autosync feature for the syncml client so it can for example run once in the morning and once in the evening without user intervention to keep your phone's calendar in sync with the office. But in the end, there is no perfect smart phone ... but this seems to me to be one of the most solid one's out there based on my own extensive research and hands on testing. Excellent build quality, very rich functionality, and a reliable phone connection. I'm well satisfied. Nokia seems to have a winner here and if you have a Mac, the sync support to the Mac platform is an added plus. Good luck in your search for the perfect phone!

I bought this phone for my daughter over three and a half (31/2) years ago and never wrote a review until now(2014). This phone was bought the same time as the blackberry curve which I also bought for her sister who wanted the blackberry when the craze was going around..to make a long story short, the Nokia e71 outlasted the blackberry 3 to 1 ...the curve trackpad did not stand up to the use it was subjected to, the battery had to be replaced once and the housing just fell apart in less than two years. The Nokia on the other hand looks like new over three years now and the battery is still holding a charge over a day, believe it or not the only thing that had to be replaced  is the charger. Great phone altogether.

Ive used this E71 for three months now. Im over my initial high, so here are comments from after the honeymoon:1) keys are small; needs practice. better to type in one hand. it's like learning to use a typewriter for the first time, but youll get used to it in about three weeks of constant use. set aside the backup phone in the mean time. cant practice by instinct if you have a second phone, for that second number, with conventional keys. youll just be confused.2) leather case is badly thought of. awkward when you take the phone out. high probability to drop the phone when you pull it out in a hurry. dropped mine several times while driving... i know it's bad to do this but there you go.3) the red dot for the power button is weirdly misplaced. seems Nokia ran out of same-colored plastic while making this phone, then suddenly saw red plastic remnant from another model. weird but I LOVE IT. brings character to this model.4) there's a nifty autofocus feature. while in camera mode, press letter t. it substitutes for the half-press in digicams (why is this instruction not in the manual?)5) there's also a white balance option in the camera. amazing to have that shade option.6) signal seems to be fluctuating in this phone. I have a second phone, under the same network, which reads a stable high bar, while E71's reception is jumping from 1 bar to four wildly. (is this a hardware or software problem)7) no blackberry support. demmit, you two companies get your act together.8) great for internet browsing.9) i wish there is an indication somewhere to make sure that youre using wifi while surfing; not the expensive network.10) FANTASTIC battery juice.11) after charging from power off, do not power on immediately. seems to hang (coming from power off) that way.12) definitely reasonably priced13) when you open your appointment note and clicked again, does not automatically turn to edit note (unlike in the e51)14) should have had that separate ctrl key to have that full ctrl+v, ctrl+z, ctrl+x, full-keyboard experience.15) not much annoying lags. very responsive.16) i like very much that the screen turns off after some time to save power. just have to press middle button to see time or if there are any missed calls and messages.17) also do not turn on while charging. (coming from off). seems to hang.Great investment overall. But as you can glean, still has a big room for improvement... some of it just firmware-based perhaps.

This is the best phone out from Nokia as of today. Solid design, overall metal casing, good design and craftsmanship. The first ever smartphone or PDA that is not bulky. Buttons are easy to press even I have huge meaty fingerstip-type. camera is ok. OS is good which I wish its a windows mobile. The best of all is the free "Advance call manager" which works wonders against harassing dumb callers ;)

I have had this phone about 6 months, yet it was released back in 2008.  For an older phone in today's technology, it works very well on AT&T; 3G!  It is loaded with features, but you will have to be somewhat technical to take advantage and navigate them.  This is a phone for the business minded person.  To keep this review short and to the point, I have listed the Pro's and cons I have found using this phone:Pros:- Metal Case (phone housing) so it is very solid- Dual Screen Modes so different settings can be made for Personal or Business use- Fair number of utility applications and games are available at the Nokia OVI Store- GPS Directional/Navigation Map by OVI is FREE and it will run Google Maps as well including Google Latitude- Runs Opera Mini and Opera Mobile Web Browsers both on the Cell Data Network and WLAN/WiFi- Front Facing Camera as well so you can utilize FREE video chat services like Fring- Qwerty Keys are raised and rounded making it easy to text, even for my larger hands- Email Exchange available for syncing or its Nokia Messaging works well with GoogleMail and Hotmail with GoogaSync is available to keep email in constant sync- Excellent Screen ResolutionCons:- Not an Android or iPhone, so while their are applications available, they are not the latest and greatest- Not a touch screen- Smaller 2" screenSummary:This Phone is an older release, but it does the trick for my needs.  If you are not a person that wants the latest technology, this is a great and functional SmartPhone!

The resolution is not good enough. web surfing is slowing and hard to close the windows.

for 4 years I was strictly sony ericsson. All the way from the T68 to the K850i. My K850 was incredibly buggy so I decided to give the N95 a go and never looked back. After nearly a year, there were just aspects where the '95 didn't do things I'd like it to do, namely, extended text entry. So I figured why not give the full qwerty a chance. Again, never looking back. In terms of my mobile needs this phone meets and exceeds all of them. It's great for listening to music, however for extended sessions I do bring a dedicated music player. This thing gets a GPS lock lightning quick, my N95 would take upwards of a minute to two, while often times I blink and google maps has already located me. The camera... leaves much to be desired. However, I was never content with any of my previous phones (K790, K850, N95) which had incredibly impressive cameras for their time. I only rely on cameras in phones for the rare times where I want to capture something but haven't brought a camera with me, or one isn't allowed. In terms of actually talking on the phone, I try not to do that. Not because of any flaws, I just prefer cell phones for their features rather than the phone aspect. It's flawless, I've yet to have a dropped call, or reception problems. My only gripe is with S60, not the phone in particular, caller ID pictures are handled horridly. If you buy this phone, be sure to look into FS Caller Id (check google) for full screen caller ID images.

Bought it around mid-December and so far quite pleased with this "just right-sized", reliable and good-looking phone.  So far I am unable to get Internet access from my 802.11g wireless network at home as I use WPA.  However, it works well in an open, unsecured wireless network which is not desirable at all. I am not pleased with the quality of pictures with the camera though, maybe a carl-zeiss lens should have been included like in the cheaper nokia 5800 which takes out very good pictures.  I am also dissatisfied with the micro-usb connector since it is not standard.  Finally the phone did not come with a micro SD card which is a must for the price paid at amazon (US$290 at the time).Its sad that the SAR value is 1.33 W/Kg (but less than the the max of 1.6 W/Kg in the US) which is higher than that of the phone I replaced (Nokia 6120 Classic  SAR 1.22- ear & 1.13- body) but this is probably so since this phone is really made for more texting (a wireless keyboard can be used as well).Despite the above shortcomings however, I am pleased with it overall, especially the fact that it consists of highly polished and unscratchable metal, not cheap plastic like others.

El mejor producto que he tenido de Nokia, aun mejor que mi antiguo Blackberry 8700g.El nokia E71 me ha dejado sorprendido por sus amplia capacidad y velocidad. Wifi, GPS, Office, Mail, MSN, Jabber. UUffffsss una computadora super compacta.Si he decir que la camara no es muy buena, sin embargo, si deseo buenas fotos las tomo con mi camara digital.Muy recomendado.

I'm a little tech geek and I'm always out there looking for the underdogs. I heard about this E71, and after reading countless reviews, I purchased it. I used it for several months before I gave it away.The reason why I chose this phone was because I was looking for a blackberry alternative, something much more inexpensive, and this was my choice.The messaging, separate inboxes and outboxes get quite annoying because I find myself being unable to recall the last thing said/sent in a message. I have to scroll to and from each folder trying to figure it out, and going back again to understand the context from which I was speaking. The camera and video recording is quite good. However, the phone itself can be quite laggy, even with an 8 gig memory card inside. Music playing/searching can be quite awkward because you don't have an option to search for it, you have to scroll through and that can be time consuming. There are little modifications you can make to the homescreen or menu options, which can be a tad boring. The 'apps' or the market system they have for the phone is quite subpar. The quality of the images of the apps are not the best, but there are apps (to my surprise). The connection to wifi and such can be such a troublesome task, it took me a while to figure out and configure.  The featured free GPS didn't work for me, I don't know why. I could map myself, but that was it. The design of the phone is exceptional, I thought it was a beautiful piece. And given my small hands, I felt that it fit comfortably and was easy to use.  The keyboard can get some getting used to.  The programs that came with the phone can be found in almost any standard phone. I feel that this phone wasn't 'smart' enough for me. I feel that if you're looking for a decent phone that looks great, this is it. But if you're looking for a phone packed with much more, you're better off getting an android or something (which I did).

Great phone that I would wholeheartedly recommend to those looking for a stable, stylish, productivity oriented smartphone... except for the lack of firmware support from Nokia for the NAM versions of the phone. Nokia has failed to provide updates for these phones for at least the last two firmware updates, so take into consideration the fact that you will likely not be able to take advantage of firmware delivered stability, bug fix and feature improvements.

I must chime in and state that this is another solid performer from Nokia. I also have the Nokia N95, but wanted something with a qwerty keypad.  Like another reviewer, I really like to step out of the norm where phones are concerned. I tried the Blackberry 8320 and was disappointed (after being spoiled by the N95's GPS, VIDEO capabilites, 3G, browsing capabilites, etc.). So I sold the Curve and got the E71. This is an extremely impressive device. It is VERY user friendly, has a sleek yet sturdy design and is free of bugs and glitches others have experienced with many (dare I say) similiar devices. I like the Symbian OS and the available applications for this device are endless!I only have a 2GB micro in it, yet I have had no lag issues and it has not crashed or locked up on me. It is easy to customize and the switch features are GREAT!  I was able to completely transfer everything on my N95 to the E71 using the Swich feature in Tools and the Switch feature for business and personal use on the homescreen is VERY handy!Who needs a touchscreen when this phone is the trump card against ANY phone!

No doubt, this is a solid business phone. It is easy to use, quick, it can edit office docs (even 2007/2010), read pdfs, email, wifi...everything the mobile professional needs.Did I mention that the battery literally lasts forever? The batter is unbelievable, lasts at least two full business days (calling with bluetooth, syncing to desktop with bluetooth, surfing web, youtube, emailing, sms-ing etc) and it still has battery to spare! I really can't believe it. It even recharges the entire battery from 1 bar to full in less than an hour! Ridiculous.The build quality of the phone is as amazing as everyone has said. It feels solid in the hand, yet is much lighter and a bit smaller than I expected. Very *sleek* very chic, stainless steel...the phone is sexy. Really. Just based on looks alone I would by the phone again. They don't make phones like this any more. Period. This is the best constructed mobile. Period.However, it is not a 5-star because of some glaring inefficiencies in the OS and UI. While it is intuitive and easy to use, it certainly feels dated. Sometimes even too dated, though never outdated. I would keep this phone to my grave if it had as sleek an OS as its outside case design. THAT SAID, that's me comparing it to an iPhone or Android phone. Compared to pre-2010 Blackberry OS, Palm, or (shudders) Windows Mobile (6 and below), this OS is certainly tops. So, I really can't be too harsh. This is a business phone after all, and compared to other business phones, it is 5 star. But because of so many Andriods out there, you can't help but rate it lower, that is reality.I guess to summarize: if you need a phone that can do internet, tether internet to your laptop natively (that app is built-in), wifi, lasts more than 2 all days with Bluetooth and work, syncs with Outlook and/or Google, does business while looking ridiculously sexy, and can do some fun stuff on the side, and you don't mind a UI that reminds of you the mid 2000s, then this is the number one phone of all time. If you are looking of an Android or iPhone, go buy an EVO or Droid, cause this is a no-nonsense, get work done phone.

I'm a business man who own [...] in Honolulu Hawaii. Cell phone is very important for our business, I been looking for good smartphone meet the requirements for our business for a long time, this Nokia E71 is first smartphone we ordered. But I'm so disappointed. We Ordered this Nokia E71 on April 16, 2010, we return the phone to Amazon.com within one day, because this phone has lot defectives. You can't charge the phone with min-usb(it's bad for business person because you always need to carry Nokia charger with you), also all the SmartPhone has key lock button on the side, but this Nokia E71 don't have the key lock button, make it difficulty to use when the phone automatic locked the key after 1 minute. This phone also can't record conversation. All those defectives make this Nokia E71 useless for a lot business person.

I bought this phone 4 years ago and it still works great, i got it for 280 and now it is 240 so there has not been a significant price drop for it which is the only thing I can complain about.

One of the best smartphones on the market. The operating is a bit of a challenge to get used to if you've never used a Symbian phone before. If you're a fan of touchscreen phones then look elsewhere. Comes with QuickOffice installed (view Excel/Word/Powerpoint files natively on your phone while on the go).QWERTY keyboard is comfortable and has good key response even if you have large hands and digits like myself. Screen is not as high a resolution as some newer phones, but honestly, who wants to watch a full length movie or TV show on their phone anyway?You can change just about every setting on this phone and you can customize it with skins and themes that fit any style you like.Also, if you want to use this phone without a contract you can use a pay as you go plan from either of the two major providers with no data commitment. With the built in WiFi this is a great option.Skype works great and is of course free for computer to computer calls (sounds just like talking on the phone regularly). Although the speaker is a bit quiet so if you use the speakerphone much you might want to purchase an external speakerphone kit.Nokia Ovi online store has plenty of applications available for entertainment and business. It's certainly no Apple App Store of Android Market, but it's more than adequate for most application need.Overall, this is the best phone I've ever had and I plan on purchasing an E72 or the next device in the business phone series when this one gets long in the tooth.

This phone is awesome. came pretty fast with super saver shipping. the phone itself is great. its super sleek and sexy. slimmer than any other smartphone out there that ive seen. all my friends that have blackberry phones are mezmerized by the nokia e71 when i pull it out and ask to see it. i'm always receiving compliments on it. it is easy to use and battery life is good. its not cheaply made. the frame is solid and durable. the battery cover is securely attached and will not come off with the battery if you drop it. (has 2 latches on either side u have to press to release) so thats kinda cool too. (tho u shouldn't be dropping phones lol) my only gripe with this phone is that it does not have threaded messaging. However there is a program you can download called "conversations" that will thread your messages, however its still not up to par on that regard. but definitely not a deal breaker. one other area of concern is the camera. in low light situations the photo comes out grainy (tho it has a flash). however in bright light areas the pictures come out amazing. so i'm not sure if i got a lemon but its something i can live with regardless. the wifi conect is super easy too. calls sound clear. speaker is loud and clear. I got this phone for $230 which is not bad considering the cost of smartphones out of contract at the stores. so i would recommend this phone to anyone thinking of picking this up. treat yourself!

If you will like to be organized and to be conected anytime of the year this is the smartphone for you. The world it's in your hands now that you have the Nokia E71!

The camera doesn't work, it won't send pictures, and now it won't send text messages. This product was very disappointing. I took it to AT&T where I have my contract and they said it was the program on the phone. I can't use this phone now and I only had it two months. And it cost me 80$!!!

Really good cell phone! The menu is so user friendly (like all Nokias), all the functions that you most need are at the  touch of one botton. The only reason why i wont rate it 5 stars, is beacuse the battery dies to fast, i expected that at least it will last more that 2 days. Already turned off the Bluetooth and the WLAN scan but still the battery stands for a little longer than a day, i probably should check again the cell phone configurations. And the other problem that it presents is that: some times wehn batteri goes complitely off, and i charge the cell phone and start it, the screen stays black and it does not respond.

I was debating whether to get the E71 or E72. From reading various reviews the E72 offered a much faster processor but the E71 was almost $100 cheaper and the reviews were very good. So I decided to buy the E71 over the E72 and save some money.So far, I am very happy with the E71.  The interface is very user friendly and most of the features are easily usable.  I like the feature where you calendar entries for the day and reminders/memos etc are displayed on the main screen so you kind of see them every time you look at the phone serving as a reminder of things to get done for the day.I had a lot of issues initially with the GPS navigation but after doing some research online I figured it out.  Basically, I have not signed up for the data plan since I used a pre-paid T-mobile sim card in this phone. Initially it used to take ages (30 minutes plus) to get a satellite signal. Then I went through various settings and disabled the positioning based on AGPS (which requires a data plan) and Blue Tooth leaving only the GPS and Network items checked. Now the phone picks up GPS signals in a few mins. I guess since I had the AGPS checked of, it was trying to position itself by connecting to the GPRS network of T-mobile. The software needs to be made smarter to give up after trying a couple of times and use just the internal GPS receiver for tracking the position.  Now that I have only GPS and Network based positioning enabled, it is working just fine. I have compared the directions given by Nokia OVI maps with the built-in GPS in my Honda Pilot and a Garmin unit and the directions are generally the same in all units. I have been using the GPS feature in this phone to navigate around New Jersey and it works fine. The other beauty of this navigation is that maps are free so if you plan to take a weekend trip to France, you can just download the maps for France and delete them after your trip. You need to install the Nokia OVI suite to download the maps. And when you are installing the maps to your phone better to connect with the USB cable than through blue tooth as it will take much longer to transfer map files through blue tooth connection.The calendar/reminder/memo feature is very easy to use. The thing that I noticed though was Nokia OVI suite doesn't have a build in calendar like the Nokia PC suite, I have in my older laptop. Hence you cannot view your calendar on your PC unless you have Microsoft Outlook installed.Overall, I am very happy with the phone. The Otter Box sleve that I ordered with the phone fits perfectly as well. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who wants a smart phone.

I bought this phone as my first smart phone ever. I love it! To say the least. I almost bought and iPhone but wasn't diggin' the DRM double lock-in to AT&T; and apple.I will just bullet list all the pros and cons:pros:1) Slim. Slimmer than the iPhone2) Incredible battery life. 20 DAYS standby!3) Incredible bluetooth support including A2DP (stereo audio), bluetooth printer (photos?), and bluetooth keyboard. As well as DUN/ AVRP etc..4) FM radio is cool.5) NO LOCK IN! Means, I just inserted my SIM and now I pay only $15/month for data6) Very customizable (all the buttons can be remapped to do almost anything)7) Supports Java.8) Great call quality.9) Keyboard is easy to work with10) Supports SIP (You can receive company phone calls directly)Cons (and this is why it isn't 5*****)1) Subtle annoyances in the UI (text messaging in particular)2) The menu system is too complex.2) No Corporate/Exchange email support. Licensing issues and such. Don't expect your help desk to help.3) Can't work directly from your SIM4) FM Radio REQUIRES you to have a wired headset plugged in.5) Does not charge with USB (interface is the old USB 1.1). Even my 5 year old razr did that.6) No auto-sense for data connection to prefer wifi to 3g. No "stop asking me to connect all the time!" configuration.

I love this phone, now I can't imagine my life with out it. Now I know why Nokia E71 won the award as the best smartphone in the market!!! It's like having a computer with you all the time, Nokia rocks! Super fast shipping. I can't really complain! =)

My husband used this phone for a little a year. It started having problems overheating and shutting off. It eventually caught fire while in his hand (grateful it wasn't in his pocket!!) It wasn't the battery, but something behind the camera that caught fire as the camera area is now badly burned and the phone will not work. Bad thing is, he is out of the warranty period now.  He liked it ok before it caught fire. If yours starts overheating, discontinue use before something bad happens!

I just LOVE it! I'm not going to write a super extensive review as other people has.Let me tell you I spent around 3 weeks checking out other devices and I saw this one as a very strong option.Nokia doesn't have the reputation a blackberry has when it comes to smartphones, so I read all the reviews that you may find out there about this phone and it's true what they say: it's so easy to fall in love with this phone in so little time. My brother saw mine and he bought himself another within a week.As for the hardware, I can't ask for more. Solid device! and the metal finish makes it look very professional and has impressed several of my friends so far. It doesn't look cheap at all.It can do pretty much anything you usually need. GPS is great. Web browsing with Opera Mini is great. Google Maps works amazing. Sports Tracker lets you go out for a run and track time, speed, altitude, route, etc.For texting of course, this is a great device. I rarely miss type something.The only reason I'm giving this phone 4/5 stars is because its vibration is not that strong. You can barely tell it's vibrating. If you depend on vibration only (no sound) then this may not be the phone for you. The ringtone volume may be set to ascending as a workaround, which I like actually.Yes, it works as phone too. Voice is loud and clear, just as you may expect from a Nokia!I don't think you'll regret buying this device. Amazing!If you're not in the whole touchscreen stuff and you need a phone that is not that "sensitive" or prone to be broken, then this is phone for you.ps.After reading a couple of reviews, go with E71 instead of E71x.

I am using this phone for more than an year now, i have not faced any issues with this phone so far. Battery is good, you can use it for one and half day continuously. Options are good and it is very user friendly to operate, only issue i am facing with this is like when ever you are confusing it (like pressing call button and cancel it and again pressing call button within fraction of seconds) the phone gets hanged for few seconds other than this i don't have any issue with this phone.

I bought the E71x - ATT version (lots of excess bloat ware - removable via 3rd party apps).  Awesome phone.  Excellent build quality, ergonomics are very good, capability is excellent, love the GPS.  I use it to read multiple blogs and Gmail, as well as an e-book reader.  Has multiple types of tethering, including ability to act as a mobile Wi-Fi hotspot for laptops!  Good web browsing, good phone, excellent calendar.  Takes a bit of time to customize everything and create shortcuts, but then it works the way I do.  Love the easily replaceable battery.

I'm a long time E series user specially the qwerty keyboard type (ie. E61, E61i) and now E71.  Why do I keep coming back? well in my day to day life I work in an enterprise class environment and the complete range of features offered by the Symbian OS, the processing power of this type of phones and expandable memory allow me to make my life easier from connecting remotely via VPN to my workplace over Edge to redirecting calls via VoIP wherever in the world I'm in.This phone is truly a lifesaver and a great tool/gadget for my day to day activities, and talk about the sexyness factor sure it's a geek phone but come on the redesigned look of the E71 is definitely an eye catcher, when compared to other enterprise class phones such as the previous E series and even the blackberry.The bug count in the current firmware version is somewhat minimal but I recommend definetly doing a quick reset on it every couple of days, Nokia is bound to release a new firmware version soon to address this small bugs so hang tight there and keep checking your favorite blogs for more info on this phone.[...]

Don't get me wrong it is a good phone with great reception, but it is very out dated. I wish Nokia would get serious about making a great smartphone platform.

From a hardware perspective, this phone is very well made.  It looks nice, is very solid, and call quality is better than any other phone I've used.  Unfortunately, the operating system is awful.  Every task with this phone (adding a Bluetooth device, storing email on the media card, adding music, etc.) begins with a trip to the owners manual and ends in frustration.  I have had this phone for 6 months and will be trading it for a blackberry.

I use this phone primarily to make phone calls also as music player (in the car) and GPS guidance in the US and Europe. Why the one star deduction? Because it does not have a critical (for me) telephony code "n" which would allow me to append a number at the end of a string so that I can make phone calls to Europe without entering telephone numbers twice. For example, assume I am in Greece and want make a call to a hospital I would dial 2132077000. If I am in the US and want to call this number using my calling card because it cost only 2c a minute I would call a number which has the format: xxx-xxx-xxxx-"p"-PIN#-"n" (where xxx-xxx-xxxx is the calling card access number, "p" is the telephony code for pause which pause for a few seconds so that the previous string of characters have been dialed before the phone continues dialing automatically the PIN# and when it reaches at the "n" code the phone asks you to enter a number. In this step you can enter a number manually or select one from the phone book (in this case the hospital number above) to complete the dialing process. This telephone does not have the "n" telephony code which means that for some people like me that make many and frequent calls to other countries the phone book will be filled quickly because it will require two telephone entries but it is also tedious and time consuming. My old MOTO__LA phones had this functionality.

My wife and I have had Nokia phones for the last 10 years. We have been very pleased. On 2009 we bought the N71 model. Great phone, very reliable, easy to use, sturdy, and an excellent all around phone. Because my phone had suffered a lot of abuse during the yeas, and after giving a lot of thought to it, we decided to order to new N71 phones, as we were so happy with the ones we had.The mistake: Buying this old (produced in 2009) phones as if they were new. Since day 1 my phone presented problems with the Bluetooth. After 1 week, the phone lost the ability to recognize the service provider. I changed SIMs with my old phone, and it was working, installed it in my wife's new phone, it was working, installed it in my new phone, a no service message will be shown.We thought that maybe I had bad luck and I had gotten a lemon.On my wife's phone, which we had chance to try, the software was very different than the one provided in the normal N71 (N71x was produced for AT&T;, and some functions were limited, some wireless capabilities were blocked, and all the software was limited to those apps approved by AT&T.; Not good). If you liked the Nokia mail app, sorry, can't use it with this phone. Want to use the AT&T; mail service? No can't do, it's no longer available. This is what you will find all the time with this phone. Things don't work, they are no longer available, or their capabilities are limited.Make yourself a favor and look for a more recent phone.We are now iPhone users.

I am a heavy cell phone user.I use all the features, including audio streaming, Bluetooth, wi-fi, e-mail ( personal and professional ), take photos, make movies, and so on.Also, I read Word, Excel and Power Point documents on the go!And the Nokia E71 works fine in all situations!

Very reliable. Very user friendly , you can download skyfire and watch video with flash. The middle button works like a mouse and the ovi maps work great.It comes in handy when you are somewhere and you don't have a gps. It will give you a sense of security. There is nothing on the market that has that much function and still made out of stainless steel and its super thin. Only bad thing is that it doesn't have touchscreen, but oh well for what it is its a great phone. I recommend this phone.

I was a little skeptical in ordering this because of some of the faults people have described here and other places.  I am pleased to say that mine does not suffer from any of the bad things described, e.g. doesn't hold 3G signal very well, drops calls, and cramped keypad.  Mine is a signal hog and not a single call dropped.  Keypad is samller than other phones but this one is more than sufficient and has great tactile feedback.

I need a calendar that happens to have a phone attached to it.  Everything else is just for fun.  The Nokia E71 is full of fun.  Great features--camera, wi-fi, easy texting, etc.  One feature that I love is the ability to set up a work profile and a personal profile--keeping those pesky work contacts at bay with a click on an icon.  No regrets purchasing this phone.

Overall this si a great cell phone. A few minor details are bothersome to me - perhaps not to others -1- The battery runs put rather fast2- If you are not familiar with the phone is hard to get to some "cool" features such as voice3- The turn off of the phone is hard to press downStill I am happy with it!

it looks great. hard to say whether it works well , cuz it has been stolen

Excellent product.For an unlocked phone, the GPS should already have been available. Had to get an image off the web to enable it.

the product is cute. tiny, very tiny im not satisfied with the looks of the screen. very good though it has all the nice app inside and you can download. you can connect to internet on your laptop from it. it has pdf reader that i love. internet radio that i love. it works pretty sweet. but maybe i just got used to on touched screen, wide screen. and it the screen does not satisfied me at all..it's a sexy phone over all. but can get other nokia on the same price that has wider screen and works the same. the keypad is too tiny that even i got tiny hand i always ended up clicking the wrong key and letters. i dont like on how it always ask me for my wifi password and it create bunch of wifi name, like wifi1, wifi2, or it even reached wifi10 whenever i try to connect.i it ended up on the same box. pretty much i wasted my time. cause now i need to return it and wait for my refund so i can order other phone.im going to try nokia c6.. but im getting impatient now that i need to ship it back and wait for my refund.so this is a cute phone. if you are not used to on the wide screen.im a big nokia fan though. i feel sad that i needed to give my 5800 to a friend. cause that phone is from philippines and it can by pass a lot of security features of every to go phone here in US. that i had a free unlimited line for 5 months...

I have had several phones over the years.  The last few being, the iPhone (stolen whilst I slept on the subway!!), 8525 (or the slide) and a blackberry.  Although, I have to say I did like the touch screen of the iPhone, I found I am not missing it as much as I thought.  The iPhone didn't have copy, cut and paste, which although the E71 does, it's not as flexible as Blackberry.I am a business user, so I have connected my E71 to my companies GoodLinks account, which provides me with instant access to my works outlook email, along with customizable RSS feeds, notebook, contacts etc.For the gadget lover, there is a barcode scanner program built in, although I have played around testing it out, I haven't had it match anything yet.  From what I know, you can scan items and then see other places where you can get it cheaper etc.  There is a feature that will have your E71 read out you emails and texts to you with a choice of male or female voices, could be a nice feature if you multi task, but for me, it hasn't really been needed (except to show my friends with iPhones, that my phone is better...lol) It also has MP3 player and Video to name a few.Connection is fast, it has 3.5G I am with At&t; and although, they are OK, they are not normally the best for coverage here in NY, but this phone holds the signal well.The camera is a little disappointing.  It has a reddish tint to it.  I am unsure if it is just my phone, and I don't know anyone with an E71 to compare.  There are plenty of features for the camera, color mix (yes, I tried to adjust, so as to compensate), flash, B&W;/Sepia etc If anyone has a way to correct this, contact me at ttStone.com/contact/I found the GPS to be fairly accurate, although I remember the iPhone being near perfect.  The volume and sound quality on this phone is the best I have heard.  I can play some MP3's and my colleagues can hear clearly the music that is being played 40 feet away (it's not a busy office, but hey, that was way better than my previous phones)The construction is awesome, real metal back (looked like carbon effect in pics, but this isn't so) looks great though.  The protective screen finally came off 2 weeks ago, I didn't replace, but not a single scratch from being in my pocket.To put it simply, this is not an iPhone, it is a business phone.  It has items that would get any iPhone child going nuts for, but Nokia chose not to highlight them, which is wise, as this really is for the more sophisticated business user or the person that needs quality and effectiveness, rather than balloons and whistles.O yeah, I installed Skype on there (and it works!  A little slow, and no video, but...it works)[...]

Love my NokiaE71. Does everything I ask for and more. Like the fact that I can download podcasts, carry lot's of music and audio books by adding the MicroSD. Haven't tried the camera yet. Too busy trying to find out what else I can do with this phone. Wi-Fi works great and was easy to setup with my home network. Can even print from my phone.Wasn't to happy with the fact that I have to pay monthly/year for GPS map subcription but it does work fine. E-mail works ok. Does'nt always download at regular intervals.  Windows live was suppose to be available on the phone but can't seem to find it or get an answer from Nokia support. Over all great phone.  P.S. My wife has one and loves it. Works great with the bluetooh headphones while she walking or working out in the gym.

The phone is difficult to operate and the customer support is the worst I have ever found.  The phone manual leaves a lot to be desired.

I bought this phone from Amazon.com. This is an AT&T phone with Logo on the phone. It is not a truly unlocked phone. The SIM restriction has been removed. You will be able to make and receive phone calls with most sim cards. You will not be able to send or receive txt, mms, email, use data, no gps, no internet, wifi becomes unusable. Had to return this item. You can buy a featureless, sim unrestricted phone for $15-$20 in Amazon.com or online auction sites. Very disappointed.

It was the best phone I had until I got an upgrade. It was like fine art and worked very well. Wish I still had it.

The camera is awful and the quality of the image is THE WORST. Even the $10 camera available in wal-mart is much better than this. Even the web browser and the other features are not good.Overall not up to the expectations.

I purchased this for my brother, who was serving in Afghanistan, after his old phone started malfunctioning. After some initial trouble, he got it set up on the Roshan network. He claimed the signal was slightly better than the iPaq it replaced, and the battery life was phenomenal with the standard battery (though I sent him an extended battery as well), frequently lasting a week or longer with moderate cell and data usage. It held up well to the dusty environment, and to the abuse I'm certain it endured. Call quality was always good on the receiving end.

I've been a die hard Nokia user. I've owned several N-Series devices, as well as basic handsets, and once again the E71 has amazed me. This is my first E-Series Nokia phone, and I can assure you it won't be the last. I know the E72 has been out for a while, but there have been some major issues around it, so that is why I chose to purchase the E71. First of all, Symbian is so easy to use, and especially on this phone. The short cut keys for contacts, calender, messaging, makes everything so simple.Battery wise, it last up to 3 days with medium to heavy use. This is on par with my N95 8gb and N97, further proof that S60 offers teh best battery life of all mobile OS's. Overall it's a great phone and is reasonable priced.

This phone is possibly the best smartphone available right now (December 2008).  I've had windows mobile, palm and blackberry phones in the past to compare this to.Very thin, sturdy (all metal casing) it feels solid in your hand, professional and sleek.  Screen is good, keyboard better than most, camera, GPS, email....it essentially has it all.  "Mail for exchange" software works flawlessly for "work" push email and calendar syncing.  Battery life is outstanding (two days on one charge with moderate to heavy use...which is as good as it gets).Nokia makes everything customizable with many shortcuts available to get to all functions.  Really a great thing about Nokias in general and this one is no different.  Short press the dedicated calendar key (like on a Palm) for the calendar, long press for a new calendar entry.  4 dedicated keys for these types of things (calendar, messaging, contacts and a home key) and 6 on screen shortcuts, plus two more soft key shortcuts and even some keyboard long press shortcuts on top of that.  That means one click access to just about everything you would want to do with the phone.OS crashes less than windows mobile, though not as good as blackberry (simply turn off / on to get back to normal - this happens once every two weeks or so if you use it heavily).  There are many app's available for download.  Camera is good in good light, video quality is surprisingly good (even in bad light).  GPS works great (download google maps).This is the best smartphone that I have ever owned and as good as any smartphone available on the market right now in terms of build quality, battery, features and certainly in terms of looks (slimmer than the iPhone 3G and as I said before - it is made out of metal).  The metal gives the phone a certain gravitas, a certain feeling of quality that it generally not available in phones.  It feels like a well made tool, it just feels good in your hand.Get a blackberry if you mostly just need email and don't care as much about multi media and games and the like.Get an iPhone if you mostly want multi media and the like and not so much email.Get this phone if you are in the middle (though it handles email and calendar syncing about 95% as good as a blackberry - I use it heavily for work email and have no complaints).

Very good phone for the business type of person. I have it for 3 weeks now, and it has just been awesome.Doesn't hang, doesn't operate slow ( in my opinion) I can view youtube video's on high quality.(Not that I do it frequently)The keyboard is indeed a little bit crappy, but I'm not a chatter so I only use it to quickly answer e-mails and short messages. Battery life works good, Audio is good...camera quality is good.anyway, everything is good. It's a very slim phone, nice design, very light....I don't even know when it's in my pocket (untill it starts ringing and/or vibrate)The back of the cover leaves finger prints, but it's not that bad. You barely see it, or pay attention to it. ( at least in my case)But I don't think the phone is for someone who thinks to be 24/7 in a phone, watching video's chatting and stuff.I barely use the chat application in it, cause I'm simply not a chatter.It's very handy if you're looking for a reasonable price business phone....

All things considered - if you want an affordable smartphone, this is the one. The hardware looks great, the Symbian graphical interface is a bit old looking - but that can be mended with easily downloadable skins.You are not going to get endless cool add on apps like with the i-phone - however, if you are looking for a QWERTY keyboard, non-touch screen interface (keywords again being: affordable, all rounder) - buy this. No regrets.

I do not like this phone difficult to use and the small text hard to read, it may have benifits that are good, but overall,,,,,,,,,,NO THANKS!

This is an all-around amazing phone, from feature set to call quality.While the E71 doesn't have the amazing UI of the iPhone, if you like Symbian/S60 (which was designed for one-hand use), a real keyboard, and excellent battery life, this is your phone.My only complaint is the mail app, but Nokia's working on a subscription-based push email service (beta is available now) that looks good so far.One bonus of the E71 that you don't get with the iPhone -- you can tether it to your computer using Bluetooth or WiFi (via Joiku) to get 3G internet speeds on your PC.I *highly* recommend this phone for business and/or power users who need to be productive on their phone no matter their location.Side note: I have no idea what the other reviewer it talking about in terms of speed -- both GPS and network/web access are terrific on the E71.

First a little background - I bought this Nokia E71-2 from Amazon after a  not so positive experience using Apple iPhone (first generation) and Blackberry Bold. I needed an all purpose phone for use in corporate (read that as Microsoft Exchange) environment.While I found the iPhone to be otherwise great, I had some major issues with it - Lack of real Keyboard  just does not work well for lots of email/sms typing. Next the Exchange support was too late, too little (Exchange Account did not work for me ever and Calendar/Reminders was a problem when using Exchange over IMAP), Battery life was unbearably bad, and lastly the iPhone did not support Bluetooth stereo headphones.So I tried Blackberry Bold - only to find out that the browser on it was not anywhere near as good as the iPhone but the real problem was that it needed a BlackBerry Data plan before it could do anything - no mails, no Internet even when connected to Wi-Fi - and my corporate data plan does not include BlackBerry Data Plan - Bummer!Enter Nokia E71 - I am happy to report it has solved all my problems. The browser on this phone is based on the same WebKit engine that Apple uses in Mobile Safari. I found website compatibility to be excellent. Most importantly however, it comes with Flash! Most flash sites work well - but not all, as this is  a Flash lite version. There is also a Youtube client freely available that works amazingly well.Battery life on this phone is really great compared to the iPhone or any other smart phone - I can easily get through a heavy-use day (3G calling, Some music over bluetooth, Always on Exchange Sync) and even go for another day with lighter use.If you use Exchange for email - you will find the E71 does Exchange very well. Setup was very straight forward, I could customize the sync schedule to be always on during working hours and every 1 hour off-peak. The newest version of the Nokia Mail for Exchange Application is very stable and functional. It includes a Company Directory Client which lets you quickly search for your colleagues to find their email/phone information. Meeting reminders work very well - Exchange server calendar is synced to your phone and so all your meeting reminders are available right on the home screen - very convenient. It also supports regular GMail over IMAP.The real keyboard on this thin little phone is very usable - you almost want to keep typing!  I rarely mistype. There is auto completion which works OK for most part and is actually useful.Call quality is great - very rarely I had dropped calls, but they were due to "Network Busy" errors on AT&T;'s part and happened after  2 hours of talk - so I can't really blame the phone for it.Media - The phone continues to do great on this front. I was able to pop in my 4Gb micro SD card to make enough space for all my music and podcasts. It plays MP3s/AAC and most other routinely used formats. All of your music is available automatically for setting as ring tones or other tones (reminders/alarm etc.). It has a very functional Podcast client built-in - I was able to subscribe to all of my favorite podcasts and it automatically updated/downloaded the episodes as and when they became available.  Stereo bluetooth support is great - it allows to listen to music or podcasts while driving or while in the Gym. This was the only phone that played lots of music over bluetooth without crashing.The camera on this phone is 3.2MP and so it produces better quality pictures but I found a blue hue on the pictures initially - that was fixed with the latest software update from Nokia and now the pictures are great.Speaking of which - if you buy one, do yourself a favor and download the Nokia PC Suite Application (Windows only -works with Vista/x64) and run the phone software update before using the phone. This way you will get all the bug fixes and enhancements for the Phone without losing any data or setup.  This is one area I wish Nokia improved - the upgrade process does not automatically preserve your data/settings/applications that are on your phone (as opposed to on the MicroSD card) - it should just put your phone back where it was before the upgrade and do it all automatically.Lastly the GPS - it works well. It was able to connect to the satellites and determine my position even indoors!  Download the Google Maps application for free and you have a very usable GPS.If you are OK with having this phone locked down to AT&T; network for a 2yr contract - I have heard that AT&T; is bringing a later version of this phone for under $100 - so keep an eye.

This is a very nice phone, at a good price, with excelent features, I like it to much, at this moment I have no problems with it.

This is one of the best cell phones on market these days..I used to use a blackberry bold and this E71 is much better and is even much less expensive..this is a great phone that I recommend to everybody thinking of renewing their phone.

This is the first Nokia Phone I owned and I am I love with it.  It has the same features as the blackberry and cheaper. I live in the caribbean and yes the phone works here and it comes unlock all u have to do is place your chip in the slot and go no worries. The nokia E71 is easy and simple to understand.

I love how you can change the themes which many of my friends with blackberry envy. In addition, the ability to change the main menu to fit what I use most is definitely convenient. Although I do not use both modes of the phone, I can imagine that this can be very useful for those that wants to organize their personal life from the business usage. One of the things that I do not like about this phone is the fact that I cannot mass delete text messages. I have to delete it personally one by one. Otherwise, the phone continues to store texts. The camera is not that great with the flash. Overall, I am very satisfied with this phone especially with the applications that I can download. Regardless that this is not the newest model, this phone has bought my heart.

I ordered this for my wife who wanted  a full keyboard on her phone as opposed to the virtual keyboard I have on my iphone. I read the stellar reviews and frankly, they are all accurate. The device is absolutely beautiful to look at and amazingly compact. Setup is super easy. Just pop in your sim card and follow the wizard commands. I had email set up with AOL, the internet working on 3G and Wifi, and all my wife's contacts copied off the Sim card in under 20 minutes. I am not kidding. Make sure you have a basic, unlimitted data plan on board. The operating system (Symbian) is superb and is a cross between windows functionality and a the ease of a palm based system. I still love my iphone but this thing does stuff (video phone, for example) that the iphone does not do. It is absolutely superior to the blackberry bold and the high end samsung devices. Nokia has a real winner and I can see why this phone is so popular overseas.

the phone looks cool.  the key pad is too small and don't know how to dial english character.  my ringtones play at the music player.  i can't delete nokia ringtones.  it is locked. i like windows mobile better.  wrong choice to buy nokia product.

All has been well ever since I start to use it. good phone for the price, can be compared with any, even though I have not used all the features, I know it has many more, beyond my reach!!!No hesitation in recommending it to anyone.

I ordered this product based on the qualities advertised by Amazon.com. I was very highly disappointed by its performance. This may be due to the fact that I have previously used two very good products: Treo and Nokia 93i. My search was for a phone with 3G.Providers in Nigeria have not been able to see this feature in E 71, despite use of 3G sim cards. Internet connection is slow, compared to even Nokia 93i.I have gone back to my Nokia 93i, looking for takers for E71.

ESTE CELULAR ME PERMITE ESTAR CONECTADO EN TODO MOMENTO, CON MI FAMILY Y AMIGOS.....EXCELENTE COMPRA

This phone is an encredible piece of engineering.  its so small, solid and slim.  the OS is lightening fast with ZERO lag or delay.  the GPS gets a full satellite lock in 15 seconds every single time.  Garmin runs fantastic.  the symbian OS is super stable.  the keypad has perfect tactile feedback and i can type one handed on this qwerty phone.one of the reviews on here didnt mention the e71 ONCE.  it talked about his old e62 and how he didnt like it, and somehow that was relevant to the e71.  not one mention of the e71.  so yeah, maybe those type of people who have no analytical skills should be pre-screened before being allowed to write a review or interact with the rest of civilization.i highly recommend this phone!  its better than the BB Bold hands down, unless you need the BB email.  otherwise, the e71 is the better choice.  much smaller, s60 web browser is the best on the market, period, and the s60 OS is mature and stable and has tons of applications.  nokia hit a home run with this phone.

I had this phone for about a month. The first couple of weeks were wonderful with it until it started to freeze on me. When it would freeze I would end up having to remove the battery. After I tried to start the phone back up I would get a blank screen for about 20-30 minutes until it would come on. When it finally came back on it would show an error message. I really enjoyed this phone up to this point. The navigation on it was ok. It was sad to see this phone had to go though. I ended up returning the item and getting a Blackberry Curve. The good part about this phone was the 3G capability but I am willing to sacrifice that for a phone that wont freeze on me when I go select programs, remove the media card, or send an email. The phone overall had some great ideas to it but it lacked the engineering within.The phone was also a finger print magnet. The buttons were really close together so I would accidentally hit other buttons when I was typing. The ability to navigate with the thumbpad was a little annoying compared to the ball on the Blackberry Curve. Kudos for the design but fooey on the software engineering. I wish it would have been a little better because I would have kept it.

I have both the blackberry bold and e71. I will compare the major advantages of both:e71:- the battery life is double- doesn't have push email but downloaded program "seven" which works- keyboard easier to type on- seems less complicated- thin and lightblackberry bold:- push email is bestI just bought an unlocked second e71 rather than another bold.  The e75 isn't out yet but the form factor looks interesting.

I've nothing but niceties about this phone. The 5 stars are for the phone.BUT and its a big BUT Nokia does not seem keen to release firmware updates for this version. The European version and the other NA version have had several software updates available, but not this one (product code 0569371). The support gets 0 stars.I've always been a fan of Nokia phones, but this is not acceptable at all! Search online for 0569371 and decide if what you find matters to you.

......is not sold as advertised.  This phone is not Unlocked in that sense we are all familiar with.  The phone contains a ridiculous amount of AT&T;'s stuff (I'm with Tmobile).  The stuff is embedded everywhere, even in the internet connection settings, proxies, etc.  You get errors with almost everything.  Yes, there are ways you can reconfigure for t-mobile but why go through all of that?  The camera is acceptable in good lighting and close proximity but the flash is weak, total darkness. What kills this phone for me are no 3.5mm hole for my headset and the inability (as far as I know) to select multiple texts, pictures, etc for deletion.  You have to press backspace and confirm delete, the most annoying procedure ever.I regret the purchase, but will keep the phone for 2 reasons......the MP3 player is solid and the phone's hardware and looks are admirable.  This phone is only worthy of 1 star.  Too bad, because I love candybar Qwerties.

I purchased this a few weeks ago and its very easy to use. No problems so far. Has all the features needed.

El Nokia E-71 es un excelente equipo, aporta una amplia gama de recursos y aplicaciones que permiten desde un rapida navegaci&oacute;n hasta la edici&oacute;n de documentos, haciendo del equipo una herramienta de trabajo insuperable.

I'm very glad I decided to pruchase this phone, easy to set up, cool features and amazing look. I have just insert my gsm sim into the slot, charged the batery and it was ready to go.setup my email was very easy as well as the text messaging feature.It is a good choice if you are looking for a confortable, easy to use and affortable phone.Delivery of teh product was fast. Excellent purchase.

I found this phone to be a sturdy, sleek, nice looking phone.  I was swayed by the reviews on this phone, and most of them were right.  I really like this phone.  It is very thin but did not feel like it was cheaply made.  What I didnt like, was the key pad is kind of awkward.  Also, the power button is really hard to push.  What really bummed me out was that this phone does not work with Verizon so unfortunately, I'm going to have to return it.

very happy with it, it has gps, the camera takes pics and video, the contacts are easy to be managed. I gave up on a palm 650 for this smartphone

I bought this phone because "is a nokia, is a good Cellphone" when I received this phone, on the top of the front mask have a little open. then I insert a micro SD and the phone no work properly, when I press on the top of front mask phone display "REMOVE MEMORY CARD AND PRESS OK"I lost maybe ten o more pictures take with the camera, the phone erase it.I NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE.

I've had the BlackBerry Curve, switched to iPhone, then tried out the Storm (which is the worst BB ever made in my opinion), then switched back to my iPhone.  I needed a QWERTY phone and I think this one is a good compromise between Cupertino and Ontario, good in many but still short of some.Map app is better than Blackberry. Directions are turn-by-turn in 3D or 2D, and other modes with voice guidance (7 days only). Absence of US POIs. You can't even search "Universal Studios Hollywood".  You can search a POI in Google Maps and enter address in Nokia Maps to get a 3D turn-by-turn direction.Nokia (Ovi) app store will launch soon. You currently can access free apps, themes, ringtones, wallpapers, etc on Nokia Beta Labs, S60.com, Nokia Mosh, and many forums and blogs.Great metal design, feels like a fine piece of gadget, which it is indeed. Small enough to really look like a phone, thin but substantial in the hands, and formal yet sleek look. QWERTY pad is responsive, very good sized one and very fun to use (trust me, it is way better than my ex BB Curve 8330's QWERTY pad which I always seemed to use my nails on that one instead of fingers).Good native internet browser.  Even better than BB Storm's.  Another browser, the Skyfire works great on the Nokia E71 (Skyfire runs only on Symbian and WM).  It is way better than Opera Mini (on BlackBerry).  Flash player and flash content works great.  With Skyfire, you can display desktop version of websites, unlike Opera Mini on BlackBerry which will always display mobile content.The email functionality is poorly designed, in my opinion (the BlackBerry is still the king).  You can have push email through Nokia Messaging Service (IMAP only, I can't figure out how to use POP3).  Native email client will only "push/auto-notify" you of new email(s), but will not download the email itself, instead it will download an email only when you select or decide to download it.  One by one in fact.  Both clients are not capable of displaying HTML content within the email's body.  Will have to download the attachment or link and displayed in a browser.  The entire email functionality needs some time to be appreciated.  In fact, because of some email functionality issues, its release on AT&T; has been rumored in blogs and forum to have been pushed back towards end of May 09.  Newer BlackBerries, Palm Pre, and iPhone 3.0 will likely take the stage by that time.Email filters are non existent especially if you use Mail for Exchange.  You can't block internal office spam, ERP/server-generated responses, and annoying co-workers.  Neither the native email client nor the Nokia Messaging client provide filtering for MS Exchange emails.Multi-tasking is great on this phone. I can listen to internet radio, browse the web for a restaurant, search in Google Maps, type direction in Nokia Maps, open a PDF file to read something, and switch back to internet radio to change station and do all these without exiting an app, and the radio is still playing.Internet radio is a good substitute for lack of Pandora or Slacker app.  However, the phone jack is not standard. You can't plug it into your car's mp3 jack like you normally do on your ipod, iphone and blackberry. You won't find any third-party adapter either. You are stuck with cheap ear piece which you can't replace with a premium one either.  Weird.You can sync your Google Contacts.Limited support (stingy software updates) from Nokia for US version.  Either they think their phone is superior or they are not listening to customer feedbacks.Fast 3G/3.5G (depending on your location though) but will work only on AT&T.;  It will work with T-Mobile on voice but not sure on the data side as T-Mo operates on 1700 whereas this phone operates on AT&T; 3G's 1900 spectrum.Has Wi-fi and GPS.  I'm not sure if you can tether and how you're going to billed for that.  I've heard from several people able to do this but have not tried it.Cheaper plan than iPhone and Blackberry.  My plan is $30 unlimited data and unlimited messaging.  I used to pay extra for the messaging/SMS on the iPhone and BlackBerry, but messaging is bundled to this specific phone's data plan and unlimited :).

The entire phone is great, everything is proportionate and sort of just works well together, did I mention this thing is thin? The E71 and it looks very sharp and easy on the eyes. Screen real estate isn't a problem at all, there's a decent amount of contrast when looking at media, and you'll especially appreciate the screen during some heavy web browsing. It seems louder than the E61 and it's pretty clear for ringtones and alert sounds. Music sounds fine on it, but it's not perfect. Bass is seriously lacking and you do get a "tinny" sort of sound. It is very, very loud, though, so you can be sure that alarm is going to get you out of bed in the morning. The messaging application had a little bit of a visual makeover, and it's for the better. Text is extremely readable and emails look good. If there is one negative to the E71 it's the keyboard, just a lot smaller. They're also not as squishy which is nice, and they're pretty easy to press once you get it down. Nokia and call quality go together like ham and burger. Kool-Aid and sugar, the E71 doesn't disappoint.

I got this phone looking at so many good reviews. Phone looked good and solid with ton of features. Here are the issues the phone has1. Sucky interface- Interface is very non intuitive. You would be looking at manual a year after you start using. I believe that a phone with good interface should be very intuitive or in other words one should be able to do 70-80% of stuff with out looking at manual.2. Not many app's available for symbian OS.3. 2.5 mm jack for headphone. You would be hard to find headphone for it.4. Manual is confusing.5. It took hours to get blue tooth work with it.

i am pleased with the nokia e71 i did not have any problems with it yet its working like a dream.

A great phone packed with features at an amazing price with Nokia build quality. How can you go wrong with that? I used a htc tytn before and had issues with the phone so when it was time to replace, I decided to try the Nokia because of the feature set and price.The good:1) Great feature set in a (relatively) small and light form factor.2) Ability to read you your txt messages and contact names when they call is very cool.3) Lots of software available for the platform (check out Nimbuzz for a great mobile chat client).4) Great battery life (2-3 days) compared with my tytn which averaged 1.5 days.5) Paired with a 8gb card, i have immediate access to all my files and even have space for some music for those idle moments.The bad:1) Menu structure isn't the best. Would have probably been better to at least follow other nokia layouts. You can get around this by configuring your home screens to access frequently used options.2) Keyboard keys small but that's the price of smaller and lighter. The tradeoff is acceptable.3) No ability to sync with Outlook if you don't have MS exchange.4)Camera is poor but this is a phone. If great pics important, get a good camera. Any cameraphone is going to be a compromise.All in all, this cost less than half of what I paid for my tytn years ago with a better feature set. Highly recommended.

pros:flash on cameragpswifi worked greatcons:Nokia software (calendar,phone book) not very helpful. I downloaded google to sync. Had a hard time saving photos to my computer. Should be easier.screen is small for gps directions and web viewing

Pros: 1. This phone had by far the best cellular reception of any phone I have ever owned, and that includes any other phone on any cellular carrier!!! 2. Great speakerphone.Cons: 1. Keyboard is very cramped, becomes difficult to type especially if you have larger hands! 2. Screen is also small and therefore need to scroll constantly. 3. In need of support for various video files

I recently purchased the Nokia E71. This phone so rocks!.Performance wise it is quite zippy. It looks nice and sleek. Its also not very heavy but you know your holding something. I immediately popped in my 8 GIG SD card from my previous Motorola. All my songs, pictures and videos were immediately recognized by the E71 no matter what directory they were in. It has fantastic volume and the sound quality is great. Even with the volume about halfway it quite loud.The biggest benefit for me of having this phone is being able to use the VOIP over WI-Fi. I don't have to spend big bucks making calls over the expensive cell network if a wireless network is present. I was on the phone for hours last night and the battery life, even tho using wifi, hardly moved by more that 1 or 2 bars. I use [...]and the charges were a couple cents off my prepaid account. Configuration was a snap because the E71 comes with all you need just enter the account information and away you go.

Phone good. Thinking to get another same model. One issue: the phone was NOT unlocked. I bought it to take when travelling. Had to pay $30 to have it unlocked before a Brazilian SIM card would work. previously, with my Samsung, did not have this problem.

first a comparison to the e61i: i had both the e61 and e61i and this is a major improvement over both. the form factor is incredible as it is only 10mm thin, much narrower than its predecessors, and feels very solid and sleek with its all metal body. the phone is just beautiful to look at. nokia has improved its processor greatly and the phone has almost no wait time with all its functions now. when i went back to use the e61i, it was unbearably slow compared to the e71. the keypad on the e71, although a little cramped, feels good on the fingers. one of my biggest complaints about the e61i was that earphone speaker was hard to hear out of, but the e71's narrower body and seemingly louder speaker solves the problem. the e71 has also added a microUSB port, and 2.5mm earphone jack. in terms of software, the e71 has an updated symbian os that includes some additional features and programs that were pleasant to see. the biggest program improvements for me was the updated organizer and the shortcut key options. for all e61 and e61i users out there, the e71 is a must update to nokia's wonderful line of phones.comparison to competitors: function-wise, it has all the features blackberry's and the iphone 3g have. however, the e71 is much smaller than both (just put the e71 side to side with the blackberry curve and the iphone and they both look like monsters compared to the e71). i have no complaints with the 3g and 3.5g (umts/hsdpa), and I'm not sure what the other reviewer was talking about-- it must be a network/area dependent problem. i live in the SF bay area and i almost always connect to the 3.5g network with att and the internet is extremely fast, comparable to web browsing on a computer with broadband cable access. i really dont like the all touch screen of the iphone, so i would never consider it. i was debating between the curve and e71, but e71 beats it in both function and form-factor. the e71 has a umts/hsdpa, 3mp camera, and better battery life. all the rest (OS mainly) is just up to personal preference.concluding remarks: if you ask "why should I get the e71", i would answer with these points based on what "I" feel is most important:- very fast 3G capability- excellent size, feel, and look,- speedy processor with no lag in navigation- improved OS and great computer connection software (nokia pc suite)- long battery life- 3MP camera with flash- comes with carrying case, carrying strap, stereo earphones, and data cable- and lastly, did i mention that this is the most beautiful i have ever seen? see one for yourself (i know its hard b/c they dont really have them in stores) and you will love the look and feel of it.

The thing I love most about this phone is that it is excellent for email and texting.  This has completely changed my life, since I am not able to do work from wherever I am, including coffee shops, the movie theater, dinner parties, and even the bathroom.  It's great for a workaholic like myself.A feature I have really used is the voice recorder.  This has helped me to keep track of the million things I need to do every day.For a phone that does so much, the size is pretty good.  Not too big, not too small.

Best phone I have ever owned period.This phone has it all and everyone will ask you where you got it.Very easy to set up on AT&T;, it finds everything from your Sim card and sets itself up practically.If you want a quality phone buy it you want be disappointed.Cons; None

I like this cellular one so that it is complete, has many things interesting, the bad thing is that some videos do not reproduce very well, and the camera is very poor to comparison of other equipment, the rest works perfectly

The phone pictured is not the phone received.  The phone received has ivory white keys, but is silver otherwise.  (Kind of ugly if you ask me.)  The phone pictured is entirely light silver.  They must have at least three different color schemes and the one sent is very different in appearance than the one pictured.

Starting things off, I am a 19yearold male from NJ, coming from previous phones of a Nokia 6101, RAZR1.2, Nokia N95, and now this flashy, new, white, E71.This review is forNokia E71 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS and Free Vocie Navigation, Wi-Fi, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (White)Summary.CONS- True Multitasking: I have run over 25 apps concurrently.- PC Sync capable: the provided PC Suite is powerful and useful.- SLIM SLIM SLIM: Ridiculous, it feels less than the advertised 10mm depth (which is about half its competitors).- Call quality: This may be a network-dependent (I use T-MobileUSA), but this thing is clear and loud. Callers frequently thought I was on a landline, and the bluetooth connection (to a Samsung headset) was bulletproof it seemed, even from 30 feet away. I have never seen a device power bluetooth that far (at any good quality at least).- Fast: My N95 felt sluggish at time with all the things running, this phone has yet to slow down while running apps (with 25 at once, as mentioned above).- Fantastic keyboard: I always thought T9 was incredible, coming first-time to a QWERTY and could not be happier.- Sound design: Looks good, feels good, feels tough (it is made of stainless steel as well, thing feels quite solid).- Battery life: Coming from a N95 I am used to charging almost every night. This thing has lasted 4 days with heavy WiFi usage, camera usage, intensive texting.- GPS: I do not pay for a data plan, and the included GPS and the newly revised Nokia Maps 3.0 is great. I get FREE turn-by-turn directions with voice, all running off my handset, with no internet needed! It works reasonably well, possibly better in walking situations and POI lookups then driving (it can be slow at updating sometimes).- Software/Operating system: Symbian may not be popular in the US, but it is the most popular OS in EU and Asia (one of the most popular). Nokia rules the market segments there, and the OS has tons of applications (newly launched Ovi Store). It may be out of date and due for a refresh, but it just works.CONS- "Outdated" OS: It is not as flashy as iPhone or even newer Android devices. Does not have "150,000" apps either.- This model is business focused: Applications included do not go to media side (as seen in the music player).- Camera: This was the saddest fact for me. I am coming from the 5MP Zeiss lens on the N95, which took incredible photos (sometimes equal to an SLR in daytime, depending on the photographer's skills). I expected similar, but less detailed (3.2 MP verse 5MP) on this. Unfortunately, Nokia seems to have messed up, with photos being sometimes blurry, almost always with a purple tint, and generally not good. Night photos are barely usable, as the flash is too weak and cannot accentuate details enough.- White color: I personally like the white color now after using it, maybe recommend the all black E71x (from AT&T;, sometimes available unlocked), or the regular grey/black E71 (other color sold by Nokia, unlocked). This can be described as a "pimp" phone by some. Also picks up fingerprints easily, but what phone does not?CONCLUSIONBuy this if you need a reliable handset, that is used for heavy typing and web usage, and general "business-y" things, the E71 will not let you down. Its strengths lie in an OS that just works with little issues, problem-free WiFi, 3G, a GPS that actually works, and little need for charging. If you are looking for a multimedia handset, do not be swayed by the flash support (which is great), or the media player; look at the new Nokia X6 or Expressmusic phones or N series. If you buy this phone for the right reasons, you will not be disappointed, guaranteed.

Just wanted to comment on this phone being quite nice. I am pleased as can be with the vast functionality of this phone. I also like the Straight Talk plan that is unlimited everything. I have no complaints about this phone except it took me a while to get it to function properly over my home wifi network. I figured that out and I am lovin' it!

I describe it as a more casual cellphone, it has style, and more serious design that the others teenagers cellphones. I will definitely recommended to purchase one of those ... Something that disapoint me a lil bit is the capacity of the camara  at night, because the pics looks not clearer as you wish; nevertheles, for the rest everything works awesome !!!Good price for a good product!!

First of all, if you want to read reviews on this phone, look at the grey keyboard model, which has many more reviews. Other than the color of the keyboard, they're the same.I bought this phone as a replacement for my iPhone. I wanted a phone more suitable for business. I'm very pleased with it; it's a better phone than the iPhone. My iPhone is a better multimedia device, but that's not why I carry a phone.Pros: Build quality is excellent. All E71 models are made in Finland, to my knowledge. It's ultra-thin and the steel is beautiful. Battery life is exceptional, a great improvement over the daily-recharge requirements of the iPhone. I have apps that do everything (and more) that my iPhone does. It's far sleeker and better looking than a Blackberry. Call quality is the best I've ever had on a mobile phone. The keyboard is rock-solid and I can type much faster and easier than I did on my iPhone, which is the reason I changed in the first place.Cons: If you're used to a touch screen, then going to a QWERTY phone will take some getting used to. As I mentioned, the sound quality of music isn't as good as my iPhone. Obviously, the screen is smaller, but it's very bright.Overall, I'm pleased with my choice. I live in Brasil, and the phone took my SIM chip and started working from the time I turned it on. As I mentioned above, look for more reviews for the model with a grey keyboard, but the white one is better looking.

El Celular Nokia E-71, me ha parecido un buen producto: el dise&ntilde;o es agradable, el menu es facil de operar, la conexion a internet es rapida, el sonido es excelente, la resolucion de la pantalla es buena, la camara es buena, etc... Adicional Yo lo compre desde Colombia y el producto llego en un buen tiempo y en excelentes condiciones. Gracias Amazon.

I've had this phone for a year and a half now, and had no intention of upgrading until today when I dropped my phone in a puddle! It was completely submerged and is now sitting in a bag of rice. I really love this phone. I love the wifi capability and the full keyboard. I'm no good with touch screens, so this design was perfect for me. Stores a lot of pictures and videos and the alarm clock feature is nice as well. I also love the calendar/ to do list on the home screen. The buttons were not too small (I have small fingers) and the ringtone settings were able to be customized and controlled.I really hope this rice trick works, because this is a great phone and it's too expensive to buy the unlocked version!I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone, especially those who do not need to be connected to the internet 24/7 and just need it primarily for texting, talking, and planning.

I received my phone on 12/24/2008, and I just love it! At first I wanted to get an iphone, but the $30 extra monthly for the iphone set me back. I've always been a fan of Nokia due to their great reception, battery life, and durability. I went into the Nokia flagship store in NYC during Thanksgiving break, and I saw this beautiful phone, and I just had to have it. I checked on Amazon, and it was on sale! Saved $100.As soon as it arrived, I just inserted my ATT SIM card, and it was good to go. Some of the contacts did not transfer from my previous Nokia phone, so I had to do that by hand :/. I got the ATT media net package for $15/month, and the internet works great everywhere, it is very fast. Setting up email was very easy, just had to type in the user name and password. Calendar is very user friendly, I use it all the time, and I think the camera is pretty good considering it is a phone camera. All in all, a great smartphone, no complaints, highly recommended!!

I think the title sums up the review. I doubt there are better phones for this value in the market. When I bought it, it was about $350. It was still undoubtedly the best in its class.Picture quality is not as good as that of a camera. Music quality is not as good as a music player.

This cell phone it's very good. It has many useful functions like gps, wlan, bluetooth, switch mode, usb, microSD until 8Gb, full QWERTY keyboard, very small form factor, good photos and videos. The cons are the battery isn't good because it doesn't stay charged for the time indicated in the specifications.

Nokia E71 Unlocked Cell Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS, Wi-Fi, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)EXCELLENT CELPHONE

I am enjoying my new E71 Nokia. Have always been a Nokia person. Features GREAT. Some folks thought it was aBlackBerry.  Ha Ha. Will recommend E71 to anyone. In fact one of my friends recently ordered one E63 because ofcolour.Kindest RegardsNigel.

Phone is very cool... however, seems the caller id is not working.. it will not show who is calling me  :(

I'd put no stars if i could. I purchased this phone in February. It started to "crackle" so I sent it to Nokia last week for repair. I received it back in 5 days with a note saying it was not able to be repaired due to corrosion! I have since seen several similar reports on the internet about poor customer service from Nokia and that this corrosion issue is a COMMON response. My phone has never been wet or abused. It was a good phone, worked well and it's very attractive. Now junk. I have emailed and called and spoken to customer care "specialists" that say "so sorry, can't help. Our technicians know... Not covered....." I am beyond frustrated. If this corrosion is true, it must be a defect but they don't want to hear it. This is not a cheap phone, paid for the U.S. warranty for what reason??? I have had several Nokias over the years and told everyone how great they were. Now, I will buy some other company. Almost ANY other. Too bad, they have lost a loyal customer. If they respond, which I have little hope they will, I will update my review.It really is a cool phone which I'd hoped to enjoy for a few years, not months.Update: I miss my phone, it's very sad. Amazon rocks! They stepped up and helped me. I am very close to getting this phone again. I must have gotten the bad one. No other phone matches it, and I've looked.

I'm not a techie by any stretch of the imagination but I love this phone!  Honestly, it has too many bells and whistles for me to use it to its fullest potential, but it suits my needs perfectly because it has an easy to read display, is easy to type text messages on, has a great camera, excellent sound quality and sounds great when using the speaker phone!The camera is made of a silver metal with white key pad area, and it looks wonderful!I couldn't be happier!

This phone is fantastic. It does everything as advertised, however I am not sure the 10 1/2 hour talk time or 17 day standby time are entirely accurate. I've only had the phone a couple of weeks, and my experience with these batteries is that you go through several recharge cycles before they reach their full potential. The phone is easy to use once you get used to it, but the manual leaves a little to be desired. However, Nokia's phone support (customer service) is really good. I had a couple of issues I couldn't figure out and they walked me right through the solution. Some of the things I really appreciate, other than all the special features are: 1) adjustable ring volume that is loud enough for some of us older folks and 2) a really good speaker with a phone that will stand without having to lean on something. Additionally, the bluetooth connection to my navigation system was very easy to set up, and the bluetooth connection to my Nokia 6682 allowed me to transfer data with a minimum of effort. I am still learning things about this phone and probably will have it all figured out in a year or so. All things considered, this phone has exceeded my expectations. I wavered a bit and was considering 2 other Nokia phones with 5 megapixel cameras, but I'm satisfied I made the right choice. 3.2 megapixels is plenty unless you are trying to do really big pictures, and those are best done with stand-alone cameras.  I really recommend this phone highly. I guess I should add that I'm a Nokia fan. I just think they make the best product.

this gadget so complete and so simple to use, as Nokia Always it has been.Built-in GPS receiver, very fast 3G.A-GPS functionJava MIDP 2.0MP3/AAC/MPEG4 playerOffice applicationsFM radioPush to talk, great battery life up to 10+ hoursVoice command/dial, Skype app works great, amazing VoipPIM including calendar, to-do list and printingBuilt-in handsfreei also have push mail, up to ten accounts, and nokia chat too.

No question the best phone I have ever owned.  I wasn't out looking for the best looking phone on the market, the newest, or the one with the most features.  I just wanted a mobile platform that could read my OFFICE files, check my emails, and give me directions.  I have used this E71 in Papua New Guinea now for 6 months, and for 4 months in the States before that.  I have often connected my laptop to the internet through the phone via wifi hotspot software (available free).  I download my emails to it regularly.  Saves my life my regularly reminding me to take Malaria medication, as well as attend all my meetings.  I find the Nokia PC suite software difficult to use, and it always seems to mess up my outlook contacts, so I dont sinc the phone anymore.  I just drag and drop files from my laptop using the bluetooth interface.I have used the recording feature extensively to learn langauge here in PNG.  it works fine.  Takes good pictures... good enough for me to photograph a paragraph of text and email it.reception is good, but not as good as the iphone.  In the States, I lived on the edge of reception in the middle of nowhere.  i had to stand next to the window to get EDGE reception.  My friend with an older Iphone had absolutely no issues anywhere in the house.Speaker and microphone are excellent.  My wife wont use her phone anymore to call home.  She enjoys the clearer audio of this E71 when talking to family back in the states.I can open any email attachment (unlike the Iphone and others).Battery life is amazing.  I can use the phone for an hour or 2 a day for a week before charging.Its rugged, I have dropped it many times.Having an 8gb micro sd card lets me keep all the files i want on it.Wifi range is excellent.I had one issue with it not turning on.  I thought the phone had finally died after all the abuse it takes from me.  I immediately looged on to Amazon to buy another e71, but then I got the phone working by removing the battery, plugging the charger into the phone, and inserting the battery while holding the power button.  Worked!  I was so relieved to have my e71 back.  Absolutely no desire for a different phone.Note:  there arent all that many apps available for it.

This cell phone is very good. I used to have a E61 before it and it's incredible the lots of new features this new model provide.I supose that E72 is even better due to the slide button that permits you navigate without having to click.I'm very happy and have no complains about it.

I did lots (and lots and lots) of research on the e71, which was my choice to replace a Blackberry Pearl I'd had for a couple years.  I needed to buy unlocked because 1.) my BB died one day, and 2.) I'm stuck on T-mobile.  Because iPhones aren't "officially" unlocked, I settled on this e71, which seems to be Nokia's iPhone alternative.After the giddiness of having a new phone wore off, I became more and more disappointed in this phone.  It is certainly no iPhone (which my wife has), and isn't much better than my old Blackberry.  Call quality is the best feature.  That's about it.Because Nokia has not updated the firmware for North American versions (e71-2 models, i.e. this one I bought from Amazon), there are a number of very annoying bugs in the operating system.  Strike 1: The OS routinely crashes and reads "Memory Full" when it definitely is not full, and the only way to stop the warning screens from appearing is to reboot. Strike 2: The enclosed app for corporate email, called "Mail for Exchange" was so bad and difficult to configure that my IT guy and I finally gave up and bought a $50 RoadSync application that works OK.  (As a comparison, it took my wife approximately 3 minutes to configure her iPhone for corporate MS Exchange email.)  Strike 3: The phone sometimes makes an awful popping sound when playing keypad tones or application chimes,  It is like the clicking and popping sound you get when speakers overload or get too much signal.  Others have experienced this on the Nokia support boards, as well, and it may be a hardware issue.OS bugs aside, there are also significant hardware disadvantages of this piece compared with the iPhone.  The screen isn't wide enough to see a full line of sender, date, and email subject on the screen.  You have to guess sometimes at what the message might be.  This makes the chances of opening SPAM from the coporate server a lot greater, in my experience.  The camera is merely adequate, and mine casts a purple hue to all pictures -- not uncommon, according to other users.  I can manually set it to Sepia mode and it looks better, but that's a pain.  My wife's iPhone takes great photos as is.By far the most annoying "feature" of this phone is in setting up ring tones and alert tones.  In the Blackberry, you can indicate how many times you want a tone to ring.  It seems that, in this Nokia, it's either ON or OFF.  Sometimes I want an alert to ring once, and that's it.  Maybe a single chime to let me know about an email or something.  The sounds on the e71 just keep going and going until you manually silence them.I bought this phone mainly because I thought Nokia had a reputation for quality and solid phones.  It also had a full size, real qwerty keyboard, which I prefer to the screen-based keyboard of the iPhone.  The construction of the phone is solid.  It has nice build quality.  It's pretty.  But this and the qwerty keyboard benefit doesn't make this phone worth all the trouble of the other numerous issues.My T-Mobile contract is up in February, and I'm headed to the Apple Store to get an iPhone unless Nokia updates the e71 firmware for N. America.  I'll end up selling this one on eBay for a loss, and I'll be happy as a clam to get rid of it.  Overall, my experience with the phone as my main corporate and personal communicator has been at the most satisfactory.  My apologies to all the Nokia fanatics out there, but the iPhone beats this brick by a mile.

Pros: slim, sexy, very good QWERTY, multi-threading, Symbian OSCons: camera, RAM 128MB

Some notes to consider for this phone:3G -- Despite Amazon saying this is the US Version of the phone (which it is,) this phone does NOT work with T-mobile 3G in the US. T-Mobile 3G in the US uses the 1700 mhz spectrum (you can read on wikipedia as for the reasons why) and there are no 3G roaming agreements with AT&Ts; 3G spectrum like there is with EDGE. That being said, I have found that EDGE is fast enough for my web browsing and e-mail use (220 kbps+.) Using GSM/EDGE only also more than doubles your battery life, so this is not an entirely bad thing for T-Mobile users. The 10 hours talk-time and 17 day standby is no joke with GSM either.Network Settings -- Nokia has a great website that will text you all the internet, voicemail, and MMS settings for your carrier to the unlocked phone.Bluetooth Tethering -- This phone does not tether with Mac OS 10.4 Tiger. It does tether perfectly with 10.5 Leopard. It tethers with Windows XP via included Nokia PC Suite.  It would be nice if a Mac suite were included from Nokia but Apple provides everything necessary with Leopard. It obviously tethers perfectly with Nokia N800/N810.GPS -- The GPS in the phone is first class with both an actual GPS receiver and assisted GPS through cell tower. It works much better than my TomTom One especially indoors. The phone comes with a great program called Maps but the only drawback (and it is a HUGE drawback) is that you have to pay a monthly fee to use any sort of route guidance. You're allowed to see your position and browse maps for free but if you want to plan a route it costs extra. It comes with a 7 day trial that you should save for emergencies in my opinion.Networks in General -- This phone works great on both AT&T; and T-Mobile but each has their drawbacks. AT&T; has the faster network but limits you to 5Gb/month bandwidth and charges extra to tether. T-Mobile allows actual unlimited data on EDGE and allows free tethering to any device but has the slower "2.75G" EDGE data network. Wifi is available on the phone and works flawlessly.Third Party Apps -- Two must have apps are the S60 Divx player and the Slick IM client (AIM, Jabber, Etc.) The Nokia mail client works great and a third party solution is not necessary.All in all this is a first class phone whose only missing feature is a touch screen. Depending on your need for a QWERTY keyboard I would say this and the N95 are battling it out for best phone in the world right now.

I've always liked having a phone and PDA which are separate.  I've used HP iPaq Pocket PC for years with Motorola V3.  I've now replaced the V3 with the Nokia but still like using the PDA in combination.  The Nokia is terrific and very small and sleek.  It has tons of great features but I really like Google Maps/GPS with it. It can also be set up as a WiFi router so others can use your internet service.  The keyboard is small but usable so it works well when you want to leave PDA behind (like when skiing).  However for organizing and responding to a lots of e-mails, I prefer to use the iPaq's excellent Transcriber feature, which reads any handwriting and just Bluetooth to the Nokia to Internet.  I also find iPaq's Pocket PC interface with Outlook to be flawless and the screen is much bigger so much easier to read (with my 54 year old eyes).  Some people told me the battery on the E-71 was not good but I find it to be great.  To summarize, I love the phone but strongly suggest combining it with and iPaq so you get the best of both worlds.

I bought this phone a couple of months ago and it rocks.  There are so many things I love about it.  First of all, the hardware is just about the best you will fine.  So many phones these days are, for all of their slickness, cheap plastic crap.  Not this phone!  I have actually dropped this phone a couple of times (Yes, I can be clumsy).  One time I was sure I had damaged it.  Nope, not a scratch or blemish.  The keyboard is awesome.  I wasn't sure I would like it because I have big fingers, but the buttons are raised and its easy to get the hang of it.  And Nokia has put little touches on it that I think are useful and endearing.  For instance, the side of the phone has a dedicated voice dial button that makes it extremely easy to voice dial.  The GPS is good... and free!  The phone is very fast for a 3G phone.  I don't get much lag at all; I think it has freezed up once.  And the screen will surprise you.  I have enjoyed watching youtube videos on it just as clear as a pc. It has bluetooth.  You can sync it with your pc or mac. What's especially good about the phone?  Straight Talk offers this phone with an Unlimited Everything plan for only $45.  That is reason alone to get this!Any negatives?  May be some minor ones.  The back is stainless steel, and although it is impressive when it is brand new it is prone to smudges.  You can simply put a gel skin or otterbox on it, or clean the back periodically.  Nokia's ovi store isn't as large or impressive as Apple or Android, but there is still plenty there that is useful.  You can also put java apps on it which leaves room for more possibilities as well.  Lastly, the speaker phone could be louder.  I am not sure if it is just mine or all the E71s, but the speakerphone mode isn't loud enough.  I sometimes have to hold it close to my head to hear it which defeats the purpose.But the pluses far outweigh the minuses.  It may not be the latest technology but this phone does all the things smartphones are supposed to do.  It is durable and realiable (many smartphones are not).  And on Straight Talk you can have unlimited on this phone for $45 a month.

Just got this phone for use on AT&T.;Pros:- Multi-tasking operating system. You can have many applications open and switchbetween them, don't have to close them. I don't think the iPhone can do that.that a reeeaaaly cool feature. very efficient to switch between programs.- slim design. it fits nicely into your palm. comfortable to use.- screen is crisp.- charges up very quickly, within an 1-2 hours- nokia browser is pretty good- built-in speaker is pretty good- keyboard is solid.Cons:- screen is a bit small.- nokia maps is a cool feature, but top and bottom line in the application takes valuable screenspace away. that is, full screen mode is missing.- the driving/walking GPS capability is neat, but Nokia charges a steep $15 per month to use it.that's a rip-off.- FM radio almost useless, no reception indoors. The head phones in the boxare useless, the cables are too long and tangle all the time.- no car charger in the box- keys cannot be programmed to launch applications. That's what I liked about my treo.- USB connector plastic flap on the left is a bit too loose, comes off too easily- alarm clock/timer function is missing. Should be standard on such a phone. My ancient T616 fromSony Ericsson had such a function built in.Overall can recommend it..

I bought this phone recently with a good price from Gold box deal and I'm very pleased with it. It has everything I need for my business, is easy to navigate, slim, comes with cover, nice camera and good battery! I wouldn't choose any other phone for business needs and I do believe it is 1st best Nokia phone launched in US. If you want cheaper version but also great phone, look for nokia e77. the only difference between these two are: plastic cover instead of metal, no GPS and just 1 camera instead of 2 as here in e71.My husband also bought this phone from Amazon Store but he wasn't fortunate enough with a price. He paid for it $342 and after 2 days price has dropped to $319. He asked Amazon for a refund of a difference but unfortunately they don't have Price Protection Policy.A price protection guarantee extends assurances to a consumer that upon buying an item, if the customer finds the same item cheaper from another or same vendor, the original seller will match the price by refunding the difference to the buyer. A time restraint of 30 days is typical, and other conditions apply which can vary among retailers. Price protection guarantee provides a powerful incentive for building online customer loyalty in an economic model that allows for easy comparative shopping and highly competitive pricing. Even before a customer buys an item, he or she can use the price protection guarantee to ask a vendor to match a lower price. I'm surprised that Amazon doesn't have it. They are allowed to change prices daily and if you aren't lucky to get a really good deal, you can get ripped off from your purchase just in a few days :(Today you can buy the same phone for way under $300 with free price protection plan from other vendors. It's a good lesson for me and my hubby to look more careful for items we wanna buy and really reconsider other sellers not just Amazon.

I had an E61 and E61i before so E71 was a natural choice... this phone now serves as my mp3 player and gps, i have a 8gig memory card which is 60% full now with songs and garmin maps. phone works much faster compared to both e61 and e61i... battery life is not as good as my e61i but again i m using this phone a lot compared to the previous one. i connect it to my car stereo to play music now, great sound quality.camera quality is not as good as e61i :( colors balance is really weird, nokia should try to fix that with a firmware upgrade, i dont like pressing the T button to autofocus either, its a real pain...sound quality is awesome, its a nokia so lets not talk more about the sound quality.no dual antenna like e61i, tends to lose bars when held from the bottom, so either change the way u hold the phone or dont waste ur money buying this phone.its the slimmest smart phone out there, and feels pretty solidly built. keyboard is smaller compared to e61i but u get used to it soon.i am using it on t-mobile so no 3g for me, i dont really care about 3g speed anyways as long as i can do some light browsing and check my email. i can use the front camera with cameraFX application, dont really like why nokia chose not to let us use the front camera to take pictures as they do in Nseries phones.in total, great phone with some shortcomings.... hopefully nokia would fix them in the upcoming firmware upgrades...

I've had this product for slightly over 2 weeks. Note that I said product and not phone. The first phone that I received worked fine for about 10 days. Then it suddenly went blank and no amount of cajoling could get it to work again. I called Nokia to see what they could do. But they told me that since the phone was brought from Amazon it wasnt covered under the Nokia warranty (since Amazon is not one of their authorized sellers - whatever !!). So I called up Amazon and they assured me that someone from the Cell phone support team would get back to me within 2 business days. I wasnt sure what to expect next.I casually happened to check my account on Amazon the following day and noticed that Amazon had already shipped the replacement. I received the new phone within 48 hours of encountering the problem. This is where the fantastic Amazon service saved the day for me. The reason I've taken away one star in this review is that the first phone broke down abruptly.Back to reviewing the phone - There's not much for me to add here, a lot has been covered in other reviews. The product quality is amazing, very sleek and impressive. The photos dont do justice to the real thing. You have to see it to believe it ! Wireless connection to my home network was easy, too easy ! Camera is pretty decent - I've captured images and videos. I was able to upload these to the web from the phone in almost no time. Speaker quality is good - I've been listening to internet radio and music from the memory with complete satisfaction. Being a Blackberry 7100T user, the keyboard took some time to get used to, but now its as easy to use as the keyboard on my laptop. 3G connect is fantastic - I get great connectivity to the AT&T; network.The only complaints I have are:- The battery doesnt get charged when the phone is connect to the computer.- Nokia used a 2.5 mm headphone jack instead of the universal 3.5mm. Not a major issue since they provide a set of headphones.Overall - I highly recommend this phone.

I dont do to many reviews but i love this phone so i figured i would. For me this phone does everything i need. Fast downloads on either 3g or edge network. Range with the wifi is unreal. This thing picks up wifi ALOT farther than my laptop or my ipod touch. It really surprised me. Its nice to because you can choose if you want to use at&t or wifi connection before you access the web. Build quality is very good. Its got some weight to it, not to much but enough that it feels very well built. I've had this phone about a month now and i have not one complaint. I always liked Nokia phones, they get great reception and are built well and this phone is no exception. In a world of crap phones from LG, Samsung and Motorola, i'm really glad I got the Nokia.

After two years of WM, finally I got a Symbian phone again, it's not perfect but veeery close. No more sluggish os and dead batteries!

Only had my E71 for a few days now, but I'm incredibly impressed.  The biggest concern I have is the number of people in this forum comparing the E71 to the iPhone.  E71 is NOT an iPhone, it was not INTENDED to compete with the iPhone, and it is not fair to compare it with the iPhone!  So many people are talking about what the iPhone has that the E71 hasn't, what about the things the E71 has that the iPhone hasn't?...like a beautiful steel case, video calling, a removable memory card, RELIABLE 3G connectivity, etc, etc?  If all you people want an iPhone so bad, then why not just get one unlocked/jailbroken and let the rest of us evaluate hand held devices on their own merits?The best features of the E71 are its sleek and elegant form factor, the aforementioned steel case, the 100% customizable interface, and the availability & support for third-party applications.

This phone is a lot better than I expected. Not as many applications as there are for the blackberry or iPhone, but most of those are useless anyway. This is just a great all around smart phone that does everything that a smart phone should.Pros:-Thin-Intuitive OS-Stable-Great Keyboard-Useful pre-loaded software-Comes with a caseCons:-Shiny metal is a finger print magnet

Others have already highlighted the many things to love about this phone. Coming to it as a smartphone skeptic, I have fallen head over heels for it.First, it is a very good phone: easy to use, great call quality and speaker volume.Second, and better still, it's a great little computer. I use it more as a wi-fi networked computer than as a phone. Gmail, Google Maps, Opera browser, Fring for Skype and IM, Youtube, Putty, etc. GPS is useful and fun. Often, I leave my laptop at the office and just use the E71 at home.We've even used it at the office as a backup modem when our DSL went down. It was absolutely simple to setup and delivers excellent 3G connectivity. With an unlimited data plan, a single person could use this device instead of a broadband plan for home.Finally, it's very well made, nice looking and inexpensive. I've always liked Nokia phones. I love the E71.

This is a truly great phone. I had used an iPhone for about 2 weeks before selling it and buying this phone. This phone functions much better. No reception problems and amazing battery life ( I'm currently at about 1/2 after 2 days of regular voice and data usage ). The phone also has a very solid, high quality feel to it, nothing feels cheap. Real metal is a big plus, I get tired of chromed plastic. The keyboard is very useful; much better than the iPhone's touch screen. As for the OS, it took me a little while to get used to, but after a day or two I could quickly navigate the menus. This phone is still as impressive to me as when I took it out of the box a month ago.

My smartphone for six years until i got an android last month. The Nokia E71 is an excellent product in its category, i am extremely satisfied i had to buy a second set for my wife in less than a week - i had the black, she got the gray. I have tried and tested other brands and models before i got convinced and finally chose the E71, way back in 2008. QWERTY has never been so smooth, ever. Its 3.2mp camera, while no competition to present-day mobile phone cams, gave me the best snapshots right where and when i needed them. Music player features are so good that i made a special playlist of my favorite tunes in it. I would have kept using this phone had i not accidentally damaged the display screen, other than i have to eventually replace the worn-out charger and expired battery. I actually almost bought a similar replacement but with today's wide touch screen and faster connectivity in mobile technology, i guess i have to let go. Yet with all its ensemble of features encased in a sleek design, this phone is a true masterpiece from Nokia, its numerous awards and highly-positive critic reviews could only prove my word - Wikipedia will give you a detailed-yet-concise information, to start with.

Normally I get paid for giving my opinion, but since Nokia gave me a real solution I will write a few lines about this product. Folks, I am not a seller. I am a 27 years old, psychologist, politician, and entrepreneur who live in COLOMBIA, South America. I usually use Amazon to buy new technology and that's what I get. But... with the Nokia E-71 I bought possibilities, and that is what you are going to get: POSIBILITIES. It is possible to do almost anything with this artifact.  Are you smart enough to get this product? I don't know; -Is the product designed for smart, demanding and creative people?  YES.Be smart, just get it.

As the first phone to run on the US 3G network (and in some areas even faster 3.5 G), I was wondering how well this would work as a modem for my laptop for accessing the internet.Guess what? I'm using this regularly now to connect my macbook to the internet! I'm giving up my mobile aircard (which costs about $ 70 per month) and I'm just using my unlimited mobile internet. Another positive - no need to take out the usb aircard dongle and insert it into the side of the laptop each time I need to use it!The connection is fast enough to download video and music (you tube etc. will work fine both on the phone and the tethered mac) but the phone gets hot when it's used as a modem. It also uses a lot of power so for long time use as a modem, I'd keep it plugged into the charger.Joikuspot is the software I used ($ 25 for a perpetual license) to tether my phone to the macbook so I can use internet.I'm happy that MS office comes built in. I'm able to import my financial worksheets (even big ones where I do financial modelling) and it still works fast.Fring works well on these phone - much better than on the Nokia N95. With Fring and my Skype call-out account, I can carry on telephone conversations with almost as much clarity as using my skype on the laptop.  In the N95 (which is also a great cellphone), the processor isn't fast enough to allow phone conversations - the voice quality is so degraded that it's barely understandable. Apparently, Nokia placed a very powerful processor in this machine.And since it has a fast processor, all the applications open almost instantly and my cousin, a Blackberry curve user was so impressed with the speed he said it's the next phone he'll get.Another excellent software I like using with this phone is my Salling Clicker. I use it for remotely controlling itunes in my laptop (like when there's a party and I was to change albums or artists from my phone) or clicking to the next slide in my powerpoint presentation or fast forwarding my DVD player to the next chapter.This is a lot of technology for the money and I highly recommend it to everyone!

Great phone for business use...emails, text, etc.For multimedia, the N-Series (N95, etc) are way better...sound & pic quality.

Great phone and I couldn't help loving it when it did arrived June 2010. Most interesting was the voice-guided SAT-Navigation on the phone which was most handy during our family vacation in Scotland and England. Even those who already had the gray E71 couldn't help but fall for it when they saw mine. lolNokia E71 Unlocked Camera Phone (White)Bought mine here in Amazon and got real value for my money - Kudos to Amazon.

I have this phone with Straight Talk. I must say that after being nickled and dimed for years with a contract, this phone has all of the features that I would otherwise want and have to pay for from other carriers, plus extras (internet radio!!!) already packed into the phone. Plus, I'm only paying $45 for unlimited talk, messaging and web.  Best deal of the century, in my opinion, and ST was very smart to offer such an exceptional phone to its customers.  It helps to have a great phone when the company's CS is so crappy!

Este celular es un equipo super completo, tiene de todo y mucho mas! Lo recomiendo!David Tejeda Goico

Not a bad purchase, Great smart looking phone.Very reliable.  I wish little more resolution.Overall I like it.

I'm still trying to figure out how to work with this phone. Maybe once it's set up I will give it a higher rating.I can make calls and use multimedia messsaging only. AT&T; has been somewhat helpful but I constantly get -- since you didn't buy the phone from AT&T; we can't help. I don't understand why they won't be more helpful. After all I still pay the monthly fees for the service. My biggest concern is I get SIM services not available (AT&T; could not explain what that means) and an error message when I open maps. I thought OVI GP is suppose to be free using nokia browsing service -- the description says Ovi Maps works offline--no cellular service is required. Then it says ... Data charges from network operators may apply -- what does this mean?It would be helpful to customers if amazon could establish a liaison with the carrier when unlocked phones are sold thru Amazon.

I have been using the Nokia E71 as a replacement for my Treo 680, and I must say it is a lot fancier, and with a very improved battery life, with a much better bluetooth handling, as well as music management, email, and possibility to chat and voip that is completely unbelievable with the previous cellular.What I still have not been able to get over is the calendar, view as well as the ease to input or goto reminders or meetings and read the notes. I must say that the thing I miss the most is the task management, since it doesn't even allow me to input tasks or todo's directly from the home screen.Aside from that, it is a very good cell phone, and worth the $350 I paid for.

I've been using the E71 for a month now. It has been an awesome deviceso far. After using Nokia phones for years (121, 8260, 3590, 3100) Istopped finding their phones appealing and switched to other brands.The E71 replaced a Palm Centro, my first smartphone. Wanting 3G, Wifi,GPS and a better overall platform with full keyboard in a bar format,I spent months researching phones and it came down to the E71, PalmTreo Pro or Blackberry Bold.Pros1. The is a very versatile phone. There aren't many features missing thataren't on other phones of similar design. The biggest missing function isa touchscreen, but the directional pad is excellent so it more than makesup for the lack of touchscreen.2. The build quality is great, very solid, no creaks, no worries about case breakage, or durability.3. Battery life is excellent. I can easily go 2, or sometimes 3 days between charges with a reasonable level of voice and data activity.4. Network speeds, including WiFi are very good, but my only comparison is to the Centro that had Edge only and no WiFi. Browser performance is great, pages load very quickly (I'm on AT&T;).5. The browser is no Safari (iPhone) but it's still excellent. Better than my wife's Blackberry browser. It's missing Java applet and flash support for playing website videos (except youtube) but no native mobile browser that I know of does either. Skyfire will give you that flash support using a server based rendering engine and its performance on the E71 is pretty good considering what you're getting. This should be one of your first downloaded apps.6. I've had less than a half dozen resets in a month which was far less than my Centro and what I consider acceptable considering what is packed into this phone. The multitasking support is excellent, 1-button task switching. Symbian is a great software platform, rich in applications, very mature, stable, very large user community.7. It's an excellent phone, great reception in weak signal areas, greataudio quality, everything you can expect from a Nokia device.8. The size is optimal for a bar type phone. It's comfortable in thepocket. The tradeoff is a smaller keyboard and screen than the BB Bold,(but a better keyboard than the Treo Pro) but if size is a concern,the E71 is a winner among bar phones with full keyboards. And it'ssuper thin!Cons1. The music player is weak. I have an 8 GB Sandisk MicroSDHC card and have had to format it at least once and reload all my music because the player had trouble detecting new files after around 900 were downloaded. Since formatting I haven't seen the problem again and I'm over 1030 files, so it could be related to my not formatting the memory card after initially inserting. Could also have been corruption during file transfer.2. No touchscreen but the D-pad makes up for it.3. Camera is so-so. Don't buy this if a camera is important to you. Forquick snapshots it's adequate.4. No native threaded SMS application. However this can be overcome by downloading Conversations for free from Nokia labs. Doesn't match Palm's threaded client, but it's ok and you get used to it.If you're looking for a feature-rich, well-built, stable, no-lag, pocketable phone that's also very good at making phone calls, this is your phone.

Ok, i have had thousands of phones, Omnia, Motorolas (v3, others...), iphone and others...and that one is the best...by FAR! Go for it.

This used to be my former back-up phone to my old model iPhone years ago. I got mine here on Amazon and is Made in Finland, an original. Its Symbian OS may be considered "boring" but its operation I recall was even smoother than my iPhone. Its call quality was excellent and its signal strength was very good. Lastly its construction was top-notch -- no wiggly parts,no creaks, no malfunctioning keys. Also its huge BP-4L battery provided me many hours of talk time and I had to recharge only every four days with heavy use. I loved the Nokia E71 (an A-) so much that I bought its successors, the Nokia E72 (a B)Nokia E72 Unlocked Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation - U.S. Version with Full Warranty (Zodium Black)after a year when it came out, then finally very recently, the Nokia E6 (A- again)Nokia E6 Unlocked GSM Phone with Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard, Easy E-mail Setup, GPS Navigation, and 8 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black), which is my current back-up to my iPhone 4. Turns out, the back-up again turns out to be my main phone.

Awesome Phone...I looked at getting this phone versus several different blackberrys. After doing some research I realized that one bad thing about the blackberry is the fact that theres alot of apps that cant be installed on the Blackberry that I wanted. I was rather surprised how many apps work with the Symbian S60 V3 (The OS of this phone). This phone in alot of ways is similiar to the BlackBerry similiar look, Full Keyboard and One of the best things is the Browser. I honestly like the Factory installed browser over alot of popular browers like Opera...With the Browser it runs full web pages which you scroll from side to side to view (Im assuming its done this way since if it showed a full page on the screen everything would be tiny)..Also this phone has fully functional YouTube Support anyone running a Data Plan on this phone I think will be Pleased.... The ONLY thing I truley hate about this phone is the keyboard. Yea its got a full keyboard but the keys are TINY and rather hard to text on...I wish the phone would have been alil wider to make the keys bigger. Other then that Great phone and the thickness of this phone is great I was using a Tilt previously so literally about 1/3 the size.Great Phone Great all around software Setup looks neat and also very well Constructed a large portion of the phone is metal you could probably drop this thing in the shower and it would prob keep on going.

I was using Blackberries before but have to admit that the Nokiafeels technologically more refined than the BBs. With the SymbianOS I really have choices for e-mail Push clients and are notdependent on BB and their services. This was an important reason to buyNokia. For $220.-, a metal casing this phone is a steal.I am using it with T-Mobile in the US and e-plus in Germany, switchingSIMs. 3G does not work with T-Mobiledue to frequency mismatch. Keyboard is smaller than that of a BBbut works as well after getting used to it. The included GPS andcamera works great.

In summary the Nokia E71 is a high end voice/video/messaging communication device it is not to be confused with a web viewing or gaming device.For some odd reason Nokia phones have never been that popular in the USA in comparison to Europe and Australasia. This model the E71-2 is made in Finland and is the unlocked (non carrier specific) US model version and has GSM/EGSM (GRPS EDGE) quad band 850/900/1800/1900 MHz and uses 850/1900 MHz for UTMS/WCDMA (high speed data packet access HSDPA aka 3G)[...]. So what you ask? Basically, with the US model if you travel overseas don't expect to receive UMTS (3G) service.The Nokia E71 is best called a high end business smartphone....kind of like those high-end German cars it has more bells and whistles than any other smartphone on the market and just like those high-end German cars (designed by engineers for engineers!) you will need to read the manual and play around with all of the buttons to work out all the features it has to offer. The Nokia uses the Symbian (competitor to Android and iPhone) operating system and has a relatively large number of applications that will run on the phone. All of the currently popular applications are available for the phone Skype, Facebook, Youtube etc. Many of the apps can be directly downloaded from Nokia's "Ovi Store" using the app directly from the phone.The phone has a built in FM radio that works great, but you will need the headset to be plugged in (it acts as the antenna), but once plugged in you can use the loudspeaker. The audio is very good and plenty loud when using it with all the audio applications. The phone has a built in GPS receiver and now has free Ovi maps (global set...you will need a large memory card if try and download them all) available from Nokai for download. The GPS works great and has a large voice set available also, my daughter loves the English Surfer Dude speaker. Phone has infrared, bluetooth and wifi connectivity built in.The wifi works well and is a great feature at home or on the road. I can web surf and download podcasts (it has a podcast subscription app). The phone has an internet radio application  that is also a great feature...you can listen to many US and intentional based internet radio stations like the BBC for free.I personally prefer to have a keyboard with my phones rather than a touch screen and like the Nokia for this reason, it is odd that I find it easier to type with the E71 keyboard than my work issued BlackBerry. The screen is about the same size as the BlackBerry screen, but Nokia have (in my opinion) could have worked better on using the real estate and particularly with the font and icon size on the home page. If you have bad eyesight you may find the E71 very hard to use without a magnifying glass.The good:1: High end unlocked smartphone for less that $230!!!! (not locked to a carrier or plan)2: Unlocked phone has many phone carrier defeating applications. VOIP/SIP and wifi3: Phone supports cell/phone calls, video camera calls (has both forward facing and rear facing camera), internet (VOIP/SIP) calls in native application, Skype, Fring calls...4: Applications galore included.5: Ovi store applications and GPS maps for free.6: Phone is lightweight.7: Battery life is great and is user replaceable.8: Phone will multi-task without any issues, listen to the radio, web surf and download all at the same time.The bad:1: Phone almost requires a degree to operate.2: Too many menu options and levels to achieve tasks.The ugly:1: Text size and phone icons (3g, signal/battery bars) are miniscle.2: Phone requires a PhD to totally master.3: PC based Ovi/PC suite sync application is slooooooooooooooooow.I'm using the phone with a $6.99 for 90 days T-Mobile prepaid SIM card and have setup a VOIP/SIP account along with Google Voice for voice mail and free wifi internet calling. Life is good. Very odd but my teenage daughter would rather have my E71 than an iPhone.Overall the E71 is a great communication device with many great features included for the price. If you are looking for a cheaper phone then have a look at the Nokia E63 as an option, it does not have a GPS receiver, forward video camera or external volume controls. But is a tougher phone with all the other attributes of the E71 above. For about $159 you can find a new unlocked with US warranty supported E63.

I have had my E71 for about 2 weeks now, switching from a Motorola A1200.  I found the phone extremely easy to connect to WAP (no 3G in Costa Rica...yet.) and any wifi access point.  I have it connecting to our Exchange server, which was easy to do works flawlessly. Bottom line: connectivity is excellent.Call quality has been outstanding and reception is as strong if not stronger than on my A1200.It does everything that I want it to do.  For instance, the other night we were out looking at the stars and we wondering what some of the different stars are.  In five minutes I found Sideralis, downloaded and installed it and was looking up star/constellation information.  However, the coolest application that I have found so far is Fring, which allows you to make Skype/Skypeout and SIP calls.  Configuring Fring was dead easy and immediately I was able to access the phone system at work and make a call.There are three aspects that have given me slightly less than total joy:  first is the GPS and that's only because it takes a long time to determine my location (Costa Rica and 5 satellites).  Second is the camera, as everyone has been saying its less than ideal (but comparable to my A1200).  Third is that the keyboard is slightly small.  I have a lot of misspellings if I try to type too fast, but my accuracy is improving.The phone itself is a beautiful device and has an extremely solid feel to it.  Due to its thin profile, it fits discreetly in your pocket.  For the price, there isn't a better buy.

I have been using this Nokia E71 since two months.In my opinion its the best smartphone in the market. you can always type without missing any letter, compared to the iphone which i had for few days then returned it back. Its the lightest,thinnest smartphone in the market, and its gray titanium colour is great, and dont forget the perfect sound properties and loud speaker. I went to check the blackberry storm, but i didnt like the size of it beside it doesnt have wireless in it. Nokia E71 has all the applications i need,and really fast with the 3G service(although AT&T; 3G service is down in few places). The battery life is two days after torturing the phone,but not more as some people says.I bought this phone after i did alot of search on smartphones and i highly recommend it, try this product and you will never regret it.

Aside from the sturdy construction, sleek design, and Nokia's T9 predictive texting (which is awesome), there is really nothing else I like about this phone.  I think if you're the type of person that would enjoy using Linux as your desktop OS, then maybe this phone's for you.  Another reviewer said that the OS is cumbersome and I totally agree.  It's not an "Enjoyable" experience to use this phone.  Google maps with GPS activated is fair, but it doesn't seem entirely accurate to me.  Sometimes when you're sitting still, the blue dot (your location) can't decide where you really are and bounces around.  Not a big deal, but still lame.  Silencing an incoming call is another one.  Other than hitting the dedicated silence button, I don't see another way to do it (volume buttons, power button, etc).  Maybe there is, not sure?  Setting up Mail for Exchange was a hassle.  It takes less than one minute on an Iphone, and took me a while to do it on this phone with all the little nuances.  Setting up GMail and Yahoo was easy, although that opened up another can of annoying worms.  If you're viewing your GMail mailbox for instance, and you exit, the phone alerts you that the mailbox is connected, and asks if you are sure you want to disconnect?  YES, I want to disconnect, that's why I pushed the exit button....ugh.  The web browsing is by far the worst I have ever experienced on any phone, simply unusable in my opinion.  When your packet data connection is active, and you receive an incoming call, the phone will beep in your ear and display that the packet connection is off...then will beep again at the end of the call and display that packet connection is back on.  Why do I care about this?  Why do I need a beep in my ear for this?A friend of mine who's an engineer in this industry says that Nokia phones have the best antennas.  I'm not sure if that's true or not - I was using this phone with a T-Mobile SIM.  Whenever I was someplace where I didn't have reception, my ATT and Verizon friends were just fine.  This was especially true inside of buildings.  BUT, I think this is more of a T-Mobile issue than a phone issue.Also,I bought his phone in White.  The online pictures of the phone make it appear that the keys are more of a silver, and blend into the rest of the phone.  This is not that case, the keys are WHITE WHITE and are not sliver....there is a huge contrast between the keys and the chrome body of the phone.  - It's ugly in my opinion.

I bought a Nokia E71 hoping to replace my SE K550i.  Main reasons for looking for a replacement was to have a Qwerty keyboard, 3G connectivity, GPS, being unlocked, Quad-phone, video conference capability, a decent set of commercial or free application availability, especially editing MS Word type documents, expansion (via memory cards) and a decent camera.I am happy with E71 - EXCEPT the camera.  When it was originally advertised, the 3.2Mp camera seemed too tempting to have and sounded as a nice upgrade from my SE K550i - Boy I was wrong :(  the 2Mp pictures my SE K550i was/is taking are much much better compared to E71. There is NO COMPARISON - it is THAT BAD.  Everybody who owns an E71 now complains on Nokia forums or similar platforms and everybody is hoping and praying for a software update with a firmware from Nokia so the problem will be fixed.  Until then, the problem (the picture quality is horrible) is there.The connectivity is very nice - you can even use E71 without a simcard for Web Surfing.  It finds the wireless connection points really fast, call quality is nice, sound is very decent, A-GPS is amazingly fast and the Nokia Maps software is very nice (though expensive for an online service in my opinion) - the Google Maps works as a champ with no turn by turn voice help (if you don't care).  Some reported that Germin XT is another option to have already downloaded maps to avoid online expense in addition to the data charges.  The default browser is very nice and fast. Opera Mini and even firefox mobile are available for E71.  The office software that comes with the phone, when updated, is capable of editing/creating MS Office 2007 compatible docs/spreadsheets and presentations.  The device has bluetooth 2 compatible and also works as a hotspot itself for other devices such as your laptop when JoikuSpot software (I am using the paid version but a free light version is available) is used.Other than the camera problem the phone is very very nice and capable.  Unless you are looking for a nice camera phone, then this is a nice smartphone - if the camera is important - then don't buy it now (nov 2008) - wait until there is any software fix that will address the issue.If camera is important then SE 850i is a nice 3G , unlocked phone option (if it was not that Qwerty keyboard I almost bought one) with a nice price tag (online) after some search.Hope this proves useful

If you're used to Palm or Blackberry business devices, you will likely not enjoy this phone.  It certainly looks the part - its hardware and aesthetics are very pleasing; it's slim and compact; the QWERTY keyboard feels good and works with even the chunkiest of fingers, my sausages not withstanding.  The battery life is also very good.Unfortunately the good news ends there.  The software is dreadful.  Firstly you can't load your contacts from other systems because the PC software provided has no import capabilities at all - except you can import `Thumbnails'.  Way too many menu navigations are required to do the common tasks such as looking up a number and dialing it.  Depending on where you start from, it can take six menu choices to get the phone dialing, the last one being an annoying extra option to make a voice or video call.  Setup items are difficult to find.  You can't easily switch to Vibrate for example; you have to go through a pile of menus to find the setting.  I'm in and out of meetings all day; I need a button on the phone to allow me to turn to vibrate on the fly.  Messaging does not thread - so every message is treated as a separate event, therefore you can't see the response from the other person when composing your answers.  Some of the shortcut menu choices on the screen are the same as the buttons - rather a wasted opportunity to bring other common features into easy play.  The rest are wasted on one time deals that should be buried in a menu somewhere; for example, Setup Email, Setup Internet Tel. Calendar Entries (Calendar Entries from where exactly - not outlook - you can't sync).  I've had this phone less than two weeks and am already looking for something to replace it.  I will likely go back to Palm.  Sorry Nokia, but whoever designed this software doesn't understand the needs of the business smart phone user.

I just bought one of these phones. I'm a computer professional, writing software and running big and small software projects since 1965. My point in saying that is not to try to impress you, but rather to point out that I'm not a novice when it comes to technology like this.The hardware's nice. Build quality appears to be excellent and it just feels like a quality product. Symbian has a reputation for being confusing, but there's some method to the madness (I'm referring here to the user-interface) and it's supposedly well-engineered under the covers. But some of the choices in the apps aren't good. For example, to try to make the setup of email accounts easy, it knows about the popular providers, like gmail. gmail lets you talk either pop3 or imap4 with a separate email client and, in fact, provides some different options for each (with pop3, you can enable it on the gmail site so that your client sees only mail arriving after the time you enabled it; imap4 has no such option). The email client on the E71 decides for you that you are going to use imap4; there's no way to change it, at least that I could find. Consult the documentation? You've got to be kidding. It reads like it was written for 5-year-olds by 5-year-olds. This is a complex device, providing a lot of features, and the documentation is so dumbed down, perhaps to avoid scaring non-computer-types, as to be near useless, in my opinion.One of the features of this phone is the GPS receiver. To be useful, GPS receivers need map data, yes? If you install a brand new MicroSDHC card in this phone and then attempt to download map data with the Nokia Map Loader on your PC, it will sitthere in a loop saying "Waiting for device". It turns out that you need to first attempt to download map data via the phone, to initialize the directory structures on the memory card which, for some unfathomable reason, the Map Loader doesn't do. Did I learn this from the documentation? Not a chance. I found this out by googling and got the info from discussion groups populated by similarly frustrated Nokia owners and one or two who stumbled across solutions. Having dealt with that problem, I begin downloading map data for the US. After successfully downloading the data (about an hour on a broadband connection; it's a little over 1 Gb), the Map Loader begins loading it into the memory card in the phone (there's a little progress bar). After making a tiny bit of progress, I get "Unexpected error. Sorry for the inconvenience". Gee, that was informative. Does it preserve the temporary file on your computer after this error and use it on a repeat attempt? Not a chance. So, another hour downloading. And the "unexpected error" happens again. So, I google again, and surprise, surprise, there are a whole bunch of frustrated folks out there who have seen the same thing. Well, one of these good folks devised a workaround, which I've yet to try.Maps are just one aspect of this phone, but I'm afraid that it's symptomatic of the general level of software quality supplied with this device. If RIM put out stuff like this, we'd never have heard of Blackberries.Unless you are willing to put up with some pain (think Windows 3.1/MSDOS), I'd pass on this phone, or any other Nokia phone with the same software suite.[March 13 update]Well, it's been two days of struggle and I still don't have the US maps loaded into this thing. If you try to download the maps during the day, you are wasting your time. The download will invariably hang. Downloading is only possible late at night and first thing in the morning. I'm guessing that there's a bug in their protocol (I'm assuming they are using something of their own, because ftp works reliably), as well as a bandwidth issue with their website. As for the "Unexpected error", I'm still getting them, despite having disconnected all other USB devices from my PC (USB is a bit of a crock and I have seen situations where USB devices interfere with each other, but not with properly written drivers, such as for the iPod, a Palm, HP scanners, etc.). I'm in the process of trying a different PC and if that fails, I will switch to talking to the phone with Bluetooth rather than a USB cable. If that fails, I'm going to send this thing back to Amazon. Again, if you are not very computer-savvy *and* a masochist, skip any Nokia product with this software suite.[December 25 update]Well, I've lived with this phone for almost a year now and have to admit that my first take on it was wrong. It seems like I ran across everything that is wrong with this device and its supporting PC software right from the outset and I retract none of that. But, after using it for some time, I have changed my rating to 5 stars, because, on balance, there is so much more right than wrong with this phone. First of all, as a phone, it's superb -- sound quality is excellent and I have far fewer dropped calls than with my previous Motorola phone (I've read, though have no direct experience, that the iPhone is great until you try to use it as a phone). The PDA applications and synchronization are good enough that I've been able to retire my Palm. The much-maligned camera is fine for what I'd expect from a cell-phone camera. It's not a Hasselblad, for goodness sake! The music player works well, the GPS is a welcome feature (once you get the Nokia maps loaded) and Google Maps works very well. The ability to have multiple applications running simultaneously is very, very useful (I understand the iPhone doesn't support this). Email and web-browser are fine. Battery life is excellent. It's true that the UI isn't as sexy as an iPhone or the other touchscreen phones. But this thing just does *everything* you could possibly want from a phone, does it in a small, well-made package, and its UNLOCKED. I use it with an ATT pay-as-you-go account, because I actually do very little actual phoning and this is far more economical for me than paying a flat rate every month for minutes I'm not going to use. This alone eliminated the iPhone from my consideration when I bought the E71.In summary, this is not a perfect device, and some of its imperfections are glaring, but its assets greatly outweigh its liabilities. Furthermore, the perfect device doesn't exist, so if you are looking for a remarkably capable smart-phone with this physical configuration, I can heartily recommend the E71.

I owned a Nokia 6680 smartphone for several years and was never tempted to upgrade because this phone did everything I needed... Touchscreen phones are too delicate for my job (construction engineer) and I type much faster using a standard keypad anyway. I looked at an N95 but in my opinion it was too thick and I don't trust the slide mechanism (or flip mechanism for that matter). My friend bought an e71 and I borrowed it for a few minutes to make a call. I was so impressed by the slim sleek design that I purchased one the following day! I can find no fault with this phone! At first I thought the keypad was too small to type (being a fairly large guy 5' 8") but let me tell you that Nokia designed the keypad flawlessly! Within a few minutes I was happily texting away at blazing speed! It also comes unlocked so I can use it with my both carier SIM cards without any problems.I own several handheld gps units (Garmin etrex and Lowrance iFinder) and these cannot get a fix indoors. Within a few mins my e71 got a fix from an impressive 5 satellites. The screen resolution is amazing (tv quality). The entire phone is well built, sturdy and strong. Just looking at the back cover you can see that this phone is built to last. It has all the usual "requirements" for a smart phone: symbian os, email, web, camera, video, realplayer, mp3 player, quickoffice, etc. etc. Even though the camera is 3MP this is sufficient in my opinion.I am still discovering new features for example the e71 has text to voice capability - the phone can read out aloud text messages (very convenient when driving)! I am yet to find a flaw.To Nokia - excellent job 5 out of 5!

its features are great and you wouldn't dare to compare it to blackberry, except for the speakerphone feature.

I have had this phone for a month now and I love it for the phone functionality it provides.  I have switched it to GSM mode and the battery lasts 5+ days easily with moderate phone use.The internet browsing is not at par as iphone but I dont use it as much.  The phone is really slim and looks great.

Being that this is my first 'smart phone', I was pleased. But had only a few gripes (see below). Anyway, the phone is stylish, with a leather case, sweet. It has almost every connectivity to networks under the sun, GSM, WiFi, Bluetooth, etc.Keyboard is nice, especially if you don't like clicking keys for the right character. Coupled with an 8 gig mem card, holds all my ring tones and mp3s and pics. Email is right there, messaging is right there. I was not a 'phoneaphile', but Nokia has won me over. I was looking at Blackberries like everyone else, but I wanted to be different. I believe I made a good choice.As for OVERKILL, I live in an area that recently got GSM capability (imagine that). This phone has a lot to offer if your service provider can supply the service.Only gripes, the stylish small size makes type a chore even if it is easier than regular keypad. Last, battery life. Solution, plug it in every now and then. You'll be set.

Works as well as any other 3G phone, but the buttons can pop off easily, and you cannot get replacement buttons.  Nokia's service folks will only replace the whole keypad, for which you have to send in your phone and do without.  I was waffling between the E71 and another one with no buttons, and am now kicking myself for getting this phone.  I should have thought of the issues that would come of having a keypad, but I had to learn this the hard way.

Great phone! Has all the features that are currently available. Qwerty is small yet it is not by any cramped. Makes for very easy typing. The phone itself is very sleek and compact. Rest assured that this phone will definitely turn heads!

Tired of paying $100+ for my phone service, there wasn't a better time for me to see a commercial on TV about Straight Talk's $45 unlimited plan. Right away, I went on my computer and researched a bit more about it. I always do my homework and not one to jump into something that's sounds too good to be true. The reviews seemed great, even YouTube videos from users demonstrating that it really is a full featured service with nothing cut or sacrificed. So I decided to take a plunge. Ordered up the unlimited $45 plan along with the best phone, the Nokia E71. After receiving my phone. I ported my number to Straight Talk. Everything went smoothly, within a few hours I had my number on Straight Talk. I started using my new phone and immediately felt alienated by the super counterintuitive and ridiculously antiqued interface of the Nokia E71. The menus, the submenus, and submenus thereof are just a complete opposite of the simple, clean interface of the blackberry 8900 I had previously. I decided, to stick it out and give it a thorough effort. In the next few days, I pretty much mastered the Nokia interface, and even though it is still very annoying, I pretty much got the hang of it. In the next few days of usage, I noticed that the call quality is worse than with my previous service. I had a few dropped calls, that I have never experienced before, And finally I realized that the phone was not able to make and receive calls at all while showing full signal strength. I rebooted the phone. It helped. Two days later it happened again. All of a sudden my web service went out while browsing. I tried making a call. Nothing! this is with full 3G strength. I rebooted the phone. And after it rebooted I had two voice mails. Both were left and hour prior and a half hour prior. During this whole time, I haven't' received any calls  and my service was showing full strength signal. After all this, the old adage "you get what you pay for" doesn't ring more true than in this case. I've had enough. I placed a call to my old carrier and ported my number back. This Straight Talk deal only sounds Straight. But in reality there is nothing straight about it. You end up being tossed around between the times that your service actually works and the times that you think it works but it actually doesn't

I just bought this phone and its working good for me, its a great phone if u will use it for business or just because you like the phone, when i got the phone i was just wondering if the cellphone comes with the memory card because mine doesn't came with one but than everything its excellent with the product.

I bought this phone in September 2011 and I have really liked it. It suits my needs. It has great talking driving directions, easy email setup, and the apps I really need like twitter and facebook. This is not an Adroid phone that has a great selection of apps. The screen is also small for browsing the web. I use my phone as a wifi hotspot for my Android tablet and sometimes my computer. I use JoikuSpot and it is a free service. The phone does everything I need. It is really great to look at and I wish I didn't have a cover on it. It does take some time to learn all the features. I found a lot of handy guides online that I recommend.Tip: Right now this phone is $99 at Wal Mart. You can buy Straight Talk Service their, unlimited everything for $45 per month. This is what I have and use. This phone for $99 is a steal. I paid almost twice that just four months ago. I recommend this phone a lot.

Es el mejor equipo que hasta el momento he tenido, siempre he confiado en Nokia porque sus telefonos son muy buenos, en este caso en particular el modelo E71 ha sido el mejor.  Tiene todas las caracteristicas que uno puede desear en un telefono celular.

Comparing the price, E71 is very good. Even the symbian OS make some trouble with me. Actually I thought WM OS is better for those people always us PC and WINDOWS OS.

It looks stylish.  If you have ever had a Nokia phone, it won't be difficult for you to get used to the Nokia E71.The reception signal is very good, I used to have a Sony Ericsson T303, which was a headache.  The old phone could not find the signal, maybe it was too weak.  But with this Nokia E71 that problem disappeared.I compared it with the iPhone and found these main differences:- The battery of the E71 lasts much longer.- The software of the iPhone is more user friendly than the E71.- Both cameras are almost the same considering their quality.- You can record video on the E71.However I like my new Nokia E71. I wish it could synchronize easily with the Google Calendar, which I haven't been able to do.

It turned out to be a much older and less flexible phone than I already had.  The OS was appallingly outdated.  It was so small I couldn't begin to use the keyboard.

Fantastic phone! The slim depth of the phone allows me to keep it in my pocket without any issues. The phone came with a really nice leather slip cover so it won't get scratched while in my pocket either. Lots of cool apps for this phone so I can customize it to how I need. Eg. can use it as a webcam for my computer over either wifi or bluetooth. I customized both the soft keys and the four app keys to my preferences. It works with gmail, gmaps (gps is FAST). I downloaded free maps of my area from Nokia (free because I didn't get the turn by turn route add-on). Honestly, from now on, I'm only getting phones that have their own fan websites ([...] Using the Nokia 'mail for exchange' app I'm able to sync my google calendar and contacts with the phone.On a side note, the phone I had before this one was a Samsung i550w that was also running Symbian S60 ... don't ever get an S60 phone from anyone but Nokia. Implementation by a Non-Nokia manufacturer will always be buggy.

It's sad that there isn't a phone out there today (2013) that I would rather have than my trusty old Nokia E71. I read the (abysmal) reviews of the Nokia E6 to see if Nokia could come up with something better than the E71 in the same form factor. They didn't, and it's surprising that even the E72 and E73 are not up to the quality of the E71.Running Symbian S60.v3, the OS is old, but there are many apps out there nonetheless. There's a threaded SMS client available (SMSchat for $15...well worth it because I use it EVERY DAY), the built-in email client works fine, though it doesn't support push email and you can only do automatic retrieval on two accounts, the battery (I bought it two years ago) still lasts 4-5 days between charges with regular usage, and the thing is rock-solid stable.I love the breathing light that shows that the phone is on, and flashes on receiving a text message, a new email, or a missed call. I found an app (cClock) that keeps the LCD on showing a configurable clock (can show seconds, date, day of the week, etc) and has an option to turn the backlight off, so you can still see the clock in bright light at any time. However, the battery life dropped to about two days, and the breathing light had to be turned off for it to work properly, so I disabled this program.I use Mail For Exchange to sync the built-in calendar and contact list with Google Calendar and Google Contacts. It's so nice to be able to edit entries on a PC with Google Calendar and sync it with my phone, or add an appointment or reminder with the phone and sync it the other way, back to Google Calender.Using Advanced Call Manager, custom white and black lists can be made for phone numbers, and you can change the default action for blocked callers, such as sending them directly to voicemail, giving a busy signal, silencing the ringtone, etc. There is also a scheduler to change the reject call list type and the default action of rejected calls. However, it doesn't work on SMS messages. I set the Meeting call profile in the phone to not vibrate on text messages, but to vibrate for phone calls, then the advanced call manager to reject all calls from anyone not in my contact list at night. This way, I can put the phone in Meeting mode at night, and only callers in my contact list will get through for emergencies. No one would text me in an emergency, and this way only calls from my contact list will wake me up.The built-in browser leaves a lot to be desired. I installed Opera Mobile, which is a good browser, but the processor in the phone is slow enough that when scrolling with the D-pad, if the browser hangs for a second and you happen to be pressing "up" or "down," even if you let go, it scrolls to the very bottom or top of the webpage. Also, it's very easy to run out of memory running Opera Mobile with more than a couple of tabs open.I use this phone on T-Mobile's network, and so it does not use 3G on their data network, only 2.5G. It's fast enough for what I do. I believe that AT&T; is the only network in the U.S. that has 3G available for this phone due to the frequencies it uses.Call quality is great, and people have no trouble understanding me or me understanding them. I cannot say the same for any phone I've owned previously.The keypad is one of my favorite parts. I can text with one hand, while eating a sandwich, or while walking. There are ways to access Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V, allowing copy and paste. The two soft keys up top next to the D-pa are configurable for different functions, as well as the four keys next to the D-pad (Home, Calendar, Contacts, and Messaging keys). Until I find another phone that has the same tactile feedback and key layout of this phone, I won't be switching.Note that the Wifi on the E71 is only 802.11 b/g...no n wireless. It's the only g device that I still own, and my router is configured to n-only due to the performance hit of having a single g device connected. This isn't a big deal to me, but it's something to keep in mind.Tethering with the supplied USB cable works if I need Internet access for my laptop or tablet and am out of Wifi range, but the bluetooth tethering is a lot handier. At 2.5g, it's certainly not fast, but it's much better than nothing.I've used speakerphone a few times, and it works better than expected. The caller is usually really clear, and sometimes they can't tell that I have them on speakerphone.There is a factory screen protector, but it eventually will get scraped up. I've stocked up on cheap aftermarket ones, and they aren't as hard as the factory one, but at $.60 apiece, I can't complain.There are some stability problems, but very few and far between. Sometimes the phone won't receive text messages until I reboot it. I'm not sure why, but this happened just today (has happened maybe twice before in two years). Also, it's called someone without me knowing it. The person at the other end answered the phone, and could hear me in the background (the phone was in my pocket, the keypad and screen locked). He called back, and my phone answered it automatically and he could still hear me. I never heard it ring. He called my wife and told me, and I looked at the phone...no evidence of a dailed call in the call log, no evidence of a received call, no missed call, nothing. I think I may have unplugged or plugged in the power cable while it was booting, but I've never had this happen before or after this one instance.The camera isn't great, but for a phone from 2008, it's not bad at all. You have to pretty 'T' to focus it...I've read other reviews where reviewers complained about blurry pictures, and it's possible they didn't know that you have to press T to focus. I use it all the time for photos because I always have it with me. With a 32GB MicroSD card, I never run out of room.The video resolution is very poor, something like 320x240, so I almost never take video with it.I love the size...not too thick, not too thin. It slips into my front pants pocket, and that's where it spends most of its time.This is easily the most reliable, most pleasant phone I've ever had the use of, and even if the design is 5 years old and it's running an unsupported OS, I've yet to find a phone that I would rather carry with me.

Original Nokia E71x is a very nice product. I bought I refurbished one for $9.99 from AT&T; almost 2 years ago and it is still working fine. The one shown here is a Nokia E71x but conditions are attached that might make the buyer to not receiving a Nokia E71x. Nokia E71x has no duplicate, not even alike, and if it is not Nokia E71x, nothing else can be it.Amazon should delete the description and exemptions written in fine prints as they do not speak well of the organization nor the product.Thank you

buy this phone because I really like all arrived safely in good conditiononly thing is that now is very slow and much remains to be hung off and on I have to let me know why this so

I just got my phone in the mail. The phone is set to Chinese. I have no idea how to change it. WTF!!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!

This is a very nice and good phone but it coukd be better, it doesn't charge thru the USB for instance.

What can I say, the E71 is great! The build quality is outstanding, a very solid phone with no squeaks or loose parts. The only thing you need to do is get the new firmware update which was released in early DEC. '10 & then your good to go.

Great deal on a past generation phone with a great camera and space for internet and memory storage.Deals quite well with fcbk and other apps.Tends to freeze when u used it to &#34;fast&#34;

The main reason for my purchase is to get an unlocked phone so that when I'm travelling (Usa, Can, Europe) I can pop in another simcard and avoid the roaming fees (starts at 2$ / min. ouch!!)The Nokia E71 is my first smartphone and overall i'm pleased with it. Very quick to get setup using AT&T; Gophone. I was able to make it work with my Exchange work email without bothering the IT guys. My E71 did not come with the application to synch with Exchange so I had to go online to get it.Surfing is my next big activity. The included browser does the job but due to the limited screen size (compared to apple iphone), it's a bit of a pain to zoom in/out and scroll. It works best with pages formatted for mobile devices. A plus compared with Iphone is that I can surf with one thumb ;)Applications wise.. this one is a plenty. Google Maps works sweet with the included a-gps on the phone. It's no comparison to the Garmin -- but it's very usable to find the closest Starbucks or your friend's address. For the road warrior, you can leave your GPS home. Then, there's Widsets to get pages with various contents: Wall Street Journal, Google Calendar, .. Not to mention chat clients, running client (using gps), wifi hotspot (be careful about your provider's service agreement).. Works great, everything is mostly free..Last word: Make sure you get a data plan because not everything works with just wi-fi. If you can go prepaid the better to avoid the AT&T; tax for iphone users.

Based on all the reviews I had seen of this phone, I am really under whelmed by the actual product. I have used a Motorola Q9h and really wanted something  that could connect to WiFi.  While the E71 does that, it does not offer much more.  It has a few nice features, but there are many things that make you wonder what Nokia was thinking.Pro:Build quality is greatEasy set up, auto wizards did everythingBrowser is greatCall quality and signal is good (better than some LG phones but no better than my Q9h)Menu system is very good (much better than Windows mobile which hides so much).Lots of option for pic takingPC Suite is a nice free app for syncing -integrates well with OutloolGPS with Google maps is very quick to pick up signalNice to have a phone w/o all the garbage they put on the ones you get from the network operators.Syncs Outlook notesCons:Sending and deleting emails should be easier, they make it a 2 step process.  I do a lot of email and this is a major disappointment.When using IMAP for mail, no way to move emails to other folders.Categories for contacts does not carry over from OutlookNo ability to filter contacts, you must use groups.  Unable to set a default groupDoes not play quicktime or windows media video filesPic quality is just ok, color are really off unless the light is greatSignal strength meter is almost impossible to readLimited ability to customize home page, no ability to add shortcuts to non original apps (lots of plug ins for Windows mobile allowed much more flexibility)Enabling call forwarding is a very involved processAlarms are not well done.  You can not save an alarm turned off.All in all I like the phone but am not sure there is much of an improvement over the Motorola Q9h.  Generally better menu system, but email is a weak point on the E71.  If you are a light email user and are looking for a good looking phone, the E71 is a good choice.  If you are a heavy email user, go with either a Blackberry or Windows Mobile phone such as the Motorola q9h

Pros- compact, well made does all it claims to do; only the camera is less than stellar. it's quad band GSM so works all over the world. GREAT for travelers!Cons- Very feature rich, you'll need to read the manual to get the full advantages out of this phone... don't expect too much from the camera as it doesn't do well in low light, but for me, the camera was not my primary concern.

I just say, this phone is the best Nokia product so far, everything works perfect.

No doubt the best business phone I have owned. I know that the symbian OS isn't the most intuitive. Nevertheless, this is a rock solid phone. I owned an E71 since the phone came out. After two years of wear and tear, I thought I would buy an E72. However when I received the E72, I found it "lagging" and buggy. It also had a "cheaper" feel to it. I always wanted a white E71. I returned the E72 and purchase this phone. Didn't regret it one bit. The best word to describe the phone is: SOLID. And its pretty too. LOL.

I recently bought my E71 and it came promptly in great condition! I find the keys are quite close together but this I find is the only downfall. The keyboard is convenient for texting and even if you dont have a data package connecting to a open wireless network is made easy with this phone. I have not downloaded any applications yet. The battery life is excellent and volume is also good. I bought a 4GB memory card and in the process of downloading songs to the phone. The media player is configured well and very user friendly.Do not buy this phone for the camera, it is only 3.2MP!

I love my phone.  I have had many phones before, but this one comes with many great features.  I am very happy that I made the purchase.  I bought it due because I needed a phone on a GSM network.  And only AT&T; and T Mobile are on those networks.  I travel to Europe mostly and South America and Japan on occasion and I needed to have a phone that would work in all of those locations.  I found the manual a bit difficult to understand initially, but with time the features and function are great!  I am very satisfied with my choice.  The phone does require patience if you are not a Blackberry person!  I was not.  The sound and volume of the calls is great!  I had previously used LG and Sony Ericsson And I would have trouble hearing my phone ring if I had it inside a purse or backpack and even my pocket.  I can hear this phone very clear and the volume is not at maximum!The camera is not a great as my LG, but in general I would make this choice over again!

After receiving my Nokia E71x which was "ships and sold by Amazon" I started having issues with the battery holding a charge. After some research I learned that the battery that came with my phone is a knockoff, it's not even the battery that Nokia sells the phone with. Additionally, after further review I was able to find images of the E71x in retail packaging and it is not what mine came in. I am pretty well convinced that my phone, even though it was not stated in the description, is a refurbished item. The phone is a great phone, and I probably would have still paid $170 for it as a refurb but it would have been nice to know up front.

This is my third Nokia phone and I especially like the QWERTY keypad which makes it easier for me to type (I'm not a fan of touchscreen phones ... yet). I've had it for over 2 years now and it still works fine. My only issues: it freezes on command and then shuts off and reboots. Very frustrating especially when I need to send urgent texts or make calls.

No doubt phone is good and camera is perfect but E72 is far better than E71. Now i am planning to buy E72.

My wife and I both got new unlocked Nokia's a few weeks ago. I love this phone. It replaces a Motorola Razor V3 and my Palm T3. This phone is beautiful and metal! The screen is very easy to read even out in daylight ( I always had trouble with my Motorola in the sun). There are a few functions I have not yet been able to get working yet (primarily Internet phone) but everything is easy to set up. I found an app from StyleTap that allows me to use most of the apps I had on my Palm T3. This alllows me to use many of those apps on my phone, especially the data bases I have set up, and many neat games. Of course I can't use a stylus, but that has not been too much of a problem. My T3 needs mechanical repair and won't let me make stylus input anyway. One thing I really like about the Nokia is the ability to multitask, something the iPhone can't do. The phone works perfectly. Calls are clear and I have no contract remaining with AT&T so I was able to modify my current plan to include unlimited calls, messages, media messages and data for just $30 a month a $15 increase from the plan I was using for the Razor which allowed limited calling and data. If I had bought an iPhone under AT&T plan, I would have paid about the same for a locked iPhone, but a data only plan of $30 is required by AT&T for that phone. I get perfect 3G connections and I am also able to connect to my home network and other WiFi networks with a few clicks of the keypad. The keypad is small, but full QUERTY. I hated texting on the Razor but really like it on the Nokia. I have figured out how to get my big hands to work the tiny keys. The camera is easy to use and takes better pictures than my Razor did. This phone even has an FM radio! So in summary, this phone is fully customizable, has clear voice and is a great geeky smart phone.

Just got this phone from Amazon.com and I am totally loving it.I have been looking for a phone that is similar to my Blackberry Curve and this is definitely it.  The Nokia E71 is just so sleek and smart looking, much prettier than my Blackberry Curve.  The Nokia is a tad longer than the BB Curve but it is much slimmer.  Comparing the Nokia E71 with my iPhone 3G, the E71 is smaller, it is much shorter and slimmer as well.This is much easier to use than my Nokia N82.  I actually decided to sell my Nokia N82 after receiving my E71 coz hands-down, the E71 is a much better phone in terms of looks and functionality for my use.And being unlocked, I don't have to extend my contract with TMobile.Way to go Nokia!-A

I have been wanting to purchase an unlocked smartphone for sometime now and could not pass up this deal when I saw this phone for $199.  So far I am very happy with the performance of this phone.  It does so much, I'm still learning many of the features.  I mainly use the WiFi function to access the internet, as I do not have a data plan setup with T-Mobile.  It seems to be working great, always asking me which "access point" to use before connecting.  Like others have said, the camera is not great, but much much better than cameras I have had on any other phones.  I only wish that there were more apps, especially free apps similar to the Apple App Store, available for the Symbian OS, but otherwise great phone for a great price!

Besides the Pros / Cons mentioned (but some to emphasize):Pros:- Superb sync with Apple OSX 10.5 applications (Even iTunes!!!). Contacts won't miss details.- Sound is very good and loud enough even to play music.- Great software available (including Google's apps).Cons:- Even battery is elsewhere rated as high performance, to me it last between 1 1/2 and 2 days per full charge. I'm using 3G for voice (30-45 min talk per day), Bluetooth off, WiFi On all the time (about 1 hour navigation per day). I might say it could be good to have extra chargers (the original is rated 800mA)- The Media player is very slow (Videos play with glitches most of the time).- The camera is a joke. Very noisy pictures. Colors never match originals in any condition.- 2GB Micro SD card was not included on mine (docs mention that this is depending on the market)Overall, does the job for it was intended: to keep in touch all the time.Hope it helps someone.

Completely satisfied with the E71 after 3 months. In Africa, I enjoyed traveling from country to country swapping SIM cards in an unlocked QWERTY smartphone. When I returned home, my carrier-subsidized touchscreen phone with virtual QWERTY was no longer sufficient. So I researched similar phones and purchased this Nokia E71 from Amazon. It has become my preferred phone. The battery never seems to run down. One day I was able to spend 6 straight hours between calls and internet, and still had battery left. My other phone would have died after half that. The Internet Radio plays through Bluetooth in my car. The Wi-Fi works flawlessly, both in the house and at hotspots. Loaded BOLT browser for a couple of sites which refused to participate on the supplied browser.  MicroSD storage (music, photos and some seldom-used programs) works seamlessly. Nokia Suite transferred a boatload of music by Bluetooth in less than an hour.

Others have mentioned the excellent signal strength and impressive call quality of this phone, they are all true.  I just want to add that I've had this phone for nearly 10 months, and have dropped it on concrete floor, like, 6 times. So far, no problem whatsoever except for little dents on the casing. I've had other phones from Motorola, SonyEricsson, Samsung, and LG, after a couple times hitting the floor, the phones would start to auto shut down in the middle of a conversation, or wouldn't pick up a call, or lose signal strength where it should have been strong. None of such things with this phone.So I would say E71 truly has a very solid built that can withstand moderate accidental abuse.  For a couple hundred dollars, I would say this is a great buy! Highly recommended!

I am so happy i got this phone! i had an iphone and hated how restricted it was, i couldn't bluetooth to my computer from the phone, the camera was bad, no mms etc i was tired of itI got this phone and i am so happy! build quality is excellent and its much faster than my nokia N95 , it has wifi, agps, bluetooth, tons of media options,If you have a mac look for nokia multimedia sync, it will allow you to browse the phone and drag/drop files too and from the phone. I also bought a slim skin for the phone, as it is a bit slick to hold on too

Very nice cell phone with very good camera, reasonable size and weight.But if you have many business contacts you will not be able to organized them by Organization. The only way to sort your contacts is by Last, First Name. Or you will have to create groups for each company, which is a hard job.Another disadvantage is that you will not be able to search contacts by Company, Telephone number or other data. You can onlys search Names (first or last)All this is a terrible mistake if Nokia wants to compete against Windows or Palm systems cell phones.Besides this considerations is a strong device with many capabilities and for experienced users.

Pros:I am getting compliments on the phone looks from the iPhone owners.Too many to list here... Pls read reviews of othersCons:Some 3-rd party applications make phone unstable - random phone resets. Doesn't pay my bills...Update 6-3-09:Ok, I updated the firmware on this phone and it is very stable now. Didn't have any phone resets since the update for about 4 weeks. I also didn't install fring - maybe it was the culprit for instability as well.I also easily configured my work MS Outlook e-mail/calendar/contacts. Syncing up with it is a breeze and it is push client, but you need to know if your mail servers/IT department supports it.Another application that I use often is Sports Tracker - not only I use it when running, but also on the recreational trips. It provides stats on your driving, like speed/altitude/time/distance.Browser is pretty good. I use it on T-Mobile and it is satisfactory with EDGE connection.Signed up with OVI and backed up my contacts/calendar there as well.Anyway it seems like it takes a while to learn all of the features/capabilities of this device...

It's a good phone.I bought it for my wife to replace and old E62I could just upgrade your operating system using a PC.As a Mac user I can sync contacts and calendars with iSync without any problems via BluetoothSometimes the Nokia's own calendar, duplicate events with different dates. I think it is a software problemI could never prove the characteristics of the GPS because it takes too long to take satellites.For the rest, everything is more than good.

I purchased this phone in May 2009 and really liked the features of this phone: the keyboard, clear screen, ability to get an additional battery, additional memory chip and small size.  I was able to use this phone for work and personal e-mail without major problems for about a year.  Unfortunately, about thirteen months after I got the E71, it started rebooting randomly. Finally last month, on a business trip to San Diego, it began to reboot constantly, rendering it virtually unusable.  I tried reseting the device without any change.  I looked up some posts on the internets and some thought it was related to the AT&T network in certain areas.  Perhaps it was a conflict with my Jawbone bluetooth or other software I had installed.  Regardless, I could no longer depend on the phone since I will be working quite a bit in the San Diego area so, I joined the rest of my family and switched over to the iphone 4.

I've had my E71 for almost one year now.  I also have an iphone 3Gs and switch back and forth between the two.  I like them both.  The E71 has amazing battery life, my biggest complaint about the iphone.  The sound quality and reception are better on the E71.  The screen is bigger with higher resolution and it's easier to web browse on the iphone.The E71 wifi is more senstive than the iphone.  I can see and log in to weak hot spots that the iphone can't see. The Nokia Messaging provides html email but the email client is not as good as the iphone.  The iphone does load web pages faster, even on wifi.I've got apps on my E71 that you can't get on the iphone.  I've got a call recorder and blacklist, which I really like. Also, I've got Jokuspot which turns my E71 into a wifi hotspot.  This app is incredible!The iphone has threaded messages where the E71 does not.  It's nice to have, but not a big deal to me.As far as the cameras go, the iphone has a better camera, but lacks a flash.  The E71 flash is the best I've seen on any cell phone I've owned.  It's an auto flash that actually works!  It will adjust the brightness of the flash as needed.  I can take pictures in a dark room and it easily provides enought light to get a good image 10 to 15 feet away.  The E71 camera does cast a purple tint on pictures in low light situations, the main downside of it's camera.People complain about the small E71 screen, but it goes with the size of the phone.  One thing I really like about the E71 is it's small size.  It's about half the size of a Blackberry Bold.The E71 is made in Finland, and as others have said, is very well made.  I have no desire to upgrade to the China made E72.Overall, the E71 is an excellent phone and I highly recommend it.

Nokia E71 Unlocked Cell Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS - U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)I was looking for an unlocked GSM phone when I travel abroad. There are numerous products that serve this need. I bought the E71 because it promised additional features, particularly WiFi and GPS. Indeed, the promise of a GPS was my prime reason to jump into this price level rather than settle for a standard GSM phone; unfortunately, it is completely useless.Pros: The GSM worked well in several countries; however, it is difficult to find providers who support prepaid GSM with Internet connection (In the UK, O2 turned out, through a recent visit, to be an excellent provider of both).The WiFi works well so you can get your email and access web services, even if the screen and keyboard provide for a poorly designed user interface (e.g., as compared with iPhone and the likes). The camera works, but is of little value for me.Cons:1. Even as a mere phone the E71 is a trouble. You cannot dial without looking at the keyboard; and it takes some practice to hit the right keys. But the advanced features are a practical disaster.2. The GPS software simply does not work. It refuses to provide voice instructions or visual instructions, like any standard GPS. After many hours of struggling with the cryptic and useless manual and with Nokia's web site, I gave up. [Among other I followed up the instructions given to other E71 users for activating voice; I downloaded the "map loader" software into my Mac, then the "multimedia transfer" and tried to use these to get maps into the E71; but all I got is complaints from the map-loader that the phone has no memory card -- even when it has 8GB of free memory]. I managed to preload a map of London before a recent travel. But, when I reached London it turned out that the map covered a tiny section of the city and did not include such central areas as Kensington where we were staying. One bright spot is that Google Maps works on the E71. However, in the absence of voice, it is useless for navigation. Nokia should best discard its GPS software and make Google maps work on the E71; it will save itself money and save users the frustrations.3. The "free" radio application, likewise, refuses to play radio through the WiFi access point and requires the use of a cellular network, where you would pay for the "free" radio more than you would  pay for a satellite radio service.4. I would grade the user interface around 4 on a scale of 0-10 (I am a software professional). Nokia should perhaps buy iPhones for its product managers so they can learn how to get it right.5. The manual and web support are useless in resolving problems.All in all, you get a GSM camera phone and internet access -- if you can find respective prepaid providers-- with a poorly designed software and user interfaces. But then, why waste hundreds of dollars when you can get a vanilla unlocked GSM phone that will do the job. Better still, wait for the iPhone to become unlocked, or for unlocked versions of Google's Android.

More than what I asked for. Good buy at good price . Infact cheaper than most of the countries I inquired except Australia. But nevertheless if you are always on a move then this is one gadget that should be part of your travel must carry item :)

I own this E71 unlocked version and this has got to be the best phone out there. In comparison, iPhone has the "cool" factor but in terms of features, the E71 wins hands down. Blackberry has a better email client but if you go with the Nokia email client (in Beta currently), it comes pretty darn close.In reply to another reviewers comment about not being able to dial by letters, i.e. 1-800-SEPHORA, I wanted to add that it is actually possible and easy to do that. Here is what you do:1. First, dial the digits. So in the example above, that will be 18002. Then, press Shift twice on the phone (second button from left, bottom row - the up arrow). Then press the function key (first button from left bottom row)3. Type SEPHORA on your keypad. Don't worry that you are actually not pressing any numbers4. Hit Dial. Here's where the E71 is cool. It will actually translate the letters to numbers!! Try it and be in awe.And, that my friends, is only the tip of the E71 coolness.

It's my second E71. I had to sold the first one a couple of months ago and after that I was looking for a phone that had the same features but... No one can compare with Nokia E71, even E72.The Pros:*3G*FM Radio*Quick Office (even 2007 with a free upgrade)*3.2 Mp camera*Symbian (the best)*A-GPS*IR*Bluetooth*Full QWERTY device*Excelente feature that check the spelling and autocorrect the writing in SMS or Email*Contacts on Ovi*MicroSd HotSw*Excelent Battery*Excelent ProccesorCons:I can't find anyone... Just I'd like a better camera, maybe a Carl Zeis lenseBuy it!!!

This is Nokia Best phone, that they ever made. It is unfortunate that they dropped Symbian as a OS. This phone has excellent battery life and is super fast. I think in the future this will be a collectors item.

This is a great phone- no doubt about it.  The camera is great, interface is easy, it is useful and works well.  I love the WiFi- if you use the WiFi, get Opera Mini OS for the phone so you can see and access real web pages. The main problem is that AT&T sucks and I hate their crappy weak service that craps out on you- avoid them like the plague they are.  Of course, if you are stuck with them (and the crap phone I got from them bunked out right around the 1 year warrants) or have T-Mobile, I would definitely suggest the E71.

This is a real problem with the Nokia E71. For no reason it would keep on disconnecting and connecting with the blueant Z9i. I bought this bluetooth because it is highly rated. Someone found a solution that I follow. Every two days or so you have to take the power off your phone for about 20 sec or so power it back on and reconnect your blueant. The problem creeps up about every two days or so. Otherwise it's a marvellous phone. I just love it. Highly recommended.

like many people here, I think this phone is great... but my problem was the charger. The 5v 800mA (nokia original)small charger that came with the phone was faulty, I thought was the pin conector in the phone and cheking  around the web, there's a lot of people with similar problems. Now I using a 5v 350mA  charger(nokia original) and is working, but is a shame that Nokia make this wonderful phone and don't care about the other products in the box..

I don't ask too much from my phone - it needs to work and not crash, access the internet reasonably quickly through wi-fi without any data plan, have a calendar that syncs with outlook, and have decent battery life. Compared with any flashed phone I've had, this one is way better and works without hiccups from the original carrier's bloatware. Battery life and screen are great. 5 stars!

Update: After more than 2 years of using this phone, I just wanted to provide an update for anybody who is intereted in this one. My phone still goes strong, no issues at all. Battery life is still good. Nokia provided 5 software upgrades so far. Turn by turn navigation is awesome which was not there when I bought this one. I paid $450 when it came out, now it costs $200 which is a real steal. Very few products on Amazon hwv such high rating after 300+ reviews which speaks a lot about this product.This phone is amazing! I am impressed. The best build quality I have ever seen on a cellphone. This is built like a tank with some real metal and precision engineering. You have to hold it to feel it. Even with all the superlatives, be ready for a pleasant surprise if you ever buy this phone.The 1500mAh battery is one of the juiciest ever on a cellphone and will last 2-3 days on 3G with moderate to heavy use. I gave up trying to drain the battery out on this one.Call quality is excellent and the earpiece is loud. Keypad is nice and comfy. Symbian OS is really snappy with no lags, and supports multitasking. No crashes or reboots after 3 weeks of ownership. E-Mail setup was super easy. There is a wee bit of learning curve with Symbian, but I could master this phone in 2-3 days with little help from the manual/online forums.The out of the  box feature set is awesome. It is the swiss knife among smartphones. Bluetooth stereo, Podcast, music player, GPS, WiFi, VOIP, MMS, email push, POP and IMAP support, calendar and contacts sync, Microsoft exchange compatibility, full web browser, QuickOffice, PDF, zip..you name it, this phone comes with it. There are tons of 3rd party apps available online for Symbian OS.And the most important of all it works as a phone!. Very good reception like any other Nokia, and the call quality is superb.Only cons I can think of are:- Finger prints on the stainless steel and glass surfaces.- Camera is nothing special to write about.- Email clients are adequate for an average consumer, but not enterprise grade.- 2.5 mm audio jack needs special adapters (cheap) or Nokia earphone.

I like Nokia phones a lot, mostly because they have a nice software and they are easy to use. I decided to get this phone because the reasonable price and the reviews I read before. Pros: easy to use software, nice applications, great style, size, weight, keyboard is great and easy to use (not like iphone "keyboard" that is annoying), reception is excellent (I am using 3g).What I don't like: camera, pictures have really bad quality, flash does not help and it's pretty much imposible to get a picture if it's dark. This phone has 2 major issues: sometimes software gets freezed and does not respond after 10 seconds most likely, after that it works fine. The other issue is that sometimes the phone does not displays anything but the main screen, no menu, no messages, anything, to get this solved I have to turn the phone off and turn it back on, I just checked and I have the latest firmware and software so I guess the may be working on this.

I have just received my lovely nokia E71 5minutes ago. The look makes me excited.I have not set it up. But, I tell you what, this is the phone I have been longing for. I have searched for a phone of this nature for over 2months. Now I am convinced that this is it. In fact I love it, it is a gentleman's piece. If you are a gentleman go for it, you will love it too. There might be some little issues with it which I might realize later, I do not really care, I will fix them. The only accessory that came with it which does not feel like its family member is the head set. I wish Nokia should reconsider it.

so fast speed on the S60 OS , cheap price , nice design .  from 

I bought this phone over a year ago. It was the closest thing to a BlackBerry I could find without an excessive rate charge from a service provider. I am still discovering new ways to use my phone. Recently, my phone dropped out of my pocket and down a flight of concrete stairs. The back plate and battery went flying. I thought for certain it was ruined. I put the phone back together and turned it on. It worked without any hesitation, and the only damage I could find was a crack on the glass faceplate.I use this phone for so many things and the least of it is a phone! I have put in an 8 GB memory card in for pictures, music, and even a few documents. The camera has a stabilizer that reduces fuzzy pictures. My only complaint is that I don't know how to turn the sound off on the camera. It makes an obnoxious noise. The only other problem I have had with this phone is the adapter for the headset. Sometimes it does not recognize the accessories and I have to reboot.Overall, I am extremely happy with this phone since it replaced my BlackBerry.

I'm a 48 yoa male in the computer I.T. arena. Always been a " computer geek ". I'm also on the AT&T; network due to traveling abroad to other countries. Let me start off by stating I have owned many smart phones- Blackberry, Iphone, HTC Tytan II, etc. For the last two years I have had a love hate relationship with Windows mobile professional 6.1 operating system on my last smart phone. Does everything you'd want a phone to do- but snail paced slow-- very poorly at best. So my review will reflect comparisons between the two phones.Opening the box I found all items intact and packaged well. My first impression after looking at the phone was " wow, incredible build quality"- fit, finish and design were stellar. Blackberry could learn something from the folks at Nokia. Setting up the phone involved removing my 3g sim card and installing it in the E71 followed by installing the battery and cover. Now to charging. The charger design is nice but I have reservations on the charger cord. The cord is thin and only time will tell on the durability. Also in box was a corded headset (cheap at best), an extremely short computer interface to phone cable( with some kind of proprietary usb connector on the phone end), nice leather slip case, software cd, quick starter flyer,instruction booklet- A real printed user guide.Waiting for the phone to charge, I broke out the manual- great! Another operating system to learn- Symbian version 60 ?. Done skimming the manual and now booting up the phone. What? No waiting 3 to 5 mins for phone to boot up? I'm liking this operating system already. The E71 snaps to the home screen quickly. I find the screen very intuitive and very easy to see. First impression of the qwerty keyboard is buttons are awfully close together for my big mitts. But after a few days I've found the domed keys to be of no issue for me while typing one handed. Phone is very responsive to inputs and no lag in operating system. Now milling around thru the software and settings. I find the phone settings and software usable but some learning curve involved coming from a windows mobile phone. Definitely not worth fretting about- zipping through the menus in no time. Being unlocked, I have no carrier useless bloatware and phone works great on the AT&T; 3G and edge network.Back to using this as a phone- after all that is why if bought it in the first place. I wanted great call quality-not good or mediocre . And I found it with this phone- transmit and receive quality are again stellar with strong, consistent signal strength . You will NOT get that with an Iphone- period.Lots of free shareware for this operating system and have found Symbian operating system very stable. I had to reset my Windows mobilea least once a day sometimes more. This has been running a week without a hitch and I can get about 3 to 4 days of use before charging.Using Bluetooth,GPS and maps,Wifi, and Ird transfer to be just as easy and work as flawlessly as the rest of the features- including the provided software suite used to interface your computer info to your phone.In summary, the reviews here on Amazon on the E71 and the huge price drop compelled me to try this phone. I think I just might purchase another one. I'm that impressed- what a nice breath of cell phone/smartphone nirvana.One lacking feature I've found is low internal storage capacity. Highly recommend purchasing a 4 or 8 gig Micro SD card. Thats about it.

Its an excellent phone except the following :1.The phone heated up twice without any application running. Not sure if it will happen again.2. If you do not have any WLAN or data connection, do not go online while using the GPS feature. The phone hangs.3. When you are out of your WLAN range and any of your applications running using WLAN, the phone will irritate you to search for a WLAN. So switch off all your application before you go out of your WLAN. This observation is only for WLAN not for data plan.Everything else is perfect. Enjoy the phone, its a good one.

Phone:Has great call quality, but needs a good signal. Used this with Tmobile first and was disappointed since the signal strength in my area was very low. Then switched to AT&T; and am amazed what this phone is capable of. Loudspeaker is good, although has to be cranked up all the way high. Had a Nokia N73 earlier which is by far the best phone in terms of voice clarity and loudness.Build Quality:Build quality is exceptional. Phone feels solid and keypad is a pleasure to type with. After using it for about a month with only a screen protector, I see no scratches on the metal back or anywhere on the phone (touch wood!)Messaging:This is a great phone for messaging. The physical keyboard makes typing a lot easier. Nokia email is installed automatically if you try to add gmail, hotmail or yahoo accounts. It provides true push email. However, software is still a little buggy. Also has support for Microsoft Exchange, although there is no HTML support. This phone can also read out your Text messages.GPS:Used with the A-GPS, this phone gets a fix even indoors. Outside the fix is within seconds. Phone comes with Maps 2.0, but can be upgraded to Maps 3.0. Nokia's navigation is excellent, but unfortunately is not free. The entire U.S. map can be stored on the SD card and is only about 1.2 GB. Google maps work very well with AT&T; 3G, but was not able to update maps quickly enough on TMobile's Edge (while driving at 65mph).Built in apps:There are some very good, but lesser known, built in apps on this phone. The podcasting app lets you view audio and video podcasts for free. The dictionary app is excellent for quick lookups as well as translating the word to other languages. Language packs can be downloaded from the nokia website. The internet radio app has quite a few stations to choose from and works very well even on 3G.VOIP:This phone does VOIP quite well. It can be paired with Gizmo. If you have a Google number and set to forward your calls to Gizmo, you can actually take your call on this phone and not spend any cell phone minutes.Battery:Battery life seems to be great in standby mode. I went through almost a day with Nokia Email in push mode without loosing even a single bar on the battery indicator.Other apps:Sports Tracker is a great app if you like to keep track of your exercise activity like walking, running, cycling. This app plots your route on a map and keeps track of your pace (and even what music you are listening to at that moment!). It works with only the internal GPS and doesn't need additional sensors. This app alone makes the GPS worth having in this phone. Workouts can be uploaded to the nokia sports tracker website [...].Fring works well for instant messaging as well google voice chat. I tried nimbuzz too. Although nimbuzz had a smaller memory footprint, I was not able to get google voice chat to work with it. Fring also has built in support for automatically switching from wifi to 3g and vice versa. e.g if you are on 3G, and get within range of a known wifi access point, Fring will within 5-10 mins automatically change over to wifi. Similarly if you walk out of your wifi range, it will fall back to 3G.Google Mobile supports voice search that actually works! It is another must have app for the e71.Multi-Tasking:By far the best feature of this phone is its multi-tasking capability. All symbian phones support multi-tasking in theory, however, due to memory (RAM) constraints, most phones are not able to run more than 1 or 2 apps simultaneously. This phone has a total RAM of 110MB and after startup has a whooping 62MB free. I have been able to run Microsoft exchange, Nokia email, Fring, SportsTracker and the music player all simultaneously and still have about 40mb free.Web Browsing:The built in web browser works well for mobile websites, but is not able to handle larger web pages so well. Wlan speeds are slow. I am not able to get anything more than 1.5mbps using speed tests, even though my internet connection is about 9mbps. This phone supports HSDPA (3.5G) and works well with AT&T;'s data network. Opera mini is able to handle full blown web pages and makes the web browsing experience just about acceptable.Update:Unfortunately the phone does get really hot after being on 3G for a few mins or on a call for 15-20 mins. Maybe I just got a defective piece :-( Sending it back for a replacement.

I picked the phone because I wanted something that not everyone else has.  iPhones and Blackberry phones are Everywehre.  I like the look of the iPhones, but I don't like the touch screen for texting.  I like the keyboard on Blackberry phones, but I don't like how thick the phone is and small the keyboards are.  Nokia is such a great choice for two in one for my life style. It's functional, it's user friendly, its got clean sounds and clear screen, it's got 3.2 mgp camera, and it's thin and beautiful.  I'm very very very happy with it... :)

Nice phone great service. The product worked perfectly in all ways except it wouldn't connect via 3g because of my carrier, consumer cellular. I filed a claim and seller tried to make it work. When it couldn't be done I received a refund.

Update; December 2009:  It has been almost a year of using the Nokia E-71 not only for calls but also for Internet browsing, reading and replying to e-mails, text messages and using it as a video and music player.  The more time I spent with the phone, the more features I discovered.  Because it has been protected by a full cover leather case, has survived many accidents including being lost overnight in the snow.Attached to my belt, has been with me for probably 16 hours per day while at work and during leisure activities.  Has been in the ON Mode 24/7 because it is used as my alarm clock and the 3-G always active receiving e-mails anytime, faster than the server that sends these to my computer.  Average battery life is typically of Nokia and needs recharging every third day with regular use.Using an 8GB Micro SD card, many applications have been installed plus 50 MP-3 albums, podcasts, like 20 video clips, several long MS-Word documents, PP Presentations, Excel charts and even PDFs plus ten full movies compressed to 300 MB each under AVI format.  The reception with ATT's 3-G has always been great; no complains.Two weeks ago after falling from my belt, the phone developed the well documented "Turn Off Syndrome" when any key was pressed.  Checked the Nokia Website and seems that has become a fairly common issue for many users.  Tried all the solutions posted but none of them worked, so I ordered another unlocked phone, the Nokia 5800.  This new phone is a great device (will review it soon; still testing battery life), but since it was not a replacement for the E-71 and not finding other phones I would consider as true replacements, did erased "everything" on the device and installed the new firmware (300.XXX.XX) the original version was 100.XXX.XX.  Also, installed the new software (for the S 60 OS) from Nokia's site.To my surprise, the problem was solved and it's great that Nokia's upgraded firmware has some new features including a much faster Internet browser and four new wallpapers that make easy reading the relatively small fonts and make the Icons more noticeable.  Two of these wallpaper screens are red and the other two in black shades; very nice!  The only think I am noticing is that battery recharging time has decreased from three to two days.  But that is still a considerable time compared with the berries collection, the I-Phone and the many other new phones that run Windows Mobile.Thus, it has been a year of satisfaction with this attractive device and have no major complains.  Even though I have tried most of the other keyboarded phones including the berries the palms and the Samsung's Blackjack & Jack, none has the conveniences of the E-71 as for fast and accurate messaging.  The wired mic & phones are history and the device is paired to three others, two Plantronics headphones and the Garmin GPS.  In conclusion, the more time I spend with the phone, the more I like it and the harder it has been to find a proper replacement for it.  Thus, I have planned to keep it as my business phone for at least 2010 but getting a new battery.  Pictures of the phone have been included.Initial Review; January 2009:  After reading several reviews, I ordered a Nokia E-71 Unlocked US Version from Amazon. This is the first Unlocked Phone I get and will comment on "unlocked devices" at the end. I selected a Nokia E-71 after having tried several phones which included the LG Incite, RIM's Storm, Samsung's Omnia and the Blackberry Bold. Why did I not stay with any of these phones? Basically because of very few and subtle advantages found on the Finnish product wanting a phone of proper size capable of my e-mail, multimedia and web searching needs.With the E-71 Nokia's has been able to offer consumers a beautiful stainless steel device full of features that most users will probably never even know that they have on their hands. From an Infrared Transmitter, to literally reading your messages so you actually listen to e-mails instead of having to read small fonts on the screen to voice dialing, an integrated GPS and a full multimedia system that allows you to see videos, podcasts and listen to your favorite music. Not to mention good quality of reception, sound, a great Symbian OS, up to ten e-mails and all powered by the well known long lasting Nokia battery.The shortcomings are only few in my opinion. The first one is the micro jack for the headphones and microphone. The second one is the micro USB port for connection with the computer. Nokia should have used the standard ones like other companies have been doing. The third shortcoming is the small screen fonts (even on the large setting) that make difficult reading some e-mails and MM messages. Besides these three, I consider that all the plusses make these limitations not significant.Unlike most American products, Nokia uses a port for charging the phone separate than the one used for connecting the phone to the computer. This has pros and cons but for me is better leaving the phone charging wherever I want instead of needing to leave it next to the computer in another area of the house. As well, if you are away from home and do not have a computer, the charger will do it by itself.The E-71 has a full Qwerty keyboard and this is what probably makes this phone the best choice for persons that need or like to type considerably. What makes the keyboard unique is its design. First, the keys with numbers have been located in the center. Those of us who have used the Bold and other RIM products have struggled when trying to type the numbers 4 and 7 in a sentence because they are immediate next to the only ALT key of the RIM keyboards. You will not have this problem with the E-71.Nokia has wisely assigned lowercase keys to two of the most important characters when surfing the web or composing e-mails. These are the @ and the period ( . ). On other devices such as the RIM ones, these have to be activated trough ALT plus the corresponding key. On the Nokia keyboard the @ is immediately left of the space bar and the period is slightly up and to the right. These become very convenient when typing.This keyboard has a very attractive charcoal colored (almost black) on the grey version. In order to differentiate the keys with numbers, the upper half of these have a lighter color. Thus, if you turn the phone slightly downwards, 12 keys in the center show up in grey color. These have the numbers 0 to 9 and the # and * keys often used when accessing message centers and companies. In order to have all these in just three rows of keys, Nokia has placed the zero to the right of the number 9. Not what we are used to but quite clever.Compared with the Bold the keys are somewhat smaller and no space between them. But, their convex shape makes typing relatively easy even for persons with big thumbs. One thing that works for me is having the phone flat on a surface and type with the index fingers.On the upper part of the keyboard, ten keys have been arranged in a not so usual way which includes the square that substitutes the "rolling ball mouse". At first was sort of difficult to use it but when you web browse, the logic behind becomes evident.This is one of the few phones that come with a leather strap which attaches on the lower left corner of the device. This is extremely convenient when you receive a call and need to rapidly take out the phone from a pant pocket or if it's being carried inside your jacket or coat.The installed software has many features which are found only in more expensive devices. Their Office Suite has even the Acrobat reader and Word and Excel documents can be edited. Not so with PowerPoint, Access and Publisher but that' Ok since the screen on cell phones is relatively small. I guess that the IR Transmitter will be useful sending a document to a printer so you'll be able to see/read it in full size.Thus, the E-71 is a product with multiple capabilities that can be used as a phone, a micro computer, a messaging system and even as a substitute of your Personal Video Player to watch your favorite videos while commuting or flying. Even though it was intended for companies (that's why the E; for Enterprises) the device can easily make its way into the average consumer. Needless to say, I consider this Nokia the best bang for your buck in the current world of smart phones. I have had mine for four weeks and plan on keeping it.Currently there are two versions of the phone being sold "unlocked"; the US version and the European version. At the time I wrote this (01/09) those that plan to use the ATT network needed to get the US version. In contrast, T-Mobile users need to get the European version. This is because of the different operating frequencies of the carriers.Why should someone get an Unlocked Phone instead of buying one with a plan? Well, it's what you will end up playing with the plan for the next two years. Carriers actually make more money out of the contract (at least $2,500) than of the alleged discounted price of the phone ($250).I have been a customer of Cingular/ATT since the first cell phones came out in the nineties and do not complain of their reception in general. As well have had Sprint and Verizon but only because of reception problems with ATT in specific geographical areas I've lived.But, this time I bought an "unlocked" phone because I did not want to be "locked" with a two year contract with any company. That way, when advances in technology present us with a better product, I'll be able to get it immediately.

Wonderful layout, just what I wanted except: it wasn't compatable with AT&T service in Puerto Rico. I took it to a technician to  unlock it. It couldn't be done. The last carrier was tracfone in the U.S. So I ended up spending another $128 for a &#34;smarter&#34; Nokia from the local AT&T shop. I don't like it but I have to live with it. YOUR NOKIA e71 WILL BE RETURNED VIA FEDEX VERY SOON! Please give me an address to mail it to. I expect a full refund on this purchase. Gerald F. Forbes

Here are 10 things I like about this phone;1- Solid metal construction, slimmer then average block phone out there.it feels good in your hand.2- Responsive keys3- Good camera and video capabilities4- Can take large memory cards and you do not have to remove the battery to access the card.5- Wifi rocks,It remembers the locations you have been to and switches accordingly.6- I downloaded Program called Fring and now I am able to call all my frinds on skype at any hotspot as well as regular phone numbers ( with a minimal fee from Skype).7- Dedicated function keys ( efficent)8- Video call capabilities.9- Great office programs ( spreadsheet, word processor as well as a slide presentation capabilities)10- Able to create folders and move files as i want .

I used the E71 exclusively for the last 6 months. I would consider myself a advanced user who bought the phone for its extensive set of features.What I was looking for when I bought the device:* An actual keyboard* Comparatively small form factor* 3G* GPS* Contacts & Calender sync features* SIP integration (VoIP)Pros:* Build quality of the handset is quite nice. The phone survived 6 months in my pocket without any protection.* The keyboard works despite its small size really wellSoftware cons:The main reason why I rated the phone 2 stars is because of its extremely bad software. Unfortunately Nokia never developed the software beyond prototype status. The entire user interface is absolutely inconsistent, buggy and not mature.* Even if you just run native Nokia apps you will be surprised how many different ways to access the phone book, enter text or access other phone functionality Nokia came up with. The way the menus are organized seem to be completely random for first time Nokia users. All in all it takes forever to get used to this unintuitive interface.* The native email client is a laugh at best. How can a business phone be limited to 2 email accounts? I had to buy a 30USD 3rd party app to be able to run an email setup with the feature set I would have expected from the native client on a pro phone.* I got about 300+ contacts in my address book. Opening the contact list takes about 3s. If someone calls me from my contacts it takes 2-3s before I see the name instead of the number.* I use the Nokia push mail service to receive email from one specific account almost instantly. To not miss an important mail I have a long ringtone assigned to incoming mails. You would think that the ringtone stops after the first button on the phone is pressed. Not so with the E71. It keeps happily ringing till the ringtone is fully played.* The SIP implementation is useless because once the phone looses the connection to the server it never restores it again. To restore the connection you have to restart the phone.* Every time I want to access 3G with a 3rd party app the phone asks me if it should allow the app to access the internet and in the next step which connection to use. There should be a integrated rule system regulating 3G access and a possibility to set a default connection.* There is no way to disable auto capitalization.Hardware cons:* With frequent 3G usage the battery doesn't even last a day. I had to extend the period between mail retrieval and syncs to be able to go trough a day without charging.* Quality of the camera is quite badSummary:All in all I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. If money is no concern and you look for a shiny handset to make calls and send a text once in a while the E71 is the way to go. Otherwise stay away from it.

After long time waiting I received Nokia E71x BLACK -  wrong model and wrong color. the software is 03.28 versus 501.21.109. Lacking all the functionalities I needed.  The E71x DEAS NOT offer two customizable Home Screen views with active stand-by plug-ins, and application shortcuts for fast and easy switching between business and personal modes. if I don't get the proper software on the phone I will sent it back. the only positive thing is working in Puerto Rico with AT&T. I had 2 same models before and after one year of BB I wanted to go back to my favorite phone... The description is WRONG!

I was looking for no-contract smartphone. I did features comparison with blackberry, and found that it has all the features of blackberry at half the price. Nokia E71 is my first smartphone and i am impressed by the advanced features. sound quality is great. video looks great. webbrowser is fast. camera is good. I haven't used most of its features. So far the only hiccup i have observed after 3 months of use is, there is no 'view number' option in call log if the number has already been added as a contact. Its is a minor thing. keyboard is easy to use, camera has flash. I would definitely recommend it.

Bought this phone for my girlfriend, she has been using the phone for voice and texting.The phone interface is easy to use.  I recommend this phone.

This is a great device, the GPS works great, I live in Panama, Central America, but I used the GPS in US, first time ever using a GPS and it was perfect, It detects every WLAN, good range, works inmediately with my SIM card I gave it a 5 stars for every single feature... I installed Fring to use Skype for international calls, my wife was very pleased, cuz she don`t have to use the computer and the headphones to call her sister anymore. I have big fingers and Im able to press the correct keys, so I dont have problems with the keyboard, is a little tight, but its useful, I was chatting thru msn yesterday and I wrote at a good speed, without mistakes.  The camera works great, to be honest, I have no Cons for this device, If you are planning buying one... go ahead, you will be glad to have one.

i had the older version and had a hard time giving it up. i only did when it totally died so i got the upgrade. i love it. it has many of the same features but better.ive heard many complaints about the battery, but ive had no issues in that regard.

I have purchased this phone cople of weeks ago, and so ar it has been perfect in use. I always wanted to switch to this qwerty keyboard phines and I think I made the best choice. All the features work well, including GPS. it's design is much more solid compared tu other relevant tupes of Nokia E series.I would recommend this phone! great purchase with great price!!!

This smart phone is very good. For being 2 years old it still does what newer smart phones can do, at times even better. Beware, this phone is very Sexy. You will get looks. If James Bond carried a cell phone, he would carry this one.

No soy usuario regular de telefonos Nokia, pero es muy amigable, el unico detalle es con el GPS, se queda colgado el telefono sino estas en un area despejada, como la ventana o en la calle, pero en la oficina o en la casa hay que sacarle la pila al telefono para poder encenderlo de nuevo...El dise&ntilde;o es muy delgado, un poquito pesado pero soportable, es una compra muy buena a pesar del detalle, que puede eliminarse de colocarle o instalarle otras aplicaciones...

This is a really great phone, though not with the updated phone feature of a touch screen. This is exactly what I was looking for. It has a qwerty keyboard. There is a bit extensive learning curve, but it does not take away from being able to use the basic functions right away. Initially one should be careful about the language chosen for the operation of the phone. The service provided by the Seller was very, very good and more than expected since initially I thought there was a problem with my order. The Seller responded promptly and sorted out the difficulty I was having much to my satisfaction. Although I'm not sure I would order an item being sent from China again, I would certainly deal with the Seller again.

This is my 4th attempt...I can't seem to keep it short!  Anyway, right off the bat, I LOVE this phone.  I looked for over a month, reading reviews, trying to find the perfect phone since my contract was ending (I had a Motorola V3xx). I wanted a smartphone, and thought the iPhone was the way to go...then I found out it had no stereo Bluetooth (unacceptable to me for my next phone), the forced data plan was kinda pricey to be locked into, I didn't like the plastic of the new 3G version, and I heard the battery life wasn't very good.  I also read the same about Windows Mobile phones.  Then I got to the E71.  I'd have to sacrifice the flashy big touch-screen...and I'm so glad I did.  To have a phone with a full QWERTY keyboard on a device this thin (instead of a big-brick slider phone), a beautiful steel frame and battery cover, great tactile feedback and domed keys making up for lack of space between them (even with my big thumbs)...it was so worth it.Received it in 2 days, popped in my old SIM card, called up and got an inexpensive unlimited data plan (active as soon as I hung up the phone, turned it off and back on), and was off and running!  Web browsing is a blast, e-mailing is great (probably my only complaint with the phone is that I can't SAVE e-mails on it..check for new ones, the old ones disappear..still haven't found a work-around for that yet), there's a ton of freeware out there for the operating system (for AIM/IM programs, even a free voice-guided GPS program I found!), camera is better than the RAZR's (though most do say it's terrible compared to other phones), I've got over 500 songs (any of which can be the ring tone!) on an 8GB card, 4 e-books, and lots of room left...I could go on, but just read other reviews!If you have the opportunity, hold one...that alone may sell you on the thing!  I don't regret spending the $$$ on this phone unlocked vs. getting a subsidized phone/new contract...the $$$ I will save on the data plan alone will pay for the difference in a lot less time than a contract would take!

This cell phone looks nice and has a lot of functions, unfortunately mine has given me several problems, which started on day 1. Turning the cell off is always a problem, and less than a year later mine is not working at all. I tried to purchase a new battery to see if that would solve the problem, but the problem is indeed with the phone. I highly discourage people from purchasing this phone.Camera quality was not good either.

Hardware Superior, OS Takes Some Time to Get Used to.PROS:Let me start off with what the most important in a phone, the call and voice quality.  I live in the NYC area and the reception with this phone is superior.  I have had BB, Motorola, HTC(winmo), and LG phones all within the past 3 years, and believe me it makes a difference to have a Nokia.  The radios and data services speeds are unparalleled to any other 3G phone I've had.  It also works well in rural areas of NY, PA, and NJ and has become my link to the office when traveling.Outside of that, this phone does everything!  It even has barcode scanning software on it.  The default email software is poor, but Nokia mail or Seven (which is what I use now) give me faster then BB service. Contact sync with google is like having BES, and the media playback and browser are fantastic.Build quality is very high.  The phone is extremely slim and a bit heavy, but not so much where it is a bother. Battery lasts well over 2 days with normal use.  Heavy use and your going to need a spare if you don't bring a charger.  Not a big deal as you can pick up those and other accessories for cheap off ebay.Some other great features built in or via 3rd party:Lower Monthly AT&T; Data Rates (15/mo vs 30)Loud Ringer and Speaker PhoneLast.fm & FM radio /w RDS playerWiFi AP mode so I can connect my ipod or Notebook (joiku)GPS Software and Mapping Quick lock through a-GPSWiFi ConnectivityVoIP (I use this with my Co PBX)Flash video compliantVideo Conferencing Front side camera.Tons of 3rd party games and appsCons:Negatives are minimal and most can be overcome as well.  The OS is a bit tricky at first (I was too programed to using a BB).  Once you become familiar with it you'll like it better.  The 2.5mm headset jack is a bit of a pain and the headset that comes with the phone is awkward as one headphone wire is shorter in wire then the other. The D pad is a bit close to the quick buttons and can make it hard to navigate with gloves. The charger port is a pain.  I don't know why they didn't use the microUSB port to charge as well.  This was an oversight in my opinion.At the price of 280 or less you will not be disappointed.

Bought this phone for my brother, he has been looking at it for some time now. It is a great phone for people who don't want to lose touch with the office while out of the office. It allows for two email accounts to be used simultaniously, not to mention the phone also has wifi. Another great feature is being able to switch from one application to another without ending the application you were originally using and it is very easy to shuffle from one to the other. The phone looks great as well and feels great in your hand. The keyboard works perfectly even if it may seems a bit tight at first. It functions identically to a regular keyboard even with the short commands for cut, copy and paste. Long and short this phone works great and would recommend it to anyone who wants an alternative to blackberry or replacement of a Blackberry. The nokia E71 is alot easier to use.

I am a Nokia fan ....had quite a lot of nokia phones.......had the E63 and thought that was kool....until i got the E71....this phone is just really kool.....i hav a few problems however ....the Maps dont work in my country.....plus my camera is not as good as i hope it would be .....other than that i love this phone on a scale of 1_10 i would give this phone 11...i really love it

This is one of the best smartphones ever created, It posses a lot functionality for reasonable price, It just worth the deal. 100% recommended

This is an excellent phone.  I got mine through StraightTalk, and am exceedingly happy with it.  Call quality - excellent.  The only complaint I have is that the screen is small, especially compared to all the newer android-type phones, so game-playing is a tad difficult.  This phone has everything you could ever need on a phone, and then some!  It is a quality device, and looks and feels like quality.

i have been use it for 2 years now it is still work good even i dropped it many times.

I like this product very much and I also liked the service that was offered by Amazon.  The phone is the ideal product for business persons and other professionals.

Simply put, you can't find any better smart phone. It's tiny, sleek, thin, big screen, real buttons (can't stand those touch screens), and has the Microsoft exchange server, which means it receives the email easily and automatically. No need to pull them & no need to erase them after a week. One can define when to get work emails, so lets say you can get work emails only between 8am to 8pm on weekdays. After that, you'll have to actively pull them. Genius.

This is a great Nokia phone! The only drawback is the closeness of the keys, but that is expected on such a narrow instrument. I have almost gotten used to it, and it is serving me well. Thanks Nokia!

I cannot speak highly enough about this phone.  I've gone through 4 phones in the last 2 years looking for a durable phone that doesn't irritate me.  There are no good touch phones except for the Iphone, but since I use a company phone and swap out a SIM I cannot use the Iphone.  This phone is beautiful, easy to use, and just a relief.Pros:  Keypad locks so no pocket dialing, Memory card slot with internal memory, Bluetooth, Good sound quality, lots of ways to set-up quick keys to access contacts, messaging, camera, ect.  The best part about this phone is the battery life, I have never had a phone last as long as this battery.  6 months out and it will last days on a single charge with lots of phone calls and messaging.  I rarely have to put a charge on this thing and when I do plug it in it charges very quickly.  If anyone is experiencing anything different you must have a bad battery or have never had phones that I have that needed to be charged daily.  The phone is as tough as nails, not literally, don't use a hammer on it, but it does take abuse very well.Cons: The messaging isn't the "bubble style" like in an ipod, the messages come independent of any previous messages or replies, the buttons are a bit small when messaging but you very quickly become adjusted to this and typing is again a breeze.  Picture quality is phone picture quality, it doesn't compare to a digital camera but is nice for sending pictures over messaging or to facebook.

HelloAlthough the total price charged as per the invoice on record was USD179.99 on 17 Dec 2010, on 18 Jan 2011 I was surprised to discover that Amazon charged me an extra USD79 for nothing I can see was ordered on my order history for the past 6 months. Why has Amazon charged me this extra amount? I intend to instruct my bank not to authorise this payment and dispute it with Amazon.I would appreciate your prompt recponse.RegardsBachir

By far the best smartphone I have experienced. I've been an avid Blackberry fan up until deciding to replace my Blackberry Pearl with the Nokia E71. Mine was made in Finland which was a nice surprise! Somewhat heavy which gives it a very solid and well constructed feel. Screen is very clear, and the pictures are gorgeous. Typing takes some time to get used to, and I still hit a couple letters every once in a while that i don't mean to. All the basic phone capabilities (voice clarity, sound, connection) are as as good as any other.Basically a beautiful, stylish, thin and well-built phone that should last me a very long time. Ditch the Blackberry plastics for one of these!

Everything was excellent, without any trouble.I recommend everybody the phone and the service given by Amazon

This unlocked phone works great with AT&T and they have not discovered I am using a smart phone so my bill hasn't gone up.  I do subscribe to the unlimited text/data.  I highly recommend this phone!

I received this phone as a huge surprise on Christmas Eve. I had been wanting this phone for quite a while because of its businesslike appearance and features, and to replace my old and somewhat lacking LG KP500 Cookie.Here are the main pros and cons of this phone.PROS:-Amazing Quality and Form: The phone is wrapped in a chrome metallic surface and just screams quality. Just to hold the phone is a treat. All the buttons are where you expect them to be (and all feel well made), and little touches like a gripped backing add a feeling of extra stability to the phone. Compared to the somewhat plasticy Blackberry, this feels way better.-User Interface: The somewhat complicated (see Cons) Symbian UI is excellent for both the businessman and the personal user. It provides extended customization and easy access to Email and all of your apps right from the home screen. Notifications also pop up on the home screen, and a notification light blinks. You can also switch between two Home screens, a business one and a personal one.-3G and Wi-Fi connectivity: My current plan is T-Mobile's Pay-As-You-Go plan, which only runs on basic GPRS technology, so I can't actually comment on the 3G connectivity. The Wi-Fi functions work incredibly fast, with no issues connecting. Setting up Wi-Fi is a breeze, and it remembers saved networks.-Camera and Video: The 3MP camera is pretty good. It works well in both low light and sunlight, and offers autofocus, flash, and many different color overlays. Video has good quality as well. There is also a front-facing camera, but I haven't gotten around to using it yet.-Apps and Ovi App Store: Tons of Apps can be downloaded to this Phone. Facebook, Myspace, Youtube, QuickOffice, a Mail Client, and IM all come preloaded. Not much to say here, everything works as it should. Note: Skype and Opera Mobile are also available for download and they both work incredibly well on this phone.-E-Mail Client: Amazing, Robust Client... Much better than Blackberry or iOS's included clients. Allows for autosync and multiple addresses, with tons of customization options.CON:-UI COULD be hard to use for some, mainly because of the somewhat disorganized folders.-Ovi Store sometimes freezes up on me and I have to force exit the app.-Ovi PC software is a bit buggy.OTHER:-Battery Life: Not really a con, not really a pro; 2 days with heavy use. With minimal use, it lasts up to four days.Overall, I would easily recommend this phone to any "heavy" cell phone user, especially at the somewhat low price tag.

When my e61 traveled to the big cell cemetery in the sky, I went into deep mourning. But when my new e71 arrived with angels singing, clouds parting and sun streaming in, my depression lifted. This is a welcome update to the eSeries and is fantastic. The network capabilities are great, the speed has jumped considerably and the applications run flawlessly. Great attention has been paid to tweaking the interface to remove the quirkiness of the e61 in certain sections, so the user experience is more fluid and pleasant. Speaker is good, screen is a hair small, but very clear, processing speed is great, and on-board memory is adequate. Can't recommend this phone enough! Just be careful to get the correct version (e71-2 for US). Enjoy!

It's too complicated and when I tried to connect it with my hotmail address I realized that it's impossible with hotmail for some reason. Even if you connect it with gmail or yahoo, you need to log in to see new messages..

Having read most of the reviews already posted, you should know that this is generally very powerful, high quality phone.  That said, a few items frustrated me.  Because of the amount and sophistication of the features of this phone, documentation is necessary, but lacking.  Both writtena and on-line.  Many of the features are several layers deep, and when you think you have figured out the general operating philosophy of the software, another application sets up completely differently.Nokia's support is prompt, but obviously just paraphrases steps in the Users' Guide when responding to a question.The browser is a step up from the Palm Treo, and the navigation takes some getting used to.  Don't expect it to be i-Phone like.  On a 3G network it is fast and functional, but not a replacement for a "PC style" browser.Be prepared to spend some time tinkering with settings and looking in odd places to change values.  This is a powerful, useful and quality item, but you are pretty much on your own putting it to full use.

Nice phone. High quality with stainless steel finish. Has ovi maps which is a life saver if you have no data plan. It works offline !! Would recommend this phone if you are on a budget !! Its the best phone you can get for $199.

I purchased this item direct from amazon without ever seeing it in person. I based my decision on many of the reviews I read online and the device's features.I will say that this is one of the best smartphones I have ever used and seen, being that I have worked in wireless for quite a bit of time.The phone's operating system is stable and fully-featured, and there are many programs available that can help you personalize it even more.It's features may be of the norm of any other smartphone, but when you actually see how thin, narrow and sexy it is, you will wonder how they fit it all into something this small.I have used it for a little over two weeks now, and I must say that I have never been happier with any other smartphone until now.If you are looking for a fully-featured device that's not going to take up so much space in your pocket, your purse or anything else, you need to invest in this item.Nokia deserves all the credit for making such an awesome product!

The phone by itself is the best phone I have ever had; it works terrific for my work as well as for my personal usage. This was my first ever online purchase and I am thrilled about having used Amazon.com to start with my online purchases. Great service and great item!I highly recommend it!

This is by far the best cell phone out there.  Sure it's not user friendly, but once you get use to you, you will love it.The quality is top notch.

I ordered two of this phones, a black one for me and a white one for my wife. Great phones, functional and very user friendly. Amazing smartphones for the price, I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't because the camera shows some ugly flashing lines across the screen and I know it's a phone problem because the other one (the white one) works perfect. Fortunately I rarely use my phone to take pics (my wife is happy her phone's camera works perfect because she does take pics a lot).

I bought this smartphone a month ago, after researching a lot I thought about getting the newest E72 but thought otherwise after all the bad reviews. I think I made the best choise, I just love this smartphone, I also own the sony ericsson Xperia X1 and this one is excellent in every way. everything is easy to do, no complications, tons of applications, and the gps is great I installed garmin xt and works even better than on the xperia. Overall I've had several smartphones mostly windows mobile, but I think this is a far better choise for people who don't like complications, freze-ups and stuff. I am in Colombia and it works great with all the carriers on gsm as well as 3.5G

This is an absolutely great product. It will do everything it has advertised in an excellent manner.  I highly recommend this product.

I am enjoying by this phone: reasonable prize, high quality, it is really excellent smartphone.

My new e71-2 has flickering horizontal lines on camera in low light. The lines appear in the images taken. The version is below ( on the main screen, enter *#0000#)410.21.01008-02-2010rm-357Nokia E71-2 (236.06)I have read that other users have the same problem. Could somebody resolve this issue? I already reinstalled the software but nothing changed.

Es un excelente telefono, el vendedor complio con lo ofrecido y el producto me llego nuevo y en perfectas condiciones!!! 100% recomendado

you odered the phone and you get it within few days! fast process..amazing phone and im loving it! The keyboard are amzingly soft!

Just an incredible phone. As a long-time Symbian user, I thought I knew what to expect but I was wrong. For me, the highlights are:1. Great form factor (thin, solid, great keyboard and screen)2. Very fast OS (press a button and the action happens instantly - almost no lag)3. Much improved PIM (Calendar and address books are both top-notch)4. Great reception (solid 3G everywhere I go in CT and 3.5g in the larger cities)5. Compatible with all my software (except Yahtzee, which looks weird, but hey, it's a game so who cares)Highly recommended. I know ATT has a version coming out which will be much cheaper but they ALWAYS find a way to screw up their phones.Enjoy. I am.

I'm been using Blackberry phones for a long time and coming from that to Nokia ones was a little daunting for me simply because i don't know all the menus and stuff, where with Blackberry i know all the menu functions. In my opinion, the default email client with E71 is a little quirky, i then discovered Nokia email client that one can get at [...] the client installs easily on the phone and it runs very smoothly. I use Gmail as my primary account and compared Nokia Email with Gmail Mobile 2.0, Nokia Email is easily better.Call quality is exceptional on this phone and i like the look and feel of the Symbian OS.All in all, i like this phone so much that i will now start more closely at Nokia Phones.

The Nokia E71 is everything that I expected, except for one small detail.  I had read several reviews that indicated a problem with the battery cover.  I'm having same problem ... cover doesn't lock in place on both sides ... locks on only one side.  However, I canlive with this imperfection.  I love my phone.

Nokia's Swiss Army Knife - 5 Stars!The E71-2 US Version 'Communication Device' is more than a just a Cell Phone. Nokia has highly-Integrated several Powerful Feature Sets, that includes, GPS with Nokia Maps, Wi-Fi, Stereo BlueTooth, MicroSD Slot, Barcode, Sync, Radio, Recorder, Podcasting, QuickOffice, WLAN, and Quad-band GSM + US 3G compatibility via 850/1900 UMTS/HSDPA plus GPRS/EDGE capabilities.* Beautifully rendered with a Stainless Steel case, etched Graphics, and Cool metallic finish, and is notably THIN in size!High-Resolution 2.4 inch screen, easy to use, one-digit tactile QWERTY.* Operates on the GSM Cell Frequency therefore, has more Versatility not only with GSM carriers like AT&T;, T-Mobile & Rogers, but GSM is most widely used in the rest ofthe World.You just change out your SIM Card in wherever 'Country' you are traveling in and Presto ... You now have a Local and/or International Number, based on their Local rates!* You may also use Skype Lite 'inside' the fabulous Fring application and place Call's & Text's via Wi-Fi !!!!* BlueTooth is one of my most favorite features as I can Send & Receive > Music, Photo's, Movie Files and Word/Text Files, to ANY other BT Desktop or Laptop, as well as,Print to my Canon BT Printer! Now how cool is that!* The Symbian 9.2 OS is Rock Solid and has NEVER Crashed on me!* Now for the Downside - 4 major drawbacks, at least for me, are:1. The 3.2 MP camera takes so-so photo's, but the Video is actually better! This could be fixed with a simple Software Update. (The Carl Zeiss 5MP camera is better!)2. Not MAC-compatible! It should have a Mac Version Updater!!!!3. Firmware Updates - Strongly Recommend that Nokia support all Future Updates, by giving Customers several 'Download' Options, likeFirmware Updates "packaged" in DMG, & Sis FILES; that can easily be downloaded directly online. Nokia R U listening?4. The iPhone has stolen the Show with AMAZING Free & Buy Applications that are being released right now and every few seconds! Nokia has FAILED to offer anyand/or enough Number of App's that even come close to Apple's.Conclusion - My Unlocked Nokia E71 has been in service since October 2008, exactly 1 year and has Performed Flawlessly.I signed-up with AT&T;, received a Free SIM card, have Multi-Media On-Demand (Text, SMS, etc) and getting 3G service.Very pleased with this purchase; however, my attention is beginning to wander over to the New iPhone 2010 model.I will most likely keep my E71 as a back-up and for travel abroad. Nokia's Technical Department, has been So Slow to respond to any Inquiries regarding updating it's Firmware (for which I have to keep a WinDoze Box around just for my Nokia). Not COOL!Overall Rating - I gave the E71-2, a 5-Star Rating because it's an Awesome Performing Communication Device. Seems that every week I discover yet another Cool Feature, that I may explore. However, I'm giving Nokia-USA only 4-Stars, simply because of the drawback's (con's) mentioned here.A Final Word of Caution - This Smart Phone / Device is for Smart People!

First off, I must admit I actually made arrangements to return this phone after exactly one week. The rumors of reception problems are quite true, but once you understand the nature of the problem it is tolerable. The problem lies with the location of the antenna. If you hold the phone in a normal position and you are in a location that has a weaker signal ( 3 or less bars ), then your hand blocks the signal and reception is horrible. However, if you carefully hold the phone by avoiding the top and bottom of the phone, reception is not affected. This is annoying since my house is located in a rural location where the signal is not strong. Now while at home I simply put the phone down and only use a bluetooth headset thereby avoid touching the phone during a conversation. If you are in a strong signal area, there are absolutely no problems with reception no matter what you do or how you hold it. Just something you should be aware of. I decided to not return the phone because I love it in every other way and other smart phones have similar problems with reception. Perhaps they are emphasizing the "smart"  too much and not enough of the "phone" technology. The camera does indeed add a purplish tint, but the images are very sharp. The gps is wonderful. Battery life is EXCELLENT. Love all the features- far superior to many of the other phones available. Amazon was wonderful to deal with and was willing to take the phone back and arranged for UPS to pick it up, but I just couldn't bear to part with it.

Overall I like this phone. I live in Illinois and I have not had any severe problems. It does what I need... it's not so good at web browsing though.However, I was in LA last weekend, and the phone kept restarting itself. I'm not sure why and was wondering if anyone else have this problem.

It's one of the best phones I've ever had.  I strongly recommend it if you want to have everything in just one place.

I play rugby.  I was once was tackled into a pool with the phone in my belt case. I t was into the deep end and I was held down.  I let it dry a few days and it then worked fine.  I dropped it a few times and it is fine.  Nothing drastic and I do take care of it but sometimes it falls out of my hand or gets loose in my rugby practice bag.  I is simple to use.  The keyboard lay out is easy too.  A good reliable, well made, and overall good basic phone.

I've had my E71 for about a month and I'm just thrilled with it. I've owned many smartphones and most recently tried an iphone. I loved the ipod features of the iphone- easy sync with itunes, big screen for videos, etc., but found it not the best for my business and communication needs. And I really never got the hang of the soft keyboard. Even after several months of use, I kept making many typing errors. The first thing that struck me about the E71 when I saw it in a store was how beautifully designed it was. However, when I found out it was a Symbian phone, I was a bit leary as my past experience with that os was not at all positive. However, after reading a few reviews I decided to give it a go and I couldn't be happier. It's a great email device. I have it set up to sync my work exchange account for email and PIM info and I'm using Nokia's free (for now anyway) push email client to get my .mac account pushed to the E71. The phone is really fast responsive and the keyboard is lovely. Unlike the iphone, I can type quickly and accurately. There are many other great features, including Nokia sync to itunes on my mac, GPS, loads of 3rd party software like audibleplayer for ebooks, 3g tethering to my laptop using the joiku hotspot software.One negative is the Wifi. Sometimes it works great, but other times it is very tempremental and just won't connect. The only other negative I can think of came from a friend who also bought an E71. He has trouble reading small type and was used to the font adjustment feature on his BB Curve. There is no way to enlarge the fonts on the E71 and they can be a bit small for some. Other than that, I would highly recommend this phone.

The Nokia E71 is an absolutely GREAT phone!!Pros:Loud speakerGreat batteryGreat receptionFree NavigationCons:Went through 3 of these each having a different defect; 1st had a bunch of dead pixels, 2nd right selection key sticky, 3rd damaged cameraAmazon overnighted each of these to me and was great about it.  But it's unbelievable how many bad eggs in a row before I received one with no issues.  Either way it was worth it because it truly is a great phone overall.  Plus if you do it right you can pick up a non-contract carrier and pay half as much per month.

The E71 is awesome..heavier ( which i like, I do not like just plastic) good sound and it was a very fast delivery.

I love this phone - I am a big Apple fan but need a 'real' keyboard.  I probably would have bought an iPhone if I could get it with a keyboard.  This phone is the perfect compromise - blends the best features of the Blackberry with the iPhone, and available unlocked to boot.3G works great, voice quality is excellent, battery life is FANTASTIC. I also love the form factor - the keyboard is nicely laid-out and well-sized, screen is very sharp, and the build quality is terrific.  This phone is absolutely gorgeous, and extremely well-built.Also, Nokia's free Mac syncing software does a great job of syncing with both iTunes and iPhoto for music, video and pictures.  Has a nice PC suite as well (I sync it with my Windows laptop at work)Only downside is the camera - it's OK, but despite the 3.2 MP pictures look grainy and the colors aren't quite right.  Rumor has it a firmware upgrade will fix that but haven't heard for sure yet.If you're considering the BlackBerry Bold or iPhone you should at least check this phone out as an alternative - for me it's the perfect blend of the best features of both.

if we consider nokia mobiles in this range then it is not a very good productlow speaker voice...also cant hear clearly while talking on phoneusing handsfree is the best way to talkother features are goodoverall an OK product

I own the N800 for the last one year and it is the almost perfect device for Net, MP3 player and the occasional reading of ebooks. Though, i still was looking for a device that can also act as a phone and has wifi(i am 99% time within a wifi network, so 3g/edge is not a factor).I debated between E71, N95 and many other phones. So what sealed the deal? E71 is way smaller than any other device (iphone included) (and that too with a very easy keyboard), perfect seamless pairing with my bluetooth headphone(motorola HT820) and easy OS. I never used a symbian phone before and without much effort(no RTFM) was able to learn all functions. Though there are times when there are just too many options and i do click the wrong button.People might complain about the no-touch small screen, but to tell the truth it serves the user adequately: compared to the N800, i find, i prefer the keyboard on the E71 better than the onscreen keyboard of the N800. It serves best as the enterprise device for which it was intended for so the camera is just ok (too much purplelish), screen is small for video but the processor/OS is snappy to handle it. Though the media player is awesome, pair up with a stereo headset and voila (it also supports album art, and easy way to create playlists )! There are many good and free Symbian apps from Yahoo, Google for mail, news, maps and work good with E71. Also, the battery is huge and can last more than a day with heavy net usage. Oh and the charger is the half the size of a fat thumb!Accompanying Software is pretty good and connects seamless through via IR, bluetooth or USB. for Mp3 files there is a convertor to convert to a smaller AAC format and load to the device (one can load as MP3 too btw). I use a Sandisk 4GB microsd to store media files as the inbuilt phone memory is just about 120MB. It has a one stop app solution to handle almost all phone functions like transferring files, to reading SMS's, backing up, etc.Symbian is pretty snappy as OS and i have yet to have a 2 sec+ lag moment (which sometimes happen when switching between wifi access points). GPS is Ok and takes sometime to get a lock, but with a real nice app from Nokia called Sport tracker to track walking distance etc etc and also works with google maps.Pros: Snappy OS, excellent bluetooth capability, very good apps, on the first look i wondered 'how did they cram so much stuff in such a small package and that too with a massive 1500mah battery!'.No Cons, except perhaps the red on/off switch on the top of the phone (see it's so hard to find a fault with e71)So overall its a dream phone for me and worth much more than the going price of 350$.

A surprisingly thin phone, not to light, but as heavy as another regular phone I use to have.The complete keyboard is one of its good points, I can write very fast with it, considering I have big hands. I can type with one finger from each hand, or with the thumb of the same hand I'm holding the phone.The applications and the start screen are very intuitive. Another good thing is I was able to install Fring [...], so now I can chat with Yahoo Messenger, MSN Messenger, talk using Skype, etc.The music playing is decent, not as good as a dedicated gadget (iPod), but this way I don't have to carry gadgets in my belt like a cowboy. (I thought about getting an iPhone, but I wanted to install any application and don't wanted to unlock the iPhone)Connecting the phone to the computer using Nokia PC Suite was smooth and now I have all my contacts and tasks on the phone.Great phone, at a great price.

The E71 is a beautiful phone and that's pretty much where the positive things about this phone end. This is the least intuitive phone I have ever owned.  I've had Nokias in the past, so I was hopeful given my very positive previous experiences with Nokia. My old Palm Treo 650 is more intuitive and more user-friendly than the Nokia E71. Most critical:  The text messaging is AWFUL - it takes multiple screens to get to the text messaging application and there is no conversational view of the text messages, so each time you type a message, you have to start all over from the beginning, typing in the contact's name and without seeing the conversation/previous messages to/from the contact!The E71 phone's unlock feature is annoying at best -- it takes forever to unlock, so don't ever be in an emergency. And, when the phone is turned off, be prepared for an almost 2-minute wait for the phone to turn on and be functional.  This isn't a touchscreen phone, so it's difficult to go to a non-touch screen phone to this one (my mistake) because it takes forever to get to the features I like to use, even with the capability to put them on the "desktop". You have to go through five different screens to turn the ringer or phone volume up or down on the phone -- the feature is not on the outside of the phone. It is very easy to inadvertantly turn on and off the predictive text feature. And, some of the QWERTY buttons that I regularly use are not readily accessible via keyboard. Calendar or To-Do reminder alerts go off and if you don't get to the phone in time and press the annoying "unlock" feature in time, you miss the alert and it goes away and there is no queue for it on your screen as with previous phones I've had.  So, you have to wait until the reminder alert goes off again to see what you missed.  If you sync with Outlook, all of your recurring appointments with reminders will go off at 12 midnight -- another annoying quirk that I've had to go into every appointment or reminder and assign it a "time" on my calendar, which now fills my calendar and my day with another annoying task.  all Nokia has to do is look at other phones to see what works -- the Palm Treos were great and I'd go back to mine if I could because the E71 is just a pain.  The screen could be a little wider, frankly and still be a stylish phone.  It does have good video and camera quality.  The battery life is also terrible.  I have never been able to go 12 hours without the battery dying and the phone shutting down -- and I barely use the phone in the first place, so be prepared to charge this phone in the car for long drives and every night.  Don't bother with the OVI store -- it's filled primarily with useless apps.  I can't imagine what the designers were thinking of when they created this beautifully-styled piece of crap phone.  They must have been in an awful hurry to produce such an unintuitive paperweight.

I was looking for a phone with wi-fi and the possibility of editing office documents. That is exactly what I got, plus a nice design, GPS, good sound (e.g., MP3), good quality in pictures and video and a decent-size screen. Compared to other brands and models, the E71 has a great package.I bought it through TigerDirect; the service was ok, exactly the delivery time they said. The only thing was they didn't have a tracking system for my package, but it was safely delivered anyways.

I love this phone, well the idea of this phone anyway.I was tired of the poor battery performance of my Nokia E75, so i tried this phone. It was great for about a week, then it started to demand I insert a SIM card, when there was one in it that had been working.I checked online and this seems to be a known issue with the E71 that Nokia is not addressing.The phone is great when it works, the qwerty works well, easy to use and dial numbers on. 4 days of battery life, all the fans of this phone are correct.But if it does not work it is worthless.I tried cleaning the SIM card contacts with an eraser and alcohol, improving battery contacts, even resetting the phone to factory defaults. Nothing fixed the problem. Yet the same SIM chip fired up without a problem in the E75 every time I swapped it back.So I am returning the E71 to Amazon. Too bad, if it had worked it would have been a great phone.

it was my first android, I had much fun with it. I no longer have the phone. it is stupid that this system requires so many words of a given length. that sucks and will motivate me to stop rating purchased.

The Nokia E71 cell phone is one of the best teams in the nokia company because of its design and general characteristics, compact design is no doubt that external elegance and all applications make it a mobile office wherever you are .Cell phone 100% recommended.Thanks... :)

I always love Nokia and I was debating whether to get an iPhone or this E71. Boy, did I make the right decision. My husband fell in love with this phone too and is getting one for himself. Highly recommended.

A lot of functions, long life battery, fast internet, good camera, a lot of apps on ovi store.Nokia is the best phone ever, my next buy will be a nokia E7, i don't have something bad to say about this phone, is a great phone!!

So far I've had no significant problems with this product. The only thing I don't like is I haven't figured out how to or whether I'm able to include my signature in my text messages like I was able to do with my T-mobile dash.

I know it is a silly idea but I want to use a cell phone to talk to people.  I have speakers for music and GPS and cameras I just want to hear people and have them hear me.  What a concept.  Tried a pile of blue tooth set and nothing but complaints.  Must charge etc.  I have plenty of wonderful wired headsets with boom mikes.  That is what people who talk on phones use who want people to hear them. Plug standard three conductor 2.5 MM plug into headset and I can hear peachy keen but it uses mike on the phone not the boom mike.  Try adaptors galore.  None work.  Stumble over two accessories on Nokia Europe  WH-200 and HDB-5.  Both over the ear with boom mike. I make the usual useless call to Nokia. "sorry sir that is not available to you."  Apparently Americans just listen to music and play games on their phones.  Oh I tried a 3.5mm adapter on the E62 to a 2.5 mm headset and it did not work either.  I tried a Sony with their proprietary plug and it kept losing contact.  I tried a Motorola with the mini-usb and the phone answers by default when the plug is in and cannot be charged while on the phone. On to the Blackberry...next.....

El mejor telefono que he tenido por mucho, hace casi cualquier cosa, nunca falla, funciones faciles he intuitivas, altamente recomendado

The E71 is a fantastic product.  It's thin and has excellent features that fits my lifestyle.  It has frozen on me a few times but apart from that i am totally satisfied.

I`m a Nokia lover!! This one of the best phones out there.. Yes, it`s a bit old and yes right now there are better smartphones out there BUT if you want to keep it simple and clean this is your best choice!!

Este tel&eacute;fono cuenta con todas las aplicaciones necesarias para convertirlo en una pieza clave tanto para el trabajo como en la casa, es liviano, tama&ntilde;o apropiado, c&aacute;mara con muy buena resoluci&oacute;n, la navegaci&oacute;n entre las aplicaciones es r&aacute;pida, compatible totalmente con  3G, puede ser uusado con cualquier operador GSM, en fin lo recomiendo ampliamente.

This is a great phone. Built-in WIFI, GPS, pdf reader, word, excel and powerpoint editing apps among others. You can also download tons of apps. The phone is relatively small for the features it offers and very very thin. Although the keys are compacted/close you will have no problems typing.

When i was about to buy this phone i didn't think it twice. Come on! this is the best phone you can ever have. I mean, what else can you ask for? I'm happy with my purchase. Thanks again Amazon.com..!!

I bought this phone to replace my Blackberry Bold 9000, which got bad. Turns out this phone is smatter than the Blackberry Bold, Twice as slim, (It is the slimmest phone on the market), Half the price, Twice as good looking, easily the best finish and has crystal clear reception. This phone is TOO CHEAP price wise. BUY IT!!!!!!!!

I HAVE BUY SEVERAL OF THEM AT THE BEGGING THEY WERE PERFECT NOW THEY ALL HAVE A CAMERA PROBLEM, ALOT OF LINES IN THE CAMERA AND IS NOT FARE FOR A $200 PHONE.....

photos and videos the camera this corrupt out bad I would like to give me solution to the problem is the second cell phone that I get corrupted non is solve this problem I like shopping online but with this problem I'm fears continue to buy thanksNokia E71 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS and Free Voice Navigation, Wi-Fi, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Gray)thanks amazon is the latest cell phone or article that I purchase on her website, I wanted to give me a solution with my cell phone but there is not what is the guarantee that talk I can not take pictures and video on the screen and I get streaks when I edit equals photosAmazon gracias es el &uacute;ltimo tel&eacute;fono celular o art&iacute;culo que compro en su sitio web, yo quer&iacute;a que me diera una soluci&oacute;n con mi tel&eacute;fono celular, pero no es lo que dice la garant&iacute;a de que hablar no puedo tomar fotos y video en la pantalla me salen unas rayas y al editar las fotos o videos igual salen mala las tomas amazon es una empresa con prestigio que pena que ya no piense de esa manera al no darme la solucion que necesito

So what this phone is a couple years old.  I had a BB curve and would never turn back.  This phone's quality is far superior than most phones I've ever seen.Just read the other reviews here... you WILL NOT be disappointed for the money!!I hope they keep making these for a while longer, I would gladly buy another as a back up.Oh ya.. Fring (a free separate app) will bring joy to you and your children with the front facing camera!

I was very excited to receive this phone...and thats rare for me. I took a week before determining what I think of it.  First of all, the phone is beautiful. It fits in my hands nicely and with a sturdy feel. Setup and personalization is pretty simple. It connects to my home network quickly and with no stalling or problems (like my husband's blackberry does).  Clear voice reception through both the headset and loudspeaker (I use the loudspeaker a lot and my brother commented on not being able to tell I was using it while talking to him). The camera is nice...no complaints. The video recording and playback is awesome. MP3/4 sound is superb. Some reviewers commented on its battery life as a negative, but I disagree. Today will be my second time charging it in a week. I really dont have any complaints about this phone after my first week of using it.  I love this phone so much, I'm thinking about giving her a name...lol. So, I highly recommend this phone to anyone...it does everything it's product review says it will and with no problems (so far :-).

By far the best cell phone I have ever owned - period. Slim nice sleek phone, however still very durable. I've dropped mine many times (even on NYC streets!!) and it has never even turned off. Forget the Ipone, I've had a Nokia e71 (this is my second - I gave the first to my mom because this new one is even smaller however my old one still works perfectly) for going on 3 years and I plan to continue to have it. The absolute best part is the battery life! I can literally use my phone all day - texting, on the phone, on the internet, playing games, etc. and I still only have to charge my phone once every 3 (!!!!!!!) days! Forget having to carry around a phone charger, I dont even have to do that when I go on weekend trips. It also completely charges in a very short amount of time. The entire time I've had this phone (both new version and older) my phones battery has never died - not once. One last note - it also has great storage, at one point I had over 6,000 texts in my phones inbox and it didnt slow down the phone at all.

I bought this phone as a replacement for a stolen iPhone and I couldn't be happier. 3G, GPS, wi-fi, music, email, etc. All for 320 dolars. It's very stylish as well when compared to a blackberry or other smartphones with full qwerty.

After a year and a half, I have to say that I am disappointed. The phone is sleek and full featured but there are annoying problems. The phone reacts slowly to commands. It often resets itself for no apparent reason. Picture quality is  terrible. It is hard to determine the source of the problems. It might be due to the phone's software, which I am unable to update. Nokia's phone update software does not work on my system and Nokia has not seen fit to deal with it. It has been very frustrating trying to get help. There are much better smartphone choices out there.

Nokia phones are very functional and easy to use. Happy with the purchase and would recommended it to everyone who is interested in this model. Thank you!

its nice but there are things that are very confusing with this phone make sure it comes with a sims card before you buy it

This is one the best, or maybe the best cell phone that I have own, very light and slim, for the person that want more out of a smart phone, I picked this one over the iPhone, I know they are different but this one suit my needs and works great.

Just now doing the review but I have been using this phone for years without any problems or complaints. The features are satisfactory for my needs, tjhough there are some I ahve not used.  The dictionary is quite useful as well.  I always buy Nokia for quality and durability.

I use this on AT&T, it has 3G data but as an unlocked phone there is a plan that lets you use as much data as you need for a low price.  It's not something to surf the web with, but for simple Outlook or Web based e-mail and calendar use, it works great.  Menus and features are sometimes hard to find, but they are there.  Just not as intuitive as most more modern phones.  I've not used the GPS feature on it, although it will find location if I use the GPS app.  Not something I would suggest as a GPS replacement, though.

nice phone & easy to use with great features & stylish yet functional at the same time

I took delivery of the E71 phone intact. All look good. the performance of the cell phone is perfect. But I did not see the Memory card to insert or do I have to purchase separately?????Again I do not understand the 3G. Is it the phone memory size??Generally a good deal and Amazon is a place to be. Thanks

Besides the fact that it does not have a messenger application such as BB messenger, it is without a doubt the best smartphone in the market right now.

I migrated from a Palm Treo 650 to the Nokia e71.  I have found it to be an outstanding device and Amazon has the lowest price on the web.  I utilize my device more for reading books and roaming the net.  Built-in WiFi is great!  It finds the hotspots for you.  It handles ebooks from ereader.com and renders all fantastically.  You'll be surprised at the speed of the browser.  GPS is also included and works w/o the network.  It will take you the better part of a month to learn all the operations but it's well worth the time.  Plus, it has a good, steady feel when you hold it.  Recharge time is minimal.  Video rendering is superb.

I really like this phone a lot. I have been using it for more than 3 years now, and yet, everything in the phone is very up to date and I never got the feeling I have to change to another phone, even when androids come in and touch phones are out.I find the design sleek and classy. It is very thin and not bulky. The QWERTY keypad is very delicate and is easy to type in. I send more than 1k text messages in a month and I find it very easy to use. I even type my word documents on the phone when I'm reviewing because it is the only device you can hold the book open with your arms, and yet see the book, and type at the same time. No need for trying to force the book open and move my head left (from the book) and right (to my laptop) just to type. Everything is in one view. And then after that, all I have to do is save the document in my memory card and transfer it to my laptop if I want to.When I got this phone, one of the details I have to have is a good camera. E71 has 3.2 MP camera and with an auto-focus, (or for even better focus click t), the pictures are of really good quality, unless there's no adequate lighting. It is enough for my everyday picture taking. Though I'm planning to find a regular digital camera so I can blow up my pictures. But with one that comes with the phone, I really like this.I also like the fact that it has a removable memory card. Mine came with a 2G mini SD card. I can use it to store files that I need and carry it around with me like a USB stick. Who doesn't have a phone with them all the time nowadays, anyway?I also like that it came with a headset that I can use to listen to the radio too.Wifi is a blessing for me since I can connect to wifi's and not pay for a internet plan with my phone plan.There are lots of games to download for E71 and it is easy to use the phone wifi and connect and download it right from there, compared to others where you need to log on your laptop and connect your phone, etc etc.In these days where the ports are limited, E71 still has the infrared. I don't know when I'm going to use it, but I am glad it's still here, with the bluetooth and wlans.Another thing I like about Nokia phones in general is that it is VERY durable. I drop my phone a hundred times and sometimes it opens up, with battery jumping out, etc, but when I put it back together, it works just like new! My phone has a lot of scratches and dents, bitemarks (from the baby I babysit for), etc. But it still works really well, considering it is around 4 years old or more already.It can also read your text messages out loud! It's fun! Another thing that I LOOOVE is that it has an option that when it rings, whatever ring tone you have, you can have the phone tell you who's calling, even before you get hold of your phone.. it's like *music music* Angelica Stafford *music music*. How cool is that!I can sing more praises about the phone, but all I want to say that is phone is a great buy and I love it so much!

Fantastic phone that gives you plenty of options as a smartphone but remains slim and sleek.

This is the prettiest phone I have ever owned.  Build quality is excellent and I liked the keypad.  The phone is quick and responsive and call quality was good.  The browser is not as good as on the iPhone, but much better than Windows Mobile.  The OS does take some getting used to and does not look as pretty as competing ones.  However, it offers tons of customization that iPhone owners can only dream of.I wanted to keep this phone, but chose to return it because of email integration.  For POP email, it either checks email automatically  and downloads the message or it checks it, downloads the header and informs you that you have a new message.  This was a deal breaker for me.  What's the point of downloading the message if it doesn't alert the user that there are new messages?  Going the other route (by downloading headers only) would be ok, if it didn't take ages to manually download messages.  Also, hotmail and yahoo mail required special apps to download, which did not automatically check for new messages.  The final email related frustration is that by default, it does not download html messages.  You can click the attachment and it brings up the message in the browser, but it's an extra step.One final distraction was the phone's constant alerts asking if it was ok to connect to the network and asking which one to connect to.  For North American users that have an "unlimited" data plan, this option is annoying.

Outstanding product. Does a great job in every aspect. Have not found a flaw yet.

Excellent product! The last perfect Nokia phone they made it...I am very pleased with this mobile.. Stylish, great, lots of useful functions!

MY DEVICES: MOTO Q, SAMSUNG EPIX, PALM PRO, BLACKBERRY BOLD,NOKIA E71CARRIER: ATTTHE NOKIA E71 is the easiest and fastest phone of that group for me.BATTERY LIFE: E71=3days, BOLD=2or3days, EPIX=2days, Q&PRO;=1DAYANTENA RECEPTION QUALITY:BOLD,  Q, PRO=best,E71=ok,EPIX=unacceptable indoorsCALL QUALITY: all about the same with EPIX being worst.INTERNET: NOKIA E71 is  faster and easier to use.  Epix,pro,q  were all slow and sluggish  in this area.EMAIL:  They worked about the same. This is a personal preference thing. I didn't like reading emails on the e71 compared to the others.DOCUMENT READING: MICROSOFT OFFICE  FILES, PDFS:  E71 was the quickest to open and move around in with the rest being sluggish.  Also liked being able to sync whatever folder I wanted to with the e71CONTACTS:  This is where the e71 let me down. It is more like a regular cell phone.  I enter all my customer data on my contact info. Including address and categories.  The e71 made this painful and has groups instead of categories. (groups do not sync with outlook categories).CAMERA:  E71 was the easiest to use and add to contacts.BLUETOOTH SYNCING WITH COMPUTER:  E71 using nokia pc suite has no equals in this area. Not even close. By far the easiest to sync or send whatever you want.PROS: Fast and easy to use. Great battery life. Small.CONS:  Not a touch screen, no categories for contacts.

I was extremely excited about this product. To my disappointment, I received a defective unit that randomly powercycles while using almost any application on the device for extended periods of time.I contacted Nokia tech support. I am a technically savvy person (professional IT and web design), and I was asked the same set of questions three times before being told to mail it to them for repair, at my expense. While it was completely under warranty.Amazingly disappointed, considering the great things I've heard about Nokia, and the great device reviews. Will not purchase a Nokia product again. Would advise others not to as well. If I could give this product zero stars, I would.

This phone was way ahead of its time here in the US. Still ahead of its time for what it can offer. This phone makes any IT or Business professional's life easy. The battery life alone will give you bragging rights over any phone out there.

Good mobil phone, comfortable and niceDisadvantages are:limited installed lenguages with no options to add some (I want hebrew and russian and can't add it)camera is not good indoorother functions just perfect

I bought this but didn't find it to be as good as it's hyped up to be:Things I don't like- not intuitive to use - eg. sometimes clearing a password field is impossible need to reload webpage- hard to make it go over wi fi for some functions ( I don't have a data plan yet, I wanted to see how much use I can get off wifi )- non standard headphone jack- non standard usb- no usb charging- special software needed to sync ( should use standard windows api )- camera sub parIdeally, it should redirect all network traffic to wifi if you're connected ... but it doesn't seem to do this. I'm still a newb with this phone maybe there's a way to do it ... but I've not figured out it yet.Also, the GPS is not connected yet - I think I need to contact the service provider regarding this (At&T;) as I moved my SIM from my old junkie phone over to this one ... I was hoping GPS would talk to the satellite directly and not go through the service provider.IM seems hard to setup. I cannot just click yahoo and login ... it needs a server addreess or something. Why can't they make it easy and let you choose standard IM providers?

I have been using a Nokia e71 for 10 months. This phone is not only feature-packed, extremely reliable, and beautiful, but it has also saved me hundreds of dollars in monthly gsm carrier data charges (AT&T $15/month unlimited data). Initially, I was tethering to my laptop which worked nicely. But now with JoikuSpot the e71 turns into a 3G wifi hotspot for my laptop and iPod Touch. No contracts, no laptop connect cards, no big monthly data bills.

Yes, this is definitely and excellent piece of all-in-one smart phone.  With everything I need that includes almost all the basic features in this phone by not over complicated the interface.  I so happy to get this phone and I'm still do because it is compact, good battery life, ease of use, user friendly.There is always room for improvement...... :)

This is the most versatile smartphone on the market but it isn't for everyone. It took me a month of trial and error and of Internet searches to learn how to make all the features work. But for what I wanted, nothing else on the market compares.The Nokia E71's competitors are the iPhone and the Blackberry, but unlike its competitors, Nokia makes unlocked phones.  This means the E71 can be used on any GSM network and, more importantly, it means you don't have to sign up for the expensive data plans of cellular phone companies unless you are sure you need them. This was important to me because I wasn't sure that I did. And after two months, I have found that I almost never do. Owning the E71 is like picking from the ala carte menu at a restaurant rather than ordering the full course meal.  You can pick which services you want from your cellular carrier on a daily basis, if you want, without committing yourself to two-year contracts and hundreds of dollars in fees.As with other smartphones, the E71 serves as phone, PDA, MP3 player, GPS device, and low-resolution video camera all wrapped into a cellphone-sized package with Internet access, email, and games thrown in to boot.Let me give the specifics that were important to me.  First is GPS.  After you buy the phone, you go to the Nokia Web site and download for free the mapping software and maps you need. I downloaded a complete U.S. map. This means, when I walk outside and invoke the GPS function, the E71 will spend a few minutes calculating my location and then track my movements on a map. I was on an Interstate the other day and the phone announced that I was exceeding the speed limit.  If you want turn by turn directions, you have to subscribe on a monthly basis either from Nokia or from your carrier, but if you are like me and can get close to where you want on your own and only need help with the last few blocks, the E71 will does that for free. Or, if you are lost, it will show you where you are on a map and you can take it from there.Second, if you want to go online over WiFi at hotspots, the E71 can do that. I wanted something to carry in my pocket at home to alert me to email so I wouldn't have to keep checking my computer. The E71 can use "push" email through WiFi, so whenever you establish a WiFi connection it will check your email and play a tune of your choosing when email arrives.Third, there are times when having a cellular data connection comes in handy. The E71's can calculate its GPS position in seconds with a few kilobytes of download from the cellular carrier instead of the minutes needed to make that calculation on its own. Or if you are bored and want to check your email and there's no WiFi around, you can tell the E71 to use a cellular network.  Now, if you take an unlimited data plan from your carrier - and AT&T; requires this for the iPhone and Blackberry - the cost is $30 per month.  But AT&T; sells kilobytes for a penny.  So, getting my GPS position quickly cost me 6 cents and downloading five emails cost about the same. This is why I concluded that I don't need an unlimited data plan from my carrier.  Someone who regularly needs Web access is probably better off with an unlimited data plan.Fourth, the quality of Nokia products has always been unsurpassed, and the E71 is no exception.  The MP3 player is better than the Sansas I own.  The camera shouldn't be compared to a dedicated digital camera, but it's perfectly fine for a cellphone camera.  The screen is smaller than the iPhones, but I shouldn't need to tell you that.  The E71 is somewhat smaller and a lot more rugged.  Its battery is user-replaceable and lasts longer than most other smartphones.  Plus, a battery costs about $10, so you can carry a spare if you want.There is a learning curve with the E71 that many will not like.  As I said, it took me almost a month to get the features I wanted functioning.  What is more, not all those functions are intuitive, and some take too many button presses.  But the phone seems less dumbed down than its competitors, so that although it may take some time to figure out how to make it do what you want, you don't have to fork out more money for special software applications to do these things for you.

Just loved the item, and it was just as the pictured stated, therefore i'm happy with my purchase, but i feel it being a Nokia it should of been able to do a bit more.

I have one problem with this phone and that is the battery life. It only lasts about two days, but I guess that is because I like to use the satelite imagery a lot. Apart from that the phone is very good.

I loved this Nokia E71 until the Nokia Messaging application stopped working just 3 months after I received it through Amazon. So far, Nokia has not worked with me to fix it despite the fact that it is under warranty. I am very disappointed in this phone. I had used Nokias all over the world and thought they were great, but the Nokia Messaging application failure in just 3 months and Nokia's lack of interest in repairing or replacing my phone has changed my mind about Nokia phones.

Okay...so I live in Japan and up until recently I had an iPod touch and an NTT DoCoMo handset.  I was using the iPod as my organizer and the handset was just a phone.  I am military and decided that a world phone would be a good idea for me and my research brought me to the E71.  After reading the feature list I was immediately sold and I ordered one.  What I was not aware of though was the differences between 3G frequencies and how it would affect my purchase in the long run.Japan uses 3G 2100 Mhz (NTT DoCoMo)...so that is strike 1 for this version of the E71.  Be aware that there are 3 versions of the E71 available.  The US version will NOT WORK IN ASIA because many places in asia do not use GSM but WCDMA or 3G for the most part.  The US version does not have the bandwidth required to operate here.  Additionally, Japan in particular uses the 3G network for both data AND voice comms.  There IS NO GSM in Japan...they simply don't use it.  Anyway...now that I have cleared that up... I bought a second E71, the international version, and I use it here and it works marvelously!!  I LOVE this phone.  The 3 variants of this phone are the E71-1 (US), E71-2 (Australia/Asia), and E71-3 (Eur/Asia).  I have a -1 and a -3 and am currently using the -3 here in Japan.  To further explain the networks here...there are other service providers that offer 3g as well, but they are in the 1700Mhz range while others still use an older 2g system known as phs that is also not compatible with this phone.Now...if you've read the other reviews about this phone, you already know that it's great.  I'm not going to bore you by repeating their statements, just know that this phone is definitely worth the money you will shell out for it but be aware that dependent upon where you are going to travel if that be the case, you will need to purchase the applicable version for the region you will be in.  If you're traveling to Europe it will only be a factor for you when trying to access data services via 3G...voice comms will be unaffected since it's a quad band phone and nearly all of Europe uses GSM.  I have heard that EDGE/GPRS capabilities may circumvent this but I can't speak to that effect due to lack of experience/knowledge.Japan and Korea though in particular will require that you have the -2 or -3 version or you will be left with a glorified MP3 player/PDA with a QWERTY keyboard.Additionally, if you will be in Japan long term, the only way you will be able to use this phone here is to contract with Softbank or DoCoMo and buy one of their entry level cheap handsets and pop the sim card out of it and put it into the E71.  There is a catch though...you'll have to purchase the data package known as "pake hodai double" in order to not get raped on your monthly bill when it comes to your data rates.  Since you are not using a DoCoMo handset the cap on your data bill will be about 60 bucks higher than if you use your DoCoMo phone.  I guess they can recognize that it's not a "company" handset probably as a result of the IMEI number on the phone that I assume is somehow detectable by the local network.  You will also lose the ability to use a docomo web mail address but all you have to do is open an Ovi account at Nokia's website and then install Emoze on your phone.  Once you marry the ovi mail account and Emoze you have webmail on your phone again.  You'll also need to get Mopera from docomo for your data services...and no, they won't tell you the settings to input...you'll have to muddle through it yourself.Sorry so lengthy, but I hope that helped someone to buy the "right" version of this phone.

Have owned the E71 now for 2 years and this cell phone still amazes me every day ;  this is a fantastic smartphone at an unbeatable price.The workmanship is great;  the metal casing feels great in the hand, the phone is sleek and elegant;  the full qwerty keyboard is excellent quality.I recently bought an more recent E5 for my girlfriend but it doesnt measure up to the classic E71 as the E5 is made of plastic and feels shoddier.Most useful applications I use with the E71 are the internet radio (great !),  the navigation system with voice guidance, the camera for daily practical use,  the WhatsApp chatting application (cheaper than texting), Sportstracker,  and WIFI internet browsing.I very much hope Nokia will come up with a successor to the E71 -they should keep the same quality build and try to increase the size of the screen without losing the slimness and sleakness of this fantastic cell phone.Negatives on this phone could be the challenge sometimes of configuring networks etc especially the first time as the GSM operator will typically preconfigure all settings to consume the data network of the GSM operator and it is a challenge to reconfigure everything to reset networks to Wifi etc.But I recommend this phone 100% even to this day ;  if you are doubting betweek the E5 and the E71 I would still go for the classic E71 as the E5 does not measure up.Nokia please dont lose this succesful  franchise of the E71 - update it and make it even better !  As soon as its out I'm buying one !

I must confess the nokia E71 I bought from amazon is working perfectly.I bought it under used phone but I'm supprised when I received the phone, it came in a box new and clean with complete accessoriesThis phone was sold by NSTORE.

I just got my e 71 today there was an amazing deal on amazon Just 199 for this unlocked phone . I want to say that i just put in my prepaid sim card set up email which was a snap through wifi and  there you have it a fully functional smartphone. previously I purchased the e 72 but I found it to feel kinda cheap made in China this e 71 is made in Finland great quality. My friend has an e 71 and i just loved it so when the amazing price came I did not even blink glad I made a good choice.

All i can say is that this phone is just wow!!!!!!. Every body who sees it keep saying wow!!!!!!!!!! and even my wife and mother inlaw, who are very difficult to please especially with phones, keep saying wow!!!!! Everything about this phone is wow!!!!!!!!!!!! if you want more wows about this phone, search for amazon.com or google on a special exotic case for this phone (beyza case for nokia e71, it is well expensive but believe me, you will stand out from the rest of the world. visit the company websiteENJOYRICARDO

I won't restate why so many people adore this phone -- it's very well-documented.I got rid of this phone and replaced with a BlackBerry 8900 and the difference is night and day.  The 8900 for my money is far superior.Do you like Facebook?  Pandora?  True push email that works without fuss? Threaded, conversational text messaging?  A great 3.2 MP camera with auto-focus that takes good pictures?  Well, if so, the Nokia e71 doesn't do any of those things.Facebook/Pandora, there's no app for Symbian.  Nokia's "Mail for Exchange" works well if crudely.  But want Gmail, Yahoo, or any other web-based or IMAP/POP mail to show up on the Nokia as it arrives? No can do.  Sure, there are 3rd party apps like Seven or Nokia's Email, but I found the battery to drain in short order when those things were running.  I also found those add-ons to make the OS unstable.  Had to reboot the phone 1-2X/week.I found the camera to take grainy, purple-hued pictures.Oh yeah, a 2.5 mm headphone jack just adds insult to injury.  So if you want to use your own headphones, you'll need an adapter to add bulk and noise.Further, I found that it lost 3G signal constantly in my home.  The antenna is located in the base of the handset, so if you hold the phone by the base, you will lose a few bars of reception.In other words, I didn't find the phone to even be that reliable for calls.  As you're on the phone, the crude OS fills your ears with beeps as you "lose packet connection" or the phone puts "packet connection on hold" or lose your radio signal all together.  I was often very frustrated by this expensive piece of hardware.Now it wasn't all bad.  It's unlocked, so you don't need to sign a contract.  It is built very solidly, with lots of steel and chrome.  It's very slim, so easily fits in your pocket.But initial pleasure with the phone turned to displeasure because of all of the aforementioned points.Couldn't want to get rid of it.  The 8900 is superior in almost every regard.

I bought this thinking it was a very intuitive phone to use- and getting my gmail was easy. Maybe I am a simple person. However far as hitting button to call someone, having to push numerous buttons multiply times to simply call someone or navigate- this thing is painful.  It also seems like pushing buttons sometimes doesn't work- ie you go to lock it but it doesnt lock. Or the keys are locked and when someone calls it unlocks the keyboard showing various keys but then locks up immediately. Very strange. The on/off again if you don't hold it long enough (which is long) it starts going through other functions or you have to use mulitple keys to get it to turn off. Finally, the reception on the phone is terrible. I would have thought it was my carrier, but I have had two previous types of phones that didn't have half the reception problems this one does. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone for the price.

Great phone I got 3G on my phone and I love it.What I like the most is the phone can use a 8 gb micro sd card lots of room for stuff.

I think the E71 is a good phone, but it's not as friendly as others.

I should start by saying I have used a Blackberry for quite some time, most recently a Pearl...and I liked it.  When it came time to get a new phone, subsidized phones were not an option for me, and the Nokia E71 became the frontrunner based on my criteria.This is certainly not a full review, but a few highlights and lowlights based on my initial experience.First, the highlights:* The build quality is impeccable.  It's a beautiful device, and it comes in a hair smaller than the iPhone.* Call quality is great, bluetooth pairing is flawless, and tethering (via USB or bluetooth) works fine with AT&T; 3G and 3.5G.* Syncing with Outlook 2007 works fine overall, although every once in a while a calendar item seems to show up in the wrong place.* Google Maps works great with the GPS.* Impressive battery life.* There's a whole 3rd party ecosystem for Symbian; I haven't even scratched the surface.Now the lowlights (you'll see my Blackberry heritage here):* Haven't found a great solution for push email for Hotmail and Gmail. Windows Live and the Gmail client don't seem to be designed to automatically grab my email and notify me the way Blackberry did.* Still getting used to the keyboard.  I was less error-prone with the Blackberry (both their full keyboard and the Pearl's suretype).* No ability to set different ring/vibrate behaviors for holstered vs not.* Less control over notifications.  For example, meeting reminders vibrate and flash way longer than I need them to.The lack of the kind of push email I expected is a bit of a bummer, but overall I'm still very happy with this phone.  I show it off to my friends because it looks good and it's not an iPhone.

When I initially received this phone I was pleased.  I have a Blackberry Curve for work and this Nokia E71 for my personal phone.  This Nokia E71 is a superior piece of hardward with the smaller form factor and steel case. I use the phone on AT&T in the U.S.  After about 8 months the phone would randomly reboot and come back up to the home screen.  This would happen in the middle of texting, surfing the web, etc.  It would freeze for about 2 seconds and then reboot and return to the home screen.  Whatever I was working on was lost.  Sometimes instead of rebooting it powers down.  This power cycling problem was sporadic enough that it was tolerable.  Now after 17 months it happens many times a day.  My research finds that this is a common problem with this phone on AT&T's network.  AT&T blames the phone and Nokia blames the network.  Remedies suggested are a SIM card replacement, battery replacement, and/or firmware upgrade.  Use this as a data point to do your own research.  If you search for "E71 random rebooting" you will get a few hits.
