
I recently had the pleasure of trying out a Nokia n82 for about 2 weeks give or take a day. The phone was all pluses with the exception of two negatives that I found, poor charger port location and length of handset. Everything else was a hit from the speed to the battery life it was great.I know a lot of people will think almost 500.00 is a crazy amount of money for a phone but its worht every penny.

I have nokia n82 for 3 month. This phone is an all-in-one feature phone.1.The basic recieving and talking functions are good. I have used many Nokia phones. They all have good recieving ability.2.Build-in GPS is a nice feature. When I travel by car, n82 becomes a navigator (I installed Route 66). One thing mentioned by other reviewers is that the small screen issue. So I mainly listen to the sound instructions and just take a glance on screen when navigating. It works well for me this way. Also, I use Nokia Map as an electronic map, the map is free, good in details and can be updated.3.The camera and vedio is great. The lens is a Carl Zeiss authorized lens. The photograph has well balanced color, sharp and nice contrast. The N82 white balance is accurate which I think a good camera should have. The Xenon flashlight is great for dim environment, much better than LED flashlight like my previous 6682. I have Canon DSLR but still love to use n82 as a carry-on camera.4.The multimedia is nice. I listen music a lot--MP3 and radio. The sound of n82 is equal to iriver mp3 player when I use Sennheiser CX300 earphones. Besides, you can adjust EQ of N82. The podcast is the other good stuff. I can download podcast episodes via wi-fi and listen whenever I want. Its sound may not as good as N81, but impress me as a smartphone does.5. Bluetooth function is important to me because I use bluetooth headset. It pairs well with plantronics 510 and nokia BH-211. No dropping happen until now. I am satisfied with it.All in all, N82 is a good smartphone with many functions. I am very satisfied with it.

I went from an N95 to this phone and I am not disappointed. From the great camera to the available applications, it works very well. Battery life is excellent and I have dropped it a couple times on hard surface with little obvious scratches. Signal quality is great anywhere you find yourself. The only thing I don't like as much is the predictive text feature. T9 is better and easy to use.

The phone is great!5mp camera with carl zeiss lens,integrated GPS, mp3 player with great speakers and great headphones quality, 16million colors and freaking WIFI!!!the phone is just amazing!!The price is just wonderful, unbelieveble!!fast shipping,great job by Amazon.com!!Highly recommended!!thank you amazon.com!

i just want to know if this phone is made in Finland , cause there is a lot of these nokia phones are made in china and they are not good.

I bought the n82 a month ago. It's a good device,+ Excellent screen resolution+ Excellent Camera 5mp w/xenon Flash!!!+ GPS, Wifi, bluetooth+ It's nice to play games or view videos on TV using the A/V cable :)- Battery life :(- 3G is useless on USA or Dominican Republic [Where I live]

This is the best camera phone I have used. The wifi features are awesome which makes internet calling using Fring and Truphone so easily.I can even make a sip call with [...].It is a highly recommended buy.Thanks.

Previously owned a Sony Ericsson P1i phone for a few months and the Nokia N82 has the Sony beat.  The Media player on the Nokia N82 a lot better than the Sony. The Sony music player is really slow. Also, with Sony you have to buy their memory stick and other proprietary items, a real downer. The Nokia display, video and picture quality are excellent.  You don't need to bring a separate digital camera on trips. I'm a map freak and GPS on this device is really good. A definite aid when I was out of town trying locate a place to eat.  It just a downer that you have to pay extra for the voice service for the GPS.  The Sony Ericsson P1i does not come with a GPS however Sony does has a touch screen but that is no big deal with me. Sony has infrared & bluetooth connections but the Nokia N82 has only bluetooth but again no big deal.  I wish the Nokia had a the Track ID service. The Sony Ericsson has it. A definite plus when you are listening to FM radio and you want to find out the song listening to.  Overall, the Nokia N82 is a winner and I would recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone is all I wanted.Very easy to navigate. I am big Nokia fan, so moving from my old one into this Nokia was pretty much painless. I wanted it primary for making calls, sending multimedia messages, taking photos and the Wifi.Takes great pictures, that can be edited right in the camera. Pictures are easily attached to your text messages, the phone will automaticaly resize it for you.

This is a great phone. I love it. I love that i can take very good quality pictures, most of the time, with it's 5MP camera without having to take another device.I bought it to take it with me in a trip to South America. I was traveling light and the Nokia N82 was perfect partner. I used it for my music, to surf the internet at the Hotel via WIFI and using Skype installed in the phone, i could stay in touch with friends and family for cheap. Since the quality of the picture was very good i used it in many cases my N82 instead of a regular camera. Another thing is that with a free software that can be downloaded to your computer from the internet, linking your ITUNES music playlist to your nokia phone is no problem.OK, the cons: The Battery is week and only last for a couple of hours when using WIFI conection and music. The phone is not that slim and it's a little bulky. The keys are small but i find it easier to use than the keys of my previous SLVR by Motorola. It has UMTS connectivity but i cannot use it in USA but i bought this phone knowing that.*pardon my grammar.Thanks

This phone is great!  I and my wife are loving them coz I purchased the black version for my wife about 2 weeks later.  Voice quality is great, wi-fi is awesome, camera is still one of the best out there.  I think I got my money's worth!

I take a lot of pictures with my phone as it's always on me.  This phone has a camera and flash that are better than anything else out there.I text a lot and the predictive text is the best I've seen from the factory.  Is there a program I can download so it will "learn" words I use a lot that it doesn't recognize?Keys are small but feel is just right. Much easier to text than on an iphone.When it was over $670 I held off.  At under $400 I jumped.  Got an 8GB memory card for $23.  Great setup.Love this thing.

Although 3G data networks have rapidly advanced in the United States, most notably in the past few years, it may still be considered a beta mode type of product. I say this not just by reviewing data, but through extensive use of many devices and services. Without getting into a big story, I switched from an iphone to an iPhone 3G, to this, the N82. I have never been so satisfied in the pure performance, ease of use, and specifications. I don't mean for this to sound the wrong way, but I spend a lot of money on mobile devices. In doing so, I obviously get a good first hand feel of them. This phone is the best if you want: amazing picture quality (even at night), the clearest sounding signal, and an easy and bug free interface which is universal in compatibility, this is it. The iPhone 3G got too buggy for me. I hate dropped calls and inconsistencies. Now I have an iPhone 3G which is basically used as an iPod, and this, my new favorite gadget. The only complaint, which is not anything to worry about is- the sim card door is made of very thin aluminum and is fragile. Be careful when you put the sim card in.

Although I have moved on from this phone a while ago, I still keep it with me as a backup or a second phone when I am abroad. The best phone I ever used, the N82 is not only great at multitasking, it has a great music player and takes the best pictures on a camera phone because of its great form, dedicated camera button and a powerful xenon lens. Easily its best feature the N82 camera has served me well over the last few years and is still better than the camera for my new N900.The N82 is also very sturdily built and as a klutz I have probably dropped this atleast once a day for over 2 years and the phone has survived all my abuse.This will remain my favorite phone for a long long time.

The only minus is that it does not work with 3G.  But, that means that you can use the $15 data plan from AT&T.;Make sure you get the updates from Nokia's site, so that you can geo-tag your photos and use the most up-to-date version of the Maps program (it was updated late August of '08).This phone will replace your point-and-shoot camera, GPS, media player and your old phone.

great phone, nice cam, 2gb included, tv output, many functions, many software, many gamesthe cam is kinda slow but takes amazing pics, videos are great also3d games are great, this cell has an 3d chip, even quake has opengl acceleration, but there are few games that use thisthe bad, is slow on many thing, menus, contacts, etc, even with 128 mb of ram that sucks, now if you update it maybe that is fixed, i havent update it yet

I have purchased this item from Amazon about 2 months ago. Was promptly delivered.I had SE K850i prior to N82. Camera experience: SE loses big time. I finally have no need for my point and shoot camera and am currently selling it. N82: Great photos, nice design, very nice audio quality: both from external speakers and using headphones. Wi-fi works flawlessly. So far it's working perfectly. No restarts or glitches whatsoever. Great phone! Thank you Amazon!

I bought this phone because of camera knowing that is not US 3G and I dont plan to surf the net as much but using wifi is fast. Camera is better than 3.2 megapix point and shoot even at night, that's what I expected it(5 stars). GPS with garmin xt(5 stars)locks to satellite fast about 5 seconds and turn by turn is awesome. RF, Sound volume and quality (5starts) both internal and external speaker. Display brightness is not as bright but good enough (4 stars). I wanted to give 5 stars but because of display bright and not US 3G I give 4.5 stars.

Pros: xenon camera flash, 5mp camera, excellent receptionCons: Key layout and size pretty much makes the phone a pain to use, no US 3G bands, small screenOverall, this is a good phone, if you have small fingers. The size of the keys and the layout make the phone a complete pain to use. Other than that, its a decent phone.

I purchased this phone primarily because of the camera: 5 Megapixels, and with a real-camera xenon flash (most phones have inferior LCD 'flash').  In that respect I'm not disappointed.  Still, a few details about that camera: in order to turn on the camera, you have to slide open the protective lens cover (a few times I've been frustrated at my inability to launch the camera app - until I remember that protective cover!). Next, the camera is a bit slow to start up. Count on 3 seconds from the flick of the cover switch until you're ready to shoot.When you start the camera app, it's in picture mode. To switch into video mode, you need to find the right icon in the little vertical toolbar on the right side of the screen, and press OK.  That toolbar has more elements than can be seen on the screen at one time, and if you have at one point in the past scrolled down that list (perhaps inadvertently) you may end up wondering why your picture/video icon has disappeared; simply scroll back up.After taking a picture (using the dedicated shutter button) on the right side of the phone, in order to take a second picture (if you are in single-picture mode) you will have to press the right soft key (below the word 'Back' on your screen). If you instead mistakenly press the dedicate multimedia key immediately below that, you'll end up launching the Gallery application instead, and you'll have to press the right soft key again to exit that app and return to the camera app.If you leave the camera app for any reason, there are two ways to start it again. Either close and reopen the lens cover while on your home screen, or else press and hold the camera shutter.Once captured, pictures and videos can be saved to albums, or uploaded over the air to Nokia's Ovi on-line application, or to Flickr or Vox. I really like this feature! Take a pic while you are out and about, and immediately it's online for your friends to see.Turning to other features...The GPS is fairly useful and does a good job of recording a tracklog using the free Nokia SportsTracker application (see [...] One gripe: you can only upload tracklogs to the SportsTracker app using a cellular data connection, not WiFi.The WiFi works well also, and you can define named access points, which, when you are trying to connect to the internet, will only appear in your list when you are in range of them (you can delete them in Tools if you want).  You can set the phone to always prompt you and ask if you wish to connect via WiFi or cellular data. Save some money on data usage!The built-in browser is acceptable, and *way* better than the Microsoft Pocket Internet Explorer that's provided on Windows Mobile devices, but if you are a demanding user you will prefer to download and install Opera Mini. Speaking of downloading, you can download many apps and install them over the air - no pesky desktop synchronization required.The built-in messaging client is acceptable, and can handle multiple accounts.  One quirk is that it wants to define one account as being active, and all outgoing mail will try to go through that account (you can change active accounts with the "Connect" menu item) unless you change it in Sending Options before pressing Send.  Make sure you are properly communicating with your mail server before composing a big message however, since Messaging will simply delete your outgoing message if it cannot connect to the server.Others can talk about music and video playing as I don't use those features much.Gripes:- This phone is billed as 'US Version' but the UMTS (3G connection) is on 2100 MHz whereas most N. American cellular providers are on 1900 MHz. So, you may only be getting EDGE speed for your data transfers. (about 150 kilobytes/sec).- intensive texting is a bit of a pain given the very small keys. You can substantially improve your accuracy, speed and overall pleasure of text input by installing Adaptxt, which provides predictive word completion for a reasonable fee; you can try the app for 90 days from adaptxt.com before you buy.  On the plus side, you can pair a bluetooth keyboard (like the iGo, or Apple's wireless keyboard) to the N82 and type away with a real keyboard. I love this capability.- unlike Windows Mobile phones, there's no office suite included with the phone. But if you have a good data plan, you could just use Google Docs instead and do all your work on-line.

I have had this phone since it came out, and must say that I am very pleased with it's functionalities and features.I am impressed with the camera, and so far it is the best camera phone I have ever had, I also like the video function even though it can't compare with any video cameras, and must be seen as just a gimick for fun short takes.The GPS is one of two things I think is on the downside along with its buttons that I think is way to small, writing text messages is a challenge everytime.But all in all this is a phone that is well recommended.Go and buy it nowNokia N82 Unlocked Smartphone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)

I'm pleased about that phone, but be aware of hold batery time, if you surf on internet you should keep the recharger around. :)

There few main drawbacks that really should not be there:1. the battery is really weak: the phone runs out of charge in less than 48 hours withvery moderate usage (no internet, no camera, etc, only talk 15-20 min a day)2. there are very obvious bugs: Gallery application doesn't work at times (just displays 'no images or videos found'). It seems to have problems reading directories with images or videos both in phone memory and on the memory card.3. GPS application (Nokia maps) seems to have problems locating/finding maps, as a result I would have no maps displayed when I need them the most (i.e. when travel and no Internet)4. Automatic screen rotation really leaves much to be desired, and one would think this function should have been solid by this time.Now, I used Nokia smarphone (Nokia 7610) since 2004, that phone had great battery (7-10 days! with same usage pattern), gallery was working without any problems, and no noticeable bugs, always worked really sharp. When I got this new Nokia N82 I expected same level of quality (seeing that standby/talk time have increased according to the specifications). I really have to say that the N82 battery is really not up to theexpectations. I used to not even carry the charger for my old Nokia 7610 even when I  went for 4-5 day trips, as the battery was awesome. Basically, I am very disappointed with Nokia N82 as it does not get up to quality that you would expect from $400 phone. With short battery life and key functions not working sharp (like Gallery), this phone is a downgrade for me, not an improvement compared to my old, but sharp Nokia 7610.Having said all that, phone has lots of functions (Wi-Fi, 5MP camera, GPS, etc), but unfortunately you will not enjoy them much as the battery runs out really quick, or they simply sometimes not function right (eg. Gallery or GPS).Another thing (may be minor) is that Nokia Maps seem to require PC with Nokia Map Loader (and Windows!) application to get maps for your GPS, as a result the maps cannot be obtained using your phone alone; I must say this is just outright wrong, one would think there will support for LINUX users, as this is Symbian, not Windows Mobile.

Normally when a 3G-capable Nokia is advertised by Amazon as being the U.S. version, that means it is designed to operate on the North American 3G networks. Sadly that is not the case with this phone. It is not 3G-capable in North America. The only thing U.S.-oriented about it is the warranty and the charger. I was hoping that the "Asia/Europe 3G compatibility" in the description was a leftover from the non-U.S.-model description, but after receiving one I can verify that that statement is accurate.Very disappointing.Come on, Nokia, where is our real U.S. model?

I bought this phone to replace an Ericsson 810i that didn't like to swim in a pool with me. The Ericsson was great except it didn't have WiFi. I wanted a phone with these features: unlocked, 4-band GSM, FM Radio, high quality camera, WiFi, digital audio, syncable calendar/contacts, games, and USB connectivity. This phone has all these plus a whole bunch of extras. Some I can't use because my existing prepaid T-Mobile cell service doesn't support them. I don't normally chat or text very much so the $100/year prepaid service is just fine. The size (slightly larger than my old phones, but light weight) and very clear screen are wonderful. Keys are on the small side, but I find using fingernails work ok. The Nokia N82 is a great phone!Amazon was the cheapest by far, delivery was fast and free and the 3% kickback by using my Amazon Credit Card made it even more affordable.

Problems that i found on this phone:-No calls restriction to specific group or name. That sucks. On my Sony Ericsson K810 and later 850 i could do that.-No flash light-No intuitive name search in a stand-by mode, by pressing buttons, SE could do that.-No Forward-reverse function for MP3 player in a stand-by mode like SE.-Two silver buttons in the fron show wear instantly, literally in no time! I can`t believe my eyes. Video sometimes show distortion, as if you watch it through water.-GPS requires that i install voice-guidance for money before i can use navigation. That i would call a deception-SO PEOPLE, BE AWARE.I think i can live with all that, considering good points in the phone. I love camera and Wi-Fi. But dissapointment package is greater that i expected. Thank you.

I was contemplating buying the Nokia N95 8G, but when I saw the specs for this phone I changed my mind - mainly due to the use of microsdhc memory cards on the N82.  Although the phone only shipped with a 2G card, I theoretically could expand up to 8G at the present time, and possibly higher when flash memory is developed further.I guess the phone doesn't look all that interesting - silver on silver, candybar style, average size screen - but at the same time it certainly isn't an eyesore.  Go to Nokia for the full specs, but I thought I'd mention a few things I've found handy over other phones of the same ilk.1.  Sliding lens cover protection.2.  GPS, with added voice nagivation.  Voice does come at a price, but in the scheme of things it's negligible.  I'm not sure text-to-speech is available for this model, and I haven't been able to download it as yet.3.  Having the speakers on one side makes it easier to listen to music or videos - although it should be noted this phone will not stand up on its own, it needs something to rest on.4.  3.5mm generic headphone jack on top of unit.5.  Music sounds great through headphones, car cassette etc.  A nice touch is that if you happen to be playing music in the car through, say, a cassette adapter and the phone rings, you can answer the call using the car's sound system, hang up, and the music will resume, gradually increasing to previous volume - nice touch.6.  Excellent 5mp camera with Xenon flash, plus front vga camera for self-portraits etc.  Of course there's the usual slideshow functions, zooming, emailing.7.  3G networking.I guess the only real glitch I've experienced thus far (only had phone for 5 days) is getting my iTunes ACC encoded songs onto MusicPlayer.If you use the PC Suite software that comes on CD, you'll need to download WMP 11, as there's an issue with protected files.  To do this you'll also have to download Microsoft's Genuine Advantage Support (WGA) -which I wasn't that keen on.The way around this problem is quite simple.  Instead of using PC Suite when loading songs, use Data Transfer.  No probs with protection, WGA etc. Music goes on seamlessly and sounds great.If I feel the need to add anything further on the N82, I'll update at a later time.  All in all, I think one of the best phones of its type on the market today.

MORE THAN JUST THE CAMERAYES, THE CAMERA: Enough has been said of the camera. It's all true. I can take a photo in pitch blackness. The infrared will shoot across a room to auto-focus & the bright Xenon will illuminate the room to take excellent, quality photos in complete darkness. This is no exaggeration. It has replaced my actual camera so I can carry less. I record all of my YouTube vids with the phone, too.It's not just the flash. It's not just the 5 megapixels. It's not just the lens cover. It's a lens that can handle the megapixels and an autofocus that makes it worth while. Most of us aren't trying to take poster-sized photos. For best results, I reduce the initial size of the photo (to 5x7 or so) so it doesn't have to be edited down.OTHER COOL FEATURES:TV-OUT function that comes w/wiring. Plug the N82 into a tv and see the webrowser, photos, movies, MSWord docs, Excel docs, PowerPoint, PDF files, etc. Record video and see it on the screen simultaneously.(If you purchase a collapsible bluetooth keyboard and mouse, you'll have a 'laptop' that is more portable and has a larger screen than a Mac Air, fits in a jacket pocket and uses any modern tv's screen.)MEMORY: Comes with 2gb memory card. I added an 8gm sdhc Ultra to mine. It's fast, no delay. It can take 16gb card. 128mb RAM. Never get 'memory full' warnings. Dual ARM 11 332 MHz processor w/ 3D graphics hardware acceleratorGPS (comes w/ Nokia maps as well, but download Google Maps for free. It's better). At cost, you can add voice-guided directions as well.DOCUMENTS: You can view MSWord docs, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF. With an upgrade, you can even edit them.ZIP: Creates, opens, downloads and sends ZIP foldersWiFi that is very easy to configure. UPnP to wirelessly connect with other wireless electronicsVIDEO CALLING: This feature doesn't work in The States, but it allows you to take self photos/videos and see yourself as you shoot. In a few years when video calling reaches us, your N82 will be ready....Bluetooth, Podcasting, FM radio, currency/measurement converter, world clock, photo editor, video editor, NGage gamesThis is not a slider or a flip. It's a solid piece and that means it's very sturdy. Sliders come with flex cables that are subject to damage. Just Google "flex cable" and add any slider phone.N85 & N86: These newer models are sliders which look cheap. One of them has an 8mp camera, but no Xenon flash to accompany it.OTHER OPTIONS - WINDOWS MOBILE OR APPLE OR PALM: No other operating system offers as many downloadable apps as the Symbian systems. This means you can download Symella and download music, video and files to your phone like LIMEWIRE. You can download Handwave and direct your phone w/o even touching it. You can download Nokmote, Rockandscroll or Rotateme and direct the N82 by motion. There are countless more free apps available. It's just more expandable than any other operating system.Touch screens are gimmicks. They require a greater range of motion, usually two hands and make your screen dirty. A cursor only requires I move my thumb a few millimeters whilst iPhoners are using two hands and strokes. Cute, but not practical.CONSSMALL KEYS: The keyboard is the size of my thumb. Although the keyes are are spaced, Braille-touch is still near impossible because even my pinkie finger can touch two keys at once. Ridiculous!NO QWERTY: The T9 is both predictive *and* teachable. After a short while, you'll teach it most of the odd words you're going to use. I can key in my name by touching the same amount of keys as I would on a QWERTY, but w/o the range of motion and the bulk of a QWERTY.SPEAKERS: Considering this unit has two speakers and is an upgrade from the N80, the sounds isn't quite as clear, good or powerful as that of an N80. There is an equalizer, boost & surround feature, none of which improve the sound. The sound is good, but not what it should be and is an obvious step down from the N80. That 'said,' the N82 offers a 3.5mm jack. The headset sound is stellar.3G: The N82 doesn't come w/ US 3G frequency, unfortunately.CONFIGURATION: If this is your first smart phone, you should know that, because it's not released under the umbrella of a carrier, it will take a lot of configuration. You won't be able to just pick it up and do all of the things I've listed here w/o downloads, upgrades, input. These are not simply calling phones. They aren't for teens who just want games and music. Know this.SMALL SCREEN: The screen isn't as small as you may think. It's bigger than most and as large as some PDAsLOOKS: This stealth phone definitely flies under the radar. No bling. No wow factor. I like to think of it as a high end, understated Benz whilst the iPhone is a mass-marketed, gold-laden, flashy Cadillac. Of course, the iPhones aren't even remotely in this phone's league. The upcoming N97 from Nokia has more features, but it is larger, is a 'slider,' uses a touch screen and doesn't have a Xenon flash. Oh, and it's $300-400 more expensive.CARRIERIf you pair the N82 w/ T-Mobile in The States, you can enjoy unlimited web usage and downloading. If you go w/ AT&T;, you'll pay as you go. Although AT&T; offers 3G in The States, the N82 doesn't carry US 3G frequency so save money and spend all the time on the web w/ T-Mobile.If you opt for PDA like a Blackberry with any carrier, you will have to pay an additional $25/mo to be able to access the Internet. Nokia's smartphones are more expensive to purchase because they don't come with service in The States, but they are cheaper to operate because they can be configured to us the Net w/o hefty, monthly PDA fees.This phone runs circles around almost anything you'll come in contact with. The best part (to me) is that it's feature-packed but stealth, tasteful, compact, sturdy and doesn't shout "trend follower".

Great camera resolution, xenon flash, great video quality, good music quality, tv connection, wifi, voip, gps and a great looks...easy to use, easy to update, simple interface... great device.

I bought the Nokia N82 for the 5MP camera, the full motion 30fps video and the symbian OS. It replaced a SE K790a. The above mentioned features work well and I've never been able to fill my installed 8GB SD micro SDHC card. Initially I was concerned when it turns out some of my favorite programming is transmitted over the internet using the Microsoft WMA format which symbian doesn't support, however, I was able to work around this using my home Sling Player AV and installing Sling Player Mobile on my Nokia N82. Now through T-Mobile internet I listen to and watch a variety of cable programming worldwide which is coming off my home's Verizon FIOS box. I also get Shoutcast internet audio programming directly off internet websites through T-Mobile internet and this, of course, works flawlessly and most efficiently. It would be nice if more internet broadcasters adopted this format. Overall its hard to beat this phone. Battery life is very good considering how I use the phone and it recharges quickly.

Hi guys, I'm Jeremy Cai from Singapore and I just got this phone yesterday. It was part of a contract deal so I got it for alot cheaper than the ones here at Amazon.com. It came in a very cool box and the package includes an USB cable, an AV output cable (to be able to watch your self made phone videos on a TV screen is just amazing, and the image quality was great during my test runs), a pair of earphones, a 2 GB micro-SD card, an adapter for the SD card, a charger, a DVD containing Nokia's own PC suite, the manual and, of course, the phone itself. There are two colors for this phone as far as I know, silver and black, and I got the black one. It looks really sleek and cool, much like the Iphone, and I love how it feels in my hands.It's got great software, great multimedia capabilities and a great camera too. Nokia designed this phone to be a great photography phone and it shows. The five megapixel camera has a state of the art Xenon flash and Carl Xeiss lenses. It's practically unheard of in the mobile world. This phone has camera features that are second to none.And the amazing thing is that it has almost all of N95's features (save maybe the extensive video playback capabilities and a few others), making this phone one of the best smartphones out there now. I'm already loving how I'm able to do video presentations using my AV output cable (I'm studying Mass Communication). It's small things like that that make N82 such a great package.But it isn't without it's faults though. Sometimes I wish everything were a little more accessible; the camera controls are great and the camera is easily accessible, but access to features like music playback is cumbersome and tedious. I had to press upwards of about five buttons to play the songs I wanted. A letdown. Also, there's no touch screen or QWERTY keyboard, it's pretty much a conventional mobile phone even with the sleek feel, so if you're jonesing for a touch screen or a Blackberry style keypad you might want to look for something else.But, it isn't anything to shout about. If you're looking for a smartphone to replace your bug riddled Iphone, look no farther, the N82 will satisfy your tech hunger; everything about the phone screams next-gen.

I'm a big fan of this phone (5 stars easy!); just wanted to warn others that the screen scratches really easily, so be sure to get a screen protector.

I do not want to write about my N82. As you can read from others, it is a great phone, maybe the best on the market. However, how is the customer service?First, I am very pleased with the service hotline. Within seconds I had someone to talk to. But how fast are they if there is something wrong with your N82??I had several pixel errors on my display. I send my cell phone to a Nokia Customer Service Point. Before sending you have to fill out an online form and send this piece of paper with your cell phone. Once shipped they repaired it and shipped it back on the second day after receiving - UPS NEXT DAY AIR! I do not know how expensive this is, but it is fast and I had my phone back - 3 days after they received it.One last comment: The VOIP client is not working very well. If you need to know more, leave a comment. This is the reason why I only rate this phone with 4 stars, because I use the VOIP client daily.

There is an obvious leak between front panel and side, I think it probably  caused by cost-down fabrication. Plus, I just turned from windows mobile phone, so I couldn't get used to it at beginning. Otherwise, this NOKIA phone is well-function and smooth.

I agree with most of what's been written already here and I'd like to add my 2 cents as I have owned the n95-8GB too and I can tell you categorically, the N82 is a much better phone.Despite of the fact that it doesn't have 3G, I've decided to buy it and the reason is that I don't really need the 3G most of the times. Since it has Wi-Fi I can compensate for extensive downloads and applications. Using the EDGE is of course 'painful' compared to 3G and the only downside is that download and voice calls can't go through simultaneously. No biggy.N95 had a lot of bugs and very annoying lags in the camera when shooting (see my n95 review). Worst was a few seconds (literally) from the moment the shutter was pressed to the moment the picture was taken, processed and have the camera ready for the next one. An absolute no go... Slider is so flimsy on the N95 that I was really afraid the screen part is going to crack and dislocate.The N82's camera is a great improvement on that part. It has a Xenon flash and a much faster response time. I personally prefer the lens slide as a camera activator because it prevents accidental camera mode when in the holster, something I have experienced with the N95 quite a lot.Very useful function (especially for travelers): The modem function works great either via the USB modem driver or the Bluetooth, with download speeds that could put some so-called `broadband' speeds to shame. This is great in places where you have no Wi-Fi or free Wi-Fi for your laptop (like in Airport terminals, etc).The phone also syncs with the PC (outlook) using the same connections (through the USB or via Bluetooth)MicroSD: The N82's spec doesn't state support for HC MicroSD memory, but I took the chance and bought an 8GB one and it works flawlessly...Screen: Auto rotation is somewhat annoying but it can be disabled.Media player: Sometimes it freezes with other applications running to the point when it freezes and restarts the phone. It happens rarely but it does (with the latest FW version). Sound quality is reasonable although on my phone I hear clicks and pops on the over tones which is weird because I only transferred the songs as MP3 without additional compression to MP4 which is available through the Media Manager.A-GPS: Well this is a debatable function and whether useful or not it is up to how much really one needs a GPS. I find it to be a nice toy to have but I don't consider it as a serious GPS. In fact the Nokia maps are not so great for this service. The Voice guidance is free for only 3-days after which the navigation is disabled and when used, it redirects to purchase options which are so ridiculously expensive. I downloaded Google maps for the phone which work much better overall.Battery life: Much better than the N95, though it is not even close to what's in the spec. I don't know why Nokia doesn't think about that. The battery should be at least 1300mAh to give a decent battery life between charges.Overall it's a good phone for the price I paid (I don't see why one would pay more than a $150) for the black one as priced on Amazon, or even more for the N95 which doesn't give you more for the money.

The N82 is a great smartphone, GPS, 5mp camera, Wifi. The screen and the shape of this phone is great. I compared this to my friends N95 8gig, it has all the bells and whistles that it's older brother has. Highly recommend a screen protector. [...]

I have this phone and this phone is the best camera phone ever! 5 megapixel camera with xenon flash.! quality super good! recommend to all!

I was attracted by its wonderful function/camera and had read lots of articles with good comments about this cell phone. After my loved Siemens SXG75 got stolen at a gym last month, I ordered this one as a replacement. While the phone was on the way, I visited a retail store and took a close look of the N82. And I found that the too small key pad is difficult to press by my already thin fingers. I asked the store clerk how to dial numbers on this phone. He said that people usually have to press the keypal by nails!! It is a sufficient reason to cancel the purchase. Therefore, I finally returned the parcel for a refund.

Lo recomiendo uno de los mejores celulares que existen hasta ahora, similar al n95 8gb producto 100% recomendado lleg&ograve; sin ningun inconveniente y seguro, era lo que esperaba, muchas gracias

I bought the N82 when we moved to Hong Kong about a year ago.  It is a solid candybar phone and it takes excellent photos and can upload them to flickr in a snap.  BUT... it is horrible for texting and email and if I don't lock it before putting it in my pocket it calls the first person in my contacts about half the time. (I put a bogus entry in my contacts called "a" with a bogus number so at least I don keep calling Ambra from my pocket.).  The buttons are very small the shiny faceplate makes seeing the letters on the keypad all but impossible on with any sort of glare. And there is always glare unless you are somewhere darkish and the backlighting shows. Unless you know by heart the numeric keypad to letters conversion it is very frustrating to type a message. Except for the 5MP camera and easy upload to flickr I would not recommend this phone for the money.

I bought this one about a month ago through amazon and its the most amazing phone I ever had. Its an IPOD, Digital Camera, GPS, PSP, Phone and much more all in one.

So far I really enjoy it ,I've been dying to have this phone but I couldn't find a good deal, thanks to Amazon.com

Cons: Sluggish. Hangs every now and then. Video (movies) does not play for more than 10-15 min after that the sound comes but the screen freeze. Even after Xenon flash indoor shoots are hazy. The hands free is weird, it has a button to disconnect but it does not redial the last number. Also the disconnect button location inadvertently disconnects the call in the middle of conversation.Pros: Almost everything in a phone. GPS works fine, only time to first connect is long but after that it quickly links and works fine. WLAN  connects faster. Camera for all cell phone standard is extremely good, I used it on a trip and I am happy with the results. Speakers are good qualityOverall I would recommend this phone but keep in mind that it won't do things as fast as you would like it to perform. Forget about watching video as they play only for 10-15 min. To browse web, you wold need to update the flash player and I don't know how to update only the flash player, I updated the software from the Nokia website but haven't tried internet after that.

My previous Nokia products include the 7610, 6103, 5300, N90, N91, N73, N95 8GB, and the 770 Internet Tablet.  This is by far the best one for me.  The biggest difference between the N95 8GB and the N82 is that mine(N82) is equipped with the Xenon Flash, while the N95 8GB has LED, which is far dimmer, but can be used at night for video, which my bulb can't.  To keep it short, if you won't let go of your Navigation device in your car or your iPod, or would rather use many devices instead of one, then this product is not for you.  Here is a short list of what I HAVE ACTUALLY DONE WITH THIS PHONE.1. Free Nokia Maps App with A-GPS (radio towers and GPS to lock on location within 10 seconds, tops)2. Superb music and video app, standard size headset jack, my iPod headset sounds great on this phone3. Best pictures ever, best video(30fps), and TV-OUT!  Watch movies, recorded clips on my big screen!4. N-Gage gaming platform!  I have been playing various games against other people across the globe.5. Battery lasts two days with heavy use, right now it's playing Newsweek Podcast downloaded over WiFi.6. Youtube in the browser, not on a separate app like the iPhone.  This is a Real Browser!7. Post directly to Flickr.  No special address to send to, just take the pic, choose post to web, select Flickr.8. It geo-tags for me, when the pic is taken.Best phone for me, but not for everyone else.  I did a lot of research before buying.  Go to Flickr, type in N82, and check out the best camera phone hands down!

All my expections were met.  Description about the camera and the phone are very accurate and actually more features are available when you get to know the phone more. Now I did not need to buy a digicam anymore and I don't have to carry two gadgets in my bag if I need a camera. Very nice.  An invisible shield is a must though.

it's the perfect phone, maybe the only con is that since its a symbian it may be kinda slow for some apps, but great, 10 out of 10.

I'll probably not need anything more than what the phone currently offers, the shape and dimensions of the phone can be improved. I was looking to get an Iphone, but, the Camera on this is definitely a decisive factor.Compared to the Iphone, I would say internet browsing is still a plus for the IPhone (touch screen that is bigger), However, you can get what you want from this phone when it comes to browsing the net. The Camera on the Iphone can not match this camera.It seemed strange to me why the black version was 50-$100 more expensive (and popular) than the silver one, which raises the question, why make the silver version?

Probably the best phone around. Has everything you need. WiFi makes it even better. 5 MP camera is good enough for most of my needs. have not have any major problems till now. though the phone hangs a few times. This is after i loaded a 8gb card in it.

Its just a great phone. All features work as expected. The reason i'm not giving a 5 star review is because there is a little problem with my device:If you open and close, very often, the camera protector, OS get blocked. A restart is needed. Also, some times when I switch from picture mode to video mode, no video screen appears. Again, only a restart is needed.This is not a constant issue, so I can live with it and enjoy the rest of features like WIFI, GPS, and its great pictures.

I was minutes away from ordering this phone on Amazon.  It looks amazing.  Trouble is, it does not have the proper 3G antennas for United States 3G (AT&T;).  So you will only get EDGE speeds unless you are out of the US (Europe, etc).  Everything else on the phone will work just fine, but 3G will not.Just a heads up if you missed the mention of no USA 3G in the description.  I just got the N95-4 instead so I could have 3G.  The camera on the N82 is much better, but I can't stand EDGE data.  Too slow.  If you are on T-Mobile in the states, or don't care about 3G, the N82 is the phone to get!

Very good all round phone with impressive camera as I expected which is the strongest feature of this model, in my opinion, because of the xenon flash. Wifi is really easy to activate and video quality is really good with mp4 or 3gp capabilities. the 3.5mm headset jack is relly convenient for listening to better music quality using top of the line headphones. GPS is useful also although I havent fully relied on in since I have a GPS navi in my car. Keypad buttons are tiny but at least tactile...i find myself using my fingernails when typing or dialing. Another thing i liked was the independent ports for the headphone, power, and usb. Some cel phones use the same port for each of those and allows the user to just do one thing at a time whereas the N82 lets you talk on the headset, charge your phone, and access or transfer files in the computer all at the same time. Screen is rather small in today's standard especially since videos and internet are utilized. But then again its a candybar style so screen size is limited. All in all I still give it 5 stars and im more than satisfied with my choice of purchase and Amazon has been nothing but great with this transaction. Fast shipping, friendly, great price and very accomodating.

This is really a great phone.  The one Amazon sells is the US Warranty version and mine does not suffer from any of the plagues people mention online.  I believe the Asian versions are the ones with the problems.  I would have given the phone a perfect rating if it somehow incorporated a QWERTY keypad.  Maybe by tilting it over and sliding it up.  Otherwise, the camera/video recorder is where this phone really shines.  The built-in Xenon flash and auto-focus assist really makes the difference in your pictures.

This is a great phone. It's essentially an N95 in a candy bar form, and considerable cheaper. The camera is great, the GPS is ok, the rest of the features are amazing. This being a S60 phone, there's lots of third party app support for it as well. In terms of features you can't beat it.I did have an issue in the beginning with this phone. Actually, I originally bought the N81 from NewEgg, that phone had a faulty battery and had to be returned. I then opted for the N82 from Amazon since the N81 was out of stock on NewEgg. When I got the N82, it lasted me about a week before it started having issues with its SD card. It would refuse to boot up with the SD card inserted and after a little while would not boot up at all. I returned the N82 and Amazon overnighted me another one. I was without a phone for a whole of 18 hours.So given my experience with the N81 and N82, I'm giving this phone 4 stars. A+ to Amazon for customer service though.

Greetings, Thanks for its sale the article I arrive in perfect state responsible company, I am going to make next purchases with I widely recommend it to you in the community of amazon
