
I like the phone.  It's designed to be functional and beautiful at the same time, the best of both worlds.  The problem is that the operation manual should be more detailed.  It barely goes beyond turning the phone on and making a call.

I bought the Pink RAZR for a friend who'd been using a "GO PHONE". She is not really savy with anything electronic but taught herself all the new settings and menu on the RAZR. So if she can do it, anyone can. She loves the large screen and especially loves the camera. She didn't like the pink case and bought another case. She doesn't like the predictive text and she, nor I, have been able to disable it. She had bought me some beautiful crystals to hang in the window for Christmas. She sent me a text regarding them and her text was to have read "Did you hang your crystals yet?" and it came across as "Did you hang yourself yet?"  Other than the predictive text, she loves it and still is learning all the different functions. I got her this particular phone because another friend had replaced her RAZR of 3 years with another RAZR. The price is so affordable which is so important if you've lost your phone, dropped in water, or the battery isn't worth replacing and not yet elligible for an upgrade with your cell phone carrier.

The seller did not realize that Its a Motorola RAZR V3a.  There is a difference.  It does not take sims cards.  It says V3a on the inside of the phone.  I wanted a V3.  This phone is not compatible with T-Mobile.  Its only compatible with  alltel.  I was also sent a cable to recharge with out the plug to put into an outlet.  very disappointed!

I don't even give it a one star rating!!!!!!I ordered the above mentioned phone and I received the hot pink international version instead of this one.  I was not happy that even after I paid extra to have it shipped next day it was the wrong item.  Nothing was done on your part to replace the phone either so I assumed that the item was not available. Not happy at all!!!!

I bought this phone for my mother-in-law, and it worked great for the first year and a half.  After that the battery life sucks.

The phone completely quit working within just a week of using it.  The phone is just a piece of junk.

this razor was all reversed and did not have the proper battery in it.  It was not unlocked and I have to go to ATT to have it unlocked.  It is left handed and not what I expected.  It is hard to work, everything is reversed, bluetooth does not connect properly, I have to use to many steps to get it to work and shuts off without any reason.  this is very frustrating for a person with RA and am used to my old razor that works fine, I will continue to use my old Razor until I find a phone that has disability features and fits my ADA requirements.  Since California has a hands free law, this phone does not meet the laws requirements.  I am wanting to return it and buy a phone that meets  my ADA requirements and is easy to use.  It also does not work at my home.  I will continue to use my old phone and the new battery they sent me.If anyone else has a suggestion for someone who has difficulty using a phone and only has use of three fingers let me know.  My son suggested to buy a NOKIA or SAMSUNG.  I loved my old razor it was easy to use but this one must have been designed for a left handed person. I have difficulty with it and want to return it. It also came with the wrong battery.  BR56.

I bought this to replace one that I had been using for nearly 10 years -- thought I was pretty hoi-poloy when I got the first one.  Still don't think a phone needs to do anything but make phone calls and text, so I am happy as a clam in mud with my &#34;new&#34; razor.

I needed a phone to replace one that broke and didn't like the basic phone choices that AT&T; was offering (didn't want to have to upgrade to more expensive data or texting plans).  This seemed like a good solution.  First of all, the phone I got was not the U.S. version, as advertised - the big clue was the "personalise" option in the menu.  The phone works as a phone and actually has better reception in my concrete walled apartment than my old Nokia.  It also works for sending texts as well as any other basic phone with a numeric keypad.  I have no interest in spending a lot of time surfing the net on my phone, but it's nice to be able to access the net from a phone to download games, ringtones, etc.  I can not access the net from this phone.  It has menu options to get there, but when I push the button, I get an error message.  Also, even though the phone has a camera, I have yet to be able to view any pictures sent to me from other phones.  I never had problems like this with any of the Nokia phones I got directly from AT&T...I;'m really not sure if it's the phone itself that's the problem or if something went wrong in unlocking it or if there is incompatibility because of it being European.Also, the company sent the wrong charger with the phone and I had to buy my own charger.  I contacted them three separate times and was told on all three occasions that a new charger would be sent out "tomorrow."  This never happened.Update: The correct charger arrived in the mail yesterday (1/25/11).  I wonder if they saw my review...?

This phone was of a poor quality. When i placed the sim card and replaced the battery the cover could not stay on. I had to secure it with a piece of tape. The phone kept going blank and eventually went dead after a few months.I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I was sent used products.  The backs didn't fit correctly and the product only lasted 2 months.I was so displeased.  This is a situation where they only got one star because zero wasn't available.Unhappy

Have had the phone for at least a month.  Am quite happy and satisfied with the phone for my needs. I would definitely recommend this phone for anyone who doesn't need anything fancy.  It works well, have had no problems.  I have even dropped it a couple of times and didn't even get a scratch.  For the price, an excellent deal!

The phone looked good. It had a humming noise on every phone call -- interference that was distracting and made talking difficult. I returned the item.

I've never had a BAD deal @ Amazon !  This lovely phone is all the seller said it was and more. Delivered in perfect condition and accessories were unexpectedly included. I had a Nokia that was a piece of ----, SIM card from this phone went into the Razr easily and I was in business again. Only thing lost was a ringtone file.

This phone is junk don't bother this is the V3i won't take a memory card inbox holds about 8 messages and battery life is 2-3 days

We love this phone with all the internet & audio/video features everyone takes for granted now with their smart phones and tablets.  Sincerely wish Motorola still sold these on the west coast with all the current technology. The clamshell design's a convenient size and style for stowage and prevention against wear and tear... Please bring it back!

I received the Motorola RAZR V3 from Zena Mobile within a week of ordering it. The phone works without any problem as soon as I installed the sim card from the older phone. Everything works good, good reception and easy to use. This is my wife's phone which she likes a lot. It's not a smart phone (which she doesn't want or need) but it serves her needs.

I'm am very angry !!!! They said it was a verizon phone , it's not -- they said it was an unlocked phone , well it is not , they said it was a pink phone , guess what , it's half pink and half red , it can not be turned on and I'm stuck with a hunk of junk !!!!!!! I give this deal s zero !!!!  :(It only has a star cause you won't let me send this with out at least one , but it gets none from me ..........

I am 72 and wanted JUST a good phone but felt I was not ready for a "senior" phone and definitely did not want a smart phone. My son had had one of these when they first came out and loved it so when I saw this one I jumped at it. It is a super phone...great reception, well made, takes photos (not great but good enough for wallpaper), and does not have all the junk that I did NOT want. I am thrilled with it...if what you want is just a great phone then go for it! It also has darn good battery life. Before I put my sim card in it I had transferred all my contacts to the sim card and presto when the sim card went in all my contacts where there. By the way the phone sent to me was definitely new and not refurbished. Thanks Amazon and Motorola .

The seller said it was unlocked,  He said I was duped by T-moblie because theysaid the phone was locked.  Well, it was locked and unusable.  He refused arefund.  the phone is now a paper weight on my desk.

We purchased two of these phones one pink and the other black.  Black one center arrow buttons would not work so did not get past that and returned it.  Tried to make a call with the pink one today and it would not work correctly, they could hear me I could not hear them.  So it is now in the process of being returned.  How can this company sell such junk?I am very disappointed and frustrated and am going to go back to my old phone at least it still works.  The other problem I saw was that the battery did not sit in the phone properly and the back cover did not want to lock in place.

Even unlocked would not allow sign up to Verizon. Had to return it. Got credit right away. all went very well. Thanks

This is not a U.S. version. Not new either. Nothing in box but phone. Can't easily be set up. I hate it. A waste of money.

the seller pieced together two different phones to make this phone.  the battery cover did not fit on properlyl.  and within months, the battery stopped working.  the phones language was set to english, but it texted in spanish.

Having problem.....electronic not stables ....can be shut down anytime.....don't buy it.....avoid having problem....that why I send it back, I know this product don't have good review, but I give them a change to improve their product....but not too happy about it...

Has worked well for over a month. Color of battery cover is slightly mismatched to rest of the phone.

I was looking for a like phone to my RAZR V3 and found this with a fantastic price.  The phone I got didn't have the same options as my phone I already have.  Side-by-side  they looked the same except the new phone was a bit smaller.  I happen to still have the box my old phone came in and found the name RAZR V3xx.  I have always preached "If you find a bargain, there might be a reason-No such thing as a free lunch".I need to listen my words.  I kept the phone because it's my falt.Ronnie

This phone is a waste of time, it cuts in and out, it drops service and always asking for you to pick a network, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!

Although the razor is an older phone model I still love it and had to have it. I always wanted a satin pink one however with my carrier I could never have it. Thanks to unlocked phones now I have it works great! I also want to say that the seller was prompt and I would definitely order from again! Thank you.

Came quick and is a nice phone, it just won't hold a charge for more than an hour. Still need to go to the store to get a battery for it.

Ordered this phone and when received, was impressed. The phone came in immaculate condition. The phone was marked as used, light scratches but this phone was right next to brand new.

This phone is not US version.  The back doesn't fit  , 2 more backs were sent BUT one doesn't stay on and the other isn't very good either.  The phone hums and calls do not go through half the time.  The format isn't even close to my old Razr.  Very hard to set up all settings. Never ordering online again.

The phone I received had much more than I needed (bluetooth etc.).  I can not get it to ring, which is what I really need.  When it is in my hip pocket and I lean forward applying pressure it plays a tune. I am saving for a I-phone 4G.  Maybe January..............

I can't say much about the phone, because I haven't even opened the box yet. It is a Christmas gift. I did receive it very quickly, so that was a plus. I travel alot, so I don't get to play with my toys as soon as I get them. Once I open the box, and buy a SIM card for the phone, I will write another review. Until then.....

Slow in receiving this item. Had a lot of wear on the outer phone that wasn't mentioned. Battery is about worn out. Only lasts a couple hours before needing recharged.

I bought the pink Motorola V3 Razor on Amazon in new condition. My wife opened it as a Christmas present and within a week the hinge that holds the screen and the keypad parts of the phone together had fallen out somewhere at random. We were not rough with the product, it was poorly crafted. I do not recommend buying the Motorola V3 Razor. This was the third one we have owned and it broke the fastest of them all. It was defective when we received it. Every one of the V3 Razor's that we have purchased developed a fatal problem within a year or two, but this one broke the fastest of all. The phone still works, but it does not close right and there is a hole where the left hinge pin should be. I am very dissatisfied and we won't be buying any more of these phones.

This phone was exactly what I was expecting after reading reviews about it.  It is a good phone for making/receiving calls.  The camera is not good and I do not use it to go on the internet or play games.  But as just a phone it is great.

Won't work with ATT.  OOOOps !

This phone arrived defective.  Battery would not charge.  It was not described as I received it.  Supposedly it would come with charger, book, and all attachments from original phone.  That wasn't so.  Only a charger, a battery and he phone were included in the box.  I really didn't appreciate that.

Too small and certainly not worth 50$. Disappointed . I was really excited about getting it until I did. Then I realized it truly was too good to be true

when i got this phone first off it took forever to get here so of course it should have worked but of course it didnt the phone stopped charging after 1 day so i had no phone i had to wait two weeks for the seller to send me a battery then the charger stopped working and i have yet to receive that in the mail i will not buy from this seller again

I ordered this phone to replace my old Nokia. Loved it since the first day and have not had any problems since I purchased it last summer. Clear, crisp phone calls. I can now hear my calls during my bus rides to and from work which I could not do with my Nokia. Battery life is good and features are easy to use. Camera takes good pictures. I didn't want one of those high tech phones with all those fancy features. This is a good, easy to use phone at a very good price. I highly recommend.

I want to start this with saying they did refund my money...BUT that was because they forgot to send me the battery.. after I went out and bought a battery (that cost 50$ BTW) the phone worked for about a day.. after the battery died it wouldn't charge anymore. But the battery will charge on my friends charging dock. So it's something wrong with the phone, but I'm not shelling out anymore money on this phone. Also this is not a US version.. there is Arabic lettering on the keys and the space key is on the wrong side. After the refund and buying the battery I spent about 20$ on this pretty pink paperweight. I'll just buy a different one...

I love my new pink RazorV3 phone! The screen is plenty big enough for me to see it. It was also very easy to learn how to use it.

All i wanted was a phone I could use for calls and texting and the Razr is perfect for that. I'm very pleased that I could charge it with my computer as well.

the screen goes blank a lot I have to remove the battery to fix. It drops calls constantly even when I don't move. I had a RAZR for years and never had these kind of problems.

Had to order twice as 1st had broken battery cover & was not pink as ordered. When they shipped 2nd, again not correct color & may be US version but not compatible to AT&T services. Could not connect to internet, download ringtones or pictures. Highly disappointing as my wife was excited as has old razor & it quit. This was not as expected if cannot get services to use.

I have been with At&t since it was Cingular, and since I didn't want to get locked into another 2 year contract, I went for this.  Its a great phone. I ordered it on the 1st of the month and it arrived on the 4th. Battery was charged, and since at&t compatible, I was off and running.  Now for the con's even though you save everything to your sims card, it DOES NOT transfer to the new phone, but I did go from a Nokia to a Motorola, that may have been the glitch, because my husband has one (a Razr), and we tried his sims card and yep, all his info is now on my phone (all except the photos). Its easy to use, the user guide that's provided is useless, but go to the Motorola site, and download, or read what you need to know, and your golden. So far, no dropped calls, sound quality is good, it is user friendly, not too big, or too small for those of us who tend to misplace things.  Programed ring tones are awful, but that's to be expected. You will loose all your photos from your old phone, unless you know how to transfer them, all in all, a great buy. I don't think you will be disappointed.

This is a great phone for anyone who does not want to be locked into a carrier's contract. The description of the product was very good and matched the phone that was received. Delivery was sooner than expected. I would recommend both the phone and the vendor

bought this phone for a lady friend whose phone got damaged and was pleasantly suprised that this phone was in such good shape for a used one low air time and every thing worked when turned on very happy

When it arrived the only thing that was wrong was the back was broken. I had to order a new back. It was the magenta one, but I like the magenta better. Also, it was in spanish. After changing the settings and getting a new SIM card, the issue I have now is getting the browser to work along with picture messaging. I'm in the US, and this is a UK phone. It works, but it is more difficult to get the setting correct to work here. I do love the phone. Just be prepared to not be sure what you're getting. It is a pot luck.

Cute phone - I was excited to receive it... only problem is it wouldn't ring. The best we could get was vibrate. Had to send it back.

I talked to a representative about a previous RAZR I had; it had gotten to where I had to charge it every nite.  He reassured me the new one would not.  I got the new phone, had to charge it every its but I had people in hospital so didn't call immediately.Same representative told me it had been too long ( a month) & I couldn't return it.  This phone has gotten much worse now, static, drops the line all the time.  My friends have insisted I get another phone ever since I got this one.  Won't be from this Co. !

Great deal on one of the best cell phones ever made.  Came brand new complete with cables and battery.  Just popped the chip from my other Razr and it was good to go.

A GREAT PRICE FOR A GREAT PHONE THAT WORKS GREAT FROM A GREAT SUPPLIER YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG BY SELECTING THIS CELL PHONE

I had purchased this Motorola Razr with a little skepticism.  Wasnt sure at this price point, what I would end up receiving.  My phone arrived new and exactly as described.  Very pleased with my purchase. Was up and running with a new phone in minutes.  Just transferred my sims card from my old phone which was an AT&T.  Camera is an extra feature that I didnt have on my old phone and works well.  Glad I took the chance and placed the order.

This is not the same razr I have, mine is chrome where hinged and this is a cheap plastic. Returned phone

cam with no sims card I cant use the phone and what to know how I can get a sims card

I ordered this v3 to replace my old one. I had to replace the speaker in my old v3 once already. Well, this one showed up and it was dead. I mean works fine with a bluetooth headset, but the earspeaker is NG...I figured I have already replace one, why send it back.I got the item on time, in good shape, clean box, etc...You kinda got a 50/50 of getting one with a good earspeaker. (the weakeness of all v3's)I don't blame the seller....

I needed a new cell phone until my contract expired, so I didn't want to spend too much.  I used to have a RAZR years ago and loved it.  I ordered it and it came quickly - I plugged it in overnight and the next day there was still no charge!I sent it back, which cost me $7.95.  I will never buy a cell phone online again!

Phone arrived brand new, beautiful pink.. battery, charger, and book all new... put in myT-mobile sim card and it work fine. Battery lasted two days in one charge, couple of thing wrongis a tiny crack near microphone grill, lost phone # but can be re-input. overall it a good phone for the price.

I received this phone quickly and well packed. However, the add listed it as an American version with warranty. I received an international version without a warranty. The phone itslf is very good and easy to use.

Bought this phone as a backup, because my other phone was giving me problems. What they don't say in the description is that it is a 2g phone. Just heard from my local AT&T THAT THIS PHONE WILL NO LONGER WORK AS OF MARCH 31, 2011. Very unhappy customer!

Ok, so I have AT&T;, and my last two phones have broken, one because it was crappy and the other because I dropped it. So it was up to me, not my warranty, to replace my phone. All the phones I could have purchased through AT&T;, since it wasn't time to renew my contract, were a lot more expensive than this. This is a cute, very functional phone. The spring which connects the two halves of the phone seems strong and good quality, which is important because that seems to be one of the first things to go on flip phones. Since the phone was unlocked, all I had to do was open the box, power the phone on, and take the sim card from my old phone and stick it in this one and voila! It was ready to use, with my contacts and everything.Also, it is definitely new, not refurbished, and it included a charger. Hope this helps!

my wife loves this phone and orders them everytime she needs a new one from normal wear and tear. the seller was very good and prompt with this transaction. would use again

I needed a new phone with a much louder ringing tone. I had been looking a long time for this specific phone, because alot of people I knew had one. This phone works great. It has alot of features most phones don't have.I would recommend getting one.

Product was delivered timely and in good shape. Wife wore out her original Razr and wanted another. While this one looked the same, the user interface was different. It was Razr interface, just newer than the original, so the result wasn't what I had hoped for. Phone was as advertised though.

The phone works fine of itself but I had to order a new phone battery as the battery that came with the phone does not keep a charge past 20 minutes.

I've always liked the razr phones and was glad I could buy another one.  The color is what I wanted and love the moto ring!!  I even purchased one for my Mother.

Ordered the phone and looked close at the description......no where did I see that this phone would NOT work on the  Version network.  Now I have to return the phone.

if you are selling a phone it would be good to have all the right accessories that works with the item . I put the battery that came with the razr phone, and phone indicated invalid generic battery not Motorola original battery, returned to seller with no problem , but stuck with all the cases chargers and car adaptor that I purchase separate.

It was shipped the day it was ordered, I thought that was great - it wasn't.1) Not well packed - the box was rattling, the back lid had fallen off the phone, exposing the interior to other items rattling around in the box.2)Magenta, not pink - I could ignore that.3) The product does not work - it was shipped without being programmed. The only thing that phone does when you turn it on is display this message:Boot Loader 08.26SW version: R374_G_OE-42.10R_ABattery OKOK to ProgramConnect USB Data CablePhone CODE SIG 35:02:4)I took it to an AT&T; store, but they don't have the means to program it.5) Warranty was advertised, no warranty paperwork was included, only a shipping slip with an address (not even a company name) and no instructions on how to return the product.6) I sent in two messages to UnlockedCellPhoneKings (through Amazon) about this problem, both of which have been ignored.7) I went to the UnlockedCellPhoneKings web site - no contact information, no return policy.I am not a happy customer. I am filing a complaint.

Do you want a Telephone or a Android?  Comes with Speaker Phone, a Camera if you need one.  There were zillions produced en mass so parts are easy to come by.  It is a good size and in shocking PINK no one is going to take the chance of stealing it and you not recognize it from the get go!  All I want is a phone to call and make appointments with Lawyers.  I am suing every body from United Airlines, my Tattoo Artist, the Bitch that T-Boned my LINCOLN.  I don't need to text.  Fits in your hand and feels like you have a grip on it.  Good Phone, get one instead of a Samsung Galaxy.  It's cheaper.

I received this phone and it was NOT UNLOCKED. I need a subsidy code to unlock it which they did not provide. How can I get this subsidy code?

I've decided to downgrade from my smartphone back to a basic feature phone and have been looking for a phone that's better (looking) than the ones in store. After reading all reviews for this phone I was pretty pleased with my purchase. However, my smartphone comes with an 8 GB memory card, which has all of my extras (pictures and music) on it, and I would like to continue to use it. This phone DOES NOT support memory cards....there is NO slot for one. If you upgrade to the V3m you get a 1GB memory slot. So, if I didn't need the extra memory this would be an awesome phone. Great design, and you can find all kinds of cute cases for this phone!

This is my second one I had of these cell phones and they are the greatest little phones.  The first one lasted me 5 years.  Simple to use.  Easy for seniors.  Speak into speaker and say name to speed dial.  It's that easy!

I NEVER WAS ABLE TO CHARGE THE BATTERY......CHANGED 3 TIMES THE POWER CABLE AND NEVER WORKED. WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE

Poor battery life. The phone would have been great if I could have found a new battery that was an original Motorola battery.

I purchased this phone for my 18 year old daughter to hold her over while our contract with AT&T; expires.  We will be switching carriers and we do not want to get a replacement phone from AT&T; that might extend the existing contract any longer.  My daughter is VERY hard on cellphones, and I wanted something inexpensive, physically robust, reasonably feature rich, and that would still not be "embarrassing" for her to carry around.  When I saw this at the listed price, I could not resist.I have had a Razr myself in the past and I loved it.  This one is the later version, with more features plus video and a camera.  And being available in pink for my daughter was a plus.I was positively surprised when the phone arrived (and quickly I might add).  The product description was not very clear about what was included in the package, so I was relieved that the battery and the plug in charger were included.  This arrived in perfect new packaging, brand new, in perfect condition.The included battery had reasonable charge to it, so we plugged in her SIM card and immediately tested the phone.  It worked perfectly out of the box, and a few weeks later now she remains totally satisfied with this phone.Although it is not an iPhone or similar smart-phone, it meets her needs and requires no specialty or expensive service plan(s).  We do use unlimited text and data anyway, but we are currently under a legacy plan where that is not cost prohibitive.So in summary, although this is not the latest smart-phone capable of apps and the newer really cool (and expensive) stuff, this is a very reliable phone capable of text, data, photos and video.  If you are looking for a phone in this category, you really can not go wrong for the price.Keep in mind that a mini USB cable is required to transfer files (ie photos/videos) from the phone to your computer.  In addition, the required drivers to allow this are NOT included with the phone package, but are generally available on the internet.  I would post a link, but I am unsure if posting URLs in reviews is acceptable.  Nonetheless, it is easy to find by searching Google.  Further, "Motorola Phone Tools" software can be easily found on Amazon, at very inexpensive prices, and some offerings include the cable.I will update this review should our longer term experiences vary, however thus far we are VERY happy with this product, its features, and accessories included.

If you want a phone to be just a phone, this one is simple, small, light weight and easy.

This phone appeared to be great, however had to return it. It was not verizon compatable. Very easy return process.  I was very pleased.

I bought this product shortly before Mothers Day for my wife. Just two weeks (when warranty ran out)The screen began shorting out on the phone. Also texts were sent randomly before I could complete them,causing me to have to send them over and explain myself. The phone appeared new cosmetically,but appears to have multiple electronic shorts/problems. I was very disappointed,but the warranty was up!

I ordered this phone for my Mom. It's exactly what she wanted and what we expected it to be. She wanted a flip phone that was easy to use. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a simple phone without all the smart phone features.

wanted a voice  activated phone for my wife that lost most of her vision due to strokes, this one is sort of voice activated, but you still have to be able to read the window message if phone does not pick up your voice command, which she is unable to doshe has used her old phone for over 7 years with out one problem until the keyboard quit working, she is unable to use new one

Phone is a bit discolored, that is the the battery cover is a shade or two off from the rest of the phone.

Not US version as specified, dates in european order, ie: day/month/year.No Warranty documentation enclosed although supposedly "with Warranty".Very condensed photocopied instruction manual.Old version unit, Camera VGA not 1.3 MP.Motorola quality good, but Seller "Dealscaly" deceitful on not providing unit as advertised.

Pay attention to the reviews people. I did not and was scammed. I ordered three items from oem retailers. Two never showed up. The third which was the phone was not new as stated. had scratches and different color parts on it. The other two items I ordered had to have a claim filed of which I am still waiting for the refund to be posted to my account.

Phone came quickly. Worked for one week and then didn't. However, the customer service quickly replaced it and the replacement seems to be working well.

Thius is a great phone, even though the original design is years old.  For someone who needs a phone with a camera, and no keyboard, the RAZR is excellent.To get the multi-media capability to function, an AT&T; store tech needed to configure the phone with internet url settings - something I could not do alone.  Everything works well, and the price was terrific.The seller was extremely helpful and supportive.  I definitely recommend this product and vendor.
