
I thought this was a good price, butsince getting this I have spent more on batteries than the phone, and still, after four hours the phone is dead, the  seller has not responded to my request for something to be done

I bought this phone as a gift to replace my father's Razr. Long story short, technology has passed him up and is still holding on to the simplicity of flip phone. When first opened the box and took out the phone, I noticed that the keypad had dents and that the plastic that covered parts of the phone has dirt underneath it. Then I noticed that the back cover didn't even match the same color as the rest of the phone. The screen however, looked new. Then I realized that this phone seemed to be pieced together from different parts! Very disappointing and probably why the word "New" isn't front and center on this item. I've learned by lesson.

The phone worked fine; but it was not new.  It had scratches on the screen and on the outside.  It was a used phone

the seller neglected to say that it was not compatible with at&t carrier so i could not use the phone and when i suggested a return she stated that it was not possible and that i should try selling it myself on ebey. i will not be purchasing anymore on the web since everyone is only out to get over on the next sucker.

The phone works great! But the battery and charger were non working, chargers cord came out of the chager the second day, the battery held less than 3 hours charge. Company was impossible to reach. Amazon had to  take over and replace both the battery and charger!, but the phone is great

This was a replacement phone. The first one wouldn't charge at all. This one looks like they took covers from two phones to make one.  It seems to work fine, though.

The cell phone arrived on a timely basis as advertised.The unit was in good condition and works fine.However, the promotion of a SIM card that was supposed to come with the phone never arrived. So I would caution purchasers who decide on this vendor over another based upon such promotions to beware of potentially unfulfilled promises. I have waited several weeks to see whether the SIM card would arrive separately, but it has not.

I used to have this phone long time ago , I bought this for my uncle, but the only problem I had is its hard to hear when you call someone over the phone I cant hear them. its ok for the people like basic cell phone.

Stopped working pretty fast and not hold charge for long of course after the time to send back. Not happy

It's the right phone, but verdict is still out on quality of Outgoing voice.  Getting better as time goes by and may be due to extended storage time from production to use.  All in all, my wife is happy with it.  My rating is a 3 of 5-stars.

The Motorola RAZR V3 unlocked phone I bought from Amazon works just as expected... very well. However, the battery is not keeping a charge through more than three phone calls of minimum to short duration. Even after two days of charging, there is no message that "battery is fully charged."  I've even bought another battery with similar results... maybe it's the charger? If I can solve the battery-charging challenge, I'll be quite satisfied with the phone.

Had a used RAZR V3 with Verizon, Great model, Great Phone, Great network, Surprisingly great Camera, Speaker was fair, Had a slot for SD Card and capable of accepting bigger battery.But THIS Brand New RAZR V3 for T-Mobil: Similarly great model, defective phone, dead battery, good network, good camera, No slot for SD card, terrible speaker. Good Flexibility due to sim card.most of all The seller APEXCELL Has not responded AT ALL  to our multiple complaints and request for a refund.STAY AWAY FROM THIS DISREPUTABLE SELLER.

After about a week the phone started acting up such as having to set date & time at every other time I turned it on and then Emergency Use only whenever I tried to use the phone. Contacted seller, they replaced the unit with another one that is working great.

phone works but it came with a useles battery so I have to buy a new battery to make sure it was a working phone before I sended to a freind out of the country.

I'm very satisfied with this cell phone.  Every thing is working very well.  It arrived in perfect condition.

same as other one, didnt  have no battery and when requested one an it didnt even work and i had to buy one

This phone came packaged brand new with all the plastic still on it and in perfect shape.  I got it for my dads birthday gift because he Loves this phone!  We will get it hooked up later next month, havent used it yet.  But he is very happy to have another razr!

Grandmother absolutely loves this phone. She likes how large the screen is and can read it without the use of her glasses. The phone looks good and is attractive. Nice find. Phone came in NEW condition, I bought a refurbished version of the phone. Came with all of the OEM accessories, book and plastic just like new.

This was ordered for my patient he said service kept dropping. But like it otherwise. Had reorder a new one.

I had an LG that I really liked but the battery would only last about two days between charges, max. I replaced the battery twice and that did not help.I bought the RAZR, as I have one I used at work and I really liked it. It has an exceptional battery life between charges and the sensitivity and range are better than the LG. It is thin enough that I carry it in my front pocket so it dosn't need a holster of any kind. Takes great pictures also!The only thing that I see as a negative is you cannot see the screen very well in sunlight. But all other cell phones I have used in the past had this same problem. In a nutshell: Great phone at a great price!

The Motorola Phone you sent was supposed to be unlocked and it was LOCKED.WE had to pay to unlock it. Not very satisfied with the store that sold the phone since you sell it as unlocked...NOT TRUE!Laura Schulz

cell phone will not charge no matter what charger is used and this is my 3rd RAZR. I have to charge the battery on my old phone in order to use it on this one.

It worked for about two weeks, but then it turned off and never turned back on. It most definitely didn't meet my expectations.

This is what I really wanted and at a very reasonable price. I have never found a phone better for me.

Works great. Made my Mother give 6 months rent free at my house. Thank You so much. I think everyone should switch their parents into these or have them as a spare.

only lasted 24hrs. Too frustrated to return this piece of junk. My wife went out and got me an I-phone because I was so upset over this phone.

The phone may be great but I won't know. You see it is compatable with Cingular and AT&T. It is not compatable with Verizon or US Cellular so I couldn't activate or use it. I didn't know that these cellular carriers worked on different networks. Oh well, I had to send the phone back. It was not available for use with my network through this vendor......

One star is too much of a rating for this seller.  This item is not new and it has defects, but it does work.  The battery cover and front face are different tone of silver than rest of phone.  The battery cover does not seat properly; the power port is dirty.  The small, front displayed pulled off when removing tape.  All the sticky tape used is simply a ruse by the seller to display this item as new.  This is not original packaging by Motorola.  I do not believe the seller is being truthful about this item:  it is refurbished using parts from other Razr phones, not NEW.  I was not able to register it with Motorola for warranty.  As a used, refurbished V3 Razr, this item is not worth more than $30.  I should have paid attention to all the negative reviews given by other customers.  Amazon should not allow this seller to continue selling items as NEW when they are not. I am returning for full credit.

Good morning. I had a problem with this purchase. the phone did not come with battery and notice of sale says that came with your battery. thank you send me the battery

Phone is a replacement and identical to another we are using. It works well and gets better reception than our old phone. Considering buying another when one of our other phones goes out. We don't text, etc so no comments on that.

I bought this phone for my mother, knowing that it was not the newest phone on the market. However, after testing many other phones, my mother who is partially deaf, found the RAZR v3 the easiest for her to hear in both her good ear and with her hearing aid. Also, the speaker phone is exceptionally clear.

Amazon there affordable,reliable and shipping process is fast you can also track your package I'm quite comfortable shopping at amazon thanks amazon and keep up the good work GOD BLESS...

Having used the razr v3 for a month or two at this point, i have no significant complaints. The reception is reasonable, better than the 3 year old Nokia 6822 that my wife uses, but not as good as many other phones of newer makes and models. The phone when first turned on begins in Spanish but automatically switched to English as soon as the network was accessed.The speakerphone is not worthwhile and is only used when absolutely necessary as there is poor voice quality on the other end and the output sound is scratchy and sounds as though the speaker is blown. Another point of frustration I've experienced with the razr is an increase in the voice echo when speaking with other cell phones, although I'm not certain if the fault is the phones or my current networks' issue.Overall, I feel like this phone is a reasonable purchase for 100 dollars for an unlocked phone and I'm satisfied with it. In fact, I'm considering purchasing another to upgrade the reception of my wife's service, but not so sold on the value as to make it a no brainer-type decision.Other functions such as bluetooth, camera, video camera etc. work as expected and provide satisfactory results.

I was tricked into selecting this phone by the Alltel Associate who "Assured" me that this model had all the glitches ironed out from the previous model I possessed. I had complained numerous times to Alltel that the sound quality was awful, calls were repeatedly dropped, service was unpredictable.  She told me this new model was MUCH better, I would be very happy with it!I signed a 2 year contract, with 2 new phones/2 lines.  Then I find out Verizon has bought out Alltel. Am I happy?  NO!  This phone is even worse than the previous model.  On average, I have 20-30 dropped calls per billing cycle.  Neither Alltel nor Verizon is willing to do anything about it. It locks me out of my voicemail, so I cannot pick up my messages!  It goes into "roaming" without warning, even when I'm in my local area!My daughter was in a serious vehicle accident less than a month after I got this phone.  Her car skidded down an embankment after a deer collision ... She tried to call me three times, but was unable to get through.  She was able to call me after a passerby let her use his phone, called the EMT's, state police, etc.  I took photos of the vehicle, showed them the dropped calls on my bill, complained about the seriousness of not being able to get help in an emergency! I also explained to them that I had to talk to various medical personnel & had multiple dropped calls while speaking to doctors, orthopedists, physical therapists, etc.  This was very embarrassing & time consuming, as doctors would not immediately return calls, & be unavailable after I seemed to hang up on them!I brought all this to their attention ... "Sorry, we can give you another Razr, & check yours for defects".  Well, "New" Phone/SAME Razr = SAME PROBLEMS!So this is how I have to place my calls:  I find the number I need, turn on the speakerphone, hit talk, & walk around till I hear the dial tone ... & then I stand perfectly still, without moving a muscle, hoping I can complete the call.With a phone like this, WHAT IS THE POINT OF HAVING A CELL PHONE!  Arrrggggg!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS USELESS PHONE!!!  It will most likely fail you when you need it most!Samsung Hue is a Great phone! That is what my daughter has now & she LOVES IT! :)

Do not buy!  The description said a manual would be included and it was not.  Motorola says my phone was manufactured in Spain and is not the US version.  I have to go to the UK for any support on the phone.  I assume that is why I didn't get a manual.... the stupid phone is not the advertised US version.  However, I gave it two stars because the phone seems to work, but I am unable to transfer/store pictures on my computer.  What a PIA!  Do not buy!UPDATE:  I just got off a chat session with the UK support group.  No CD available, no drivers available from Motorola.....DO NOT BUY.  THIS IS A RIP OFF.  Thank heavens it makes phone calls..... so far.

The man I purchased this was wonderful,but the phone was not the US version. Everything was in Italian and the reception on the phone was very fuzzy.The return policy was smooth.

I bought this phone a few days ago. I  Like it. I mean the intent of me buying the phone was to be a back up and it serves that purpose.

Razr's are wonderful - I thought! The first one lasted two years. This one was purchased to replaced my first Razr the end of September and it's January and my phone doesn't work. I went to charge the phone and it doesn't turn on. This is the last one I buy.

Was a great phone.  Still use it when the other phones go down.  I like it cause it is small.  I would recommend this to the user who doesn't want a complex phone.

I would never buy this phone ever again it is the worst quality phone I have ever had it is nothing like any of the other phones of the same model this one is cheap.

This is an easy to use phone that fits our needs.  The vendor was very responsive.  We would buy this phone from this vendor again at any time.

Perfect for my wife---she appreciates a simpler device--Great volume.Good protective case--should last a very long time.Battery life is average.

I rated this a 3 because it didn't have some of the features of my old RAZR and the &#34;phone tools&#34; cd didn't work to transfer items from my old phone...

First phone didn't work after two days, but the customer service did great and they sent a replacement phone. It's been working fine for the past month.

the product was as show online  new in box never ben open came with charger  and instructionthe price was reasonable

I would say most women/girls love this phone. This is very stylish and is a durable phone. If you like the design, go for it. You can't go wrong with this phone.

My wife and I have been using the Razor phone for more than 15 years.  It is still the best basic, durable and dependable phone on the market.  Since neither of us really need the 'fancy' features that are out there today, this phone meets all of our needs.

I bought this phone few weeks ago. The phone battery does not charge fully. Its absolutely not working unfortunately this product does not come with warranty. I wasted my money.Thanks

Had the impression this product was new, paid more for the phone to assure it was new and in quality condition.  The back cover appears to be a different color silver, the hinge on flip is so loose afraid to use for will break and the phone appears to be made in 1999 and I currently have a razor phone produced in 2004 and has newer options this one does not.  Also appears to have a nick on bottom of phone. What a waste of my time and my money I work extremely hard for. I have purchased razor phones from Amazon before and was very pleased, so was highly disappointed.

this is an awsome phone with speekerphone option which i love very much i feel like im on startrek when i use it. i recommend this epecially at this price to anyone wanting a small stylish phone!

I bought this as a replacement phone for my Father.  He loved the Razr phone but as new models came out he upgraded, tried 2 others but never really liked them as well as the Razr V3.  The carrier did not carry them any more so the search was on.  I found this on Amazon, good price, quick delivery and as Advertised. The phone has worked well out of the box and my Father is very happy to be using what he considers the perfect phone.  I would recomend the seller and this phone for an easy to use, dependable unit.

I was very happy with the quick delivery and the product.  However; approximately 1.5 weeks later the phone was defective and not working. This is the reason why I gave the product a low rating.

I bought a Motorola Razr V3 phone through Amazon, though the actual seller is another company. It was supposed to be an unlocked phone, but is currently locked to T-Mobile. My phone provider is AT&T so i am unable to use the phone. I spent hours on the phone with my provider and Motorola and T-Mobile, but was unable to unlock it. T-Mobile said i was never with their service, so they could not give me the code for it. My provider even talked to them, to no avail. The phone remains a hostage of T-Mobile. I even contacted the company that sold the product through Amazon, still wonder why they would sell a product to anyone that can only be used by one certain provider's customers, they never responded. I am currently out the money and have a phone i cannot use unless i switch service providers. Though i have ordered other products through Amazon and have no complaints with them, this experience has made me think twice about buying products from a company online, instead of going to a store to get them.

MOM LOVES IT

Sent back within weeks. They fixed problem at time. Then, a few months later, phone locked up in the navigation mode. Never could get it out of that mode. Bought an iPhone.

I have always liked the V3 Razer phone, I doubt that I would trade it for another at anytime. Tough, ruget and dependable.

I bought this phone for my father back in November because he loves this phone and refuses to upgrade to a smart phone. Cost me 55 bucks to get it back then, he got it and used it for about a month and the screen just went black and stopped working. I was out of the country for the last 8 months so when I got back my father told me about the phone. I said no worries, it came with a 1 year warranty, I checked the page and lo and behold, I had a 1 year warranty, this was yesterday by the way. I sent a return request to them and they responded saying I only had a 90 day warranty with them, I went back to this product page to prove them wrong and the funny thing is they just removed the 1 year warranty on their product title and on their page. Coincidence? This company is selling trashy products that don't work, they are here just to rip you off and don't care whether or not your product works. Be wary, avoid this reseller.

Phone didn't work.So I got in contact with them. GREAT , they are going to be sending me another phone for my dad. Thanks, will be doing. business. again.

This was supposed to be a U.S version,but no matter how many times you change the settings it kept going back to the European time zone.Had poor reception.Never knew when voice mails came in.

Product was a cheaper version of the original RAZR.  Had multi-media software already loaded that blocked the ability to use my existing MM service.  I returned phone and receive full credit + shipping from the company.

Im not able to get it to change to text properly.Does this phone have some preference i dont know? Had the previous version which  bought here and I loved.

This Motorola Razr phone is no where near the quality of my original Moto Razr V3 phone that I happily used for years. When I first received this phone, I noticed that even the case is cheaper with sharp edges and no decor like the original. Even though it was supposed to be a U.S. version, the wording was totally European. The graphics were very poor and it did not have predictive texting like the original. It quit working after two days, so I sent it back. The supplier was very curteous and promptly sent a replacement. Well, guess what. The replacement would not ring. I requested a refund which I promptly received.These phone are advertised like they are like the original Moto Razr phones, but in reality, they are cheap imitations.

The item arrived on time and was new and packaged as advertised. I had no issues in getting it up and running in no time.I would buy from this vendor again.

i would never recomend, it was not new and the 2 one was not asked for and i paid 2 xs out of pocket to return and the buyer was not willing to assis tMOTOROLA no thanks.

Decent phone.  Came with T-Mobile proprietary information still loaded.  Sends a text message automatically everytime you turn on the phone. Battery would not hold a charge, but cheap to replace.

Bought this phone in the morning for $56, now same phone this afternoon is $46 bucks.....It's hard to keep up with pricing....maybe I should cancel my order and reorder same phone it may be cheaper later to night!!!!!

LIKE IT IS EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED, AND THOUGHT THAT EXPECTED SEND ME A GOOD GIFT ONE PERSON WHO LOVES THIS EQUIPMENT

My old RAZR V3 lost its screen (went black), and I was just not ready to be forced to pay AT&T; for a data plan, nor did I want to yield to the pressure to get a smart phone. So, I tried to replace it with a new RAZR, but AT&T; no longer offers it as an option. I ordered from a third-party reseller at Amazon, and I noticed that there was something different about the phone when it arrived. The keyboard-screen articulation was not as tight as my old one, and the keys on the side of the screen jiggled. It just felt like it was more shoddy manufacture. Something to do with the fact that the logo on the back says "China Mobile" instead of "AT&T;" perhaps...As I have been using it, I noticed that the Bluetooth connection is not as robust (the headset sporadically disconnects), and I can no longer use Bluetooth to sync with my Mac (it says "Connection with device lost"). The firmware is a bit different, but I'm getting used to it. The mini screen on the outside went black for about 2 days, but is now back--does not bode well.Overall, I'm glad to have a RAZR again, but I feel tentative about the quality of this one. I imagine I might have to replace it again because it is not as robust as the old one, which weathered my abuse for over 3 years.

Worked and Look Great. Great condition, and every thing is like the company said. Got it for my grandparents. So yea happy with it

phone didn't work after about 3 months.  Not as well built as they use to be when RAZRs were new.  disappointed on the short life.

It has served me well, it's easy to operate just wish I had a carrier for it so I don't miss place it.

I ordered this phone to replace a worn-out Razr that I've had for a few years.  I love my Razr; it's the perfect phone for someone who does not need a fancy iPhone, Blackberry, touchscreen, etc.  I expected a completely brand new phone, unlocked, direct from the manufacturer.The phone was locked (it needed a code) and had a "Refurbished" label.  T-Mobile and Amazon could not help me so I called Motorola.  I provided the MSN and IMEI codes (one-of-a-kind ID numbers assigned in the factory) from the phone, and he said the codes were not in the database, meaning the phone had been sold by a carrier or refurbished.I asked Amazon for a replacement. The replacement phone did not have a "Refurbished" label and did not ask for an unlock code; I inserted my SIM card and made and received calls.  However, the phone has AT&T; logos, screensavers, browser links, etc.  While it was technically unlocked, it was not what I expected.  The next morning, all the keys and buttons stopped working.  The phone was a complete dud after less than one day of use.This time I asked Amazon for a refund.  I guess I could ask for a third phone, but I'm sick of this and I found a much better price and warranty on the exact same item at another retailer.This page does not state that this phone may be refurbished, may have carrier branding, or may be locked.  In my experience all of these things were true.  Two different customer service representatives told me that every time they send me a replacement, it is from the same batch that Motorola sold them so it may have the same problems as the phone I'm returning.Bottom line: Amazon admits that, when you order this item, they don't know if you will receive the product described on this page.

Returned first phone because of no web access. Received second phone and still no web access phone works fine except no web access.

I have no idea if the phone works. I think it is for europe because they sent a european plug end on the charger. I installed the sim card and cannot make calls with the phone.When I find time to get to the Att store I am hoping they will be able to help. If not I will return the phone. Regardless it's a lot of extra time wasted to get a phone to work that was suppose to be ready to use.

Ihave owned 4 motorola razr phones.This is the worst.Worked for four days then it died.IT WILL NOT TAKE A CHARGE.

I have no significant complaints. The reception is reasonable, better than the 3 year old Nokia 6822 that my wife uses, but not as good as many other phones of newer makes and models. Overall, I feel like this phone is a reasonable purchase for 100 dollars for an unlocked phone and I'm satisfied with it.

I purchased the razr v3 phone through Amazon from Apex cell. I like that phone, but this one's navigation pad would not work consistently.  Whether it was a defect in the phone, or it's ability to sync with my service provider I really don't know.  I returned the phone to Apex and they issued me a full refund.  I would rather that the phone worked.

I like my razr V3 XX better........it has a place for sd card.  It was also easier to read and review past calls.  It could be user error, but I can't view dialed and received calls at the same time.

It is like the one I have been using some time and it has done a very good job for me.

This phone worked fine for about a month; then all of a sudden the phone wouldnt boot and lost the opporating system. Took it to verizon and they said this phone was made 10 yrs ago and shouldn't have even been active or avail for the last 5 years. I am pissed off at this crap. I spent $45 to get this phone and now it is a glorified paper weight. NOT GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!

I really like the phone but have had some problems. The first battery did not hold a charge and the replacement battery sent to me was still not holding a full charge. They are now in the process of sending me a replacement phone to see if the phone is the problem.

I purchased it as a backup in case my V3 dies unexpectedly.  Here are the eight more words required for the review.

This Motorola is an older model, but arrived brand-new and in the factory packaging. I was looking for a low-cost replacement phone and this fit the bill.  I'm not crazy about the limited choices (3) for ringtones and "themes" for the display but I can live with them.The wallpapers offered are dark and somewhat obscure the info being displayed. The highgloss screen also makes it impossible to read in bright sunlight so using it in the car can be troublesome. On the positive side, sound quality is great, the case is sturdy and a nice size and it hasn't dropped any calls.

Brought this unlocked new cell phone for my son as a replacement phone.  All he wanted was a basic functional phone which able to call out/receive calls, send/receive text & picture messages.  He found that he was unable to send picture message during his first week of usage, and then two weeks later, the LCD display screen was unreadable because lost of pixels.  We returned it to the seller last week for a refund.

hopefully it will be better than the last 3 . all had ear speaker failure . so far ok .

Although the phone works fine, it appears to be refurbished NOT new as advertised. I kept it because i needed it and did not have the time to return and reorder. We'll see if any issues arrise...

good phone for the money. has 2nd best signal I have found. only outdone by TUNDRA  only weakness is if you sweat on keypad they quit working. If you use plastic cover for keypad they last quite a while

Phone came brand new and in excellent condition. Although sold as a US version, phone was programmed in another language, I believe french. I was able to tranfer to english as I had the equivalent phone already and was able to piecemeal together the steps to get to the section where one can change the languages. However, it was still difficult and time consuming, and if I didn't have the same phone already I do not believe I would have figured out how to do so. Now that the phone is programmed in english it functions the same as the original Razr phone it is replacing. The manual that comes with the phone is a significantly "shortened" version of the original manual and is not helpful at all for the aforementioned process. Vendors selling phones from other countries need to either program the phone in english prior to selling or include instructions on how to do so as the process is near impossible unless you can read the other language. Overall very satisfied as the phone is a quality phone.Addendum:  After a month of use we have switched back to our original Razr phone. This replacement is not of the same quality.  Reception is minimal in most places. Phone hangs up during call consistently. Seems the only time the phone functions as expected is when the "speaker" function is being used. Otherwise it has many faults. It is clear the phone is not made with the same high quality as the original.

I bought the phone for my son for his birthdsy.  But the phone didn't work and I had to send it back.

Phone works great but is from a different carrier which limits some of the capabilities, i.e ringtone selection and a couple of other minor things. It does provide communication.  I'd make another purchase.

phone features are fine but battery life not as satisfactory as last phonethe battery charge is less than 12 hours.

the product front display screen is scratched and worn downwhen opening the phone feels like it's going to fall apartvery very displeased

received phone as was sold. it was as described by the seller and received in a timely manner. only the one downside was no place to add extra chip for music.

I first received this device in 2006 and found that this was an amazing device it did video, voice memo, Pics, etc. Everything I wanted in 2006. Still today is a great phone, I have it for my 12 yr old son. He thinks it is the coolest thing since growing grass.

I purchased two of these phones, because I love them and they've been discontinued. I hoped to have a spare when one wore out in a couple of years. Instead, neither phone lasted even two weeks.

I don't really keep up with all the phone hype and have never owned the latest phones. I find the RAZR V3 to be perfect for what I use it for, minimal texting and calls. The camera is terrible but its old so what do you expect?I just popped my AT@T SIM card from my old RAZR into the new one and I was up and running. I also like a flip phone compared to regular phones.

The phones they claim are new are actually 6-8 year old models and completely out of date.  They pay only a portion when returned.  Stay away!

unfortunately, this phone is much more flimsy than I would have thought. the sound quality is awful and I can barely hear the voicemail messages when I play them, it cuts in and out so much. It feels very plasticky and seems to be coming apart at the seams. This is not a reflection of the seller at all, I just think this phone is not a very good product

i bougt two last year the battery no good even no use the phone it go out itself the phone look good only battery problem

The phone arrived about a week after I ordered it.  The back of the phone would not stay snapped on with the battery in place, and I sent email to the vendor, but it was the subsequent seller feedback that produced a response.  We swapped about one email a day regarding the back cover.  I do not know if the fellow was busy, or if I was on a leash.  (I suspect the latter.)  After about four days of emails, the seller sent a new cover.I have not yet received said cover, though the email tells me it's in the mail, but being in a hurry, I applied tape to the back cover, and proceeded to get the phone ready for use.  I had forgotten the pure simplicity that is this phone.  However, that pleasure was not to last.First, the phone is not new as indicated in the sales copy.  It's a refurbished device that was first sold for use on the T-Mobile network, which is apparent when the phone comes on.  It's also apparent from the back cover being a different shade of silver from the rest of the phone, and then, of course, there's the problem with the cover popping off.The phone makes calls.  It sends texts.  It will take pics.  However, it will not send a picture to another phone (MMS).  After some delay, an error message appears on the screen indicating a "send" error.  There is no suggestion I've found for tweaking the network settings to make MMS function.I'm at a loss regarding what to do about this phone.Update (25 October 2010) The replacement cover arrived today.  It is wrong on two counts.  First, it has two tabs at the bottom whereas the phone only has one slot.  Second, the cover is too short.  I sent return email to that effect.Update (28 October 2010) Yesterday, the seller requested the IMEI number for the phone.  I suppose the intent is to resolve the MMS issue.  Given that T-Mobile and AT&T; do not appear to use the same frequency for 3G, I doubt much will happen there.  Then again, the seller could be looking for a back cover that fits AND stays on.Update (29 October 2010)  After sending the IMEI number for the phone twice yesterday, it was requested once more today.  The request came with a note that a return shipping label would soon be sent.Update (02 December 2010) Toward the middle of November, this mess all ended.  The phone returned to the vendor.  The sale was reversed.

I ordered this Razr because it said it was new, AT&T; and by Motorola, but after charging it up and turning iton the name that comes up first is T-Mobile!  The phone came with a charger and after the phone was fully charged, Iwent to pull the box with the prongs attached and the box started to come apart where the seam is and I had to reallytake hold on it so it wouldn't come totally open and the wires would be totally exposed! I still have my old charger from my previous razr and I use that to charge the phone battery and that is every other day!! What's that about?! I work and so I'm not on my phone through the day and I really don't text..but I ordered it and that's what I got.

Received this phone and there was an extremely annoying humming sound that distracted from every conversation that I had.  I believe that the vendor sold me a used phone as new.  I returned the phone to the vendor who replaced it with what was apparently another used phone, for it had it's issues also.  I gave up on it in less than a week and ordered another RAZR from a different vendor. Very satisfied so far.

MOTOROLA MAKES THE BEST PHONES FOR YEARS. I HAVE HAD MANY PHONES, INCLUDINGTHERE FIRST FLIP PHONE BACK IN THE 80 'S.THANK YOURAY

The younger crowd laughs at me when I pull out my RAZR.  They think it is so 2006.  I haven't had a cell contract in years.  When one wears out, I head to Amazon and buy another.  I am going to cry the day I have to get a smart phone.  I pay $50 a month for internet access in my home, why on Earth would I pay another thirty to have it on my phone???

I purchased this to replace a RAZR V3 that we've had for years. This phone worked, but it was not the same as our US version. In fact some of the information that was in the phone was in a foreign language. We returned it.

Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera and Video Player--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver). Razr V3 is old technology and it still works. Purchased this replacement RAZR after my old screens glue seal came off. I believe this was one of Motorola's greatest phones. Good Voice, Screen display quality, and reception.

The "Motorola" RAZR arrived on time but it was defective. The Seller replaced it promptly, however, two weeks later the replacement went dead. It was assessed by a local professional who said it wouldn't be covered by warranty because it was a knock-off, a counterfeit. I can't say if it was or it wasn't a fake, but I can say neither one worked as expected. It was a disappointing experience, one I caution others to avoid.

Do not buy this product. the telephone dies on you no matter how well the battery is charged. It is a rip off. i am so sorry I bough it.

A real stand up a guy, there's a reason he has the excellent rating that he has, would definitely do business again in a heart beat (Two Thumps Up)

I PURCHASED TO SURPRISE MY WIFE FOR CHRISTMAS AS HER OLD RAZOR WAS NOT WORKING WELL AND WAS 6 YEARS OLD. ALL SHE COULD DO WAS TALK TO OTHERS ON IT. NONE OF THE OTHER FUNCTIONS WORKED. I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED AS WAS SHE. IT JUST SITS HERE IN A BOX AS I WAS VERY ILL AND DIDN'T GET AROUND TO RETURN IT. I WILL NOT ORDER AGAIN AND DO NOT RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO EITHER..

Lost my phone in the snow and not ready to upgrade to a newer model just yet. This was a handy and well priced replacement.

Bought this item under warranty in April. 2 Weeks ago the inside screen went blank. Can still make and receive calls, but can not see missed calls or text anyone.Sent email to Seller 7 days ago about the warranty, and still no response. Buy at your own risk.

I purchased the Motorola Razr in February of this year.  It was a replacement for the one my husband had for years.  This new phone works just like the old one and is very reliable with a long battery life and is very convenient to carry.  We were dismayed when we realized that the Razr is no longer available through TMobile, but delighted when we found it on Amazon.com.  The purchase was very easy and the phone arrived very quickly.

THE PHONE WOULD NOT WORK. IT KEPT ON LOOSING SERVICE. WOUD NOT WORK PROPERLY. I PURCHASED 2 OF THE UNLOCKED PHONES AND NEITHER ONE OF THEM WOULD WORK.

The phone worked fine but the charger broke as soon as we took it out of the wrapping. I was very disappointed.

I was upset when I opened pkg.  the device looks weired. Seems the Device built up with parts from dump yard. Finally i tried to use but call disconnected upon picking any call outgoing or incomingusually we search online to get good product for less price comparatively retailer.  Then we should get quality and good product. That didn't happen in my case.  We need to be careful when buying online.One more thing the seller helped me to refund and responded very quickly. I appreciate that.

The phone arrived with battery and recharger in good shape, looked new.The battery recharged and I was able to use a T-mobile card and At&t; Sim Card in the phone.The card is unlocked for USA Sim cards but I am unsure if it is usable in with other countries Sim Cards.

the phone has very weak reception, drops calls and the volume on calls can drop to almost unable to understand or hear the other party

I have used this phone and during its time when there were no other fancy phones, this was great. It still looks appealing because of its look and if you are looking for a phone to use mostly for talking, then this is still one of the best choices out there. I have used CDMA version. I don't know if it has GSM version. Camera resolution is okay.

This phone does not work properly and I believe that it is a used phone. It drop calls and will not text at times. It is nowhere as good as the previous version of this phone that I bought.

Bought this phone because it said it was compatible with my in car system.  The phone came from italy , not the US so its all messed up.  Battery life is maybe 2 hours talk time and 10 hours stsndby.  Wound up trashing it and recycling the battery.  Good for nothing...  this is where they get that phrase from.

This item arrived in worse shape than i ever thought. Took it out of the box threw it straight in the trash....

I bought one of these 40 days ago,... lasted 30 days.  The screen went blank and basically became useless.  Junk.

This phone is very nice, thin, sleek, fits right in  your pocket.  I purchased thisphone unlocked and was able to put my T-Mobile sim card and started usingit right away.  This is a flip phone and very easy to use.  I use the alarm clockevery day and it works great.  You can download your own ring tones and gamesif you please, my phone already came with some extra ringtones and a lot of cool games.

refurbished and 1 yr warrantyvolume could not be adjusted, as if it were disabled. Callers could not be heard and nothing could be done to increase the volume from zero. This is a great phone, but the refurbishment was not. Returned phone immediately as replacement was not an option given. I will update regarding refund process.UPDATE: Amazon, as always, made this a simple, fast return and I was refunded within days. I did not find another replacement. This was a very durable phone with fine features. I owned two and enjoyed them each over a year before they decided to play in the street and go swimming, respectively. They rest in pieces and I've moved on to smarter phones.

they send us a phone and the screen does not even come onIT LOOKED GOOD ON THE PICTURE BUT NOT WHEN WE GOT IT

now i have 2 phones so if i lose one i have a spare.  thank you.

I love the phone and it works  great, like new. I got it transferred with my carrier and it was great.

This phone is ideal for those who still want to hold on to the sleek professional look of a RAZR.  The only downside is that it is not 3G so reception may be difficult in rural areas.  All in all, a very nice phone for a very good price.

The voice command will not work...our old razors were better and easier than this one...we needed this for voice dial as the user is blind and depends on voice calling...no matter what we did it will not let us call but one number with voice dial...We ended up buying a different phone with voice dial and it works great..Don't know what we will do with this one..Very disappointed in this..

The phone style and function are good. Price is affordable. But the problem is key pads are not working well. There was a problem when sending text message.

Two months later, the phone is dead and will not charge. It is going to cost too much to send it back so i will just accept my losses.

it does not hold a charge for mnore than 18 hours regardless of useotherwise it is a great cell phone in every respect

It old phone but very good.It very dependalbe a  cell phoneBuy motorola phone for the future.Good product never die

I brought this unlocked phone thinking I could use it with my AT&T service, The seller failed to say it didn't even have a place to put a sim card. It was a Verison Phone and can only be used with Verison. It wouldn't make any difference if it was unlocked or not. The phone is useless.I payed $60.00 for it too.  Buyer beware of all the tricks in the cell phone business.and this seller.Kenny J

Save yourself time and money and don't buy this cell phone. It's an old out dated phone that works! But like crap . Spend just a few more dollars and get a lower end but new  Samsung,

This is our third RAZR phone we have owned. The previous two lasted for nearly five years each. However this latest has been a disappointment as the ring option after less than a month of use has already stopped.The vibrate option is all there is to indicate an incoming call.  Since all we wanted was another  flip phone and had positive experience with previous RAZR models, this seemed like an easy choice.Hopefully the seller receives this feedback as well as others who are contemplating making certain choices in a basic flip phone.

The phone is a waste of money. Whenever I get an incoming call, it does not ring. Goes directly to voicemail. And part of the phone keeps falling off. Hope the seller reads this and contacts me so I can get a refund.

I didn't get the cell phone, something went wrong but i would like to comment on OEM.  After receiving a personal phone call from them to apologize, I was sent a bluetooth earpiece for free.  It is nice to know that some companies care enough to try and make amends.  Thank you OEM

Phone not like the original Morotola RAZR phone.  Was purchased for a senior citizen who wanted the same phone with same features as the original.

i do not look new,looks used.  i order and pd for a new Motorola RAZR V3 U.S version with warranty (NEW).  there where no pking slip, no warranty, or instructions in the box.  ph msg and notes in french or some other lang.  clled cust serv no help at all.  he told me to google or ck the internet to change lang to english or order another ph that he was sure &#34;it's unlikely the same thing would happen twice&#34;, can u believe he told me that.  if u need help dont look for it from reps CHADWICK, he was no help at all.  so im rtning the ph and get one else where.

If you need an &#34;upgrade&#34; but don't want a smart phone, this is the phone for you. I love this phone. I had no problems using it with my T-mobile account.

I bought this phone because I love the razor, best reception I have ever had I got signal anywhere all the time. but this phone is not the usa razor. its reception is shakey at best. and I have had really poor performance from the battery. average 1-2 hours use, or 2 days on no use (about half of what my old one got). its the uk version, so it operating screens are quite different ( Texting is "short messaging") so finding all your settings turns out to be a pain. also having lots of "cannot download message" errors.  it was new ,not refurbished but thats pretty much all that matched add.all in all really regret the purchase, sad because I have had 2 US versions and loved them, but with the "smart" phone craze nobody seems to carry them anymore.

Something not work when I talk on the phone!! something no signal at home!  S***!!  Don't buy that phone at all!

It is not made in America as claimed.  Certain words, such as &#34;redial&#34; -- in all forms-- is not spelled correctly.  The time is not universally set-- it does not change automatically when you are in a different time zone.  Speakerphone does not work without severe echoing-- rendering that feature effectively useless.  Various other irritating features that are not the norm on phones up to U.S. standards.

I bought this phone in July,2009 and it stopped working in Jan,2010.  Phone comes with 1year warranty.We left message on the phone number provided on warranty card - no one calls back.Sent email to address provided on warranty card.. email does not get through.So don't count on warranty as it suggests..

I used this phone for a really long time.  I even bought a replacement when the first one broke because I really like the design.  However, I finally had to let it go because the front flap screen was too fragile and broke easily.

This phone is easy to use, is small enough to easily fit in a pocket, has a very good speaker phone, has a low SAR rating when used away from the ear, and is not very toxic with chemicals like most new cell phones are. If you have sensitivities to chemicals, especially new electronics, I highly recommend this phone. It was not hard to find the needed accessories. This was the best price I could find for it and it was delivered quickly. It has all the functions I require. If you want the latest and greatest, this may not be the phone for you. If you want a reliable less toxic phone that does all the basic functions- I highly recommend it.

This phone was sold to me as a refurbished phone but the back cover doesn't fit. Other than that the phone is fine.

This phone done quit working did not evening have it a month.. the bottome lights up but screen will not and I had a hard time hearing on it

because something was wrong with the phone. the ringer doesn't ring. it normally is a good enough phone. I have the same phone. the only thing is mine is old.

I originally bought the Motorola Razr V3 before going to Europe, so I could use the same phone while I was there. It worked very well for about 3 years.  I'm fairly sure it survived at least two liquid spills and numerous drops from 3-4 feet.  At the end of the three years, for some reason, it stopped producing sound in the normal earpiece of the phone.  I could only use the phone if I had it on speaker. Obviously, that is not acceptable in public places.I tried two other phones, both Samsung, and they both dropped calls all the time.  I missed the V3 so much, I ordered an OEM version, and have been generally pleased with it. The software seems slightly different.  I cannot use some of the audio files that I was able to use on my previous Razor. Some of the same pictures do not load properly. The games are different, too.  All that this version has are two game previews.But the antenna works wonderfully!  I have not had a single dropped call, except when it was clearly the fault of the other cell phone involved (going through a tunnel, etc.).  It even worked in a moving elevator, where other phones cut off.So glad to have the V3 again!

JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW MY PHONE IS GREAT TO LOOKS GREAT AND WORKS GREAT SO JUST WANTED TO TELL ANYONE THAT WANTS A NEW PHONE THIS IS THE PLACE.THANKS AGAINTHERESAROSWELL,NM

Phone came set up with Italian as preset default language, had to use Google translate to figure out how to get it to English in order to use;  after a full charge, it kept shutting off, and, if it did stay on, the screen display would stop working. Returned and ordered from another Amazon vendor.

the phone was ok however the display glass fell off while i was taking it out of the box to sell to a customer abit embarassing  , end up losing the sale and still have the phone..

This phone is not working and I would like to return it.  The light does not come on when you open it up.  Please let me know how to return it.thanks,  Jan Young

The back of the telephone would not allow the battery cover to stay in place. Phone received in a carefully packed box but was not suitable for carrying in pure. The back cover would not have stayed put.

The phone design is nice, but it loses its charge in two days--and that's while it's off.  So you have to remember to recharge it almost every day, which is very inconvenient when traveling.

The screen is poorly made and after a while it start to look loke water has gotten into it.Would not recommend it

I have a hearing loss and grandson had one of these phones.  I was clearer and louder  than any phone that i had in 15 years. great buy.  Even bought a second one and plan to buy a third one for back up.  you wont be sorry for this purchase if you have a hearing loss.

We ordered this phone for my husband when he downsized from a smartphone & he loves its simpliicity and functions. It is easy for him to maneuver around and easy to find his contacts with little to no hassle.

Phone was NOT new and has data blocks on it.....IT IS A LOCKED USED, not new as stated PHONE! Amazon, your quality of sellers seems to be dropping lately.

I ordered this phone because I am currently using one. I love the one I have - small, good reception, great phone to purchase to use sim card/pay as you go no contract plans. I did not however receive a silver one I ordered - a black one was shipped to me. I was never able to receive a response from the seller to send it back. I received very little documentation from Amazon regarding the seller.. I KNOW I'll never order from Rapid Wireless again. And suspect I'll hesitate before ordering with Amazon again

I was expecting this to be a new phone, not branded by any carrier. It came packaged with plastic stickers like a new phone, but looked dirty inside like a used phone would.  It shows the AT&T; logo on power-up and shut-down, and has "AT&T; Mall" apparently permanently installed on the menu. (Which would be okay if I was going to use this with AT&T;, but I'm not)The enclosed warranty card is from "Consumer Certified Repairs" in Miami, FL.The phone seems to work fine, but it's sure not what I thought I was buying.  If I had it to do over again, I'd go for a used one on Craigslist instead.

We had numerous problems with the phone it turns itself off while my mother is using it on the phone.  She has always loved these phones (who knows why) and that is the only reason I bought it.  She also refuses to let me return it.  I even bought an extra battery and it is just defective.  Proves why it is no longer offered.

It is a very slim phone with a very loud speaker. You'll have no trouble hearing the ringer nor the person you're speaking to. It is nice to be able to apply pictures to your contacts and it has really good ring tones. The camera and video camera are great features as well.

Its better than the blue RAZR that I received it does have some issues & different language on it. but overall it will work for me.

Fast delivery, great price. Nice phone to replace mylost one (same model).

I bought this cell phone as a replacement for the one I had which was generally used as a backup or extra phone should any of my kids would be going on a field trip. The cell phone look and features was quite different from the earlier one I had from AT&T.; Up to this time, I can not set the clock on the phone. It doesn't have a day light saving feature. Right now, it is showing an hour ahead of the real time, and I cannot set the time.The manual that accompanied the phone looked water-colored. It looks so fake that I did not even bother to read anything from it.As long as the phone can still dial and make calls, I am just hanging on to it hoping to return it if it ceases to work because it has warranty on it.

Phone has performed without any problems, has better battery life and features than previous phone at a very reasonable cost

need to state what companies it will work with.  Needed it for US Cellular and will work for all most all but US Cellular. Did not bother to send it back will give it to friend with another company.

The phone was recived in a crushed box. The phone was fine. I had to return becuse my phone provider could not unlock.

Cheap Chinese knock off.  It even says China Mobile on the back.  It does work, but all the features are just a little bit different and it definitely does not have the heft of a true Motorola.  Don't get me wrong it works fine, but it is not an original Motorola V3 Razor.  I love Razors, because I'm not a tech geek and don't want a smart phone.  I just want a small, slim simple phone for emergencies, that fits in my pocket, without making me feel like I'm carrying a rock around.  No other phone meets my needs like a V3 Razor, so I keep looking for them when my old one dies.It is really too bad that Motorola doesn't keep making this particular phone for those of us who do not want all the crap.

The phone is an excellent phone and all the features work.  I have owned four previous to this one.  Two were U.S. versions and two foreign versions.  The reason I ordered this phone is because U.S. Versions had a few features that the foreign versions didn't and U.S. English was used.  This phone is not a U.S. version.  It says Chine Mobile on the back and uses British English.  So, the advertising is incorrect.

The screen is discolored and the battery does not last.  I bought it for my mother and it is a waste of money.

I like it.  Everything works, good reception, and sounds clear.  That is all I ask of a phone.My wife does not like the numbers on the keys.  They are a different finish rather than a different color.  In low light, you have to hold it so the light reflects on it at just the right angle to see the numbers.First time it got knocked off the night stand while plugged in, the back of the case cracked next to the charger plug.  I put a glob of superglue gel on it to stop the crack from spreading any more.  That worked, but it does not look very good.

I am sending back, the AT & T service advised these were too old that the Towers will no longer except the signal.  All I would get on the telephone, &#34;Network Busy&#34;  Please credit my account

Had nothing but problems with this phone. I owned one before, and loved it, but this replacement was just junk.

Very disappointed, altho we pay for sending and receiving photos this phone does not work for that and we have been on the phone with at&t for hours trying to get it to do this function. Also it sucks in other ways, limitted storage etc. We thought it was going to be the  razor v3xx version and made a great big mistake in purchasing this one. You shouldn't even be selling this outdated version. It was also overpriced.

phone was alright but battery does not keep charge shipping time was good and was what i expected but battery did not work right

I had entered a search for Verizon Motorola RAZR v3 and received one (two, actually) not Verizon compatible.  When I returned the prior one, I received a $59.99 credit to my account; however, no such credit has been given for this second return.  Can you advise when this may happen?  thanks.

I like the flip style phone and the Razr is nice and thin and lightweight, so it's easy to carry in a pocket.  The phone I received works most of the time, but it seems to have a short in it somewhere that makes it cut off at off times. I can be talking on it and it suddenly goes dead.  I can think it is turned on, but when I open it, it's off.  Sometimes I have to remove the battery and wet the contacts to get it to power up.  Nice phone but not very dependable.

The phone was not completely unblocked and could not be used on another network except AT&T. I had to spend more to unblock it. This is not what was written on the advert!!

This phone arrived on time. The phone had some issue with the battery not staying fully charged. I contacted the seller and they sent a free battery out to replace it.

not as good a phone as i thought but it works  not goeing through the hassle to return it

I purchased this phone as a replacement for a previous one I'd passed on to my Mom. The phone arrived within the expected shipping time and works like a dream. Thank you!

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE THINKING IT WAS NEW, HAD TROUBLE RIGHT AWAY, WOULDN'T COME ON, WOULD HAVE TO TAKE THE BATTERY OUT AND RESET IT ALMOST EVERY TIME I USED IT, FINALLY THE SCREEN WENT OUT AFTER A COUPLE WEEKS, I HAD A RAZOR FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND LOVED IT,AMAZON YOU SHOULD QUIT THIS COMPANY, THEY ARE SELLING BAD QUAILTY PRODUCTS, I AM A VERY DISSAPOINTED COUSTMER!!!I just tried to send this piece of s--t back and amazon says its to late, bought it on sept. 19, I have bought a lot of things on amazon but this will be my last, I can't believe there still selling this phone knowing its a piece of junk, so long amazon, as poe would say, nevermore, nevermore

i bought this phone to replace my son's razr that stopped working when he was in basic training.  both of us have/had razrs and love them.  he let me know that it apparently didn't have space for an extra card that holds music etc. (as you can tell, i'm not a tekkie)  i may take it back, as mine is old and i don't care about music.  razrs are great!

I bought this phone even though the reviews told me not to, because I loved my old RAZR so much and didn't have time to shop for something else that worked for me.  It works ok - it definitely arrived in new condition in a Motorola box, but the charger that came with it didn't have the appropriate connection to work with the phone (awkward).  Because it's an unlocked phone in which I am using an older SIM card, I also receive an error message text every morning.  Could be worse, but could be better.

As a smart phone user for a number of years this phone, even though a newer version was too simplistic. The small screen and super slow internet capability were only unsurpassed by the overstated photo and video capability. I don't know how anyone could imagine this device to be a video player!?

we got this phone for our 10 year old because we had one in the past and it held up really well.

Both telephones had scratched glass, one was worst than the other.One telephone completely stopped working.I will never order telephones from this site again

It's OK, don't hate or love it, just ok, there are better options out there. Save your money and buy a smart phone

product is satisfactory for my need only use phone for basic necessary. has features that are user friendly in most instances

The phone's default language appears in Italian, suggesting an International version.The keypad contained characters other than English, suggesting an International version.There were 10 Notes found on the phone and were in Italian, suggesting the device was used.The battery contained numerous scratches and did not bear the Motorola hologram.The left side of the rear cover did not rest flush with the phone when closed.There were visible black marks on the rear of the unit near the Motorola logo.The interior LCD screen has a visible imprint of the outline of the keypad.There was no protective film covering the exterior and interior LCD screens.The software CD was missing.The speaker would not play any ringtones or sounds when receiving an incoming call.Two of the speaker grilles on the upper left side appears to be pushed in. The company did not want to return my Money they lied and said I had damaged the battery which was a lie! Thank you Amazon for getting my Money back. Don't buy from this company!

I ordered a new unlocked Motorola RAZR V3 phone. The phone was listed as NEW on Amazon's web site. What I received was a dirty used phone. The thin plastic film over the screen was dirty and wrinkled. The sim card slot and the charging port had visible signs of scratching, indicating the phone had been used. I didn't even bother putting the battery in the phone. The phone was promptly returned. I do not condone deception.

Have owned Motorola cell phones, and previously used a RAZR phone for several years until it was destroyed in an accident.  Liked that phone so much, I decide to replace it.  This Chinese made V3 is not what I had before.  It lacks several features, and after using only a few hours, the ringer doesn't function.  (what good is a cell phone that you can't tell if you are getting a call?).  It is also cheaply made compared to the original Motorola V3 supplied by Sprint some years ago.  Motorola cell phones are usually of high quality, but this piece of junk was a true disappointment.  Don't buy V3's from this seller!  IT IS NOT A U.S. VERSION

Phones were just as requested, new and in the box. Unlike others who sell on here starting with the letter "Z" these were new and not refurbished!  Thanks.

I am going to return phone it will not stay charged for more than an hour, that's the only problem so far but unable to use for extended time to see if there are any other issues.

I love the RAZR but every so often you get a new one that is defective. Totally not the fault of the seller, it's the manufacturer....I won't stop buying them because when you get one that works correctly, it's a thing of beauty.

I had a razor before so I knew what to expect and I was not disappointed.  When I could not make the phone send text messages or pictures to the internet.  I called the number given and a Technician walked me through setting up and changing settings and now it works beautifully...I love it.  I give it  five star rating and the company that sold it to me.

Maybe I should have rated the phone higher since it is in such good condition, however, the phone cannot be programmed with current Verizon phones.  May I return it?

Guess there are different RAZR phones.  Not the one i wanted so giving it to my folks. If all you want is the RAZR look, it is fine.

Don't need a fancy phone. I've always love my razor so when it goofed up I had to have another one! Works great!

Looks good but made cheep so cheep it doesn't even work!!! Big time wast of money DO NOT BUY THIS PICE OF CRAP SAVE YOUR $$$

I have had a Motorola RAZR before and bought this one as a prepaid service phone.  I am elderly and don't receive or place many calls, but have it with me in case of an emergency.  The alarm clock is easy to reset, and I also use it to remind me three times a day to take my medication.  I have had it several weeks and so far I am very pleased with it.

I've had this phone since it first came out and love it so I bought one for my husband.  We live in the mountains and satellite coverage for cell phones is not reliable.  I have found this phone to be one of the best for picking up a signal.  Product arrived well packaged and within a reasonable amount of time, but charger did not work.  After requesting a replacement, I received an immediate response and apology.  I was not inconvenienced by having to return the nonfunctioning charger.  I was told a new one was on the way and an additional battery was included to compensate for any inconvenience.

Wish I would gotten instruction manual, can't change ring like I could with other phone. But for someone who just wants to get and make calls it is great. I don't have texting (probably only one not to) so I hope people are not texting me, I'll never get them. Great not to have to buy expensive phone I'll never use many of the apps 'cause I don't know how to use. Know so many people who love this phone, have told many friends about buying it here at Amazon and they can't wait.

This is advertised as new, but when I received it, it looked very used. I returned it for a refund, which is pretty much only good part about this purchase.

Phone works.  Charger does not.  Stench on phone still strong after wiping it down three times with germ-killing wipes.  Hold phone away from mouth to minimize breathing odor which leaves a slight burning in my throat.  That concerns me.  Reviewed return policy.  Since phone can make and receive calls it looks like I get to keep it.  Yippe.  First deal like this (Amazon / eBay ) not to my liking.

The phone was a assortment of parts from other phones or so it appeared and they didn't fit together very well. Loose cover on battery compartment, sharp edges on covers, etc. I guess I should know better than to buy a used phone.

we had this phone for 3 yrs and now they seem different but still like it other then not being able to send or receive pictures

Overall it is a good phone.  The sound is good and loud and it works as a phone.  But, I have not been able to browse the internet or sent anything other than text messages, and it is impossible while dialing to enter a plus so it is impossible to call international numbers.

The phone does not charge. Cannot get it to work. The battery was charged when I received the phone abut once the battery began to weaken that was it. It seems lighter than my old razor, plastic....maybe a knock off. Made in ??? Would really like to get a refund on this purchase.

This phone lasted two months...then the answer key stopped responding. Then the other keys stopped aswell. To be fair though the brand usually is very good....so maybe this model or unit was defective.

The product was exactly as advertised. But one thing I didn't expect was the phone to break within 3 days of using it.

I have no Idea what to do it did not work with the provider I wanted it to so I got a new phone.

I returned it. Later learned that internet access settings have to be properly configured for US to send pictures. Perhaps this was not done..

Phone does not work properly as the number six keeps dialing by itself...needless to say I need to return this Razr also

Much better than the non-smart phones offered by AT&T. The frequency response gives clear voice with both the microphone and speaker.  The menus and address book are clear and easy to use. The Bluetooth works reliably in our cars.  The case is sturdy and convenient.  The main drawback is that the battery usually needs to be charged every 2-3 days.  The camera is limited in light level and does not capture very accurate color.  This is our 4th RAZR, I still am using my original phone with a replacement battery.  Another benefit is that we don't have to sign up for a 2 year commitment with our carrier.

It works like it was supposed to work. I'll order another from this company when I need it. As advertised.

The only phone that I've bought that is just like the original one.  Only phone my husband will use..he loves it!

Once again, this was a replacement for a RAZR V3 that could not be repaired.  I wouldn't have any other kind of cell phone.  It is easy to use and I did not have to learn new operation instructions.

I purchased this cell phone from Amazon and it was sold as new. This cell phone purchase was to replace a cherished RAZR that an elderly parent had and absolutely loved. I wanted a new phone and so I purchased it from Amazon LLC and not from one of the hundreds of other sellers on Amazon. The first time my Mom called me it had a loud screeching sound in the background and that never went away. It also wasn't "new" as it had it five quick notes written in Spanish on the phone. Someone at Amazon didn't bother to check these phones or they would have found mine and many others here weren't new but probably refurbished phones. Phone never worked properly and Mom took it into an AT&T store and the rep was nice enough to check it out. He found the phone was defective and advised returning it for a refund which we did. So the lesson I learned was even Amazon doesn't guarantee you a "new" cell phone even if the listing says it's new.

Received it with non English on the phone. And phone is not functioning correctly. I have to purchase another phone already.

I bought this phone because I was looking for something simple and easy. The product said that it was thoroughly tested for quality but after only 1 day of use I had to get rid of the phone. I am not sure what standard of measure the company was using when they said that it was working efficiently but I couldn't use the phone without severe static and feedback blasting through the receiver, even people on the other end of the phone said they could barely hear me because of the noise. After awhile of using the phone I got a headache from the noise. I took it to AT&T; and tried getting a new sim card to see if that would help. It didn't.Dissatisfied. Very.

bought it to replace old similar phone for bro who doesn't want fancy smartphone.  It's a lot lighter and simple to use compared to newer phones.

was not a new phone like it was advertise.can not hear volume on phone . does not work with motorola phone tools .phone did not come with drivers.

I was not happy with the phone at all it worked until you tried to charge it then it would only work on the charger. Not a happy camper. It was a beautiful phone. The seller was very prompt on refund. Would definitely give him another try.

This product was mis-represented!  It is not the US version. It is EUROPEAN! You can not set the time or the date to US mode. I can not use majority of the apps that I should have available.  I am going to try to download the apps I need and if that is not possible - I will look into returning. Buyer Beware!

I ordered two phones, one of them has a defect in the board, I don't think I would try a used phone again.

Purchased a US Version RAZR V3 hoping it would work as well as the one I was replacing it with. NOT to be... it was in ITALIAN, which I do not speak/read, and the reception is not 1/8 as good as my old BELOVED RAZR. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT FOR $100.00.

I am very familiar with the Razr. This is the 3rd Razr I have owned. I bought a blackberry just for the phone, but the Data package was a waste of my money. I bought this Razr and had it activated and employees at the phone center were impressed that I had a new Razr. I told them that I bought it on Amazon I am a very happy Razr phoner. I am debating to go back to Amazon and buying a spare. Thank God for Amazon!

It did not come with manual. I requested they send me one by Email. Instead they sent me to a page on which the manual was located but it was in a code that would not respond to my system. With out it we decided not to try to guess about how to make it workIt also came with a 2 pieces of equipment, one of which, was the charger and the other we did not recognize so without a manual there was no explanation, and so we did not know it's purpose.  We thought it best to return it.

You can't go wrong with a RAZR V3 in most cases.  We bought these reconditioned and they were not at all what we expected.  They ran great for about a week, then slowly texting went out, then lost ringers.  Totally bad purchase.  I do not blame Motorola, these were not reconditioned very well.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE BECAUSE I HAD A RAZOR PHONE I HAD TO REPLACE. I DIDN'T KNOW THERE HAD BEEN SUBSEQUENT GENERATIONS, SO THIS IS A LITTLE DIFFERENT THEN THE ONE I HAD. I CAN HANDLE THE CHANGES, BUT IT SEEMS THE QUALITY HAS SUFFERED TOO. DOESN'T RING LOUD ENOUGH FOR ME TO HEAR WHEN IT'S IN MY POCKET, AND THE AUDIO CUTS IN & OUT DURING A CONVERSATION. ALSO, THE RING TONES SUCK, BUT THAT COULD JUST BE THE CHOICES ON THE NEW PHONE COMPANY I'M WITH. STILL GLAD I GOT THIS ONE THOUGH, AS THE FEATURES ARE FAMILIAR TO ME ( BEING THE OLD DINOSAUR I AM)

Bought it to replace my previous Motorola Razr that died. Needed to go to the AT&T store to have the simm replaced because original one did not work in this new phone. No charge for the simm. Mostly use it for calls and texting.

There is no rating.This has been the worst experience I have ever had!!!! The phone quick  notes are in german..The Battery dies after an hour!!! I want my money back!!!
