
I love my new phone! and I am very happy with it, I also like how fast I got it

Worked ok for a few months then began to exhibit eccentricities. Randomly needs sim card to be reinserted. Time and date are unreliable. Finish is cheap. The &#34;man&#34; keeps beating us into smart phones with crap

The lithium wouldn't recharge.  It's been sitting on the shelf for a very long time.  It wasn't as new a model as I had previously, but that one is on me, I suppose.  I called the vendor twice and each time was told by recorded message repeatedly that only one customer was in front of me.  After 15 minutes I was cut off.  I called again and got the same result.  I'm trying to get enough time in one stretch to figure out how I can return it.

I'm sure you read previous reviews. My review is the same as everyone else review. This classic RAZR was poorly built. It stopped working 1 month after receiving it.

I bought this for my husband he loves it thinking about getting him another one in a different color . This is the only phone he likes cause of its size.

Not compatible with ATT in ability to send pictures. Software outdated and no way to change it.  Good for texting and talking, but nothing more.

I am a Motorola Razor V3 fan.  This my third one I bought over the years.  The guys & gals at Zena Mobile L.L.C. were great.  I know I was a real challenge but we did have some issues but Mark, M.J., and Tim came through.  Sorry if I missed anyone.  You all provided great support.  The Razor is working well.  Thanks a lot.  Merry Christmas  Mark :-)

I was completely disappointed when I received the phone because it was supposed to be new and obviously wasn't. The phone was all dinged up on the sides. Was not worth the money at all. Next time I will be going somewhere else for a phone.

The first of this model I was sent was not the new one I ordered and paid full price for. I got a look-alike repaired, international version dated 10 July 04. Amazon refunded me $25.00. I ordered a case and car charger.I had to return the phone after 3 days of service with TMobile (the phone was listed as being compatible with TMobile) because it was defective. I was sent the same model again, a U.S. version, yes, but it was not new as it had been pre-loaded with Cingular (now AT&T;) software and after using over 2 hours of minutes of time on another cellular with TMobile it was determined by TMobile that Amazon had again sent me a used phone that was completely incompatible with TMobile (no matter what Roberta or Mary or Jason or... anyone from Amazon kept telling me, that the phone was listed as being compatible with TMobile)) that I could not use again and so, had to return as well. TMobile was gracious to cancel my new account without charging me.I can only hope that Amazon.com will say that both of their phones have been delivered to them and I don't owe.And that folks, is how my very first purchase and experience with Amazon.com has gone.

the cell phone doesn't work well. it doesn't ring at all. there is no sound when someone call you. i tried everything, but still no sound.

I purchase this phone from Amazon, advertised as new,it had a sim card in it with some personal information on it. You couldsee that it wasn't new. It had some static on it so I  traded it to a friend. I hope that this will not happen on any futurepurchase.

although this product does work it looks like a cheap plastic toy.  It also only keeps military time (no kidding) and cannot be changed to standard central time. I have no idea where  the product actually came from. Overseas no doubt.

The batterty the phone came with will not hold a charge, good thing i bought a backup one, the speaker phone does not work, the key pad does not light up, the ringer only works when it wants to and is crackly most of the time. very disappointed.

Phone was supposedly new. Got no more than a few bars of signal strength out of the box, then with in a week or two, quit working completely.  No bars, could not receive or make call.  Seller did not responde to email.  Made no acknowledgement whatsoever.  Save yourself the grief and money and shop else where!

I just started to use the phone and was surprised that the instructions were so unclear. information that I as asenior citizenexpected was not available. when I made a call I could hear as my previous phone, yet  there were no helpful instructions.Was the phone UNLOCKED as advertised????what should I do?????correction; I COULD NOT HEAR

The phone was cheap made and did not have a good sound to it. The phone was not what I expected.

I have the previos model of this Motorola and it works fine, but this one I received about a month ago, is useless, the battery goes dead even if you don't use it.  What a waist of money, I would ask for a money refund if that was possible.

Two stars because the RAZR was a classic/good phone.Minus 3 stars because this is one of our worst Amazon purchase experiences.I purchased this RAZR because it was advertised as new and from Amazon versus a fly-by-nite cell phone etailer.The phone was not new nor was it from Amazon.I opened the box and it was a mess:- Not properly packed- Screen protectors half on- Battery cover did not fit correctly.I thought I was buying from amazon but there was a note saying it was from another company that is selling them for amazon, call them if you have any problems.I needed a phone though so I shaved some plastic off the battery cover to make it kind of fit, I put a sim card in it and it worked like our old razr from days of old.The phone lasted 3 months then died:"Insert Sim Card" message is displayed but the sim card works fine in other phones. Cleaned contacts etc. Still dead. Googling this may be a side effect of whatever they did to unlock the phone.If you do opt for this RAZR and you receive one that is not pristine "new in the box" return it immediately and save yourself a headache.

U.S. version should really be removed from this item.  Instructions that came with phone were in English but everything on the phone was in Spanish.  Very unhappy.

I bought one of these unlocked Razr's off ebay. It's junk compared to my older AT&T; branded razr.These phones are made of plastic which makes it feel cheap. The phone drops calls and half the time I will answer the phone I can't hear the person on the other end but they can hear me.My advice is to buy a used Razr that's made of metal.

I paid for a new cell phone, but it looks like it is a refurbished item. To make it look like new, protective plastic covers were applied on each sides of the phone, along with a black hair that probably belonged to the person that put them on (I still have it). The casing is of 2 different blue colors.  Several calls had been made on this phone. I do not recommend this company.

Needed a phone for overseas use with foreign SIM cards.  Worked fine when received it.  Have had this for around 1 year, used in a variety of countries with a variety of SIM cards.  No problems.

I ordered this phone for my husband when his phone broke. He had a Razr before and loved it. He is very happy with his new phone. I paid the extra shipping so he would receive it in 24 hours. It arrived on time and he is very satisfied with the purchase. I would highly recomend this phone.

I bought this phone to replace the RAZR that I'd owned for several years.  It didn't come with a users manual and I''m not at all tech savy.  I'm still trying to figure this thing out.

I sent back two of these hoping to get the right phone but instead ending up with two refurbished Cingular phones from Italy.  (Both phones had the now defunct Cingular logo on them and despite changing the language settings certain menus still appeared in Italian.)If you can find a new Motorola V3 at best buy or the like, get it there.  As a former owner of a genuine US version, I can say it really is a great phone for the money.I am a HUGE Amazon fan and have been shopping with them regularly for over 5 years.  This has been my only bad experience with them so I'm confident this product is/was just labeled incorrectly in their system.  Customer service was prompt and polite when returning both shipments and because of that experience I can still feel confident shopping here.

Hated the phone, the sound didn't workk at all a complete waste of hard earned money. And the real crappy thing. I didn't save the box so I could return it. Never again would I buy a phone off amazon.

This phone works fine.  My old Cingular phone died, so I needed another one, and AT&T; was being stupid withhow much they wanted for an "outdated" phone.  So, I got this one.  The screens/graphics/menus are a bitdifferent than my other razrs, but that is probably due to the variations between V3, V3R, and whateverother versions they have.  I don't know which is which, but this phone WORKS just fine for me, andthat's all I care about.

Great customer service and thats important when ordering over the internet.  Make sure to verify that it is a US version, otherwise great website

Would not recommend this product or seller. First phone did not work correctly and had to send it back. Second phone I could not get the back closed with the battery in it. Wanted to send it back for a refund. Got a run around and then an offer to charge me a 30% restocking fee twice in order to send it back. I gave up. Will eat the cost of the phone. Was mislead that it was a new phone with warranty and it was refurbished.

I have a Motorola Razor from AT&T and it's a lot different and much higher quality, I think this phone is counterfeit. Real or not however it was junk and stopped working in a couple of weeks, maybe a month, I took the sim card out and thru the phone in the trash! Waste of time and money!

Bummer ! Said it was new but it was used !

Have no problems.  Put my sims card in and worked.  Its in good shape,  very little scratches.  Happy with my purchase

Phone working in order. received in a few days, though rather ''old'' its performance is good and I am satisfied with it.

Arrived on time, worked as advertised.  I would do it again should this phone go through my washing machine, as did the old one.

it's a great phone. I love it, very reliable and simple. The only problem is that it's not able to receive the data plan that's available here in the Bahamas.

I used to have this phone long time ago , I bought this for my dad, but the only problem I had is its hard to hear when you call someone over the phone I cant hear them. its ok for the people like basic cell phone.

this is the worst phone i ever had ,I had RAZR before from T mobile and it was great that is why I ordered this oneit was a bad decision because even if it said it was a new phone it is NOT, I have to charge it two times a day  overnightand during the day even if I do not use it the phone just dies this one star rating is more for the company that sold me the phoneKEER  KEERS wireless do not trust that their items are new

First let me state that I was more than pleasantly surprised by the honesty and integrity of Zena Mobile and their staff. Unfortunately the original cell-phone I received had a back cover which would not stay latched and fell off at inopportune moments. With no questions asked Zena Mobile replaced my phone in a most rapid and timely manner. I would definitely not hesitate to recommend this company and I will most certainly do  business with them in the future.I owned a Motorola RAZR that unfortunately was accidentally broken. I was more that happy with my old RAZR and still under contract with my service provider. Since I could not find one locally, I purchased this one through Amazon and in doing so found another great company, Zena Mobile, to do business with.

This phone deserves no stars. The first time i received the phone it was two different colors and made of complete cheap plastic we didn't like the color so asked for a silver one that was shipped pretty quickly (good service). now with the new phone the sound quality isnt that good also it isnt 3G obviously cause how old it is and pieces started falling off lastly the screen turned completely OFF!!!!! please dont waste ur money on this type of phone.

RECIBIENDO HOY EL PRODUCTO, SE REVISO Y ESTA EN PERFECTA CONDICIONES,  RECIBIENDO HOY EL PRODUCTO, SE REVISO Y ESTA EN PERFECTA CONDICIONES,

I was excited when this phone arrived faster than expected. My excitement turned to disappointment when I realized that it definitely was not "New", as advertised. The first clue was the loose battery in the box, not Motorola and no packaging. The next red flag was that the front, back and battery cover were three different shades of blue. And last, the User Guide was a reprinted version on flimsy paper. Although this phone works so far, I definitely did not receive what what I paid for, a "New" phone. I am amazed that a reputable company like Amazon can promote a product with deceptive advertising.

Why would anyone in their right mind pay 299.00 for this phone? Thats the price its listed as and selling for 55.00 Wow what a piece of junk. I already sent 1 of the 2 back that I bought and got another 1 that is questionable. The little pins that hold the flip together on the sides fall out. The one just doesnt stay in. I am packing the other one up now to send back. The spelling "dialing" is spelled "dialling" what language is this? I saw it and thought what a deal and then ended up paying to return items loosing money anyway. The battery will cost a small fortune to keep it plugged in. I MAYBE use the phone once or twice a day and already the next day its beeping for more charge. Sheeesh my old phone still works and holds my charge with light use 5 to 6 days. Im going back to that one. Sorry nothing personal but this is just junkSell quality.A Extremely unsatisfied EX customer

Excellent condition for a used phone no scratches or signs of wear, wouldn't have thought it was used if the seller had not listed as such , good but for me !!!!!

I did not read the ad with detailed intent to understand.  My bad, but it would have been appreciated to have warranty explained clearer.My cellular phone died and I needed a replacement.  Amazon helped me easily find a replacement and I choose one that had a year warranty, (Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video Player--U.S. Version with Warranty - Blue).  The phone arrived and I set it up somewhat easily, that is, after I guessed how to go through the menus and change the language from Italian to English.After two months of use, the phone started acting up and cutting off when carried.  I contacted the vendor, UnlockedCellPhoneKings, to inquire about replacement and was told that they only cover the phone warranty for thirty days.  The balance of the year is Motorola.  When I see a 1 year warranty in the main sales title, I thought it was from the vendor.  Oops!Anyway, upon further inspection, I was able to put pieces of paper between the SIM and the backstrap holding the SIM to the contacts and it stopped the turn off failures I was experiencing.  (It pushed the SIM against the electrical contacts better.)The Razor phone is the same phone I had previously, so no need to relearn.  That is goodness!  I hope to get the same good service from this Razor as the previous Razor.

I recived the cell phone on time and promptlyThe product was in new packaging however had been opened.The phone worked fine for about a week and when I went to get it from the charger and it was so hot you couldn't hold it.I replaced the battery with a new one and turned it on and in just min it got hot so I assumed it was shot.I did't know if it had any warrnties or who to contact.at&t; would not help with the phone and a repair shop wanted a 100. bucks just to check it out.I realy love the razor 3 phone and would like to get another one.

phone fell apert from screw dropping. vendors reply said contact manufacturer. i did and they said no warranty since it was not new.oem shop it was new.oem shop did not even have a phone for them or manufacturer. I brought product in dec and started using it about 4 weeks ago.

purchased this phone thru amazon is a great price made purchase for christmas it was here on time to put under tree and my husband loves his phone exactly the phone he wanted. you can not go wrong with this one.

Let the buyer beware is an accurate phrase for this product, because we sure didn't receive our item as ordered. This cell phone is supposed to be the U.S. version. It's clearly advertised as such. However, we had received the international version with no explanation and with no warning. This is not what we wanted, and it's certainly not what we had ordered. If you order this product from this seller, please do so with caution, because you may very well get the same negative experience. Either the seller screwed up, or they're guilty of false advertisement. There are no other explanations in this case.

I am very unhappy with this phone. It will not hold a charge even with a different battery. Almost every call is dropped.This is my 6th razr and I am very displeased. I have always loved this kind of phone, hence, I have continued to purchase them but this phone has been a horendous experience.

This phone never worked...I couldn't return it because I bought it for someone in another country....this was a pure rip off ppl be aware

I just opened my boxes to get a charger out, and these phones do not charge, itis one bar on the phone after charging for a while, the phones aren't navy blue either, they are some other teal blue, I'm going to open all of them and if they don't clear, I'm sending them back and let amazon know about it.  I just found out I cn't return the phones, I bought 4 of them because they were so good when I bought my first one from ATT.  Big mistake to order from you, and also, one of the boxes do not even have a charger that plugs into the wall, just a computer charger.  I lost $257.00, and can't get it back, but at least I know not to trust your company, even though you sell from amazon, the other amozon products are bought were excellent, but your products can't be used, because I cn't charge them, the adapters don't work.

I'm really happy with this entire transaction.  The price on the phone was excellent.  I received the phone within a matter of days after placing my order!  GREAT SERVICE AND NO HASSLES!

The phone lasted maybe a month tops. The case was not flush and fell apart. Do not buy. Nothing but garbage.

AUGUST 16, 2011 >>> I rated at 1-star. The differing blue colors give this phone away AND no warranty regristration card !!!!!!!!  I have been had !!  Will be contacting the vendor and Amazon !!!  The phone is not new, did not have a battery included (good thing I ordered a battery) and the headphone I ordered was in the "Factory Sealed Box".  Factory sealed?? Are you kidding me ??????  I haven't tried to activate yet, and don't know that I'm going to do that. But if I do attempt to have activated, I'll have to keep my fingers crossed on this one.  The description for this phone is very deceptive and I am not satisfied.SEPTEMBER 1, 2011 >>> EXCELLENT VENDOR CUSTOMER SERVICE >>> I elevated the rating to 4-stars, mostly because of ZenaMobile's customer service.  Zena's description in Amazon should have included the shade differences of the phone ... the main body is noticeably a couple of shades darker than the battery cover or the flip-up headset.  I returned the original to the ZenaMobile and they sent another blue unit almost the same.  The phone is in like-new condition and not sure if refurbished or not.  They explained that the differences in color are normal when new and the respective carriers had the proper colored jackets.  For that I am skeptical.  BUT, the phone was successfully activated by AT&T;, it works well, customer service proved to be excellent, it was priced right, and I am satisfied.  I'd recommend this product to anyone, but AMAZON and ZENAMOBILE really should make a notation in the description that this BLUE phone has varying shades of color in it's cover/jacket.

It appears this phone is being sold as a new phone when it fact I believe it's been refurbished.  Opened box to find a phone that had different colored part in blue.  The back and flip portion of phone was a different blue from rest of phone.  Also phone was just bouncing around loose in box - no internal packing.  Back piece of phone along with battery and charger were also loose in box.  The phone was not the quality as advertised.

Works Fine. received it quick everything works as expected. Installed sim card and the battery worked as it should have.

The phone was exactly what I was wanting, but it either had a problem with the sim reader or was not unlocked.  I was very disappointed and sent it back.

Bought for my parents and they love it.  They don't like the new type phone and this works great for what they need.

The phone is ideal as a simple phone - because of the flip design it is easy to hear - which is not true of a lot of modern phones.  Battery life seems to be very good - 5 or 6 days until 1/3 charge.

I had used a razr for years and had great luck with them. This phone was made up with parts of phone's, the colors didn't match and the phone never closed right. It worked for about a week and then starting asking to have the sim card loaded. It never worked after that.

I could not believe I was able to buy a Razor phone for less than 80 bucks.  new in box with charger ... I saw it for sale elsewhere online for several hundreds of dollars ... glad i looked at amazon

It was exactly what my boyfriend had been looking for.

Took the phone in to get it activated and found that it was not &#34;unlocked&#34; enough.  Did not work with Verizon so had to return the phone.

I know its used  phone but I din,t ask for broker  front display phone and the packing must have done , I dont buy who!!  Just  a big box and the phone charger  just what hard ride they  had thanks for so trouble

I had a RAZR for many years, but it died.  Replaced it with new RAZR about 2 weeks ago, and it is a pale substitute for the original.  Voice reception is poor, cannot understand all of the syllables, must ask people to repeat. Can only hear at volume on speaker.  It feels as if the lid will fall off.  Yesterday all went blank in the middle of a conversation.  I am truly unhappy.

Phone purchased from Zena Mobile out of Florida.  Minor problem with the SIM card being recognized after a few hours. Mike at ZENA just replaced the phone with another rather than trouble shoot the issue.  New Phone works great - I used MPT ver 5 that I had previously to back up my infomation.

I clicked on "Motorola RAZR V3 Unolcked...new from $51.99", and here is what happened.THE PHONE WAS NOT NEW.THE PHONE HAD BEEN COBBLED TOGETHER FROM AT LEAST 2 DIFFERENT PHONES.THE BODY WAS DARK BLUE, BUT THE BATTERY COVER AND FACE PLATE WERE LIGHT BLUE!Was the phone assembled by a blind person, or by someone who was aesthetically challenged?Was the phone assembled by a malfunctioning robot?Did the seller think customers wouldn't care about having different colored parts on the phone; like a car assembled from junkyardparts, with body one color, and doors another color?Does the seller think it is fair, or even lawful, to advertise items as new, while delivering used items instead?The plastic bag containing the phone, and the plastic bag containing the charger, were old and mashed up, the way plastic bags are old and mashed up, when you walk on them in dirt, and then throw them in the garbage.Like those old plastic bags this phone belongs in the trash.I REQUESTED A REFUND.

I had a RAZR several years ago when they first came out.  Unfortunately it was stolen.  I then went with whatever phone was being offered for free with renewal of my service plan.  I was never as satisfied with any of these phones as I had been with the RAZR. I was in need of new phone and it is several months before my next contract renewal.  So I decided to order an unblocked phone online.  Consumer Report did not list the RAZR as high as other phones, but for my simple needs it fit the bill, and the price was right compared to other phones with the same features.  I have been delighted with my new phone.  Simple to use, camera quality is very good.  The only drawback was the user guide included with the phone.  It was incomplete in many areas, referred to nonexistant pages for more detailed information and the pages were not numbered!  Better user guides can be downloaded however, so this is not a problem.

It is not the phone I thought I was buying. I wanted a high quality razor phone like the one I lost. This ones construction is far less superior than my previous phone, being mad out of plastic. It has less features, is slower, and has very little memory, as it only stores 10 numbers in the archives for numbers called or recieved. I bought a cheaper phone, so I got a cheaper phone. The pictures don't tell the whole story.

True to other people's experience, this phone came with a mis-matched back that wouldn't stay on, a battery that slipped into the compartment but wouldn't come back out, and a piece that broke off when the back popped off. I charged it but never used it. My guess is that these phones have been sitting around in a warehouse somewhere for a lot of years and are just old. I didn't trust the phone would work right but popped it right in the box and mailed it back. I'll buy another inexpensive phone from the local store.

Okay, so I already own a genuine Motorola RAZR and love it so much that I was looking to buy a back up.  I am not a texting person, I don't need bells and whistles, I just want a compact, lightweight phone that works.  Now I know that Motorola stopped producing these phones years ago so when the seller said that it was a brand new phone in the box, I was skeptical.  Still, if the thing had worked I would have overlooked many of these flaws.  But it didn't work.  Once I opened the back of the phone I could compare it to my genuine Motorola and see that this unit was put together by someone else.  The paint job didn't match, there was paint where there shouldn't be any, the back panel didn't secure the same, the front keypad was clearly hand painted and done wrong.  Again, wouldn't have cared if it worked, but the SIM card didn't fit properly and wouldn't stay in place so in the end the thing was useless.  I sent it back.  I will say, the seller took it back without issue and to that extent I was pleased but I am still without a decent phone and I hate having to go back to AT&T and get one from them.  They aren't carrying Motorola much these days.

I've purchased many Razr cell phone because that's the phone the owner of my company likes.  This last one didn't even last a month because the hinge came out.  I had continuous emails with the retailer I purchased it from on Amazon and they never would do what I have documented they said they would do (as far as replacing it in a timely manner).  We lost a lot of business because of not having a cell phone during this period (which I stressed to the retailer I bought the cell phone through).  The cell phone retailer has terrible customer service and should not be allowed to sell his product on Amazon.

The Item a Motorola Razr3, was quickly despatched to my address in the USA. when i received it in the Caribbean about 3 weeks after, i did not use it for another 2 weeks, I found the following problems, there was a message of Invalid Battery, the item ran hot, and the colour was not the metallic blue advertised. I have spoken to both Motorola and the seller and I have returned it for an extra $5.00us for a replacement.. Im looking forward to receiving. I truly love these Phones. Overall I was happy with the service

I ordered a Blue Razr V3 via Amazon from PUT Group USA. Not sure why the link on my order now says Zena so this review is about a V3 Sold by: PUT Group USA.I ordered a Razr V3 because I needed a Quad Band cell phone for overseas travel and swapping Sim Cards on my HD2 was too much trouble. It was worth the $55 to have both numbers working all the time and still be able to make and receive calls without paying roaming (26 cents a minute vs $3 at T-Mobile's roaming rates).I carried a V3 for many years before upgrading to an HD2 so this was a perfect choics (I also still had a holster, charger, spare battery etc.)The unit arrived from Put Group in only a couple of days and was exactly as advertised. A brand new unlocked US Version V3 in the original Motorola packaging with all the protective films still applied.I stuck in my US Sim to test it then put in an Israeli Sim and headed for Tel Aviv. Fired it up in Israel and it worked fine, no muss, no fuss.

Service was speedy, but the product looked like it was made of spare parts. The colors of the parts did not match.  It looks like the phone was made using parts of several different phones. The paint dye lots were different.

I received a US phone, as promised. BUT, it is not new, as promised. It is several years older than the current model. It has the AT&T; logo on the outside and Cingular software on the inside. My guess is that it a refurb.I wanted a RAZR V3 because I like them. I have two before this one. This phone is older than either of the phones that I had. I wanted an unlocked phone to take with me to Europe.Amazon sold this phone from their own inventory. It was not sold by an outside supplier. Shame, Amazon.BEWARE

Due to another reviewer stating they had received a European model, I called in first to verify that this was the US version and was assured that it was. However, when it arrived, it contained a European charger. The scary part was that the Motorola sticker on the box actually stated "euro simple pkg". You'd think that this would have caught someone's attention.In addition, after working with both the phone specialists (plural) and customer support, Amazon was reluctant to return my money for these phones. Their site states that cell phones are only eligible for replacement and a refund option is not provided. The phone specialists apologized and emailed me a return RMA and UPS sticker. I promptly returned the phones, both the original and the replacement. I received email confirmation of receipt of both returns. Both emails, however, stated that no monies would be refunded due to replacements sent. There was no second replacement/third phone involved. They now have the phones and were stating it would be 3 to 4 weeks for the refund to be researched. Finally, after contacting a supervisor, my refund was processed.On the upside, I placed another order for the silver razr v3 and it was the correct version. It arrived promptly and worked great out of the box.Word to the wise!

The details on the phone were that it was new. When I received the box had been crushed and it had a factory sticker on it saying it was new. When I opened the box the phone had multiple color blue covers. Operation of phone was just like previous RAZR owned but the display kept going blank for no reason. I contacted Zenamobile by e mail and they promptly responded with an explanation about the covers and how we would return the defective unit and get a new one to me. As of this writing 3 days have passed and I'm awaiting the next phone. Returning itemss to them was EASY and I packaged it just like they asked.

got the item today after a month long wait and the charging point looks rusty...doesnt charge, i tried a working spare charger and it doesn't work too, don't know from amazon is sourcing there mobile phones!!!!

i boucht this item, for my grandfather, an he's so glad with the cellphone. i think so that the price of this is very expensive, and the ship either,  and the seller is so slowly, clumsy to ship. but thanks to UPS arrived so quickly

order the motorola razr v3 it came in a timely manor on the date that was promised, i opened package everything was there and packaged correctly everything works correctly and i am 100% satisfied with this product and shipper

i like the phone , but had to return it. the screen kept going off and on , could not make calls when that happened and it would drain the battery to the point where even if i only made one phone call the battery would be dead at the end of the day....sent it back to be repaired or replaced ten days ago , still waiting for the phone to be returned.expected it back sooner , especially as it took only two days to get here when i ordered it

I bought this to replace my reliable wore out Motorola V330. This one feel good on the hand and comfortable to have in my pant pocket than my previous phone.The only problem I had was the insert sim card error I got repeatedly when had it initially. I fixed it by cutting a piece of business card and insert on top of the sim to press it down to let it have better contact. Since that I don't experience this error no more.I have been using it for more than a month now and everything is good. Reception is good. Talking is clear. Battery runs good.  Overall, I am happy with it.The seller shipped it fast, arrived in sealed box that contain the phone, charger, manual, earphone and CD.

this phone so so easy for my husband to use.  he is not a techy kind of guy so the simplicity of this phone is perfect for him.

The phone meets all of my needs. Decent camera, easy to operate, good volume and it works well with our car's handsfree bluetooth system. Unlocked phones don't tie me to a specific carrier and contract.

Do not buy this phone! Battery cover falls off, speakerphone cuts off, phone changes it's time clock several times a day. This is the most non quality I have ever seen from Motorola, especially the RAZR. No wonder the price was great... Even after reading all reviews, I thought I would try this phone; very disappointed with it and the lack of quality. It is being returned tomorrow. Do not buy this phone! If it is a new one, no way could I be convinced it is new...Amazon should review this dealer and why there are so many problems with this dealers product. New or refurbished?Almost forgot, the phone would not send or receive photos, my old Razr still can, har har!

Just got the telephone, and not working!I have warranty, try to contact but 2nd day nobody responded!

I COULD NOT FIND THIS ITEM ANY LONGER.  A SALES EMPLOYEE AT WALMART SUGGESTED I TRY YOU.  I WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THE CELL PHONE THAT I LIKE VERY MUCH..

I ordered this as a replacement and haven't been disappointed.  Phone was quickly shipped amd arrived in great condition.  Set-up was very simple; install battery (it charged quickly), inserted SIM, turn phone on and it worked perfectly.

I already knew the type of phone that I wanted before purchasing the motorola razr v3 camera phone.  I ordered it for someone who already owned the same type phone but the phone was broken in an auto accident. In other words there is really nothing about the phone that was not already known due to owning the same type of phone in the past. I can say that the phone arrived in mint condition (not damaged in any way during shipping etc.)

this phone is unlocked and can be used when traveling and also I can use it herein the US and not worry about calling my family when I leave the county

The phone is good. Works well except that it will not send or receive picture messages.But then, it is an older version phone.

Shipped and arrived very quickly.  Working great with T-Mobile prepaid SIM card, one of the most economical way to carry a cell phone if you do not use alot of minutes every month.

item was as described but has little to no memory and memory cannot be expanded with SD card, but phone works fine and looks great.

I read the reviews for this product and despite some negative conserns I ordered the this phone anyway I have had the same issues as other customers. First I paid for  NEW PHONE and was obviously sent a REFURBISHED one and Secondly the screen did not work?! This is not only disapointing but unacceptable, and will greatly affect my future business in buying from amazon again. Please take causion when considering this product.

I like it alot. The only thing I didn't like -there was no manuel with it. motorola went green and you have to look it up online.

couldn't get it to send or receive pictures took to at&t; when leaving fell out of my had and dented it didn't even help still won't workwe are trying one more  phone

This phone was not new. It was obviously refurbed and missing the back plate. I can deal with a product if it WORKS, but the phone I received had something wrong with the microphone as the phone calls that did not "FAIL" subjected the callee to a one-sided conversation (they could not hear me because the phone was BROKEN.) Also, since the phone was not "branded" the AT&T rep i spoke with said that they could not "guarantee that the phone would be fully covered by the network" and could experience dropped calls more frequently. of the 10 phone calls i tried to make in the one hour that i gave this phone a shot, 8 of them failed and 2 of them got through, but as i mentioned, only varified that this phone was garbage. albeit very stylish garbage. if i could give it less than 1 star, i would. also, the phone was at least 2 different shades of blue.

I bought this phone from Amazon about two years ago but I never enjoyed it. Its a nice beautiful phone but since I bought mine the internal speaker has never worked. I mean whether you use the phone to call or someone calls you on it, you won't hear anything except you put the speaker on. I have taken it to a few technicians and no one knows what to do. I wish there is someone there who knows what to do.

This phone did not last at all. It went from my favorite to my worst phone model. Will never buy again.

Ordered the razr, came in just a few days..great. For simple dependable use without all the hooopla, can't be beat. The razr this one replaced was originalv2....yes it lasted that long. will outlast all the new phones and is sturdier by far. If yu just want a PHONE the razr is the way to go.

Its say its for verizen and its a lie its can't work and now I keep it for nothing so stop lieing

Battery life is poor, set up is a nightmare, and overall quality is poor.  I will never buy another Motorola product again.

Phone was fine but shipped with an european charger. Had to change the settings from military time to the 24 hour time. Battery has long life and the phone is easy on your pocket. Damn good phone. When supplies are getting low I will by another one for later use!!

First, the cover panels were of different color, making it look obviously refurb'd.Second, it took AT&T; several resets to activate the phone.Third, the phone would not stay in network after first calls.  Repeated attempts to reboot the phone did not help.Fourth, after the master reset, per AT&T; customer support's recommendation, the phone booted in ITALIAN!!Phone still did not work and now I am stuck in Italian menu.I am sooo returning this phone and would never oder from this vendor again!!

This was a replacement for a lost phone. I love the Razr V3 it's compact, feels good in my hand has all the features I need and is easy to operate for someone who's a techno-phobe.

When I received it .It was damaged and you could see it was not new and I am appalled that when somethngs say new it should be new I am very disapointed in amazon for allowing this to happen.I dont trust amazon anymore

I recently purchased this Motorola RAZR for my mother who did not like the smartphone that I got her to replace her old RAZR. So, I purchased this item believing that it was new but it was not.  When you try to make a call or text, the phone would not work. I was very disappointed with the seller and this product.

Received the phone as promised.  This model is probably a european model.  So far this phone,  I have not issues so far yet.  I can text and make calls but cannot go on the internet or send multimedia messages.  It might have to do with the sim card that I have since it is a 3G card.  I have full bars with this phone a brick building so I cant complain because the main phone function is to make calls only which is perfect.  I'll update this review at a later day to let everyone know how this phone holds up.

Sent a used phone that had a different color back on it where the battery is located.  Also had logo's on the screen page and an older charger.  Was not a new phone.  This was the second phone we received as the first one was an AT&T phone and had no ring tones to chose from. The first exchange went well but when shipped a second rate phone the 2nd time we were mad and very frustrated.  The phone won't hold a battery charge and nothing but problems.

I have always had Nokia brand phones before buying this Motorola RAZR V3. I really do not care for this phone at all, the print is so small I can't read it without having to find glasses and the battery life is about 30 hours and I don't use it very much. So no I'm sorry to say I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

My little girl took my old RAZR to the pool and trashed it.I didn't like any of the other phones since I like the thinness of this and the lack of advanced features and cost suits me just fine.This one fit the bill, and is still chugging away sending texts and taking calls, which is all that I want it to do.

Luckily Amazon took care of the refund and I will NOT ever buy anything again WITHOUT the Amazon service ! The seller sold this product for a new one and it was not ! It had been refurbished, the screen was damaged and the battery half dead and would not do anything but offer to send a new battery when i told him his phone was not what he announced on the ad.! Nothing was compatible with a normal regular computer. Thank you Amazon but as for this seller, he should not be allowed to keep lying !

The advertisement clearly states this is the US version, however, its an eastern european version.  I also believe this product has been refurbished because the casing color does not match ( two shades of blue ), and the bezel on the front fell off after a few weeks of light use.  Never again.  Very disappointed.

Purchased this phone expecting the type of Razor we've gotten in the past from our phone company.  It's a cheaply made replica, very light weight, appears to be and feels like a plastic casing rather than metal.  The keypad is difficult to read (silver on silver - no contrast) and the screen is grainy and unclear.  It really sucks.

I have had two Razr V3's for over six years.  Both have performed great as phones.  I really do not need the camera, MP3, e-mail, programs and all of the other features of the Smart Phones.  I purchased this phone when I had to replace a RAZR that l loaned to my daughter. Despite other reviews I have found the RAZR to be a perfect cell phone and the model I received was a U.S. model. I had an iPhone since they came out years but I prefer the RAZR without the $20 extra each month for the data service.  If you want a great, reliable phone for making phone calls this is the one.  If you want all of the other features of the iPhone get an iPad and use Skype for phone calls.

This phone had static when I purchased it but I did not call because I was busy.  It lasted 28 days and the screen went black.  Phone was on but could not use it.  I called Amazon on day 31 and was told there was a 30 day time frame.  I told them it died on day 28 but I could not call until day 31.  Was told to contact Motorola for warrenty.  Purchase your phones from your carrier and avoid hassle.  Thankfully it was just over $60.  I purchased this phone because it works with my honda van handsfreelink.

The phone is great and didn't expect a battery,charger and head phone with it.My husband is really pleased with his new phone.Thank you for this great replacement phone..

Good cheap phone for general use and basic services. Fast and good service from supplier. The Razr phones hold up well under extreme conditions and long battery life.

This phone was advertised as used - very good condition.  It was new, but very poor condition.  Within the one month it stopped working.  Also the screw that holds the flip lid kept falling out of the phone.  Very disappointed in this phone.

I bought this phone from Mango Digital, The phone is fine, it works as it should, is just the construction of the device that seems rather flimsy and cranky feeling, but I can't really complain for the price.P.S. I got the v3i model though, which is just a little different...Here is a picture of it: http://goo.gl/1CFbJD

l charged the new phone with the usual procedure. when all is done and completed, the phone can't be used for more than 1 hour. later only l realized the phone was suuplied with the wrong battery. it came with a BR56 rather than the usual BR 50. so, will the supplier send me the correct battery or l have to order a new one myself before l can use it again?

The battery that came with it says it was incompatible and wouldn't work. Can't receive or send pictures on this phone but works great making/ receiving calls

I wanted to wait 30+ days after my purchase to see if the phone would hold up & I'm pleased to say that it has. My experience from the beginning has been better then I expected. When I ordered the phone I expected my order to come with the phone, a battery & a AC charger. What I didn't know is that it also came with nice stereo head phones & the software disk to transfer my photos & other features back & fourth to my computer. Overall a better then expected shopping experience!!!!

Phone didnt work..i really would like my money back but it didnt have a receipt or return label with it.

The item loses signal (drops calls) very often (way too often for me). My dad hates it for that reason, the main reason for purchasing the item was for him (my dad, who is a retired Vietnam vet, amputated, diabetic & receives dialysis) to keep in contact with me during his hospital, doctor, or any trips away from home where we won't be with him & he needs to contact us. It's a shame he can't fully enjoy the use of this phone to the fullest, since it's dropping so many calls. Now I have to look for a replacement, but I sure won't be buying from this person again & deffinately won't recommend them. Im a constant shopper with Amazon & it's the first bad review I had to give.Regrettably,Stacey McKay

Ordered wrong item because it didn't specify which carrier the cell phone was compatible with I wanted At&T . So I had to send it back.

Once I received the item/package I opened it and it was dual colored.  I love the RAZR and  i've had one for years and wanted to continue owning one, but this is not what I ordered so I contacted the company and I returned the phone.  The did try to get me the item I wanted but they could not and they refunded my money with no problem.

I received the cell phone before I expected it. The phone works just fine. I had a problem with a missing back. Contacted them about it and they promptly sent me one for the phone. Will not hesitate to order fromthem again. I have already recommended them to my friends and family.

I have been needing a new phone for a while, but I do not have a lot of money to spend on a phone (nor would I want to spend much because I do not do a lot of texting or have a data plan).  This looked like a great deal for a phone people tend to love.Love is not an issue - I do not even like it!  The previous comments about it not being the US version is correct: preset notes are in Italian.  However, this was not an issue for me: my phone even came with a US charger.The down side is that it is a lousy phone.  Long distance calls are a joke because of a lot of static on the other person's side.  There is also its unfortunate habit of losing a signal every few minutes - even in a city with perfect coverage.  Perhaps the internal antenna is broken in the phone I received, but it makes the phone nearly worthless.If not for the fact that I cannot make calls, the phone would be great.  It is a little larger than I had envisioned, but it is small and compact - easy to carry.  The color is nice and the battery holds a charge for 2-4 days if you don't (can't) talk.  I would almost even recommend this phone to a person, but buy it from a storefront and make sure you have a real warranty.

This phone arrived in perfect condition, everything that was mentioned about this phone was just that PERFECT!The size is great , compact and very easy to use I have been using Razr V3 for over 7 years now.Recommend this phone for Senior Citizens

the phone came with out the owner's manual, and head set. The battery was dead and the phone doesn't work (doesn't turn on), battery wouldn't charge.

I received this phone in a timely manner and it was as advertised. The colors on the flip door and the battery cover do not quite match the phone body but they are fairly close. The phone functions very well and I have no complaints.

Mine came with a broken battery cover (retaining tab broken off) and a sheet pleading for me to call the vendor, "PUT Group USA," for support before returning it. They agreed to send a new cover and assisted with other initial problems with this phone. The cover from my old V3 works fine although its color doesn't match.We never did get the web to work after some lengthy procedures to set settings, so beware if that matters to you.I asked whether the battery is new and he said, "Everything in there *should* be new." He told me that they acquired new overstocked equipment. But this phone obviously is not new.  It just came with new plastic wrappers on everything.I only got this because my V3 from AT&T; died just before an overseas trip and I didn't want to acclimate to a new phone. This one does not compare to the original and it is funky in many ways. I have to shout into it and it's not very loud. The keyboard feels worn out.Because of all the negative reviews on all the V3s I also picked up aBLU T200 Deejay Unlocked Quad-Band GSM Phoneand it's adequate for voice and text, and it's NEW. It's even cheaper and it came with a charger that works in the U.S. and SE Asia.Reading the reviews makes it obvious that there ARE no more NEW V3s anywhere; they're all gone! If you're not used to the Motorola V3, there is no reason to consider this item.P.S. The sole reason that my new AT&T; V3 died after only one year is absolutely because ofthis junky holsterwhich dropped my phone on the pavement whenever I got out of my car. I couldn't always remember to take it off.UPDATE: I am overseas now and it worked, but it broke the first time I dropped it! My new V3 took a year of that punishment, but this one did not because it was refurbished. I replaced it with a new Nokia G3 candy-bar style phone.

After a lot of searching and reading other customer's review about ZENA Mobile I decided to go with them to replace my dead original Razr V3 phone.Why get a Razr again: I have all the software, cables, chargers and experience with it and do not need anything else. Plus, find a phone that survived a 23 feet drop on a concrete floor with only the battery poping out? Mine did 4 years ago.So I ordered from ZENA and received promptly a "new" Razr. It might have been new but wasn't like the original Motorola I had. That one was probably made in China (the included battery said so) but the case was not airplane aluminium and the keyboard was definitely not like the original. The metal was a lot thinner.In all, worked right out of the box, not surprises whatsoever, rock solid and very satisfied. The price was right, 1/10 what I paid for the previous one, both unlocked.And I picked regular shipping, which reach San Diego withing 3 days. Why spend money on express when the 'regular' works just fine?All in all, highly recommended, I would buy from ZENA again.

not to happy with it as parts have already fallen off it(the round caps have come out)  and the inside screen some times shows all the writing upside down and you have to reboot it to get it back to the right way

Its a good phone ,but sometimes the sim card does not make contact  with the phone contacts,  remove it put back  and it  works

Texasman and I had the Razrs several years ago; I upgraded to a different Motorola but Texasman kept his until it wore out. Then he took my old one and used it until it wore out. Then he grieved.  We moved from an ATT contract to Straight Talk earlier this year, and Texasman chose a flip phone (he doesn't text, or use the internet).For his birthday I ordered this phone, and ordered the Straight Talk SIM for it. You should have seen his happy face when he unwrapped this present. Then I ordered the ST SIM card from Wal-Mart.  Alas, even the large ST SIM was too small for this phone. So it had to go back, unused. He's still grieving.

I had purchased this item as NEW, and received it as reimbursement. The phone had 2 different colors. Very disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this phone for my wife because her other RAZR of three years finally fell apart. She tried other phones and NONE of them satisfied her. So she had me to order her another RAZR and now once again she will cook for me. She Loves It and it does Work Great.

Got the phone and it does not work. Starts up and shuts right off even when I charged it I will never buy another phone from amazon

I didn't have much hope that I would really get a new phone, since the last Razr was made about 2006.  Even refurbished at this price is fine with me.  But when I opened it up it was brand new!  Took about an hour to update the settings to my original.  (Only 95% possible because V3 had newer SW than my original).  Charged right up, works great!  I've had it about 3 hours now.  If I have anything disappointing happen, I will update this, but don't anticipate that happening.  Thanks, CellPhonesCheap!

Returned and defective. Was sold to me as NEW when in fact USED. Phone never worked properly and was defective. But they did make up for it and made it good.

I bought Motorola RAZR V3 late Oct 2011. It came with a battery that wouldn't charge. For some reason I also bought an extra back up battery that worked and my new phone worked just fine. Fine until Jan 27 2012. It needed a charge and it was working fine, for about 15 minutes then went dead. I recharged the phone and the same thing happened. The battery is charged as I tested it. The 3 month old Motorola RAZR V3 with a two month warranty is DEAD! I feel SCREWED! I like the phone, and ordered another. Wish me luck with another new Motorola RAZR V3

Got the phone.  The phone seems okay but I couldn't charge the battery to find out. The charger has European plugs and won't work without adapter. No way for Amazon to send new charger so you have to buy one or wait weeks for refund or new phone.  This is the first negative review I have ever posted for Amazon product.

This phone is great.  Not too small like some of the others.  This was actually a gift for my Father-in-law He had a simular one once then we bought him a smaller phone, then we turned around and got him this one.  He is happy now.  This phone can actually get to your mouth when you are talking so it is much better.  I am thinking of getting one for myself too.

I should've listened to the other bad reviews about this phone.  So much to tell, where to begin...first, description says it is a US version when in fact it is not!!!!  This is the European version. Second, this phone is two different colored blues (just as stated in the other reviews).  The blue on the flip cover and the battery cover (top half of back of phone) are both cobalt blue.  The bottom front of the phone and the bottom of the back, however, are the silverish-blue/violet as shown in the picture.  THEY ARE NOT EVEN CLOSE TO BEING THE SAME COLOR.. Third, there is no manual.  The fourth and final straw that broke the camel's back is that it is impossible to send or receive texts 99% of the time.  I've set it up properly and the texting feature works every once in a while, however, most of the time it does not.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!

Advertized as unlocked...........wasn'tAnniversary gift for my husband. not happy

I really wanted this phone had one like it before and loved but my great granddaughter dropped it and broke I was excited about getting another one but it didnt work I asked for another one to be sent back to me but just got a refund so I was really let down about the phone but its ok I feel this was the fault of the company that the phone came from not Amazon  first time I had a complaint with a product

I have just received it, and I am very upset. Half of the front and half of the back are Blue, the bottom part of the front and the bottom part of the back are VIOLET. Probably this has been assembled using parts of 2 different phones. Very very upsetting, and awfully looking.

Ordered an (advertised NEW) RAZR3 from UNLIMITED PHONES 4 LESS- came without battery cover or charger. Glad I had my old razr3 cover and charger...finally got the phone to work, seems to be OK...

I ordered this phone for my husband because he has had about 5 of them in the past that he has either dropped in water or crushed somehow.  He really liked the other phones but this one has not been a good one at all.  It drops alot of calls, doesn't show caller ID alot of times, just many different little things.

This phone was even taken to AT&T to see if they could get it to work, but it was totally inoperable.  It was returned for a refund, which I did receive.

I recently had a 13 month old AT&T phone break on me. I went to the carrier and was told too bad out of warranty. So before having to pay over 200.00 for a new phone I looked around and found this razr v3. It came ready to move sim card and make calls. While the packaging says new I have my doubts. It didnt look brand new coming out of the box. But had stickers and such so what the heck. We couldnt be happier for 2 reasons. The price and now no contract when it expires next year. Plus my wife thinks it is one of the best phones she has ever had. Its a cingular branded phone (sign of age) (older model). but the razr is a solid phone and has a very large user base. I reccomend this phone

The Razr was one of the best phones Motorola ever made. If you are looking for a convenient, easy to use phone this is it.

The phone is in Italian!  And it won't connect to Bluetooth.  If I wasn't desperate I would return it.  POS

The phone doesn't work. Will not take my SIM card or Scan disc. Tired of ordering phones that appear to be one thing and actually turn out to be useless.

I am wonderfully happy with this phone.  It arrived in perfect shape.  I put my sim card in and it immediately worked.The only issue, albeit a small one, is that, because I didn't purchase it from my service provider (Centennial) I can't download any ring tones or anything like that. (By the way, any help on that would be appreciated).  I'm very glad that I made this purchase.  It's the first cell phone that I've been happy with.

I bought for my daughter but the first one was defective and I returned for another - product was much better and is a great phone for her needs.

This phone was recieved promptly and works with my T-Mobile acct.  However, the battery lasted only three days.  I have bought a new battery but have been traveling and think that the charge is unreliable so I have used my old, partially broken but (barely) able to remain charged, phone.  I thru traveling and will try it again and see if I can make it thru the week!

The razor is the one and only phone my husband will use. This one replaced the one he wore out. He loves it!

I bought this phone as a gift for my mom. She loves the RAZR, it is the only phone she has ever liked. This phone says that it is new. Of course I knew it was not going to be new since it has not been made in years. I took a gamble and bought it any way.The phone is all different kinds of blue none of it matched, which was not a big deal to my mom as long as it worked. Everything was working fine until all of a sudden it turned off. It did that a couple more times before we gave up and decided to return it.

I bought this phone as a replacement to a cell that I keep as a family only phone and did not want to extend my contract. This seller came through for me with a great phone and AWESOME Customer Service! I will tell all of my family and friends, if you want a great used phone and company that stands behind their product look no further! They will take care of you!

Great phone delivered as stated on page ----- only problem was BR50 battery that came with it ----definately NO good -- reordered a BZ60  battery, MUCH BETTER!!

I ordered this item over two weeks ago and have still not received it! When I ordered it on 5 Nov -- Amazon/OEM said it would be shipped within two business days and delivered within 5-7 business days after that. OEM did not even give it to the Post Office (USPS) until 2 weeks after I had ordered it. I still have not received it. Cheap price -- YAY! Lousy service -- Boo! (Oh...OEM does not answer email inquiries either)

I've been using it for about a month, so I'm not quite spiffed-up on it. It works great though, clear sounds, nice size, no drop calls, rings long enough so you have time to answer it. My only beef is that the numbers and letters are hard to read.I consider it to be 100% better than my previous Samsung.

DONT BUY IT. WASTE OF YOUR MONEY. The back cover kept coming out. I did not know what to do so I sent it back but never got the money back. What a waste of my time and money.

I also called to verify if the phone was the U.S. version after reading the review that stated it came with a European charger.  The customer service person at Amazon assured me it came with a U.S. charger.  However, when I received the phone, it came with the European charger.  The phone is also European, words are not spelled in the American way and the phone displays military time.  This is not a big deal to me, but I would have preferred a U.S. phone.  I ordered a new charger and the phone works great.  This is also the first bad experience I've ever had with Amazon.

Buyer Beware!  Intentional Scam!!  Stated New,was not new.  Seems to be poorly refurbished at best.  Not Motorola battery, parts are a mismosh of off brand.  Exterior colored parts are not matching colors.  White-out used to cover up writing on battery and scratched out numbers on interior. Water indicator gone from interior.  Seems to have dried water marks under screen. I was scammed and have involved my credit card company.  There are two EBay sellers that seem to be selling the same phones from Flushing NY address.  Buyer beware,  this was no mistake, intentional SCAM!!

This is a great product.  I have the blue phone and it is a great color.  It is not too bright and it is not too dark.  The phone works great too.  Very easy to use.  I highly recommend purchasing this product.
