
So great to have this classic phone new!  This is still the greatest cell phone design.  Easy to use, compact design. Wonderful!

Item was described as new but the battery that was sent with the product was a generic battery that does not fit properly it keeps popping the back of the phone off. I was also sent a &#34;free&#34;  wall charger with the phone but it is not even for this product. When you go to charge the phone with this charger it says on the screen charger not compatible with this phone.  When  we took the phone to the local phone store sign up for service and they went to put the sim card in the card would go in too far and it made the phone  read insert sim card when it was already in. So you have to tape the sim card at a certain point when inserting it so it reads properly. The worst part of this supposedly &#34;new&#34; phone is, the ringtone can not be heard at all!! Over all very deceiving and disappointing.

Supper cheap, after owning my last razr for 3 years, drops and bangs, this was the replacement..no way, not the same. Speaker phone..sucks... body separating, rings when it wants, docent change time zones with the clock...should I keep going? seems likes they took other parts of old phones and combined them :(

I love the RAZR. I have had one for years. I wanted an upgrade and selected the RAZR V3. The first phone delivered did not live up to RAZR standards. I contacted the company and worked with Erin, their rep.  I exchanged the phone at no cost to me. The new phone has excellent reception, I do not have to use the speaker for people to hear me (this was my main problem with the old phone). I also had a phone book problem which was corrected by the exchange.My suggestion to anyone who wants an inexpensive phone is to try this one. If it does not work out for you, call the company and give them a chance to fix the problem. If you would rather return the phone you will be offered a full refund. The choice was mine and I gave them a second chance. They made things right.

I really like the phone it was is like new condition, packaged very nice and arrived on time. The only problem I'm having is it won't hold a charge well. Trying another cord to see if that helps. Don't know if I may end up replacing the battery. Time will tell. If I do than I would have to give this phone a three star rating . I've only had the phone for about 3 weeks. I like the phone but am somewhat disappointed .

The first Motorola RAZR V3 I recieved was defective, It was immediately replaced with a new model. The new RAZR works outstanding, it could not be any better. I am very happy with the product and especially happy with the service I recieved. The service was prompt. Thank you.

I was very pleased with how quick the customer service emails were, and the new charger I needed was shipped the same day.  However, I have gone through 3 chargers and the phone still doesn't charge.  I wouldn't recommend this phone.  You have to manually change the settings to send a picture message and the camera will work on and off.  Not worth the investment.

It arrive as promise, but i wasn't aware that i need a micro sim card.so i have to wait it for another month before using the phone.

and I hope it will work well in Europe. But the back cover tends to be easy to get loose.

The phone was not unlocked as advertised. Unlocked means &#34;If a phone is UNLOCKED, it will recognize a Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) card from any carrier.&#34;Not so with this. I ended up paying another $20 for an unlock code after much time wasted on the phone with T- Mobile and motorola.Untrustworthy seller.

Amazon said they shipped this item and it was in stock.  After 15 days Amazon said that it was not in stock and printed a shipping label in error.  So  what I thought would arrive before Christmas did not because of Amazon's lack of honoring a product they said was in stock.  Lesson learned is if Amazon says product is in stock, you probably should not count on their word.

i broke my rumor and got this as a back up, way better quality, amazing design, my new favorite phone

ATT has phased out the signal these phones receive in my part of the country. So it drops most calls.

I love the slim design, the color, and it functionality, however the battery life sucks after about a year and a half.

I ordered two of these. The first one work for a few days and had to returned it because it stopped charging the battery. I tried three different batteries with same results. The second one worked for about two months, but I could not hear the caller unless I used the built-in speaker. This became annoying, especially when in a crowded place. Also the paint began to fade all over it. I just went to my carrier website and ordered a phone...threw this in the trash after smashing it with a hammer. This was a waste of my hard-earned money.

i don,t know what kind of phone it is  and i dont like that it has no sim card in it

I had dropped and broken my previous beloved Motorola RAZR and didn't realize until recently that you could by the RAZR on-line.  I had originally purchased mine through T-Mobile (and they had discontinued carrying that model).  I bought the RAZR V3 and am very happy -- both with the vendor & the product.  I would have a more recent version if I had understood the numbering system Motorola uses and had been more patient.  But overall I'm very happy.

I am so excited I finally have a wonderful site to order cell phones. I am very pleased with my order. I now ordeered another phone Thank you Amazon

There was significant damage to the screen, the back didn't fit on the phone properly, and it wasn't as unlocked as the description online said.

was not as good as the org., no cover on the charging inlet, is not made out of good quality materials

Used this phone a couple times and went to charge it and it won't charge. I tried using the charger that came with it and different chargers, nothing with charge it.

I realize the phone is used but it arrived dirty and grimy. The back case fell apart when opened and to top it off it doesn't charge at all.A totally waste of money and very disappointing.

Very Good service . Product was as advertised:)Had no problems with shipment or anything. Got it just in time to leave the country as i had hoped

I was scammed by the seller, the product those not work the antena is broken and is not fuctional, I thought I was doing something by buying this product from this seller I am sorry that i CAN NOT RETURN IT BECAUSE  I SENT IT TO MY MOTHER IN PANAMA////Be carefully what are you buying from this peopleall my money went to waste

Again all I would get is &#34;Network Busy&#34; and took phone to service center and they said Towers will no longer except signal from these phones

The Motorola RAZR V3 I purchased looks great and operates and functions well.  I am very glad the RAZR V3 was still available for purchase.  Thanks!!!

The phone is in brand new condition and it was shipped on time. However, the whole reason I bought this for my mom was because she wanted Chinese language. I thought this phone is "international version" so I was assuming there's Chinese as standard, but there's no Chinese lounge in this phone! How can it be "international version" then? In fact, it doesn't have any of Asian language such as Korean, Japanese, etc. It only have English, Spanish, and European language.

I like it and would probably love it if I knew how to use all the features.  The only problem is that the back comes off the phone too easily.

My Mother has always used the Motorola Razor and loves it. The old one's life expired and we found this one at a great price. It works great and she already knows how to use it. Thanks!

A few years ago I got one of these. It became my travel phone. It finally went kablooey so I needed a replacement. It works well with a SIM card when I'm overseas and, when my Dad comes to visit me, I swap out the SIM so he can use it as his travel phone. I like the slim design of this phone and the snappy red color makes it easy to locate in the depths of my purse.

I really enjoy my cellphone. Everyone want to know where I got it. My friend wants one and I told her to get it thru Amazon.com

This phone behaves as though it is "refurbished" rather than "new." It does not hold the Bluetooth signal appropriately (not the Bluetooth--it was fine on my old phone), and the battery acts as though it is worn, as it doesn't seem to hold a charge for very long (I have to charge it every other day, and I turn my phone off at night). In addition, a part has fallen off of the hinge area, so it opens crookedly. Their shipping was quick, but the quality of the product leaves much to be desired. I would not order from this company again.

The Motorola RAZR V3 is getting on in model life, but if you need basic communitoins on the go it can be hard to beat.Writing this from a non-technical user point of view, these phones give good service, good battery life [5 days or more without recharging on my limited use] and nice easy functionality.The menus are simple and intuitive, very easily laid out, and very logical. The memory is good and it holds lots of pictures, the camera even has a digital zoom of sorts. The camera cetrainly isn't SLR quality, but it's easily described as very adequate for what's now basically a throw away appliance.Personally I like it for its charging ease as well, either in the car, boat, house or just from the USB on my computer. Speaking of boat this doesn't pick up interference, or cause it like my last mobile phone did.I like the size as well, fits great in a purse and there's lots of accessories for it as well, if you need to keep it in a pocket it's slim enough not to cause discomfort.Lastly the hinges for the flip are a decent size, they're not likely to break like some phones I've had, and not being "techie" it's simplicity is a big bonus - thinking of a phone for gran, it might be ideal!I'm quite pleased with purchase, you might be too.

2nd only to the iPhone. Better than the iPhone as a phone. No drop calls or trying to use 3G or wifi. Just a great phone.

cheap stuff has a price! its battery dies in two days. now i have to get another $10+ battery to make it work again.

The phone I bought its not new, it's refurbished.  It has a lot of problems with the battery; it seems not to charge properly, the charge don't last a single day, you have to charge it every night. I don't recommend this product.

THIS IS A REVISION FROM A 5 STAR RATING TO A 2 STAR RATING.  11/24/12  My wife had a Razr V3 from TMobile. It lasted for over two years. She was used to it and was disappointed that they were no longer available from TMobile. She has had a couple of different phones since then but she missed the flip of the Razr. The last one just died and I found this on line for her. After installing the sim card and doing the initial setup it is working great. Time will tell on how its going to hold up. The phone certainly looks new and everything was in the box. It took a charge ok, however the battery does't hold up very long, the screen is dark and hardly readable (it is adjusted to full brightness), in using the camera for video it shuts off after one second. Altogether, we wish we hadn't bought this phone.UPDATE: It never did work very well. I should have given it a one rating. Screen was dark and sometimes wouldn't even light up. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I bought my wife on Amazon an unlocked LG L9 and for the money you can't beat it.

I loved this flip phone when I got it years ago as a non smart phone, so ordered another recently to have as an extra on a to go plan for my husband who just wants something for occasional usage. However the back latch broke in a few months. So I ordered another one. It did the same thing.

This "open" phone would have been perfect for me on both my USA trip and back home in Guatemala...Alas, it arrived at my US address with a "refurbished battery" that lasted only hours before FAILINGStill hoping to use it, I tracked all over Manhattan to find a place that sold REAL batteries--at $35.00 each-------Picked up two of the (non-returnable) beauties at a Verizon in the Village.Then, after fully charging, the REAL batteries, the phone dial began to flicker and feintminutes later the RAZR died in my hand...I ended up buying another phone and eating the $70 bucks in batteries.I Fault Amazon for not TESTING or REVIEWING products before vending them..This phone is part of the disappointing array of FAILING electronics deliveries that, in retrospect, seem standard for Amazon...In the last six months, I have received two malfunctioning ScanDisks and an Ipod with the built in flaw of constantly switching tracks - The Ipod "bad news" is all over the net...This BAD merchandise delivery is very difficult for me as I volunteer in a place with no reliable return mail-- goods come to me and return via other volunteers visiting from the states...Motorola RAZR V3 Unlocked Phone with Camera, and Video Player--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

Cute phone, but...does not have the range the original Razr had, very poor reception, drops calls constantly, battery does not hold a charge very long.  Will not buy another!

This phone is super, it works perfectly in Africa and my sister really love it. I bought this phone with a samsung phone the same time both for my sister unfortunetly the samsung dosen't work thanks to motorola RAZR V3 if not my sister should have live without communication for months. I will recomend this product to any body looking to buy a phone to use in Africa. This Product is A++++++.

Choses this rating as it seems to be ok but not as satisfied with it as a previous phone of seemingly same model. The older one seemed to work better with a few more options. I chose this phone becasue of the color so it would not match my husband's of the same brand. The only reason I bought a new one is that the screen on the previous phone broke.

when i firsst got this phone it worked well had to send it back after a couple of weeks replacement went very well but then the battery wouldnt hold charge very long replaced that then the back of the phone wouldnt stay on gave up dissappointed cause i liked the looks of the phone but not the problems

Phone did not work.  Tried charging it longer and reseating battery, but it does not work.  In process of returning it.  It is a pain in the butt to have to go through returns.  I like it much better when I can give excellent ratings and move on.  It was recommended to me to order a used phone in this way because my teen son needed a phone temporarily.  I should not have followed that advice.  i will never buy a used one again.

i feel like i should be able to get the battery replaced due to it not working. i paid for a working phone and that is what i had expected. i am very disappointed i will never buy from this company again,

Although the reviews on this phone were somewhat spotty I decided to take a chance and order it from BytesOfDeals since all I wanted was a basic phone with quad-band GSM capability.  What a mistake!  Although the phone appeared to be new it must have been a manufacturing reject since it only worked for a few months.  One day after charging it I turned it on but the screen was dead (i.e., black) and nothing could fix it.  Bah humbug!

THIS PHONE WAS OKAY WHEN I GOT IT ,THE ONLY REASON I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE MY HUSBAN HAD A PHONE LIKE ,BUT FOR SOME REASON MINES DIDN&#34;T WORK AS PERFECT AS HIS ,I WAS HIS IN THE WASHING MACHINES AND IT STILL WORK BUT ONE DAY I DROP MINES AND DIDN&#34;T WORK AGAIN SO BEST TO SAY DON&#34;T BY A USED PHONE BECAUSE YOU DON&#34;T KNOW WHAT IT WENT THROUGH,AND THE OWNERS WORDS

I have used Motorola phones for years and have been quite happy with them. However, this particular phone came from Britian and will not hold a charge. I have tried several new batteries without sucess and so this phone is gathering dust in a box some where around the house. I suggest always buying from a local dealer so you have recourse otherwise just give the same amount of money to charity and move on.

Bought the phone because of a good quality RAZR that I used to own.  So far I like the phone and it met my expectations regarding look and feel -- but am disappointed with internal problems.  This phone drops calls regularly unlike the cheaper phone that this one replaced.  Tried to resolve this through my cell phone company but reactivation produced no better results.  I also find that the interface will &#34;lock up&#34; occasionally so that I have to wait before I can regain control.  There is also a faint buzzing sound in the background when I make calls.  So now I am going through the process of returning it.  I should have taken note that the reviews are mixed for a reason.  I got a lemon.

i love this phone because it is easy to read ring is loud enough to hear plus it is beautiful plus the instruction are easy to read and understand u just love it Barbara Martin

This is a great phone. Easy to setup, easy to use and it's Red Hot color makes it easy to find 1 The price was really a good deal as well.It shipped and arrived in 3 days so that was a pleasant surprise.

how can I down load music from computer to phone with usb cord. do I need any thing else .

The phone was fine but I ordered refurbished by accident and I wanted a new one.I returned the phone so I can then order a new one.

I had to first find a battery that would fit it then I had to buy two different sim cards to make it work and then would had to have changed carriers I did not under stand the term of unlocked phone I still don't think I do so I bought a nother phone from the us  put this on in the trash where it belongs!!!!!
