
From my knowledge that phone don't have microSD slot. I don't think U.S. got the special edition.

Every thing you need in a single device, GPS, WiFi, e-mail, web, Office, PDF, MP3, Video, Games. Feels nice in the hand, very good voice call quality.

I've had this phone for a month or so, and I discover some new trick or feature or something this thing can do everyday.The only thing that I am having trouble with is the music loading or unloading via Microsoft Sync, this system gets confused as to what is and is not on the phone.

The best phone I've ever owned.....Everything the N95 does it does Perfectly.The only thing I don't like is the fact that there are some nice updates for this phones firmware, But because its the US version we don't get them.

This phone was introduced in US in March 2008. I am using it with AT&T.;Pros:Excellent sound quality - with as well as without speakersExcellent Video recorderAbove average picture qualityLots of connectivity optionLots of free Apps available  @ MOSHCons:Lacks the latest firmware updateNo micro SD slotBattery life is average - about 2 days after moderate to heavy usage (other than calling)

ok look...i LOVE NOKIA. all the reviews have said great things. however on day two of ownership my LCD screen will not come on. the phone is on but it will not come on. this to me is a bad omen and i have to return it and not for replacement. im sorry. take this review for what its worth. for me i just am leary now of the model. on the plus side. yes... its really packed full of features....however i do admit that keypad is a bit on the small side. for me.... its definately loud and the graphics are pretty...i will admit that it isnt always the smoothest as it transiitons from menu to menu. i did get to download ngage games and that was kewl. and the gps was neat but keep in mind you do need a data plan of sorts in order to use it...i thought you didnt either way i didnt have anytime to figure it out before it died this morning. for this amount of money and with no tech support from my tmobile since its unlocked i simply can not take the risk nor do i want to mess with nokia usa warranty. i really wanted to love this phone...really! i think i will look at the e71 im sorry for having to post this review...i hope it was just a one fluck with my unit.in closing...it is a good phone...but i think its a bit quirky and for me...i didnt consider it an excellent phone...in fact...my nokia 6131 worked better...sorry for the bad review...

Thought I purchased a great cellphone. It did everything I wanted but when it came connecting to my BMW X-5 it was very frustrating. Called BMW who said it was not on their approved list. Then called Nokia who was aware of the problem but offered no fix at this time. Oh well. The $600 phone is going back. Boo Hoo

I've been using the phone for over two months. Thanks to its 400MHZ processor, the phone's capable of many tasks. I install Garmin GPS on it with the latest North American 2009 map. I can now find satellite within 10 seconds with the pad slided up. The Nokia-Garmin bundle works perfectly driving around and this's almost like a dream only 5 years ago. Be aware that there's no way the CMOS camera can take equivalent pictures as CCD camera, even with the Carl Zeiss lens. The video shooting is amazingly fine though. Some people complain about no camera cover compared to older versions, but I've found absolutely fine with the glass protection. I haven't got a single scratch on it and I assume it's hard material. The symbian operate system provide extremely flexible expandability that you can almost treat it as a palm computer.Pros: great GPS hardware, very loud speaker with decent music sound, acceptable camera, good battery life (w/o GPS turning on), nice audio and video playbackCons: the front pad looks a little cheapIn all, this is a great great little gadget for cellphile. It's the assemble of functionality you can ever imagine.

I've owned several cell phones, all nokia and this is the best one to date,so much so that if I have to change phones for some reason I want the same model.

Very cool phone. Does everything it says and more. The only problem i had so far was the video would glitch when recording in high quality and mass memory. Researched it online and figured out that if you format the mass memory drive it will fix it. Others online claim that the problem came back again but mine has not.Other than that this phone is very very cool. I figured out how to convert DVD's to MP4 format and watch movies or whatever. phone quality is very good. During calls the loudspeaker is super loud A++, but the regular speaker for your ear is a little low. But maybe I have bad ears.

The phone is in really good condition. It does not have any problems like the ones others shared ex wobbly... Well, I heard that some problems will start in few months after, but now I am really satisfied with the phone. The camera from the phone is so convenient that I don't need to take my camera with me.The only problem I have is ...T-mobile. T-mobile's signal is not really good in some area so it will consume the battery fast. How bad is it? It only got one bar out of 6 bars or none. Sometimes I went to the area where there's no signal, I will just turn my phone to offline which will save my battery.After all, the main problem is T-mobile. I can use the battery for 3 days at least. Frankly, I am not a heavy user. I don't play games, music. Choose wisely if you want to have a music phone or game phone.

This is a great phone but there are certain qualities to it that may make it a hassle.First of the good things:attractivegreat screen qualitygreat pictures (w/ out zoom)lots of featuresmusic player w/ regular headphone jack, opposed to one strictly for cell phonesawesome speaker quality, especially for playing music(may have forgotten to mention some things)The bad:quality is crappy when you zoom w/ the camerabulkyslider is sensitive so you may answer calls when you don't mean tofreezes sometimesthats it! or at least all I can think ofBut overall this phone is great! no major problems yet. if you don't mind a little bulkyness then get it...

I like the cover because it has protected my cell phone; I have dropped it couple of times ( since I am a little careless while handling ). It very sturdy and it fits well.I rated it 4/5 since it does not have a transparent cover to protect its screen from scratches.Hope this helpsN-K

I am a girl geek.  I have had my phone for about 1 week now.  I have had a wonderful time in downloading and upgrading my information into this phone.  I truly wanted the phone for the capabilities of making calls, having my music downloaded and the GPS function.  The camera feature is just an additional bonus which I will use, but not necessarily as much as the aforementioned features.I am still working on getting all of the function capabilities phased in slowly as needed.  I have ordered and received a case specifically made for this phone (protect your investment) and a LCD screen guard.I love this phone and I love having made a selection based on some of the reviews previously provided on this site.Thanks

very good prodcut with a spectacular 5.0 megapixels and the GPS and WiFi is GREAT! is the best cellphone.

I loved all the features of my N95, although the screen was really too small for internet browsing.  Then, after only a few months of normal use, my Nokia N95 began having video problems.  The video would go dark, or display upside down and backwards, or show half the screen and half snow, with the visible half reversed. It would fail for a few hours, then magically resume normal operation. Sometimes powering it down repeatedly would bring it back to life, but without a screen, it's very difficult to operate.  Warranty repairs, with shipping, equaled the cost of a new iPhone.  Never again will I spend so much money for a phone with moving parts.

Since you're reading these reviews, you probably already know what these N95 phones can do. What I'm going to start off with is mention a couple of things that you would expect that this phone can do, but can't. However, even with the "can'ts", this baby still gets 5 stars!First, you've probably seen the YouTube vids of this phone in action. If so, did you notice that it has an accelerometer -- kinda like the iPhone, where the image automatically rotates to adjust to the way your holding the phone, horizontally or vertically? Well, some versions of the N95 have this. This particular one does not. Still, it has an accelerometer. It can MANUALLY be set for horizontal or vertical viewing -- but it does not automatically. If you have a bit of patience and a little bit of hacking/programming skills, this feature can be added, but bottom line, it's not already there.For the top 0'the line, "king of the hill" phone that this is, I wish it had a feature I've only seen on Samsung's Instinct. Let's say you're driving along and wondering where a nearby Walmart is. You pick up the Instinct, squeeze a button and say "Walmart". In about 6 seconds, a list appears of all nearby Walmarts, with phone numbers. Pick one and call, or press the "car" icon, and voice navigation kicks in. Seamless. Beautiful.The N95 has a great GPS, but you just have to enter the place or address you're looking for... no big deal. I've also had it say "make a u-turn" or "turn right" just out of the blue, while driving -- probably 3 times over the many times I've used it... but that happened with my TomTom on occasion as well. Voice navigation is free for 6 months, then it's $10/mo thereafter if you wish to keep it.It also has voice commands, so I can simply say "Joe" or whatever, and it will dial "Joe" for me.There's a small learning curve for the texting and url entry, etc, using a T-9 keypad as opposed to a qwerty keyboard, but it's actually not that bad if this may be what's keeping you on the fence. Again with the "youtube", watch soem of the T9 speedtexting videos -- it's incredible how fast some of these people can type on a T9!The web browser is fast, but I installed Skyfire and Opera mini. Just having the freedom to install other programs is a big PLUS in itself. You can purchase a program called "Coreplayer" that will play just about any video you can throw at it. Even without it, Skyfire will deliver up just about anything as well, and it's free.If you google "N95 Applications Software", you'll see tons of stuff to choose from, and there's lot's of N95 forums if you really want to get deep into what all this phone can do.Check "N95 Video Clips" or footage on youtube to see the quality (be sure to click "watch in high quality") videos that you can record, edit, and send straight to youtube from the phone. Yes, straight from the phone. These would be considered excellent for any video camera, but simply amazing for a cell phone. It takes great photos as well. I installed a program for $12 (I think), that allows you to take several photos of a landscape or whatever, and the program will stitch these into a panorama beautifully.Oh, and the built in stereo speakers are a marvel themselves and I can also hook this directly to the TV to either play games or watch videos from the recorder with almost hi-def quality.By the way, this thing even has a feature that allows you to make and recieve phone calls. Imagine that!Yep, 5 stars...

so far, this phone has a good features,but after you have downloaded some applications, and your phone memory getting lower,it's kind like,,the n95 engine getting low,loading take a little whileeven just to open a text messageso, i wish, the upcoming n 96 n n85would be a better gadget

this is the best cell phone i've ever had. the sky is the limit with this phone. i find out how to do something diffrent with it every day

Excellent product. Lightweight yet quite complete. Excellent picture and video quality. Excellent sound quality in both ways (speaker and headphones). Also, it has a very good antenna reception (which is a serious issue for me because there is no good signal coverture in the city where I live). U.S. version represents no real difference compared to Int'l version at least for me (besides the fact that I saved like 50 bucks).Only setback: keyboard is small and uncomfortable, but I can live with it.

I am a Nokia user ever since I started using mobile phones and I also have Nokia N800. After in hyper excitement mode ordering Nokia N95, I am quite disappointed.1) The browsing in N95 is not quite friendly at all.2) It doesn't 'just works' So many user tweaks needed on the phone to use its functionalities.3) After using a iPod Touch and seeing a iPhone, iPhone trumps N95 on ease of use, looks, screen. While N95 is the king in specifications and features,  for me I think I would go with iphone as ease of use is one of my main reason.4) For Techies can put so much into technical settings and installing and finding various applications and N95 is the best choice! (I learnt a bad lesson by buying Nokia N800 which is not 'General User Friendly' at all compared to IPod Touch.I am not a apple fanboy but after using both Apple Products and Nokia Products, I feel that If I go with Apple I will always have stuff that 'just works' and so intuitive and friendly to use!I am returning the same and will be going for a iphone!Update : 3 days after N95 8GB1) I am feeling that my right side slider has become bit loose. The left side remains perfect while the right one becomes wobbly.2) An annoying bug in which memory card has to be reformatted as my video recording pauses every 10-15 seconds and continues again. Not able to get continuous recording.For a 640$ device (which say in mobiles is a very significant investment) these bugs are really annoying and completely unsatisfactory.Update : One week after N95Hmm tough one.. There are some items which takes time to get used to it.. kind of 'acquired taste'. I would put N95 into that category. Though it may not 'wow' me like iPhone whenever I touch the phone, the versatility is amazing. The kind of apps available and freedom to used bluetooth keyboard, easy tethering with N800,nice applications to use makes this device a swiss army knife. I have decided to keep it with me albeit tolerating some minor annoyances ("acquired taste" / "undocumented 'features' " ).**** Update 2 weeks later!I am liking the phone! Like the feel when pressing the keys! Got used to the phone... Things going pretty smooth. Installed lots of applications without much trouble. Camera quality is pretty good for a mobile phone camera. Volume from music player is great. Though Video player (real player) doesnt support too many formats. Need thirdparty applications.**** 2 Months Later *****The Gallery is slow!! Believe me it takes atleast 45 seconds to 2 minutes to load the gallery after you have taken a picture to see a thumbnail of the picture if you have even a modest number say 75 pictures totally!! Completely unacceptable in a 600$ gadget! When I have to show my pictures to someone its like taking whole age just to get a thumbnail while everyone just open their stuff to show the pic!Sometimes the phone becomes sluggish and needs restart couple of times a week...There are a lot of nice applications and one can choose as per their needs... The s60 browser sucks a bit and I would recommend opera mini over s60 browser any day!Overall I am still having some positive view over the phone but the gallery load time alone will make me to think twice before buying the phone again...as I got this as mainly for my mobile camera usage and i cant even see the pictures in my mobile easily without waiting for 2 mintues or so....There are no other phones with similar tech specifications in terms of hardware... but if i have to go over the process again... i may go with iphone 3g for the ease of use and the usablity unless nokia fixes these issues my next purchase wouldnt be a nokia device!5 Months Later...The phone is utterly annoying... and unbelievably slow.... just load 50 odd photos and it takes for ever to open the gallery... frequent reboots.... slow hang-ups... I have wasted my money.... I am giving this phone to my dad.. I just want to get rid of this phone....

I was very excited about making my next Nokia N-Series purchase, and I purchased the N95. When it arrived, I started to enjoy the N95's great features (5MPX Carl Zeiss Optics), Music player..etc. The same day, I noticed it had about 5, and yes [5] dead pixels on the bottom screen. It wasn't really that noticeable, but once you activated the camera in a dark setting..it was visible.So I called up Amazon, and asked them about this issue, so they sent me a replacement device. When this replacement came in, I was very excited too, I kept on saying "Amazon is really great since they sent me a replacement at no charge", but then out of no where..this also had about [4] dead pixels. So after all of this, and paying a lot for this device, I got really upset, and asked Amazon to refund my money completely (which they did).I was not at all expecting any of these problems AT ALL from a Nokia Flagship phone..but I was very disappointed. So save your time and money, and don't purchase this N95-4..it's not worth it to pay this plus of a money and receive these annoying problems.

Pros: Size, color, US 3G, excellent reception, crystal clear calls, Nokia maps, Google maps (downloadable), bright large screen, large easy to use keypad, 5mp camera is excellent.Cons: Call volume could be a bit higher, so could MP3 playback volume. No card slot.I don't see where all the bad reviews for this phone come from. I've had mine for a month and haven't had a single problem. It's not slow, it never froze, never reboot, etc. I guess maybe update to the current firmware and you won't have those problems. Battery life is ok; maybe 2 days of making calls, using bluetooth, messaging, and a few pictures. The camera takes excellent pictures and video. If you are thinking about buying this phone and have second thoughts based on bad reviews, just go buy it and use your PC to update it to the current firmware. You won't be disappointed.

Still the best on the market after 1 year release in Europe.There is NO BETTER phone on the market for media creation.There are FEW BETTER (Arguably) phones on the market for media consumption.Take a picture, upload it to flickr.  Geo tag it then share you vacation with family realtime.Make a video, add a soundtrack, edit the movie, add text, upload it to youtube.Put all your music on this and use your 3.5mm headphones.Most importantly, stop carrying a camera, pmp and phone around!Downside is there is no qwerty or touchscreen.  So text input is limited.  Couldn't care less about the touch screen.

Pros:  Great 5 mega pixel digital camera. Video quality will pleasantly surprise you, its DVD quality and 8 Gig will let you make never ending videos.  Phone comes YouTube ready, you can Skype or Google talk to save minutes where ever you have wifi after.  Phone can handle high speed applications at about 450 kbps download speed, absolutely no problem with streaming videos. Mp3 player quality is as good as apple. Multimedia keys, on the top slider are very convenient to operate mp3 and video. In short true phone which will make you rest your Ipod, digital camera, video camera and old phone.  Never seen a phones speaker so loud.  Best phone available in market for gaming.  Phone is actually not as big as it looks in the images.Cons: GPS is ridiculous, I live in San Francisco, phone does not catch signals at most of the places, and it just says searching signals. I hate the Nokia Hands free, because it comes with a remote control connected to hands free wire, which makes it inconvenient to carry. Iphone hand free is much better. The slot to insert hands free is poorly designed, it should have been on the top or bottom of the phone, hands free jack is on the left side of the phone, which make it inconvenient when you place the phone in your pocket. Nokia maps did not impress me. I downloaded Google maps, its free and much better. It takes forever to copy music to N95 as it first converts the Mp3 to some other format.Overall: I am extremely satisfied with my purchase, except with the GPS of the phone. If you think N95 will rest your gps as it will your IPods, digital and video camera, then you are wrong.  Phone`s processor is fast and multimedia features are colossal.

I dont want to add much to already reviewed feautures.I bought this phone in Nov 2007 and till now did not have single problem.Meanwhile I tried iphone 3G, Motorazr2 V9 and Sony ericsson W580i... but now back to this powerful Nokia.I use this for browsing,checking mails and everyday in Gym as a music device. Battery is really good, and reception exceptional.

I bought this product on July 2nd 2008 and had it shipped overnight July 3rd 2008.  Even though the amazon description doesn't say it clearly I'm happy to say that it is in fact the n95-4 with US 3G support.I had the n95-1 before this.  The n95-4 is significantly faster.

Great phone, runs like a champ. You can even play Quake2 pc on this phone.

The N95 has to be the best all around device. Everything works well. It's hard to imagine a device that small has all the modern day gadgets built in: Phone, GPS, Wi-Fi, bluetooth, 3G, Camcorder, and a fine camera. The N95 is quality built (unlike many high end Korean phones) with a very clear high res. screen. Battery life is excellent. I only wish the 8G device has an expandable storage like the non-8G models. I ordered from Amazon with one-day delivery and it arrived on time. Highly recommended to those who want an all around device that works. Set up is bit complicated but it's a complicated device. Be patient! Nokia website has good support. The software however is bit buggy for Vista-64 but works fine with XP. I spent a day setting up the N95. Once working, it's a small wonder. I also have an iPhone and the Nokia has far more features and is a better phone, esp. it's unlocked so that I can use it overseas - this restriction on the iPhone is the worst thing to an otherwise a great device of its kind. The N95 is well worth the $660 price!

Overall, the phone is excellent!The best part for me is the big screen where you can easily read or see messages and photos and watch videos, search the internet and use the navigation system with great clarity. It gives you the option to select the Image Quality from a Small "MMS" size up to images of larger size that could be used for prints up to 11x14 inches. Same thing with the Video Quality, from MMS size to TV quality, with which you can also play the videos and images you have taken from your phone directly to the television.It's also amazing that you can play mp3's with a "surround" option. The phone has its own sound system, it seems like.What I dislike about it is that it uses the Nokia PC Suite to transfer files between the phone and PC. Nokia needs to develop a better software. PC Suite, to me, is very close to rocket science where everything is convoluted, especially when you're not familiar with the software.Nonetheless, Nokia N95 8 GB is an absolute must-have.

Absolutely amazing phone.  Everything works great.  GPS, WI-fi, spearkphone, call quality.  N-gage is amazing.  way better than iphone

The Nokia product is as decribed, only even better with added applications which you can purchase to suit your needs on the go. Also nice to know such Hi-tech can be rugged and tough!

In the ad, the seller talk about a US Version of the N95-8GB. That's what I ordered in the first place. The seller says in the ad that the 3G for the Data is HSDPA 850/1900 which is a good clue for a US version. But I when received the smartphone I found out that it was an international version of the N95-8GB (the 3G is CDMA 2100)The best way to figure out if it's a US version (N95-8GB NAM or N95-4) is to get the RM version of the cell. For the US Version you should get: RM421. IT WAS NOT the RM version of the N95--8GB I received....

I did lots and lots of research on a number of phones, including this one, on the best one to buy. I had a list of things I wanted in a phone and I have to say, this phone not only had everything I've ever needed, but I was surprised on things I didn't know about! For instance, I didn't even know it had an accelerometer when I bought it! But for now I'll just list the major features and review them:CAMERA(s): The main 5MP camera takes great pictures. Obviously it's not the same quality as a stand alone, say Sony Cybershot of equal quality. But the different scene shots and bright flash make up for that. (portrait, night shots, fast-moving, etc) Video is as good if not better than a Sony Cybershot point and shoot camera. (You can even edit pictures right on your phone!)CALL QUALITY/SPEAKERPHONE: Call quality has been very good. Speakerphone is VERY loud thanks to the pair of high quality speakers.GPS: The assisted GPS antenna on the device is pretty good. When using Nokia Maps to navigate, it takes very little time to connect (5-10 secs mostly) You have to keep the slider open however to get good signal. If you don't like nokia maps, you can always buy/download other software like Google maps, TomTom, etc. Very handy.BLUETOOTH: Basically like any other bluetooth. It can connect to headsets, other devices, computers, and it also is compatible with A2DPEMAIL: It its own email client that you can set whatever address to or you could use the free Gmail app if you have gmail. (thats what I do)MUSIC PLAYER: 8GB memory. To today's standards, thats not a very big size for a primary music player. However, when you transfer music to the device from Nokia's PC Suite, it asks you if you want to convert the songs to a smaller format (~5 times smaller) which is very helpful in storing more songs. Other than that, its a great player with many features. (Playlists, shuffle, album art, EQ, etc) Great speakers too.WiFi/3G: WiFi connects very quickly and smoothly. 3G signal is great too. Every now and then it will cut out but will automatically continue. Even reaches 3.5G speeds (HSDPA) on AT&T;'s network.CALENDAR: Nicely laid out with many viewing options. Can add new memo's, tasks, meetings, and anniversaries. Can also sync with computer. (Assuming outlook, but don't use)ACCELEROMETER: VERY cool to have. Enables the phone to auto-rotate when phone is flipped sideways. Also automatically straightens pictures that were taken sideways. And MANY more applications that you can download that use the accelerometer like games or cool apps like Step Counter.COMPUTER SOFTWARE: Didn't realize this was a big thing until I tried to sync a Blackberry to a computer one time. Not very user friendly. But Nokia's PC Suit is the most simple, yet powerful sync program I've ever seen. Can easily use phone to connect your computer to the internet with the touch of a button. Or you can read, sort, and reply to your text messages on your computer. Very, very nicely designed.BATTERY LIFE: As the N95 was my first smartphone I've ever had, I didn't realize this was as big of an issue. But sadly on the N95, the battery life is terribly underrated for the many features this phone has. I charge it every night and even when doing minimal things on the phone, it will usually die around 6pm. Nokia knows this, which is why they offer different types of portable battery packs and ways to charge your phone. Gets very irritating at times but just make sure you carry an extra battery or 7 around with you. :)So overall, this phone has been everything you really need in a phone. I get comments all the time on the lack of a touchscreen and full keypad. Truth is, you really don't need either. The predictive text function does the job good enough and touch screens don't do much for me. This phone is focused around applications. There are hundreds and hundreds of applications (usually free) you can download that do anything from make your phone into a portable lightsaber to turning your phone into it's own WiFi Hotspot. The options are limitless with apps.

Great phone overall. Built more solid then N85. The only reason I changed it for N85 is  camera seems to be a little worse than N85 camera and also N95 is kind of on a bulky side...

Overall a great phone. GPS is crazy slow to get a signal - works great once established. Keypad is a bit strange. Not sure why it is so recessed. The phone is definitely thick. But makes up for that by how lite it is. Good luck finding a good case for it. Not a lot of good options. I found a good universal case from AT&T for it. No SD card slot. Of course I was aware of that when I purchased it. But it sure would be nice if it had one. The loudspeaker is amazing. There are two loudspeakers in fact. Sound quality is very good. The phone has only locked up on me once. Very stable and responds quickly otherwise. Camera works great. Would be nice if it had a xenon flash vs. the LED flash. But hey, nice that it has one at all. I might suggest to people to look at the N96 instead of this phone. If the N96 is too $$ then this is a fantastic alternative. Good luck!

The Nokia n95 8gb is a fantastic smartphone, its got it all. I am sadden to say Vista changed their software so you can't download the software via nokia pc suite, which irons out the problems with the phone. Problems i encountered software crashed and phone turned itself off all the time which is a pain, especially a fews seconds from downloading software i was happy untill the phone switched itself off and i lost $10.00 for my trouble.I registered my phone and told them my problem. I was told they can FLASH the software on to the phone. You have to ship the phone to them. Why? hence i sent back both phones. I still love this phone thats why im getting the Nokia n96 16gb which has the upgade on it.

I bought this phone over 9 months ago for one particular reason. I installed Slingbox Mobil on it and linked it to my Slingbox so I get live TV on the phone and whatever I get on my TV at home I get on this phone.  As long as I have strong upload speeds on my home DSL service the picture is exceptional. I like all the other features of the phone, the camera is fabulous, it is very good as a phone, works well on the WEB and I do not find it too thick although it would be nice if it were thinner. BUT whenever someone sees my TV they are blown away by the concept and the quality of the picture and the sound. The coolest moment was the Monday playoff of this year's US Open (Tiger against Rocco and a broken leg).  I had to play in a pro-am golf tournament that day and while everyone was trying to find out how the playoff was going - I got to WATCH it LIVE. Amazing.

Ya voy comprando como 15 de estos celulares y puedo decir que son de excelente calidad, sus funciones son muy buenos, la camara de las mejores en el mercado. No hay duda que este es un celular que vale la pena, lo recomiendo. Saludos a toda la gente de Peru y Sudamerica!!

My wife bought this phone for me last year. Recently my phone started rebooting by itself very frequently. When I called the customer service they said my phone was out of the warranty period!!! I has been less then a year since I bought this phone and they kept insisting that it was out of warranty. When I said that I had the original receipt of purchase and got a little mad the customer service rep agreed to send me a pre-paid sticker so I can send the phone back. It has been almost a week and I haven't received the sticker yet. I am waiting to see how they resolve this issue. As of right now buying or recommending Nokia products in the future is out of question for me.

This phone is very cumbersome and hard to use. It has great voice clarity and the speaker is good but that is about it.The GPS & Nokia maps do not work. I downloaded google maps but even that freezes. I get nothing on Nokia maps but a large picture of the earthMany apps that you can use on the Blackberry & Iphone are not available on this nokia phone.Yahoo mail DOES NOT work at all. cannot set up any email application and then when I access Yahoo Mail from the web, I get an error when opening any email message.Texting, writing email to someone is very frustrating with lack of qwerty keyboard. Forget about typing an email (if you can even access the email) more than one or two sentences unless you have at least 30minutres to fiddle with getting right letters and the procedures to get to your email.youtube videos are also horrible quality and freeze.Better to either wait for N97 or get a Blackberry Bold or Iphone. This phone is certainly not worth the $500 maybe $300 but nowhere near $500.This phone may have a nice form factor and look 'nice' but the applications & software are beyond horrible

This is a powerful phone. It's also a good tool for entertainment. Everything is perfect except the battery. I have to charge my battery everyday.But after all it's a great phone that I've ever used. If I buy another one later, I will go for Nokia.

very good phone , i still use it till today (i had it for 4 years) , everything that u need on it

I owned this phone and although many people praise it, it gave me a lot of grief. It is far from "perfect" as others put it here. It may have to do with Amazon maybe (and I am reflecting what I was told by Nokia) that they are not authorized to sell Nokia products so they may be selling bad batches or refurbished products...If the phone I had owned is the real deal, then take praises hereto with a grain of salt. There are many flaws to the phone starting in the Bluetooth pairing (drove me nuts..) to GPS which takes forever to sync and get you your position.Battery life time? The biggest exaggeration. What is stated in the spec, is not even close to reality (but every manufacturer is overstating this parameter because they know it's hard to test).Camera: Even with its stated 5M pixels, quality is typical to Sony, bad! I have a Canon 4MP which has a far better picture quality. No comparison.Although it has 8GB, loading songs which is a cumbersome task on its own, will eat up a lot of juice. Couple that with GPS maps and photos you would want to take and save, you quickly run out of memory.SO I think buying a different model with MicroSDHC is a better option.Additionally the phone tend to get sluggish takes some time to respond to a menu item, taking photo, editing music, etc...There are some good features to it in call making, contacts, SMS etc (the classic phone features)My conclusion: It is not worth the price. Think about what you expect from this phone and consider other realistic options.I give it 3 stars, as after all it is a phone that serves some purpose.

The call quality is good. Speakers are amazing. Photo quality is good. It finds m wireless connection quickly.The screen resolution should have been better for watching youtube. The buttons are too small.

I've had N95-8GB for less than two months now. From day 1, had issues with charger pin not charging properly (need to play around a bit for it to start charging). The features of the phone are awesome - but you need to be really tech. savvy, which I luckily am. The phone is really bulky and the two-way slides isn't all that comfortable (slides when keeping in the pocket)Over a period of time, the N95-8GB started acting really flaky and eventually, the phone would reboot by itself. Some problem with the power switch. I sent the phone back to Nokia for repair. The online status first showed - 'Waiting for parts' and then, after a few days they simply shipped the phone back saying it has corrosion!! The phone has never been wet, so I don't understand how could there be corrosion. I smell something fishy - maybe they didn't have parts so they are making this up!When I called customer support, the rep said that the phone can catch corrosion by keeping it in the pocket or from humidity (I live in Chicago, close to lake Michigan)!! I was shocked with this response. Nokia expects that men won't keep the phone in the pocket?? Anyway, spoke to a couple reps and even a supervisor, but they simply refused to repair the phone. This is just pathetic customer service. Nokia just lost a faithful customer and an avid marketer of their product - for the last 10+ years, I've only used Nokia phones - I guess it's time to switch manufacturers!!New buyers - BEWARE. As long as your phone doesn't go bad, your fine. If it does, be prepared to dump your investment.

When the N95 came to the US, I spent a large sum of my bonus money to get it. Generation 1. I loved it! It was all I wanted from a phone and more! I read books, I get myself home when I am lost, I take pictures, listen to music, watch news casts from my home country and so on, and so on. I have google maps, and read gmail on it. I surf the web, and play games. The menus are configurable, and I have almost none of the original buttons on the front "page". I usually keep forgetting all the things this phone can do.Unfortunately, on the day I had had my phone for a year, it started acting up on me. It was with deep regret I sent it in to get a replacement phone. Since I was so very happy with my N95, I spent the money on getting another one. This time, I went for the third generation, with 8G storage built in.I am not as impressed with the 3rd generation as I was with the first generation. This phone is a lot slower than my old, and lags quite a bit. I also cannot connect it to my Linux laptops like I could with my other. I believe it's because the phone mounts the disk, and it cannot be unmounted. This is probably my biggest problem with this phone. I could do this with the first phone. I have had times when the phone does stupid things like shut itself off. At first I was worried, but the alarm will ring even if the phone is off, so I have reliably used it as an alarm clock when I am on the road.It's a good phone if you want an all-in-one phone. I am really looking forward to N97 being released later next year, as I will most likely upgrade to it as soon as it becomes available. I will recommend this phone, but be aware that it can be slow to move through menus sometimes!

I was struggling whether or not to rate this 3 or 4 stars, based solely upon the context of when I bought it and now.  I bought it from Amazon almost a year ago, when the N96 was just being talked about.  Very satisfied with Amazon's price at the time and considering the only other option was an iPhone I decided this was a better deal (and no two-year contract).Pros:1. US 3G compatibility and wifi.  Wifi is definitely the faster option if you're at home, but it's nice to access data on the go.2. The camera, once you get used to it, takes good pictures.  Not as good as a digital camera, but pretty good all things considered.3. The storage capacity is excellent.4. Speakerphone and call quality is good, although I had to recently replace the earphone speaker, even though the phone isn't even a year old.5. Despite the earphone speaker, I've dropped the phone many times and at least the construction is durable.6. Standard headphone jack if you want to use this as a walkman and the playback is fine despite the awkward UI.Cons:1. No qwerty keyboard.  I thought I would be fine with the standard keyboard, but it gets annoying after a while with a lot of web surfing.  At the time it seemed standard for a consumer phone to not have a qwerty keyboard, so in that context I don't want to be too harsh (why the N96 didn't have one is a mystery).2. Due to recently replacing the earphone speaker I'm concerned about other 'quality' issues with the phone.  Nothing else is wrong, but it makes one wonder.3. 3G connectivity with At&t; is okay but not super fast.  This is partly the phones older technology and a result of all the iPhones in the Boston area that slow down the network.  My connection is faster the further I am from the downtown hub so I know its both.4. It's music menus are obnoxious, the playback of mp3s is fine, but the UI of the music player isn't great.  This phone is not a good replacement for a Zune or iPod.The N95 has a lot of other features not covered since I do not use them I decided not to comment on them.At this point with Nokia looking to release the N97 and Palm with their Pre, the Nokia N95 is looking more dated.  However, it will last for a while and at this lower price it might be a good option for someone looking for an all-in-one phone.

This phone is the best phone on the world. its like a pc on the phone. everything you need is on the phone camera,camcorder,gps,mp3,wifi,voip. what more you need?

this phone has everything. the only problem I have is that it's just too bulky

Beware that this is lengthy!  I figure that if you consider spending several hundred dollars on a phone, the more information the better. :)The first thing to get straight about this phone is that it is not about form, but function.  It is not the slimmest or sexiest phone out there, nor does it have the most awe-inspiring user interface compared to the likes of the iPhone.  On the other hand, it has every capability that you will find on any phone these days:* A 5MP camera with autofocus, LED flash, and VGA video recording, Carl Zeiss lens, and a 1/2.5" CCD (same as in most compact digital cameras).  Various shooting modes (macro, night, night portrait, sports, etc...), ISO control, flash control w/red-eye reduction.  Immediately send pictures via bluetooth, email, MMS, etc.* GPS with Nokia Maps application and optional voice navigation.  Various third party applications (e.g. Google Maps for S60) support its built-in GPS as well.* 3.5G (HSDPA) connectivity (see note about models below), This gives clearer voice and much faster data downloads (theoretically up to 3.5 Mbps; in practice I have seen from 900 Kbps to about 2.2 Mbps, depending on location and time of day).* WiFi (802.11g) with WEP, WPA/WPA2, and EAP/802.1x authentication (for corporate environments)* Support for nearly every Bluetooh profile in existence: A2DP for stereo audio, DUN for tethering the phone's internet connection with a laptop (for on-the road use), OBEX to send/receive files and browse the internal filesystem from a computer.* 3.5mm headset jack, infrared port w/send/receive utility, FM tuner.* "Dual slider" design: Slide display up to reveal numeric keypad; and down to reveal four multimedia buttons (Play/Pause, stop, rewind, fast forward).  Sliding it down also changes the display orientation from portrait to landscape; sliding it up switches it back.* Symbian S60 smartphone OS: In addition to thousands of available generic Java (J2ME) mobile applications, there are also nearly an equal number of native applications that can access additional functionality/hardware on the phone (for instance, there is one that uses the built-in accelerometer to control your computer's mouse cursor by simply tilting the phone, and another one that uses the built-in GPS to "geotag" pictures with your location as you use the camera).* Built-in applictions include QuickOffice to read Microsoft Office files (DOC, PPT, XLS), Adobe Acrobat Lite reader (PDF), RealPlayer (most media files/streams), home screen "Search" applet to search the Internet and local content, various organizer apps (clock w/unlimited alarms, phonebook with unlimited entries, calendar w/unlimited meetings, todos, memos, reminders..), calculator, unit converter -- you get the picture.  Notably absent, though, is a Timer/Stopwatch application; however you can easily download a third party one (e.g. from Smartphoneware).* Other S60-specific applications include Nokia's Internet Radio to stream live radio streams, "RotateMe" to automatically rotate the screen depending on your phone orientation, "Fring" mobile Skype/AIM/MSN/Google Talk/etc.. client, Google Maps with GPS support, Google home screen search applet, Mobile Weather app, "ExtGPS" to share the internal GPS information over bluetooth (e.g. to theNokia N800 Internet Tablet), YouTube player, emTube (also for YouTube access), etc.* One of the best mobile web browsers out there.  Based on AppleWebKit (a.k.a. KTML, the web engine used in the likes of Apple Safari and KDE Konqueror), it renders web pages "as they were meant to be".  And unlike that other phone that claims to do the same, the N95 also has a built-in Flash Lite player - so web pages that use flash will work as well.  Plus, you are of course free to download and use other browsers, such as the excellent, super-fast and bandwidth-saving Opera Mini (operamini.com).* Mail client with POP-3 and IMAP support (including IMAP-IDLE, a.k.a. "push mail"; alternatively it can poll at specified intervals).* Mac OS X users: Although the phone does not come with bundled software for Mac OS X, you can download "Nokia Multimedia Transfer" (to synchronize photos and music with iPhoto and iTunes) and an iSync plugin (to synchronize the address book, calendar, todo etc) with your Mac - both from Nokia's web site.  Also, setting up your Mac to access the Internet via the phone (providing that you have a data plan, e.g. the $15/month "MEdia Net Unlimited" from AT&T;) is super-easy: When you first pair with the phone, the needed WAP/APN information is pulled automatically from your Phone's SIM card.  (Ironically, this works for nearly every phone, except Apple's own iPhone; this one has a very crippled bluetooth stack, and does also not support tethering).  UPDATE: I've learned that such tethering violates AT&T;'s Terms of Service.  Moreover, there are no  plans available for this phone (or most others) from AT&T; that specifically allow tethering.  If you do so anyway, stay under the radar, and don't abuse it - e.g. by using your cellular data plan as your main internet service.MODELS:=======There are 5 subflavors of the N95 released to date:* The original N95 (a.k.a. N95-1, a.k.a. RM-159) targeted mainly the European and Asian markets; while it had quad-band GSM (2G) support for use in nearly every country, including the USA, it had support only for the international W-CDMA (UMTS/HSDPA, a.k.a. 3G/3.5G) frequency (commonly referred to as UMTS-2100).  Nonetheless, this phone was later made available for retail in the USA as well, through Nokia's flagship stores, online site, and 3rd party retailers.  It had manual shutter lens protection (you would slide it open to start the camera), 64MB of runtime/dynamic memory (RAM), and a 900 mAh battery.  Common complaints about this phone was that it would often run out of memory when several applications were open, and that the battery life was too short.* The N95-2 (a.k.a. "N95 8GB", a.k.a. RM-320) increased the screen size from 2.6" to 2.8" (diagonal), increased RAM from 64MB to 128MB, increased the battery size from 900 mAh to 1200 mAh, removed the slider mechanism for opening the camera lens, replaced the SDHC card slot with 8GB of internal flash, and replaced the silver faceplate with an all-black design.  However, the bands supported were the same: W-CDMA 2100MHz, GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz - so although it will work fine with both AT&T; Wireless, T-Mobile USA and Rogers, it does not support 3G/3.5G network speeds in North America.  Nonetheless, as with the N95-1, Nokia has sold this phone in North America as well until just a few weeks ago; so possibly, this is the phone sold here (Unfortunately, Nokia's own sales channels do not normally make this distinction, and Amazon's product description is also somewhat lacking).  UPDATE: As the product description now clearly says, this is the N95-4 (a.k.a. N95 8GB NAM) model.* The N95-3 (a.k.a. "N95 NAM", RM-160) is the first model targeted for North America.  Most of the exterior design is similar to the N95-1 (Silver faceplate, 2.6" screen, SDHC slot), but like the N95-2, it has 128MB of RAM, a 1200 mAh battery, and no manual slider for the camera shutter.  The main reason for its existence is that it swapped the original UMTS-2100 (WCDMA) frequency for UMTS-850 and UMTS-1900, so that it would work with AT&T; Wireless's 3G/3.5G network.  Until just a few days/weeks ago, this would have been the "best" choice for US customers.* The N95-4 (a.k.a. "N95 8GB NAM", RM-421) is identical to the N95-2, except that like the N95-3, it swaps UMTS-2100 for UMTS-850/1900.  It was released just a couple of weeks ago, though, so if Amazon got their inventory of "n95 8gb" devices from Nokia prior to this, it would have been the N95-2 rather than the N95-4.  (The exterior and labeling of both is the same).  Also, the firmware revision numbers are different, so some utilities (like the "Nokia Multimedia Transfer" application and iSync plugin for Mac OS X) do not yet recognize this phone. UPDATE: The N95-4 is now fully supported by most applications, including Nokia Multimeda Transfer and iSync plugin.* The N95-5 is for Japan; it is a stripped-down version of the N95-1 (e.g. no WiFi). UPDATE: As someone commented below, it is actually for China.COMPARED WITH OTHER PHONES:==========================N95 vs. iPhone==============This is almost an irrational comparison, given how different these devices are:* The iPhone is almost entirely about "sex appeal": Polished, slim, with a large screen for viewing content, multi-touch user interface (we've all seen how to zoom in and out using finger pinches, do inertial scrolling through a list of contacts, etc).  As such, it is very big on "usability".  The N95 is not even a touch-screen device.  (Personally I actually prefer "hard" keys w/tactile feedback; having used the touch-screen based Motorola A1200 MING in the past.  Touch screens are not very good for, for example, dialing a number without looking at the screen).* The iPhone feature set is, at best, mediocre.  Yes, it has WiFi - so does a lot of other phones.  Yes, it has a "WYSIWYG" web browser; again, so do so many others (including the 3-year oldMotorola A1200 MING, another touch-screen phone by the way).  However, it lacks: 3G support, GPS, Infrared, FM Radio, decent camera functionality (no flash, video recording, etc), 3rd party application support (e.g. no Internet Radio, GPS navigation, etc), or even a usable Bluetooth stack (to do silly little things like transfer files or enable internet access for a nearby laptop while on the road).  Even the otherwise crappy Motorola RAZR line (e.g. RAZR v3xx) do most of these things. UPDATE: With the release of the iPhone 3G and the new App Store, Apple has come a long way.  It's worth pointing out though that the iPhone can still not run standard J2ME/MIDP mobile applications, only those released specifically for the iPhone through the App store.  Per the Apple Terms of Service, this means: No 3rd party web browser (e.g. Opera Mini), no voice navigation, not even something along the lines of Nokia Sports Tracker (since it uses the GPS).* The iPhone is only available with a 2-year contract from AT&T; the N95 is only available SIM-free (unlocked).In short: The iPhone is about form, the N95 (and Symbian devices in general) about function.N95 vs.Sony Ericsson K850i===========================These are the only two 5MP camera phones available for the US market.  Neither of them is offered by a carrier (AT&T;, T-Mobile, Cellular One, Rogers...), so in both cases you will pay the full price for the phone.  (The upside, of course, is that you will not need to renew your contract to get it.. :)Also, both phones (in the case of the N95, some flavors of it) support the U.S. 3G bands, in addition to being quad-band GSM phones.  The difference here is that the k850i supports all four GSM bands and all three UMTS bands at the same time, so you don't have to pick a "US" vs. "International" flavor.  Finally, both phones have built-in FM tuners - though the k850i also supports RDM to display programming information transmitted in the broadcast.Most comparisons of these phones therefore center around the camera functionality (e.g. PhoneArena.com, GSMArena.com, and Mobile-Review.Com all have head-to-head comparison reviews of the two).  In summary: As far as camera phones go, these are as good as you get; they are both comparable to mid-range pocket cameras.  The k850i has an advantage indoors, because it has a real Xenon flash in addition to the LED autofocus assist beam.  However, in general, it has more "washed out" color reproduction than the more vivid N95; and it only supports video recording in QVGA (320x240) resolution compared to the N95 VGA (640x480).The main difference between the phones lie in other areas. The N95 is a Symbian smartphone, and so can run a whole slew of native applications specifically written for this platform, while the k850i is limited to running generic Java (j2me) mobile applictions.  Also, the k850i does not have a built-in GPS (but using an external bluetooth GPS receiver together with free GPS navigation software such as AmazeGPS, you can get voice navigation on this phone as well).  The Java version of Google Maps (which is what you would use on the k850i) has a "My Location" feature that uses information from cell phone towers to pinpoint ROUGHLY where you are, within a couple of miles; similar to the iPhone.  Various other limits exist in the k850i as well (1000 phonebook entries, 5 alarms, etc..)On the other hand, the k850i does have a few built-in applications that are notably absent from the N95: A flashlight application (uses the LED autofocus beam), mouse/keyboard emulation to control your bluetooth-enabled computer (e.g. for presentation), and a stopwatch/timer app.One last thing to note about the K850i:  Although it uniquely supports both U.S. and International 3G frequencies, its use on the AT&T; wireless network is sub-optimal.  That's because there is an interoperability issue with its built-in media player and the MEdiaNet configuration - so streaming internet videos (e.g. from YouTube) does not work.  This was the single most important reason why I ended up returning my k850i to the local store where I bought it, after having had it for about 2 weeks.N95 vs. the Samsung G810========================The Samsung G810 was announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February; it is another Symbian S60 phone with a feature set almost identical to the N95.  It will be sold internationally starting this fall; probably not in the U.S. though -- it is lacking the GSM 850 MHz frequency used here. (In other words, it is only a "tri-band" phone).  Maybe they plan on releasing a US version as well - I guess that depends on whether a carrier picks it up or not.Other than that, for better or worse the G810 has a 3x optical zoom. "Worse" because that inevitably leads to compromises in the optics (the thickness of the phone is the same, so that must mean that the CCD sensor is smaller - meaning more noise).  On the upside, it does have Xenon flash and a protective lens cap.Early available specs also indicate that it will have 96MB of RAM - midway between the N95-1 and subsequent N95s; however, the RAM will be split up into a 32MB chunk for the DSP (GSM and W-CDMA radios) and 64MB for the Symbian phone OS/functionality.  Thus, this could become an issue.For now, anther Samsung, the G600, although not available for sale in the US, seems to have a better camera (in some reviews outperforming the N95 and k850i), as well as quad-band GSM support.  (It is otherwise a low-end phone though, without e.g. 3G).UPDATE: Other Nokia Phones==========================Since the N95, several other N-series and E-series phones have been released by Nokia with very similar feature sets.  For instance, the N82, which features a full Xenon flash, and thus doubles nicely as a pocket camera also for indoor use (though the only version available does not support North American 3G bands, just like the N95-1 and N95-2).UPDATE Dec 1, 2008: The N95 now has a couple of worthy successors, each of which improve on its feature set in different ways: TheN85and theN96.  Personally, I'll stick to the N95 8GB though (see my N85 review to see why).

i ordered this phone from amazon, amazon has great phones for sale, the one i received is made in Korea.after checking it out for several days, so far, so good. despite this phone is considered wonderful by everyone, it has some cons i need to say. maybe its helpful to people who are interested in this phone.1. slide screen is fancy, but made very loosen, it feels like it will break after using several weeks.2. when talking on the phone,voice is not even as clear as my motorola V3(old one and same phone company)3.its getting slower when there is a load of pics and videos. sometimes, if you have many songs in it, it's loading forever.however, this 600dollar phone has a lot of functions that you expect.good quality of picture and video. many applications.amazon's phone is real one i guess, since the one i got at least is made in korean and with 1 year warrenty. i think maybe the one made in korea is the real one.

I bought this phone for my daughter's 15th Birthday. It was all she asked for! All the features are Great. The Phone itself, the cameras (2 cameras), multipmedia sound, bluetooth, wifi, I honestly liked it so much that wanted one for myself. It was unlocked and we had no problems using the local simcard.

I had this phone for a few days now, and it is everything i could expect, i had a Sony K850i for a few months but had software problems from day 1. I am very impressed with this phone and would recommend anyone to purchase one despite the cost as it totally blows away phones you can get in anywhere. My friend has an Iphone and going to sell it and buy one of these.

This phone is probably the only phone in the word that has been reviewed numerous times in numerous sites.  So, I will skip the review part.  It has great features and works very well.  It is a true workhorse.  Even though it doesn't bug me, the only downside is that it is slow at times.  Not a a big deal but wanted to point out some flaw.

The N95 8GB phone definitely stumps the competition. Packed with a myriad of features, applications, and connectivity possibilities, it's tagline "Open to Everything" is right on the money. With video and sound converters included in the PC suite software, finding compatible video and music files is a thing of the past. Lightning-fast connections and a massive 8GB memory diminish storage and download speed problems. A month after purchasing my N95 8GB, my amazement remains on fire. Each day I discover new and practical applications compatible with my phone, not to mention dozens of free 3D games available for trial and purchase in various websites. Overall, this phones is the perfect description of the term "Bang for the Buck!" Go ahead and try it, you'll be amazed...

tuve problemas con el celular.. se descompuso los 10 dias de haberme llegado pero no tuve ningun problema con la garantia.. a los 15 dias la gente de amazon me envio un celular nuevo

I think this is the best Nokia N series ever....if its not surpassed by the new N 97.If you are looking for a beautifull phone loaded with features and all that you can possibly think of in a average budget. This is the phone to get..much better that the Iphone in many ways. Besides its very reliable.We have 3 of these in the family and everyone just loves this model.I wont go in features as there are soo many reviews on it,but i can tell you it has capability for more features that you need.Very good buy and the right time to buy going by the current pricing

I am very happy with my Nokia N95 8GB phone.As the title says MORE THEN I EXPECTED!I would like to take a moment to thank Amazon forquick and courteous service.OK. My review...First of all the phone itself is excellent. both on andoff speaker phone. It is loud and clear. sometimes evenbetter quality then a land line.Second is the music and video players. The player thatcomes with the phone is great but, if you want morediversity with different codec's try Core video player.You can find it on most symbian forums.People compare this phone to the iphone and, thats fine.I've owned both now and, have to say that there aremore application and other items you can get on the N95then the iphone...and as far as I'm concerned the callquality is so much better with the Nokia.On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate this phone a solid 9 becauseof it's quirks. Being able to charge via usb is one and, withmost smart phone an occasional unscheduled reboot.But, even with it's minor drawbacks its a phone I use in manyways everyday and, will continue in the future.Thank You

If you one of those people who likes high tech smartphone and willing to use these sweet gadget and all its features to its limit, then this is the right phone for you. Why do I choose this phone?1. It's Nokia2. Symbian OS3. 5 MP camera (one of the best camera phone to date) + 1 cam (front).4. Games, video, music, radio, internet browsing, Wi-Fi, you name it!5. 8 GB internal memory, that's more than enough for me.6. Good reception, and the speakerphones are loud and clear.7. It's slider phone...um its actually dual-slide. I loves slider phone.8. GPS is a great bonus. You need internet connection or data plan tho.9. Crisp screen display10. On sale when I bought it in gold box lighting deal.Why not 5 stars?1. The main issue for most people with this phone is the battery. Well, we need to give credit to Nokia by giving more juice on N95 8 GB battery after the original N95. But, still...this phone drains battery's power like.... leeches. So, be ready to buy xtra battery.2. It's not the sexiest thing, but I'll survive.3. No memory slot, who doesn't want xtra storage?4. No lens cover...it's Carl Zeiss optics for cryin out loud!5. It can be slow sometime. Especially out of the box. Update your firmware is recommended.I recommend to get this model instead Nokia N96, do some research before you choose the right smartphone for you. If you rather have qwerty keypad, Nokia E71 is the answer (you can't go wrong with E71, unless you demand superb camera). If you willing to wait a little bit longer and you happen to have xtra bucks in your pocket, and don't mind to spend at least twice the price from N95 8 GB, then N97 (get the white one...umm sweet  ^ ^) is hard to resist.

I ordered this a few weeks ago and was really excited about receiving it. Coincidentally the day before my N95-4 arrived, Nokia released a new firmware update so the first thing I did was update the software on my N95-4 to the latest version.During the update process I noticed the USB port on the phone itself seemed loose but thought nothing of it. After the update was done I began to use the phone and I ended up returning it to Amazon the next day! You've seen all the positive reviews, so I won't rehash that, but here are why I returned it:- The USB port on my N95-4 was extremely loose or broken. You had to apply a lot of pressure and push the cable in and then not touch it for it to stay connected. It was so loose that a breeze from the window could disconnect the device from the PC. I tried several USB cables, computers/ports with no success.- The USB transfer speed is HORRIFIC for a device that comes with 8GB. It took almost 2.5 hours to transfer about 4GB of music to the device using Windows Media Player. Using mass storage mode is just as slow since this uses USB 2.0 Full-Speed (old spec) not USB 2.0 High-Speed (common today). No matter what people tell you this is absolutely frustrating and annoying over time, even if you don't transfer stuff much.- The slider on the phone is wobbly and whenever I pressed a button on the keypad it made a creaking sound that I don't expect from a $600 phone. It did not feel solid at all, at least not my N95-4- The overall size of the device is surprisingly small but the thing is as thick as a brick which makes it awkward to carry in your pant pocket or worse jeans pocket.- Even without really installing any apps on it the thing would randomly slow down and not respond to key presses and then just "wake up" all of a sudden it was bizarre.- Does not charge via USB. Not used to this so was annoying that you have to at times have both a USB cable and Nokia charger plugged in.I ended up getting a Nokia N78 (US 3G) that was just recently released and I'm extremely happy with it. It addresses most if not all of the issues I had with the N95-4 including fastest USB, fast CPU/responsive, excellent build quality.I would recommend looking at the N78 or the upcoming N96 (successor to N95) over the N95-4.

As an adult who held out from buying a cellphone for years, this was the first one I bought after carefully researching other phones.  This model has many advanced features, not all of which I use.  Overall, the model is an excellent, all-in-one, smart phone and will meet your needs for all uses (saving you money from having to buy other gadgets that provide the following services): phone, video, music, gps/navigation, digital camera, organizer, etc.  I rate this model 4 1/2 stars instead of 5 for the following reasons. After 3 months of light phone-only use, the charger input hole disappeared into the phone and the phone could not be charged. I had to send the phone to Nokia Customer Service for repair. This issue was unexpected for a phone of this price calibre. The repair took 10 days including postal travel time. Unrelated, on rare occasions, the display will "freeze" and not respond to any commands.  To remedy this, the only solution is to remove the battery from its compartment and reinstall the same battery. The display will resume after the phone is turned back on.  These two issues are minor in comparison to the delight that this smart phone offers the user. If you are in the market for a unique and advanced smart phone, I would highly recommend the N95 8GB (even to first time adult users). 8GB is more than sufficient and I see no reason to have a 16GB. Best of luck to all.

The N95 8GB has exceed all my expectations. I have been working my way through the User Guide, slowly coming up to speed on its seemingly endless capabilities. I won't even call it a cell phone any more - that is only a minor function of what is in reality a portable computer with a communication feature. My highlights so far:The phone itself works exceptionally well. I plugged in the SIM chip from my old cell (AT&T;) and was up and running immediately. I am looking forward to using this unit in Europe next year. Since it is unlocked, you can buy inexpensive Vodaphone SIMs from just about any newsstand and all your in-country calls become local calls at pennies per minute. No more exorbitant roaming fees. And the quad-band capability ensures you will connect virtually anywhere.I had no problem using the WLAN feature. It hooked up with my home wireless network flawlessly, and so far, has found and connected with various other Wifi hot spots around town. The internet browser is excellent and once I figured out how to get my e-mail retrieval set up, I was able to check my home mailbox with ease. Very convenient feature!The camera takes excellent photos considering it is a cell camera. With 5 megapixels and the Carl Zeiss lens, you end up with pictures good enough to post on a web site (I did).  I also like the performance of the video capture and plan to use it more often.Bluetooth paired up seamlessly in my car and with my ear bud. I tested the unit's FM radio using my Bose head set and the N95 picked up all the stations in range quickly. The quality of the sound was exceptional! I also played some downloaded sounds and some streaming video. Excellent performance.After dowloading the Nokia software on my home PC, I tested the N95's Office features by downloading some PDF, Excel, and Word files to the phone. They are all accessible on the N95 and very easy to view on the high resolution LCD. I plan to purchase the software that will allow me to edit these files on the N95. I already bought a portable bluetooth keyboard that I will use with the unit as well. With that, I will have many of the functions previously available only on my laptop.The GPS is excellent. I had no problem acquiring satellites, even indoors on a couple of occasions. My phone came with a complementary six-month subscription to all the voice guidance features. I have used this in my car to test routing and it matches up well with the GPS built in to my 2008 Dodge Magnum.In summary, I am extremely pleased with the N95 8GB unit. It will take me more weeks to learn everything this "phone" can do, but it will be an enjoyable process.

It's light not heavy, because the Symbyan S60 3rd edition you can do many things and install many applications the only one problem that I can note it's the Battery life it's short and it's a little bit slow when you try to make something else. Iphone it' faster but has many limitations I have both and I can compare that things.NOKIA it's more functional that iPhone.

I'm going to be honest here. I am a big fan of nokia. I've always had a nokia phone and would never purchase any brand. I purchased this phone because of all the reviews, the 8gbs, the video and screen size. The camera on this phone is great because its 5mp but at the same time since the lens is in the phone you tend to get red eye and if the person you are taking a photo of is more then 10feet away the picture is dark when in a dark area even while using the flash. The video on this phone is wonderful. The volume keys on the top right side of the phone are somewhat hard and you don't feel like you are pressing them sometimes. I really wish this phone had a keyboard on it. Honestly that's the only thing this phone is missing. I do agree with many people that this phone is way better then the iphone because of its web cababilites. Did I mention the gaming is insane? Yes, it does have N-gage but you can go to another site like mosh and get cool fun simple games. Tetris looks so hot on the screen. The GPS on the phone works great! Somethings that aren't mentioned a lot with this phone is that you can get AM/FM radio on it as well. Any jack can go into the phone unlike the iphone which only allows smaller ear pieces. The phone is super loud I can hear it 3 rooms away when its ringing. Another great thing is that the phone has flash player and like usual real player. I do have to say that for me the standby time could be a little longer. I did notice that my nokia 6682 did last longer then the N95 8gb, but I don't mind because this phone is sexy. The buttons are easy to press when you are text messaging. But again I just wish the phone had a keyboard granted I can get a small bluetooth one but why would I want to carry something extra in my purse?

I had a Blackberry and moved to N95 hoping for a better phone and email appliance. Boy was I wrong! To read emails, I need to push1. Messaging2 to 5 keys: Go down with the arrow 3 items to my inbox6. Options7 to 10 keys: Retrieve Emails11. New11 Strokes to read my email!!!Then, if i want to read beyond the header, click and wait again.This is too much trouble, is not friendly or fast.To delete the messages from the phone is impossible, the headers will remain there, unless I delete all the messages from the server. I want my messages on the server, as a backup, but now i need to move them to another folder, for the sake of the Nokia!After I do that, I need to synch the phone again, and it takes FOREVER to remove and clean up the inbox.This is not a phone for people who use it for work
