
I have not tried all the various functions of this phone, but it seems to work for everything I need it to do.  I don't like the round prongs power plug, but I had an adapter since I have lived in Shanghai for the past several years. I think the user interface is simply horrible to use.  The various functions are needlessly buried in layers of senseless options.  Try to make a call to a company that says press 1 for English, 2 for Spanish, etc.  You have to press and hold the touch screen area called unlock. Then you have to press another area to get a touch screen numeral pad.  By the time you get to this point, the number you called is asking you if you want to repeat the options. The microprocessor in this phone must be the slowest on earth. Everything is so slow and counterintuitive that I get upset everytime I use it. In text mode, they use the same layout as a digital phone. Why they didn't have the option of a Qwerty keyboard is beyond logic.  So there you are pressing every button once, twice or three times when it could have been a full keyboard layout. It does have the option where it tries to guess the word you are spelling, which is good. The phone is usable, but frustrating to use in my opinion.  I tried to give it to my brother, but he returned it to me saying it has the worst user interface in the world and he wouldn't take it even if I paid him money.

I got it through Amazon a year ago. it was working fine for a year, then screen went bad and now it makes me a problem to call and use a phone, as far as it is only touch screen. I searched for this problem in internet and it is a common problem, so don't make my mistake :) Also, it has a problem to connect a laptop through bluetooth!!!

this LG cookie KP500 is my daughter 's favorite cell phone, she likes it so much. I like it too, it looks like iphone with enough function to use, but not expensive. only thing my daughter mention to me is  when you move the touch screen it is slower then iphone.it is unlock, so you can use it everywhere.

I read a lot of reviews (both good and bad) on this phone before I purchased mine. I must say, either my phone was a fluke because everything worked great out of the box, or there are a lot of people out there looking to spend $100 and get a $500 phone! This phone is easy to navigate and set up, has a nice touch screen (I love the included hidden stylus!), and has a lot of features some higher priced phones didn't. The pics and video are exactly as listed - this is a phone, NOT an SLR camera. The pics seemed perfectly acceptable to me as it is listed as a 3MP camera. Also, I read a lot about the quality of the mp3 player..??!! It's a phone first and foremost. The sound quality to me is equal to my son's Ipod touch using the same earbuds. Bottom line for me is that this phone cost less than $100, everything works just fine for me (MMS and data using T-Mobile), and the added features rival that of higher priced phones of the same age.

I've had this phone for about a month now, and I'm very impressed with it. It gets great reception, even better than my old V3 RAZR, which I thought had excellent reception. Call quality is also very good.I love the touchscreen! I won't go back to a non-touchscreen phone after this. It's so much easier to navigate through the menus and get it to do what I want. Yes, texting is a little more difficult. But, all the positives of the touchscreen outweigh that negative. And, I text quite a bit.I have At&T; in the U.S. and I was able to get MMS and internet services to work right away. Just do a Google search for LG Cookie MMS settings AT&T.; There is a lot of info out there on how to set it up.The phone is very thin and lightweight. I wear jeans a lot and it fits in the front pocket nicely.So, if you don't need 3G, GPS, or WiFi, this is a really great phone. If you do, then I'd look elsewhere. But, for me, it does everything I need, and does it well.

Upon receiving the item unboxed it and went through the list of what's included in the box and found out that the stereo headphone is missing. I then contacted Amazon.com, through email, about the missing piece, got a reply asking me if I want to send the LG KP500 Cookie back to them for a full refund but decided to keep the unit without the headphone. Amazon.com offered me $16.60 to be credited to my account as a token for the missing part. Two days after it was credited to my account. Amazon's customer service is excellent. I will keep ordering items from this guys.Anyway, I've read good reviews of this item and ordered it in replacement of my Palm Treo 680. I still like my Palm Treo for what it can do but sad to say it needs to retire. I was going to order the same item (Palm Treo 680) but decided to try and go with a touch screen. The LG KP500 Cookie unlocked cellphone is in excellent condition. I inserted the sim card and took it for a test drive. The touch screen is very responsive, colors are vivid and true to life. No complaints about this item. Good price, nice looking touch screen phone.

I don't get good reception where I live, but with this phone I am at least able to complete a call. I don't use most of what this phone has to offer, but for what I do use it for, it performs well.

I bought this phone through Amazon to use specifically overseas (outside the U.S.). It came with the latest Firmware already installed! Also the instruction manual is an English/German Edition, thats another plus! The phone was already set to english langauge too! I was hoping to get the european adapter, but did not, oh well they are cheap to pick up anyway.I have a Motorola Droid; the size and weight of the cookie is great, its smaller and lighter than the droid. I tested my 16GB micro sd card from my droid in the cookie and it recognized the size even though other reviews here and specs say it only takes a 8GB card. That may have something to do with the firmware version update. One thing to note that i didnt see in any reviews here is to make sure you turn on the phone when its plugged in via USB to your PC or it will not recognize the phone...lolI put in a 3 year old Wataniya sim card and it recognized it right away. Altough I havent used this phone yet, I am more than confident that it will perform flawlessly for me in the near future. Im still playing with all of the functions and options of the cookie, so I cant really comment on that yet. The touch screen seems to work well enough for me.All in all its worth the few extra bucks to go with this touch screen over a flip phone or bar phone, if your in the market for a quadband you cant go wrong with this one!

I do not recommend anyone buying this phone.  The issue is product support.  The manual is limited and so are the various website help channels.  The problem I run into was when I attempted to back up and synchronize my mobile to my PC.  The software tells me I have a connection between the phone and the PC but none of the icons such as "Contacts" , "Back-up" etc. work.  After I run around trying to get some help I finally received this chat quote: "The phone that you have is an international phone, meaning it was not intend to be sold in the US, so because of that we have no information on this phone." Furthermore several model input dialog boxes don't even list the KP500.

I got this to use the AT&T; GPS service.  I had looked at the Garmin phone (which isn't available right now) and saw "88% of customers who viewed this item bought the LG KP500."  LG KP500 was available and much less costly.I didn't notice that there is nothing about which services are actually available to the phone.  GPS is NOT.  So, if I want GPS service, I have to buy something else.  It wasn't quite a bait and switch, but it sure feels like it.

I bought this phone from amazon three days before thanksgiving. It arrived the day before neatly packaged and undamaged (brand new) in the box. At first I was not familiar with all the functions and keys but I spent the night figuring everything. Right out of the package I inserted my sim card, battery and the phone fired up right away.Pros:Good size phone with a good solid feel. I especially like the feedback from the screen when you touch or use the stylus which folds neatly into the bottom of the phone. The package includes a transparent cover for protecting the screen. Do not be put of by earlier reviews! It does have all the MMS features found on other phones. I loaded the included software and from LG's site, I was able to download the newest firmware update which speeds up the phone and opens all the features. The latest software is kp500_v10o. Calls sound good and i was able to text, browse and e mail with a few adjustments in the software. There are several web sites out there with configuaration info and there seem to be droves of people who like this phone.......you cant beat the price for what it does and how good it looks.Cons - It should come with more apps but i will remedy that very shortly,this is a minor nuisance. One other thing, LG USA does not have any information nor will they help with the phone even though it bears their name. I could not get help to access the USB driver from them. Thanks to the many "friends" in cyber space i was able to find it in short order.I ordered the case, a protective cover and a extra screen protector because i plan on keeping this as long as i did my last phone..........5 years. Times are hard and the rent is too damn high.....can't replace phones every few months like some folks!I highly reccomend this phone if you are in the market.

This phone took 10 days to get, from Wisconsin. The shipping time was only 3 days, the company took a week before they even boxed it up and shipped it out. When I got it the charger was european with a US adapter. NONE of the directions or owners manual was in english, which is ok if you know polish. The touch screen is not very sensitive, you have to bang on it to select the option you want sometimes. Sometimes the touch screen and the 3 buttons quit working all together and you have to remove the battery to reset the phone to get it work again. Ok it can't connect to wifi, which would be awesome, but it's a realitively cheap phone. I never could get the email to work and I can never see MMS messages.If your looking for a phone that the touch screen works like an apple product, this isn't it.

Para el costo es un telefono muy bueno las opciones que presenta como juegos o conecci&oacute;n a facebook le hace divertido adem&aacute;s de la pantalla grande que tiene le hace que sea muy pr&aacute;ctico y bonito

I bought it for my dad and use in China, it works very well. Good price, good quality, and easy to use for senior.

This phone was my FIRST all-touch phone. At first, I loved it! Everything was cool, the stylus totally made it worth a phone. However, once I tried to get used to the texting, I totally hated the phone. Since it's all touch, you can't automattically have that QWERTY Format. You have to turn the phone to the side to use it, BUT SOMETIMES THAT DOESN'T WORK T__T So i'm always forced to go to menu and MANUALLY change it to "Keyboard" format. Seriously this is frustrating when you're in a rush or you just want to text you kno? If you're a texter, DON'T GET THIS PHONE! Get a phone with a QWERTY Board, like BLACKBERRY &lt;3 After this phone, I've realized I cannot handle all touch when it comes to texting, It's just TOOO difficult /: AND it'll freeze sometimes when you're trying to send the texts /:So that was the texting issue. But other than that, this phone is pretty alrite for its price. MMS WORKS! You just need the right information for your network, I currently use it under TMOBILE. You do need the unlock code if you're using it for tmobile or at&t.; But that's not tough, just call the company (tmobile/at&t;) and ask them for the code. I called and was afraid they wouldn't tell me the unlock code, BUT NO they were so nice and they showed me how to unlock my phone and everything. So DON'T WORRY!! You can use this with any GSM provider in US. OH ! Also, I used this phone when I was in Asia. No unlock code necessary (: It felt nice since I didn't have to buy a cheap phone to use just for ASIA. Anyways, you'd want to know some nice features - dual screen. Meaning one screen is your 'main screen' and the other is for your speed dial. That means you can have 2 wallpapers. I love the Alarm and Calendar 'applications'!! You can change the tone to your alarm. Each individual alarm can have a diff tone. You can change when you need the alarm to repeat. OH and for the calendar, what's neat is I can easily remind myself of things I have to do. I give my events a reminder, so it rings when I need it to ring. I think those are very helpful. Eventhough my phone sucks at texting, I can use it normally for other stuff. It has a program where you can read word/text files! Music player and camera are good. Camera isn't like super great, but it's pretty decent, to me.OVERALL: If you just use your phone for calling and anything else that isn't TEXTING, then totally get this phone (: If you're a texter, then get another phone with a full QWERTY keyboard. I hope my advice helped you. Ask me if you have more questions. It's been like 11 months since I've had the phone. I get pissed at the texting, but the alarm/calendar are so helpful, I don't want to get another phone.

Excelente es la palabra que lo describe muy funcional y sencillo, nada complicado, barato y tiene buen estilo.Un gran telefono por  un buen precio.

I purchased this phone because I assumed it worked with Verizon which is my service provider,although the seller CLEARLY printed out that it is not compatible with Verizon. I had to cancel my order the next day when I realized I made a mistake and was worried that it was already to late to cancel the order. However, I emailed the seller and gave him my phone number and he contacted me RIGHT away and kindly canceled my order without any problems. He was really nice and respectful. If I purchase a phone in the future I will be sure to buy from this seller because he was quick and courteous.

Everything the previous reviewers say about this phone being bad is true. I bought this phone on impulse 2 months ago and cannot wait until it dies so I can buy a new phone. Probably a Sony Ericcson like my last one. The worst problem is the phone will be on full power and shut down with low battery in a matter of hours. Has left me in the lurch many times. Also the touch screen is a nightmare to use if you have to pick options as it often locks up. Many times you end up squeezing the touch screen out of fustration. Horrible horrible phone. The phone has a delay, so you end up pressing a few buttons before it kicks in. Many times I've cut off incoming calls and had to call back the callers at my expense. Thanks LG, you suck. Update: Gave the phone to my son and bought the Sony Ericsson M1A.  Wish I had done that the first time. Currently watching Bob Marley on Youtube via the Sony M1A. Class phone in comparison, in every way.

I bought this phone as a backup but proved to be a good one.It is sleek, simple to use and affordable.I gives value for the money you spend. For any one who hasn't used touch phones,I am sure this will prove to be an excellent phone at the entry level.It sits quietly inside your pocket and doesn't make your pocket bulge and look ugly.On the performance side, I am happy with the signal reception and audio quality.But when you are on the phone for a longer time, it heats up your ears.However, if you are conscious and use ear phones, then it is a good decision to buy this for around $100.Being an unlocked phone, it could be used world over wherever there is a GSM service provider.This makes it a better phone to own and to present.C Ravi MBACEO, Seyyone Medical Transcription Services[...]cravi@seyyone.co.in

This is the best phone you can buy for less $200. I have bought three of them: Two for friends and one for my wife.Here in Costa Rica the phone works perfect.

Not bad for the price. The battery life is the worst part of the phone. When left unused it will be dead in under 36hours. It functions well but occasionally claims there are too many applications running to continue. This occurs when ther are no applications running. If I cared a little more about having a do everything phone I would have bought a droid or iphone.

The LGKP500 is a good phone with good battery life, good mp3 playback quality, good colors on screen, very light and thin and is easy to carry. However some of the drawback I found was the keypad sometimes in not responsive and SMS freaks may find this phone little tough to use. The keys on the virtual keypad on screen is bit small and sometimes does not respond correctly. Radio needs earphone plugged in and the jack is uses is not generic hence the next headphone you buy has to be from LG accessory shop only. Rest of the features are easy to use and less complicated. The photo quality on this phone is only reasonable for shorttime exchange in emails and not for storing or printing. This phone is meant for people who are not geek, do little SMS, want a simple phone, listen to music and need something light to carry.

This phone says it has 900 mAh lithium-ion battery is rated at up to over three hours of talk time, and up to 350 hours of standby time. Unfortunately, it doesn't. I have my phone on standby and the battery is drained in less than 24 h.

I bought one of these as a gift. It works very well, but I had to figure out how to configure the phone to make MMS work correctly on T-Mobile.Here are the settings that worked for me:1. Go to Settings, Connectivity, Access points, Add access point.a. Name it whatever you want, for example, "epc"b. Use APN [...]2. Go to Settings, Connectivity, Internet profiles, Add profile.a. Name it whatever you want, for example, "wap"b. Use proxy = "on"c. Proxy server address = "216.155.165.050"d. Proxy server port = "8080"e. Access point = "epc" (or whatever you named it in step 1.)3. Go to messaging, Settings, Multimedia message, Multi msg centre, Add newa. Name it whatever you want, for example, "wapenc"b. MMSC URL [...]c. MMS Proxy = "wap" (or whatever you named it in step 2.)

Got this for my husband a while ago, and it's just ok. Not that user friendly and does weird things like showing a voice mail message when there isn't one. It's fine for the few times it's used though, which is as a spare.

I first started looking towards unlocked phones because my contract with T-Mobile had expired and I refused to purchase internet access on a mobile phone ... it would cost me more than my house internet!  Anyway, I wanted a mobile phone with a keyboard, a touch screen and something $100.00 USD or less.  After extensively looking for a couple of months, I decided to give this phone a shot.I have now had this phone a month.  I purchased the 'Genuine Gold' color phone, but the only difference between this and that phone are the shell colors.LG KP500 Cookie Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, Quad Band GSM, TFT Resistive Touchscreen, and Accelerometer Sensor for Auto-Rotate--International Version with No Warranty (Genuine Gold)First, I was quite impressed with the size and look of the phone.  It is small; about the size of a wallet and much thinner and lighter.  There is a stylus pen at the base of the phone.  The instruction booklet that came with my phone was not only in English; it also had a multitude of other languages.  The flip side of this is that the instructions in each language weren't very detailed and honestly, I could have used a bit more help.By default, the wall charger is a non-US plug, but there is an adapter to use in the US.  There is also a cord to go from the phone to the computer (USB).The phone itself is pretty much limited to calling and texting.  I knew the camera was nothing to write home about, and my expectations were very low for this camera.  This is good-- since even though this is the highest MP camera I have ever used in a mobile phone, it takes (by far) the worst pictures of any camera phone.It takes a little fiddling, but the phone has to be manually set up to accept/send MMS (picture messages) with T-Mobile.  (check the T-Mobile user forums for the correct setup).  As someone else has pointed out, T-Mobile texted me some instructions on setting up MMS messaging, but after three weeks.  I didn't switch; there really is no need to.  (Officially, T-Mobile doesn't support this phone, so why they would care how the phone is set up is beyond me!)The pictures tend to be small, but as I noted earlier, I am using this for phone/text and this doesn't matter to me.The most aggravating thing about this phone is the amount of time it takes to 'tilt' to the landscape mode while texting.  Rarely it's fast; most of the time it's okay and a few times I get aggravated and manually change the keyboard myself.  Another note on the keyboard-- I have regularly-sized fingers and yet still use the stylus since when I try to type, I usually hit the wrong letter.Since this is an international edition of the phone and not a US version there are some minor changes:--Dates are presented in DD MM YYYY format;--The ! key is hidden under the second level keyboard characters, but there are other characters I've never seen before now: a 'W' with a line through it is one example.--The word 'dialing' has been spelled 'dialling'.I must say that the color on the screen is absolutely wonderful; one of the top two phone screens I've seen.  I really was (pleasantly) surprised by this.I do recommend this phone for others looking for just a phone that texts and dials.  If you are looking for an internet phone, I would not choose this one.  However, I would choose this mobile phone all over again.

The camera is awful. The images are not clear at all. The battery doesn't last at all. Barely a day and a half. Really bad buy.

We just bought this phone and then ordered one more for my wife. It is a nice quad band phone, unlocked, comes with european plug and a converter, which is great for us, because we're going to return to Europe. Touch screen is easier than I thought and very sensitive. Phone is stylish and light weight. Apps are sufficient, sound and picture quality is great. The only worry is that it doesn't come with a warranty, but I don't remember ever using a phone's warranty services anyway.

Ordered and paid for but did not arrive. Unusual for amazon as they have been really good to date! Refund on the way...

This is a good GSM CellPhone but some problems: The Signal receptor is terrible.. The battery is veryy bad.. This is a cheap phone. I prefer the Nokia 5230, only $45 more and go get gps.

There are a big problem with this phone I bought here. It has not sound at all without headset, and when I receive a phone call without headset, I cannot listen what are talking in the other side.And it does not have any kind of support here!!!I cannot obtan any kind of support here for it!!!

The phone is fine--reception and sound seem to be good.  I haven't seen a user's manual, so I don't know how to use all the features yet.  The camera takes decent photos outside.  I'm not returning it, but I also don't love it.  The qwerty touch-screen keyboard is hard to use because the letters are so tiny and I'm always hitting the wrong letter.  I end up just using the regular phone number pad to write text messages.  Even when the "auto key lock" is turned off, for some reason the phone always locks when I'm using it; this means that in order to do anything interactive like pushing 7 to delete a message or answer an incoming call or whatever, I first have to unlock the phone.  Then I have to push something to get the appropriate touch screen to come up, and sometimes I don't push the right thing the first time and I do something I didn't mean to do.  I rejected a call from my grandma, for instance.  Unlike my previous phones, this one goes completely blank after about 3 seconds to save power.  Probably I could change this setting somehow, but I don't know how.  The issue is that it can't conveniently be used as a clock because you always have to turn it on in order to see the time.  You also have to always turn it on to see if you have any missed calls or messages, so you either are paranoidly turning it on all the time or else missing messages.  These difficulties probably speak to my technological abilities rather than the phone itself; though I'm not generally inept when it comes to new technology (BTW, I'm 36, not 86).  I think I prefer real buttons to the touch screen.  Oh--and the charger I received didn't work.  So I charge the phone by connecting it to my computer via the USB cable.  One thing I do love is the FM radio.  It's been so long since I listened to radio!  I pulled in and programmed a lot of stations.  So, overall, the phone is all right, especially for people who like and are adept at using the touch screen.  I will need to get used to it!

I'm not really a phone person but I love this phone. Love the clarity of the pics and the audio. Good buy.

I originally bought this phone because my w810 that I have with ATT was on its deathbed. I wasn't eligible for an upgrade for about 8-9 months (plus I don't really know if I want to be with them for another 2 years). So I figured my only two options were to purchase a phone from an ATT store for the full, unsubsidized price or buy an unlocked phone. Buying an unlocked phone definitely makes much more sense. For about the same price, you can get a phone without carrier restrictions, and should you decide to use another carrier, you can just put a different SIM card in the phone (for GSM phones). Anyway this particular phone is OK. I wanted to get another Sony Ericsson, but they are too overpriced for what the phones can do. LG is another good brand so I looked into this one. It's a good price, a nice budget phone that still has decent features. As far as looks, I loved it; sleek, thin, and black. That's about where it ended for me though. I didn't much care for the menu layouts, and the touchscreen is extremely slow and lagging. Texting was a nightmare for me with the touchscreen keyboard as I would always hit the wrong button or hit a button twice because the screen would lag. The camera is also terrible. The 2MP on both my Sony Ericsson and now my Nokia are exponentially better than this camera. The video player also sucks. I only kept this phone for about a week, so I don't really remember everything. I just feel like you can get better for your money. I sent it back and got a Nokia E63, now I'm much happier.

IF YOU ARE THINKING TO BUY THIS LG KP 500 (DISASTER) READ THIS ...BUY THIS THING THE FEW DAYS AGO, HE USED ONLY AROUND 2 DAYS AND I'M VERY MUCH Disgusted OF THIS PRODUCT TO COME TO THE CONCLUSION OF NO RETURN TO BUY ANYTHING FOR LG THE REST OF MY LIFE IS NOT ONLY TO RESTART OR TURN OFF THAT SOMETIMES IS NOT A NOTHING LOADED (AFTER 4 HOURS OF CHARGE) maybe if I'm frustrated HAD NOT READ THE COMMENTS THIS PAST HAD ME AND TOUCH SCREEN IS SO GOOD: As to answer 2 TOUCH EVERY 3 ..... THE END see what I can do if you send me another (IF IT IS NOT It would Or would come DAMAGED OR IF THE MONEY .... ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! repaid !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AT first I was a little worried that I might not like the phone.  But after having it in my hands and being able to play around with it.  I started liking it more.  It is not that hard to use.  You just have to be a little patient with it if you are not cell phone savy.  I can work a computer but I always have problems with a phone.  I really like the phone.  My husband also likes it and would like to get one for himself.

I would say to have a touch screen phone in this low price is awesome. The only thing I am missing in this phone is Wi-fi, but I can live without it. All I need is to make/receive call with some touch screen experience.

For a cell-phone not ordinarily sold in the States, the LG KP500 Cookie is most practical, especially after inserting an eight-gigabyte microSD memory chip.  Download movies, listen to radio or record and plan an event using the calendar and so much more.  No technical support is available for web browser configuration, but this is easy to set using WAP protocol.  The Cookie works with prepaid ATT and other carriers.  Now I don't have to purchase a brand new phone every time I must switch carriers.

Very FAST transaction.  Love, Love, Love my new phone. Thank u for such excellent service. :)

For the price of the phone it's not a bad product at all. If you can afford something better I suggest buying a blackberry or an iPhone.

Very disappointed in this item, it came with no manual and no CD , I have purchased 2 prior to this and they came with a instruction book and a CD to download for the computer. Very Disappointed, extremely disappointed.

I live outside the US and the phone worked perfectly with Guatemalan Carriers, it is a great value phone has almos every feature built in other smartphones. the only downside is that it doesnt has wifi, but the browser is very good, you can surf every web page, not only mobile sites.great design not big and bulky like the iphone, its easier to handle when you are speaking.The only downside is that you need to push a litte hard sometimes in order to move things or activate things, i dont know if it is only my case or thats the way the is. I own it now for three weeks and im loving it, and the touchscreen is getting more responsive over time.The phone has a lot of features but at least im gonna mention the ones I like the most.favorite contacts screenit remembers the number you dial or the ones that call you, so it suggests every time you start dialing.nice camerawidgetsgrat music playerup to 8gb micro sdNice phone I highly recommend it.

The LG Kp500 is a very nice phone. I like the design and look of the phone. I love the fact that the phone lets you do multiple things at one time and has an mP3 player. The only problem i have had with the phone is that sometimes it runs slow. i have learned that the less you have on the external memory, the better it runs. i dont know why that is though. i definately like the touch screen. But the headphones that come with the phone are not comfortable. I do reccomend this phone.

A decent phone with basic features and a touch screen BUT many problems:- the touch screen gets worn out very quickly and becomes difficult to deal with after a while- the phone is just generally very flimsy and not durable- the phone would shut down randomly

whenI received this phone in the mail I could not beieve that the instructions were in Polish and there was no stylus included.  I  tried to use the mini CD included and it jammed up my computer so that I had to have it repaired.  I notified Amazon and was told to return it and a different one would be sent. A different one WAS sent but it was exactly like the previous one and so it ALSO had to be returned.  WHAT A LOT OF WORK FOR SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT WORK.How could Amazon have something like this.

Good night, regarding the product I bought, a cell phone, I must say it is a good product, functional, elegant and with a good battery. I advise to buy one of these, now I have it in Peru and has quickly adapted to my daily life.Thanks for reading.

The arrival time couldn't have been quicker. Amazon receives an A+ for their turn-around time.  My daughter loved the desgin of the phone and its' features. When she received the phone, she charged it and it would not work. I set-up a return on-line with Amazon. It was very simple and easy to do. After I submitted my return info, Amazon was already in the process of sending her replacement phone. She received it within 2 days--Amazing! I was ecstatic! No hassels, no worries. She recieved her replacement phone and it worked but the phone is very light. You have to be very careful with this phone or you WILL damage it. The only issue that my daughter had with the phone was that she could not receive or send picture text messages.  Other than that, she was very pleased with it.

tHIS PHONE WAS GREAT AND EVERYTHING UNTIL I DISCOVERED THAT IT COULLD NOT KLAST A DAY. I ONLY USED THE PHONE TO CALL A FEW TIMES WITH THE DURATION OF 5-10 MINS. THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN THE PHONE'S BATTERY IS EITHER ONE BAR LEFT OR FLASHING WHICH MEANS IT IS DYING!!! IT DOES NOT LAST LONG..ALSO THE SENSOR FOR THE TOUCH SETTINGS IS NOT QUITE FAST..SO I GUESS IF YOU ARE NOT IN A RUSH OR YOU DO NOT TALK A LOT ON THE PHONE THIS IS GOOD FOR YOU!!!!

This is a very good phone for the price. I'm very happy with the cookie. I reccomend it.

the phone works great, it has great features for its price, the only missing thing is wifi.

I loved this Phone,. I purchased this for my wife.  and i am happy to see all the functionalities it provides and ease of use.This is the best phone you can get in this range

Pros:- Takes nice pictures (for a phone).- Good sound quality; allows recording of music for ringtones.- Simple and easy to use setup.- Very nice looking screen with nice background images.- Battery has lasted about two years now and still holds a 1.5 day charge.- Thin and sleek looking. Solid build. Casing feels almost rubbery.Cons:- Touchscreen is a bit annoying. I have to use my fingernails to text. Not very sensitive and makes it obvious that the phone is dated.- Phone acts in odd ways at times: I have to turn off and on my phone a lot because it freezes. This happens probably a couple of times a week. Also the alarms sometimes simply do not go off. I've tested this and really they just don't go off, even with the phone in normal, non-silent mode. This has made me late to work SEVERAL times. Very frustrating.- ATTENTION USA CUSTOMERS: I use AT&T; and this phone will not support internet or picture text messages. Be cautious if you wish to use this phone in the USA for internet, email, sending pictures, etc. Check with the seller/manufacturer to make sure.

So I have at&t; and I had the LG Neon for a bout a yea and 2 months and the screen died on me so i got this as a replacement phone. I had that kind of anxiety about whether or not i was gonna choose a good phone and if it would be good atleast out of the box but I was actually pretty happy with this purchase and I'm happier now.The phone basically acts like a smartphone but without the 3G or WiFi which kinda upset me but its a budget phone so you can't be too picky when your on a budget. What i love the most has to be the multitasking. You can listen to music and text at the same time along with a bunch of other things. I love the minimal amount of buttons because of course its a touch screen. And the built in stylus is pretty handy as well.Now i read reviews about bad music quality over the included headphones and touch screen being non responsive. But in my experience the music isn't actually that bad. I'm not the kind of person that craves that brilliant quality so it didn't really matter to me. However, it did surprise me because it really isnt as bad as people say it is. The touch screen might not be as responsive as the Iphone or Itouch but its a standard touch screen, its not that bad either, keep in mind this is a budget phone. I sometimes have problems with the on screen keyboard but its just something i can get used to. I sometimes use the stylus and it works great tht way too.Overall I'm pretty satisfied with my purchase and if the phone fails, well I'll just buy another one since i got this for less than $100. Or atleast until my contract is up at the end of this year :)

the lg kp500 is a good phone compared to others at this priceproblems: take a long time to turn ontexting is hard to dointernet needs to be set upheadphone jack is same has chargercamra is not as goodgood things:cheapdropped many times still workspenmp3 playerradio (fm only)sd card needed or u runi recommend getting this if it is your last option.

I've had this phone for about a month and a half and I'd say I'm rather disappointed.Pros:The phone is aesthetically pleasingMicro SD card slot is a nice featureRelatively scratch resistantFits in a pocket comfortablyUser Interface is pretty straight forwardExternal speakers sound goodThe drawing feature is funCons:Proprietary LG headphonesTexting is unusable, words disappear when using qwerty keyboard modeWriting with stylus is very difficult, you have to write one letter at a time or it will mash everything you write into one letterIt takes a very long time to turn the camera on, so you can forget about pulling your phone out to snap a quick shot of something before it's goneThe touch screen is unresponsive at timesNo multimedia texting in the USThere are no additional apps you could getDocument reader is not user friendlyThe organizer is very "bare bones"Document reader isn't Office 07 compatibleBattery life is mediocre at bestIt's very expensive considering the lack of featuresI understand that this is an unlocked phone that wasn't made for the US market, but this phone is an absolute shame.  It has some nice features, but the negatives far outweigh the positives.  I knew going into it that there was no multimedia texting capability and that the web browser was shoddy, but I was at least expecting to be able to send a text message quickly.  The proprietary LG headphones are also a pain:  they're uncomfortable, the sound quality is mediocre at best, and their durability is questionable.  Make sure to order an adapter or spare headphones, since mine already broke and I have to wait for new ones to come in.If it wasn't for the fact that the touch screen makes this phone almost unusable, I would have happily given it at least 3 stars.  If you text a lot (or at all), don't buy this phone.

I'VE HAD IT FOR 3 WEEKS NOW. IT HASN'T PRESENTED ANY PROBLEMS SO FAR. IT'S A FANCY PHONE, NICE 3 INCHES TOUCH SCREEN. NICE FEATURES TOO. AFORDABLE NICE DEVICE!

cell phone arrived with a charger for British outlets only (the massive 3-prong).A joke to get us Americans to think more globally?Amazon, you are wasting my time!

This is  a beautiful device, so accesible price and you get a lot of functions for a very low afordable price!fully awesome!

Nice phone, but Amazon's info is very lacking in correctness. The phone had a Polish instruction book and Amazon's help with an alternative was pathetic. I finally managed on my own.

I like this phone. Its a bit heavy compared to the iPhone. But its a mini version of an iPhone (like a college version)The only complaint i have would be its kinda hard to scroll down... it gets annoying after a while when u scroll down and accidentally hit something and that screen pops up.

i AM AN OLD LADY WHO NEEDS A SIMPLE CELL PHONE MOSTLY TO PLACE AND RECEIVE CALLS.  I ORDERED THIS PHONE BECAUSE OF ITS PRICE, BUT WHEN I RECEIVED IT I WAS VERY SURPRISED TO SEE THAT THE OWNER'S MANUAL WAS IN polish!  I have contacted Amazon and tried to follow their suggestions, but have not had any luck.  One of the suggestions was to contact the manufacturer and they could not help me.  I have also tried to download a manual on the internet, but it is very complicated and have been unsuccessful.  Any ideas?Stumped in Kiev

This phone is a disappointment. The camera may be the best part. The touch screen is awful and delayed like no other phone i have ever seen. It is not very cool much less useless. Text messaging is impossible considering the phone can hold max. 200 messages. and every time you stop in the middle of a word to think the next letter you type deletes the entire word. it is a huge problem. Also attempting to put any music on your phone is useless considering you cannot transfer music from iTunes to the flash player it uses. Also the phone is extremely small so unless you use the stylist or have very small fingers you will often press the wrong icon. Overall, this phone is terrible and i for phone am not to picky with phones but this is ridiculous.

I am 100% satisfied with both the delivery service and the phone itself. The "international" version does indeed function without any problem outside the US.  Great phone.

I bought this phone for my father.....he actually thought this was a slider but when i got it i reckonize it was not anyhow it is a nice phone but i still prefer Nokia phones

You certainly cannot ask more from a phone at only $99It's true that it is not the best phone out there, but for the price it does the job great.  The touchscreen is just a little slow sometimes but as you get used to the phone it becomes "normal" for the user.  For those who get their batteries to last only 24 hours, decrease the display brightness to 40 and always set it on power save mode and you will get approximately 2 to 3 days without recharging the battery.  Overall good cellphone for the price.  If you want a better phone there are surely a LOT of better cellphones out there but they are also a LOT more expensive.

Unable to use internet. AT&T won't support phone for internet or MMS functions. Tried to program with codes available on the net without success. Cute phone but we also wanted internet capability. Returned and ordered an unlocked Nokia instead.

I have to give this phone a perfect rating. Considering the limited number of prepaid phones T-mobile offers, this is quite the deal. Although it is an international version, mostly sold in UK I believe, and the fact that the manual is in another language, I give this phone a high rating. The touch screen is fantastic, the camera is okay, the music playing system is great, the additional stylus pen (I don't really use it)is okay, and the opportunity to expand memory is unbeatable. The downside is that you can't really use the web or set up an e-mail (no wi=fi), and the phone is a bit slow loading your entire music/pictures, and multitasking is nearly impossible. Regardless, if you want a stylish phone that performs fundamental functions and you have AT&T or T-mobile and want an inexpensive phone, I highly recommend this phone!

Travelling is one of my hobbies and this universal product will help me get in touch with my friends and family in any country I visit.

The LG KP500 is adequate if you are using it primarily for phone calls, email, Web browsing, and text-messaging. However, it does have a few problems/limitations:Touchscreen: This phone uses a resistive touchscreen as opposed to a capacitive touchscreen. The touchscreen isn't very responsive at times, which is a real annoyance. (Capacitive touchscreens, such as those on the iPhone and Blackberry Storm, are more responsive and support multi-touch gestures.)Homescreen: You can only add/remove a predefined set of widgets on the Homescreen: Calendar, Clock/Alarm, Notes, Music Player, Picture Viewer, Social Networking (My Space, Twitter, Facebook), and International Time.Single-Axis Accelerometer: The keyboard doesn't always change to a full QWERTY keyboard when you change the orientation of the phone from vertical to horizontal.Web Browser: Browsing the Web using the built-in Web Browser is a frustrating experience. The links on a page don't load at least half the time when you click on them. The page also takes a while to refresh after it's been scrolled. I downloaded and installed Opera Mini, which works flawlessly.Email: The phone can store only 300 email messages. Once the capacity is reached, you have to delete existing emails from the Inbox in order to retrieve more emails. Deleting emails is a hassle: you have to (1) select and delete emails from the Inbox (deleted emails are then placed in the Deleted folder) and (2) navigate to the Deleted folder and delete the emails again before they are finally expunged.Syncing With Outlook: I am able to sync with Outlook on my PC only through USB, not bluetooth. I get a "Pairing setting is failed while connecting with the device [sic]" error message with bluetooth syncing. The To Do list is barely functional -- there is no way to sort it and the subject field is only about 14 characters wide. Calendar and To Do List are limited to 500 items.FM Radio: The FM Radio only works with the earbuds (included) plugged in. The earbuds use a proprietary LG connector, not a standard 3.5mm audio plug. The sound from the earbuds is tinny.Camera & Video: The camera has no autofocus, much less zoom capability. The camera is best used for close-up shots (distant objects are blurry). The video is very choppy because of the low frame rate (12 fps).---There you have it. The above are some important considerations you might want to take into account before making a purchase decision.

UPDATE - 3-12-2013 - Still have this phone at 3 years and it still works great!To start with, I've had this just one week so far & for basic/casual use only. Will not use it for the 'net & haven't tried the camera yet. Edit 4/15 - I like the camera, it works great & pics are clear, with fun editing options. With that said, I absolutely love this phone! It has the functions I was looking for and more. It has many features all explained in detail in the thick booklet it comes with...thanks to LG...I suggest reading it thoroughly with phone in hand to check it all out. It has lots of -helpful tips- & many features with detailed information.It came with a charger for 100-240v and an adapter that fits well. It's all you need to charge in the US or in other countries. More accessories are included but I suggest -not- trying the screen protector they added separately since it has residue AND it's a bit thick which would make the touch screen less responsive. Also ---> the phone already has a screen protector on it when you take it out the box (the right kind of protector for touch screen), so if you look closely you can tell it's there and no need to remove or replace it. Just wipe clean when needed.This phone looks a lot nicer then it appears in the pic shown. It has good quality hardware and easy to hold on to, not slippery. The touch screen looks really nice & is very responsive & brings up the menu or whatever you need quickly. Mine does anyway, and there are settings for every thing (I do mean every thing) so you can adjust to your preference. Easy, intuitive, & has many features that make it so nice and capable of doing a lot.Edit (4-11-10) -- Someone else reviewed saying they could only listen to music with the headphones, but... that's if you start from the widget. If you access your music from the entertainment section instead, you can play it loud and clear w/o the headphones & the info as well as cover art appears on the screen. :)The side scroll bar takes some getting use to but it works well after practicing a bit. Edit 4/15 - sliding the bar from fingernail works better. The backlights longest time for inactivity is 60 seconds, but you can just press the on/off button once and it will be back on & in the same screen/function you were using. That's all minor stuff imo. I got more then I expected for the current price and with a year warranty from cell concepts (ordering directly from Amazon), it is a great deal in my opinion.I use T-Mobile and pay as you go service. I find this phone to be reliable & -not- a cheap quality cell that the phone companies offer w/o a contract. An unlocked 'non-branded' phone is much better then a phone directly from the phone companies & retail stores. What I mean by non-branded is, for example, AT&Ts; name is not on the hardware, only the manufacturer...like LG is on this phone. I have had an LG flip phone for the past 6 years & it still works, I just wanted to try a newer more functional phone and this one is very nice.

I am extremely happy with this phone.  I have always used a button type phone and was hesitant about buying a touch screen.  I use the stylus alot especially when texting and it is extrememly fast to text now over the old push this button 3 times and push this one twice on the old style phones.  The picture taking is decent not awesome but it is good if you have forgotten your regular camera.  It has a movie mode also, and some cool photo editing software.  The screen is very clear and easy to read.  I had trouble with my Blue Ant working correctly with other phones but it works really well with this one and for the first time people can actually understand me when using it. I have had alot of phones the last one I had was a Razor which I returned, as it was good for nothing.  This one has been great, and I have had it for about 2 months.  I have not used it with an internet service.  I would buy this for a friend if I was looking for a good gift phone

Got this phone and geez was I surprised,it's full of features that you would think would only be found on higher end models.Only problem I had was I did not receive my international GSM card as offered.

This phone works perfectly (GSM). Very fast, nice, good sound, good screen, great pictures and video. Just takes time to learn to manage well the touch keys.Remember that you have many years with conventional keys and can not wait to handle it perfectly in no time. For the time being no default.The best phone for the price and pay.

I ordered this phone when my beloved but ancient Treo finally died. I didn't want to extend my contract with my carrier to get a phone I didn't particularly want, so went the unlocked route. The Cookie stood out quickly, for its look, functionality, and price.I am very, very impressed. It's nearly weightless. The design is sleek and beautiful. The screen is huge, bright, and clear. Sound quality is good. There's a handy button on the earphone cord that allows me to answer or hang up without touching the phone. Texting is easy, particularly once I turned off interpretive typing and discovered the landscape keyboard. The stylus is neatly integrated into the frame, although since I have small hands, I don't always need it (someone with larger hands will find the stylus essential).It has a slew of applications and utilities I haven't yet explored - calendar, memos, music player, FM radio, video, voice recorder, etc. I'm sure they will work well, given how efficiently the basics operate.All in all, this phone is great looking, has a lot of attractive features I wouldn't expect in such a reasonably priced phone, and I'm delighted with my purchase!

I bought this phone in September and it' stopped working and refused to charge by January 1st. It looked cheap and so different from other LG phones.  A cheap china phone sold by amazon. Waste of my money.

Bought this phone for my girlfriend as a bithday gift,and she loves it.First of all the price is awfully nice for a phone of this calliber and stature.This phone has all the bells and wistles you need in a phone unless your looking a phone to do impossible things.You got touch screen,music player,great camera,video playback and all the other goodies, and does not cost as much as the i-phone which is more bulky and overrated. When you compare both phones the cookie out shines the iphone, but if you dont believe me go to [...] and do the comparisson.

I bought this cellphone for my sister to replace her ZN5 and she likes this one way better than her old one. the touchscreen is quite responsive, there are seldom slow downs, the games are decent, camera works fine and the battery life is great. The best part about this is the fact there are so many language options (funny how there isn't any japanese but I guess the japanese don't get to have the option since they have such nicer phones over there anyways) They even have vietnamese on this phone, which was a pleasant surprise for my family. since, go figure, we're vietnamese.

This is an excellent entry-level touchscreen cellphone. It has almost all the desired features: MP3/MP4 (audio/video) playback, organizer, good quality camera, bluetooth, powerful speakers, microSD slot.Some of the shortcomings (which are minor):Cannot change theme (sounds strange, but true, you cannot change the theme)Non-standard (LG-type) USB connector and headphone jack (so you cannot use generally available USB connectors and 3.5" headphones)Batter life could be betterOther than these, the phone is fun to use.

Smart, easy to use, nice. Excellent display and oustanding resolution. I'll recommend you to buy.

The phone is perfect for its price.. i take it out of the box put in the sim card and works like magic! no problem at all (with Orange-Dominican Republic) the only thing i dislike is that sometimes it turns really slow. This phone have a really good design.. stylish!!  Good Camera and good speakers for the music.

I bought the LG KP500 Cookie Unlocked to replace a damaged LG phone.  I have AT&T.  Now I can't send pictures and it doesn't communicate well with my hands-free set in my car (a jabra).  My old LG phone had no problems (not the same model as the Cookie).  When I tried contact LG to ask about the problems I was having..  they told me that they do not service this phone in the US.  I think the phone is sold mostly in Europe.  It came with a U.S. adapter for the charger (the plug looks like a European plug).. so there are some issues with the phone.  Too bad because I like the phone itself.  It's sleek, thin, lightweight and has some nice features (more than my previous LG model). And it has a built-in FM stereo player.. which is nice for the gym if I get tired of my music.  Not sure why Amazon is selling the Cookie to the US market, if it was really designed for the European market.  The compatibility issues are annoying.  Now my car handsfree set is useless.  The Cookie connects to the Jabra hands-free set and then immediately disconnects, so I can't make a hands-free call from my Cookie in the car.  Urgh.

I, like many others who have written a review, chose this phone because it is very cheap for a touch screen. The first thing I like about the phone is that it is really, really, really light weight. It has a good solid feel to the palm and won't suffer that much cosmetic damage. The phone came with a screen protector so that was nice.I didn't want to spend more than a $100 dollars because all I do is text and call people. With that said, if you do not use internet or don't have a data plan, then this is an okay phone. If you do use a data plan, don't even think about buying this phone, it only uses the Edge network and not 3G. The phone came with a pre-installed firmware version 'KP500AT-V10F'. This firmware is pretty damn slow, so I had to flash the phone to the V10G_00 version. All the tutorials can be found on forums or youtube, just search it. With the new firmware, the texting is 10x better and overall speed in navigating through folders is much better as well. SO UPDATE THE FIRMWARE IF YOU GET THIS PHONE! In addition, a huge con is the amount of confirmation popups whenever you change something. For instance, trying to delete your text messages would follow this order: 'Delete selected?' ----> 'Deleting..." ----> 'Deleted'. That is really annoying and unnecessary. The call quality is pretty good, and it's bluetooth ready.The camera is okay when there is a lot of light, if there is no light, the image quality is similar to the 'sepia' effect, yeah, its that bad. Overall, I am satisfied with this phone due to the call quality and price, but the biggest cons are definitely the initial firmware, the processing speed, and lackluster camera quality. As for music, it is loud, but who really uses their phone for an mp3 player. The phone also holds 500 total texts, 250 in inbox and outbox, more or less. All in all, if you don't want to be frustrated with the phone's speed, then update the firmware right when you get it.ALSO: THIS PHONE IS ABLE TO SEND AND RECEIVE MMS, DO NOT LISTEN TO OTHER REVIEWS! YOU HAVE TO CREATE NEW CONNECTION SETTINGS: INTERNET SETTINGS, MULTIMEDIA MSG CENTER SETTINGS, AND A NEW ACCESS POINT. THIS INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND ONLINE,JUST GOOGLE IT.

I bought this phone as a gift, which became a nightmare. THE BATTERY IS SERIOUSLY FLAWED!!!!!!!!!! I can't put enough EXCLAMATION MARKS! It looks like a cheap cell phone, and it is, because of these flaws. I was sent a second after I returned the 1st and it had the same issues. Now they have 2 phones that have issues that will likely be sent to the next purchasers. BEWARE!

This is a very nice phone with great features. It has a rubbery feel to it (doesn't scratch easy) and a beautiful screen. However, if you buy it unlocked for U.S. use, the MMS (picture, mp3 messages) will not work! I was surprised. Everything else works though, even text messages. and also shows world cites times and lots more.

To it's credit, LG makes a reliable product which had good organizational screens.  It's just a lower end model.  As a result, I moved onto HTC for good unlocked service at a slightly higher price.

When I received the package, it looked like new from out. But, after opening I realized that it's been used. The stick was damaged and had scratches on the screen.

I received the phone in good time, charged it up.  Charger is multi-capable, 220VAC/120VAC with adapter for US/International mains receptacles.It is hard to figure out how to use the music player and access the added memory disk.  Headphones work well, however.Menu is a challenge to learn, probably because the phone has so many functions.  I really wanted a Wi-Fi capable phone, with internet and messaging capabilities; as well as one I can change SIM cards for whatever country I am in.  It does part of this, but I think I will miss the Wi-Fi capability.Slim, buzz/hum feature as you activate the soft keys is nice.Sound quality and speaker for hands-free work very well.

I wanted a touch phone for my mother's day and b'day gift...this phone has fulfilled all my expectations and more...the only downside was that the instruction manual came in french...so I had to play with the phone to find and use the features...but a great phone..not too big or heavy as my last phone was

I was really exited when i first got the LG cookiebut it really is not a good mobile phone it will drive you crazy because of the sounds it makes.the Camera is very good though for taking pictures and texting or emailing them to someone and is also good for adding and finding contactsto be honest don't get this phone because i do not like it and I know friends who have it don't like it eitheri will give it 2 out of 10

I got a chance to test drive this device today. I was thoroughly impressed. It has the following applications--1. A good music player -- only downside is that it does not have a 3.5" jack.2. Great organization tools -- calendar, memo, todo with great integration with Outlook3. Very robust windows software for interaction with the device3a. Lets you sync outlook calendar, memo and todo lists, music files, documents and phonebook.3b. Lets you backup software properlyAbout the PC software: I was surprised to find it very robust and did not crash like many other such software I have used before. I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without any issues.I have not had a chance to dive into the internet yet. I will update my review when I get a chance to do so.At the asking price, I think it has excellent value.

Hello everyone. I purchased this phone some 18 months before. I received the phone in promised time. I opened it and start charging it. After the charging was complete i switched it on. The start screen came on and it reads 'No SIM card' inserted. I already had some SIM cards for the phone so i tried all of those. None of those worked. All networks from 800-900 mgh to 1800 mgz. I even try the SIM cards from India as it is an international phone. None of those worked. I wondered that the phone is quad-band and it supports all the carriers and frequencies in the world. I kept the phone to further investigate on things and keep trying for one year. Then i send the phone to India to my friend. As i knew all the solutions are very in-expensive in India. My friend got it unlocked (The phone was advertised as unlocked phone) and he is happy with the phone. I was not surprised with the crappy resolution of the display, as i already knew that this phone is one of the first touch screen phones released. You must know everything about this phone before you buy it. If your friend has one, operate it and check all the features. Than only order this phone. Again, remember this phone is first of new generation phones. It has most of the features but the worst quality. Thanks for reading.



I am very happy with everything except the car charger. With that being such an inexpensive item I didn't report it to the seller. The first time I plugged it in it didn't work, so thinking that I possibly didn't push it in far enough, I pushed it with a little more strength. It then started to smell like it was burning up. And it was.The ph is the best I have ever had. I am in a place that reception is very bad. This ph doesn't get reception perfectly, but it is at least 50% better than any other I have owned. The seller was extremely prompt in sending, and everything was in new condition.I purchased this ph. through amazon, and have always been very happy with any dealings I have had with them. I have purchased several items through amazon and have never regretted doing business with them.

Bought this unlocked phone couple weeks back, and so far no issues. Great buy for $100...

Not a bad phone for the price.  It could easily get an A for a grade if it were not for its very poor battery performance.

Very pleased with the phone and the service provided .Prompt and efficient just as you would expect from Amazon.

The phone works good, but I am having problems with the phone and my computer syncing, the phone charges from my computer, and the computer chims when I plug it in, the software or the interface does not work.

I bought this item on July 17 and it worked fine for about 2 months. Around mid september the usb port started to get loose and within a couple days it completely stopped working. So i tried to file a claim on LG website and they said that the model is no longer supported. So in short, its a dead end phone. If you buy your stuck with it regardless if it works or not unless amazon takes it back within that short window.

its a waste of money because its not compatible with all sims its dumm and retarded dont get it at least from amazonalso it says it has a 3.2-megapixel camera thats a lie when you buy the phone and see the actul camera lens in the back it says 3.0 another liedont buy this product

it was a great phone when i bought it! very nice and easy to use, great price as well! smooth transaction

The phone did not work with T-Mobile as promised. I returned it without any problem less my restocking fee. I don't feel I should have been charged the fee because the phone did not perform as it was described in the information provided on Amazon's site.

This phone was not what I expected. The phone looked very cheap and I could not even get on the internet! Oh and another texting on it was A-NNOYING!

I am using this phone for 1 year, I do'nt like it, its options are not practican and very annoying

This cellphone is better than I thought! great Signal, Sound, images,ECT. this Item is great.

What can I say about the LG Cookie? Well despite it's name it's a formidable phone, with many useful features. The 3.2 megapixel camera is great for taking pictures, and it has many of the standard features of any phone, and including a touchscreen and included stylus. My favorite part of the phone however, is the built-in FM radio for an unlimited supply of music(a handset comes included). The games included are also pretty good and it comes with two home screens, one for normal gadgets (organizer, clock, sticky notes,etc) and another for quick access to certain contacts.Now the bad...the only thing that stopped me from giving this small and stylish phone any more stars is the sluggish touch screen. It isn't well calibrated and sometimes takes a few moments to get from page to page. Note that I'm not even talking about using this device on the internet.Overall, this phone isn't bad. It's a slightly over average phone, with a few useful tools. I wouldn't recommend this for an average phone user, but someone with experience in using cell-phones at least.Required Disclosure: (The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)

o.k. where do i start. it won't hold a charge. it will not fully charge at all. i know this because i charge it in the mornings and by afternoon it is blank and will not turn back on. the battery indicator shows it is dead if you can actually get it to turn on long enough to verify. then when you attempt to charge it indicates full after 5 minutes. Strange Right. And the stylus handle broke the very first instance i tried to remove it. This is a BAD PHONE. I normally won't ever say this concerning an amazon purchase. but i want my money back. this phone is useless.

After I bought it from amazon after 6 weeks, it stop working properly. Party on other side of phone can hardly hear anything I talk. I have to return it. Waste of time and half of the money.

The phone arrived a couple of days before it was due, a good effort as this was an international delivery.  A small problem with the manual was very quickly sorted by their service desk. The phone worked well out of the box and provides everything I need

BLUF: Phone is as promised and strongly recommend if it has what you need. No learning curve on using it.I ordered one of these for my daughter originally and she fell in love with it and so did her friends. She originally wanted a Iphone, but I didn't want to switch carriers an didn't want to risk a getting one for her that someone unlocked as we don't live in the same area... Now this is in no way like the Iphone, but it does all she really wanted, text, internet (infrequently) and most of all a touch screen with a qwerty keypad. She love the phone so much that I played with it and fell in love with it myself! My work has Tmobile and is very cheap with getting us the actual phone, for that mater I have had the same work phone for over 6 years! Not only was the battery for my work phone bad, I could not find a replacement battery as it was so old. So I bought one of these Cookie unlocked phones and I like it almost as much as my personal Nokia smartphone that I paid twice as much for! Phone is very user friendly, except for setting up some of the features such as internet, but once that is done you're done. So far I have had no trouble with either of the two phones and so far have exceeded my (and my daughters) expectation.

This phone is fantastic for my needs ...Touch screen has a spectacular, fast...You can access the menu in a fun way, the camera is sharp .. VERY GOOD

This phone seems to have a bit of a design flaw.  The proprietary charging/headphone connector can malfunction, causing the phone to become stuck in headset mode.  So the phone will not make *any* external sound whatsoever.  No ringing. No voice. No games. No music.  Just use your favorite search engine and look up KP500 no sound.  This appears to be a fairly common issue.  Ours broke after only 2 months of extremely light use.

It is a decent price, and good phone overall.  Nice interface and features.  The phone is also very light and thin, which for me personally is a plus.There is a screen protector that came with the phone, which is great.  However, the screen protector make the touch screen slightly insensitive.  Also, the QWERTY keyboard is not great for texting at all, or maybe it just needs some time to get used to it.  the keys are a bit small, so I get a lot of mistakes, and take forever to do one text.Some of the settings are not easy to find, but overall, i like the phone.

don't get me wrong.. i do love the phone but hate that i can't use anyone except at&t or t-moooblie.. if i knew that before i got it i wouldn't of..plus i didn't get a english book it was french...guess my fault since i didn't look more into it.. but you too should have a better understanding to it... i wouldn't ever get another phone for sure..thanks

I'm very pleased with ky kp500. The phone is very stylish and works really well. i love the mp3 it holds all of my music with i use as ringtones. The video camera is awesome.

I bought this phone to replace a Windows Mobile phone that broke when I dropped it. I have had the phone for about a month and so far I have been impressed with the features. Here's the pros and cons in a nutshell.Pros:- Syncs with PC and MS Outlook so I was able to load my contacts and calendar quickly.- Screen is bright and has good resolution.- Light weight and slim- The camera is nice but don't expect it to replace your point an shoot.- Fairly easy to figure out.- Plug and play - I added my T-Mobile sim and was up and running in minutes.Cons:- The manual that came with it is in polish- Not a lot of support for US customers- You have to buy your accessories online.- The head set is not very good- the sync port is unique so you can't use just anyone's cables for it.For the price you can't beat this phone. Touch screen, blue-tooth, speaker, PC Sync, camera, micro SDHC, light and slim.

I ordered this phone and never recieved it...I previously ordered the same phone months prior and it works fine. Battery life could be longer though...

I purchased the LG cookie about 2 months ago and I have to say that it exceeded my expectations in terms of the features. However, I was not prepared for the short battery life. Do remember that the protective film reduces the touch sensitivity and that takes a bit of getting used to. I also have not figured out how to get the phone not to "lock" so quickly. It locks in the midddle of conversations and it takes a while to unlock it and look for information. The expandable memory feature is very useful as the phone itself does not have much storage capacity. Definitely worth the money so far.

I received my shipment very fast, and am very please with this phone,once you get used to the functions you will love it, the battery life is also good. Nothing to complain about, It has a nice finish but place a silicone covering on it in case it drop.

Muy buen producto, satisfecho totalmente, muy buen precio, y acorde con las caracteristicas propias del Telefono, funcional y practico, es lo que esperaba.Very good product, completely satisfied, very good price, and in accordance with the characteristics of the Telephone, functional and practical, what I expected

Its been six months since i bought this phone i am absolutely vexed with this one. Calls keep dropping with this Cell, Headphones are very brittle and so is the charger, the call clarity is not great, Its hard to work with its touch screen. Its an absolute NO NO from me if you ask my advice.There are hardly any good things worth mentioning

agradezco de verdad su ayuda para la compra de este producto,segun el banco emisor, hay problemas de comunicacion con la pagina de amazon, por eso a sido dificil concluir la trans&aacute;ci&oacute;n, por favor indiquen otrs alternativas de como puedo adquirir el producto a la brevedad posible, ya que es un regalo para navidad.graciasagustin avenda&ntilde;oCaracas-Venezuela

I don't have this phone anymore but I was in love with it when I first got it in 2010. It died in 2012 in a rain puddle but was a great first sort of smart phone and touch screen phone. Had a lot of glitches but worked good enough.  Now they make much better touch screen phones though ;)

I can not set my own new pin code because nowhere tell me the initial pin code.

This was my first time buying an unlocked phone, but everything worked perfectly!  All I had to do was insert the SIM card.

This phone is very unreliable. It is prone to freezes where the phone simply stops responding and the only solution is to remove the battery. It also frequently shuts down when I attempt to use one of its functions.The problem has gotten so bad that I can no longer rely on the phone as a communications device.Save your money and lower your frustration level by looking elsewhere for a new phone.

It is very responsive and looks great. It should not be compared with smartphones. It can even read 8gb SDHC card easy and fast.

Hi people, i live in Costa Rica and this phone works so GOOD!!!, His design and apps are awesome.I love it!!!!

This has been a good, reliable phone with a nice battery life so far.  It looks like an iphone with enough function to use, but not expensive. only thing I must mention is when you move the touch screen it is slower then iphone. BUT it is unlocked, so you can use it everywhere. this LG cookie KP500 is my  favorite cell phone, I like it so much. I will buy again.

I was crushed when this phone stopped working. The screen stopped responding. There should be a way to fix it via the internet. I miss it, it was great. I still have it should there be a way, that someone could inform me

I purchased this phone in December 2010 all is well with the phone except that all MY CONTACTS have dissappeared.  i tried deleting all and re-entering them and the phone is not allowing me to do such.  could anyone advise what could be the problem here??????/ Otherwise i will be forced to return the phone.

the screen size is a little too small therefore, the included stylus can be quite useful for writing text messages. the screen is super fragile so be sure to place the screen cover on it right away. the speaker phone is quite loud but the reception is not too great.

Bought this phone in Spring 2011 in the US.  The phone died by Fall 2011 - the screen just went blank and the power on button does nothing to restart the phone.  Found this phone is sold only in the Indian market and so has little support in the US.  Apparently this is a common problem with this model and there does not seem to be any remedy for this.  Otherwise it had nice features and was pretty easy to use.

The cellphone arrived promptly in like new condition.The screen protector has kept the the screen unmarked,while still sensitive to touch.Battery life is extremely good.In all very pleased.

- Overview: if you are looking for a very nice phone that could just replace your small appointments notebook, and you don't need wifi, GPS, applications, etc., this phone provides an excellent value.- On-screen keyboard: you will need to have a little patience at first with the onscreen keyboard, but you get used after some days. You can choose between a full keyboard or the small one, and you can also activate T9 predictive text in several languages. After some practice, you can write pretty fast (as fast as any iPhone user).However, if you have big hands you may need to use the included pencil for more precision.- Usability: colors are great. It has very good usability, and well organized screen menus.- Battery: the phone needs a charge every three or four days, approximately (take into account I'm not a heavy user).- Size and weight: the right size (not too small, not too big), and very low weight.- Call reception: I'm presently using T-Mobile in DC. I have always good reception, more than the one I get with my motorola/AT&T; work cell pone. No dropped calls so far.After a couple of weeks with it, I'm really happy and highly recommended it.

Yes, it is fancy and we like it. However, the power uses out so fast that it needs to be charged everyday.

Celular barato, que vale lo que le precio pide 99$, puede leer PDF sin instalar nada extra aunque igual es incomodo por el tamano, lo que se podria mejorar ,,,entrada para audifonos regular y un mejor modem ya que navega a maximo 48 kbs...Sirve en Costa Rica sin ningun problema

I only buy unlocked cell phones and simply drop in my prepaid SIM card. The Speaker in my Motorola L7 was going bad and I had to  use the speakerphone setting just to hear the phone normally. So I was looking for a slightly better, more sophisticated phone. A semi-smart phone. This Cookie fit the bill perfectly. Its only slightly larger than the Motorola L7 and actually fits in the L7's case. I was apprehensive about buying this phone because it received a few really bad reviews. I took a chance and I'm GLAD I did. The only complaint I have is, in order to answer the phone several separate finger strokes are required. The instructions could be better but are for the most part adequate. The phone is fairly easy to navigate and intuitive. The camera isn't to bad (I haven't used the video yet). My only big complaint is if you store your phone book info in the phone as well as the SIM Card the phone book info is listed twice on the phones display. I would like to have WI-FI but I knew this feature was missing. I don't have a data plan so I can't say how well it surf's the web or how easy or difficult it is to read your eMail. I paid $133.00 for this phone and one week later it went on sale AGAIN for $99.00. Im very pleased with this phone even though I paid $34.00 more than I could have if I had procrastinated. You can listen to your music using the built in speaker, however if you use the radio feature you'll need to use the supplied earbuds because the antenna is in the earbud wire. Its a nonstandard plug, BTW. I now need reading glasses and you can magnify your "Phonebook" which is convenient but sadly none of the other displays can be enlarged. I've taken pictures of my family and friends and assigned their photos to their phone numbers ( the instruction book is weak on describing this feature) so when they call their picture pops up on the display. I would definitely buy this phone again.

I purchased this phone for my son for Christmas..I like it so much that I am thinking of getting the same one in pink..The phone works with t-mobile sim cards and is very easy to use..I like the touch screen and apps...It is a great phone..

This phone is great for the value. I am using it in Argentina without any problem at all. I just changed the SIM card for a local one , and bingo it worked right away.

I have recently bought this phone and loved it. The touch screen works great and the phone itself is overall amazing. The texting key board does take some getting use to. But after a few days i was texting faster than ever. I have NO regrets of buying this phone and i believe this is one of the best phones i will ever have.

I've had this about a month now on the ATT network and it works w/o a glitch. It comes with a screen protector. I find it necessary to use the attached stylus when navigating page up/down on the menus and when I need to write something as my finger would hit the wrong buttons. One annoyance is the automatic screen lock as soon as a dialed call is answered. I have to unlock it in order to use the speaker phone or the key pad. Also the speaker phone volume is kinda low and it's hard to understand what's being said when using the speaker while driving.There are also LG fan websites carrying other apps and games and I was able to install some new things w/o problems (after running a virus check on the downloaded material).I don't use it a lot to bother me, but the camera quality is poor. Even after fiddling with some settings, pictures come out clear but blue toned.

I am using this for 1 month now. Looks good. Works great.Pros.: Looks good, slim & sleek. Not too many applications but there are lot of apps in the web to download.Cons : Camera is not so great. I won't say photos are crystal clear. Voice mail alert displays even if you already check the message. May be a bug. It disappears after a while.If you are looking for a sleek touch phone this is good.

this is a good buy and a good phone, only thing is I got the international version and can not set the browser to go on the internet. contacted the vendor(unlockcellphonekings) via e-mail on the 12-10-2010 and have not even gotten any reply to my inquiry for help to set the browser or just send me a copy of a manual in english bec. the one i got have it in polski( i think  this is polish ). I suggest get a U.S. version.

this was my first touch screen phone, and i was super duper excited. it was a phone that had been raved about in my country about a year before i bought it. it did take a while for me to get used to it since it wasn't the same type of touch screen as that of an apple product. you have to press relatively hard on the screen for it to work, which was inconvenient whenever i was in a hurry. it is also pretty delayed and tends to freeze up while i'm texting. the entertainment on this phone was stupid too. it had boring games (probably set at the difficulty for a three year old), and my picture messaging wouldn't even work even though i had a data plan. despite all these problems i had with this phone, i'm still giving it three stars. it's the first phone that's lasted me for the whole two year contract!

Great little device it is small and easy to use it is exactly what i paid for

This phone is nothing short of amazing!  I'm a huge skeptic of touch screen phones, but this is nothing I expected, thankfully.  I've had the phone for about 2-3 weeks and it hasn't failed me at all.  The touch screen configuration works excellent for making on-screen buttons that you press accurate. It's not too small or too big (a little smaller than an Itouch). The memory slot for a 4g is phenomenal.  It allows me to put as much information as I'd like, without effecting the internal memory, or decreasing the performance of the device. The ringer volume is Very Loud (I can hear it on the first floor when I'm on the second in my home). The radio is crystal clear and from the apps to the natural functions of the device, it is surprisingly fast.I have T-Mobile and their devices usually don't have good coverage in different areas.  This phone, actually has a stronger coverage area and I can get signal better than on my associate's G1.  Where he looses signal, I still have full strength.  The battery life is impressive, especially the feature that saves battery power when the phone isn't in use.  It also holds great signal when synced to a Bluetooth headset.The only flaw I found is that I wasn't able to access the full capabilities of the internet browser.  I can only access Yahoo.  Then again, I don't have internet in my plan so this particular feature is open to interpretation of other users lol.LG KP500:  5/5

I liked the cell phone!Unfortunately it came missing the headset!I live in another country, then I will not get what's missing!

Great phone for the price especially in Brazil.  Both phones worked without any issue and have not had any problems yet with them.  I bought the phones in November of 2010.  The reaction time from when you tap on a function on the screen is a bit slow but nothing you cannot live without.

Nice and cheap phone. It has many features (no need to list). BUT after a while I regret my purchase because it is not handy. Now it is even painful to write a message or make a call. The terrible touch-screen ruins it all.For people that does not care this problem, it is a good phone with good price.

I brought the phone in October no problems yet great touch screen phone w/ nice features.  The radio sounds good the  stero headsets are a plus and games graphics are clear.  The camera picture color quality not that vivid.  Like all touch screen phones you have to make sure the phone is locked.

I was looking for a decently priced unlocked cell phone; this was my decision. However, after several months of usage, I can confidently say that it is NOT a good phone. It is not worth its price by far:1. Very low sensitivity on the keyboard. It has a cheap quality touch screen. Really bad.2. Extremely slow in its operation.3. Low volume, especially on speaker phone mode.4. email and internet functions are basically impossible to use.I am a very modest buyer, not that demanding, and my honest advice is for you to not buy this product.

Me causa gracia leer los "reviews" de personas que lo comparan con tel&eacute;fonos de + $250!Por su precio es un tel&eacute;fono que cumple con lo necesario.Yo tengo tres d&iacute;as de usarlo intensivamente y esto es lo que he experimentado:ANTECEDENTES DEL USUARIO:Este es mi tercer tel&eacute;fono y el primero con pantalla t&aacute;ctil. En realidad quise probar con un tel&eacute;fono m&aacute;s econ&oacute;mico para saber si me iba a poder acostumbrar especialmente porque me comunico bastante por mensajes de texto.El uso principal que doy al tel&eacute;fono es para hacer y recibir llamadas, intensivo mensajes de texto y ocasionalmente conectarlo al stereo de mi carro para usarlo como USB.PROS:* Definitivamente el precio es su principal atractivo para ser un "touch phone"* La calidad gr&aacute;fica realmente me gusta* Los men&uacute;s de opciones son f&aacute;ciles de usar* El reproductor de m&uacute;sica es intuitivo y* el tama&ntilde;o del tel&eacute;fono se siente c&oacute;modo en la mano* la opci&oacute;n te teclado QWERTY y T9 tienen respuesta r&aacute;pida al "teclear"* La bater&iacute;a es duradera (claro depende del uso)* Tiene stylus* El bluetooth funciona bien con mis Motorola S805 BT headsetCONS:* El manual de mi tel&eacute;fono ven&iacute;a &uacute;nicamente en idioma Checo* El radio no funcion&oacute; (aunque no lo uso ser&iacute;a bueno que todas las aplicaciones funcionen)* No hay un sitio en internet para descargar aplicaciones, manuales, rigtones, etc.* El browser es inc&oacute;modo y poco eficaz* el visualizador de documentos es un poco lento cuando contiene im&aacute;genes* La conexi&oacute;n OBEX es lenta* No tiene conector de 3.5 mm para aud&iacute;fonos* La c&aacute;mara es una completa basura!RESUMEN:Para las personas con necesidades b&aacute;sicas y que a la vez quieren un tel&eacute;fono que luzca moderno y que no castigue tu billetera esta es una buena opci&oacute;n.

The battery life its too short, I bought this item for my wife, and she must charge the battery daily, and the she only speak a few minutes on a daily basis. A new battery should have more power life.Please notice that you can't view you tube videos if you have an internet plan, since this cell phone does not allow you.If you are looking for a smart phone, spend a little more and buy HTC, Iphone or BB.Also, you must buy a power adapter, since the connector has been made for Europe.

i bought this LG for my sister. and she's lovin it.  what more do i want ??

the phone is pretty neat. does not have some features i personally like and will keep it for a back up phone. so as always, ROCK ON :))

This cheap cell phone does work as advertised... but it is not, of course, a smart phone. As said, this unit does what it is supposed to do but it has a terrible problem... battery life is terrible!!!! I own three of this things and all of them work for just a day and after that they need a complete charge!!! At least it looks pretty. I recommend you better go for a cheap 3g phone without touch screen.

I travel frequently back to the UK so this phone works great for me. It is quad-band and GSM phone which means it has a removable sim card that I can use a pay as you go sim card when I go back to the UK, and then switch it back while back in the US. Unfortunately your limited to AT&T; or T-Mobile in the US as the other carriers don't use GSM phones, not sure why?.  The phone itself which I bought in the UK has an adapter for 110/220v for charging in other countries which is a nice touch from LG (I once fried a US adapter by plugging it into a UK socket, duh!). It comes with a screen protector and the casing feels nice and not too cheap. The touch screen itself is bright and easy to navigate and the inclusion of a stylus that fits in the base of the phone makes it very handy when texting. The phone houses a slot for a micro SD card up to 8gb, which is ample for mp3's and photo's or video's. I don't like that you have to use the supplied headphones in order to listen to music as they aren't that good and would have preferred the ability to use third party phones.Camera quality isn't that great, but like most phone cameras the quality is grainy, I only use it rarely as I have a good quality digital camera for that.  Overall it's a great little phone that is considerably cheaper and less bulkier than the i phone. And if you need accessories then eBay is the place to go, I picked up a great leather case that fits perfectly, and a car charger. I have had the phone now for 7 months and am pleased with it so far.Update: I recently flashed the phones firmware to the latest version which is V10n and the phone is so much better.The touch screen works a lot better than before and the slide bar can now be used without having to press hard.The firmware install is a little tricky and can only be done on a windows operating system, but is well worth the time as the phone's performance is so much better. Do a search for KP 500 firmware v10n update.

I purchased this phone at a price $102 on 1st Jul, received it on 3rd which is simply great. No issues with the touch screen as others have pointed out. The cell phone itself is very light weight and slim as compared to other phones having similar specs. It has been over a week now and I am very pleased with the performance of this phone.PROS :- Lightweight and slim- Touchscreen works absolutely fine.- Speaker volume is sufficient.- International support (using it in Asia..)CONS :- Camera could have been better.- Not recommended for messaging.I have previously owned a Samsung phone which had a 1.3 MP camera and the results were 5 times better than the 3.2 MP camera of this LG KP500 phone. I guess you get what you pay for. But above all this is a great touch screen phone for a price around $100 that I bet you cannot beat. When I started stalking this phone on Amazon, the price was $84 but $100 is still very cheap for a touch screen phone.

This is an international model, so LG USA could not help me with any questions.  The phone will not sync with a Mac or windows machine.  I have a nice 3rd party sync program on a Mac and it would not work with the phone.  The LG website is not user friendly with support and software issues.  I had hoped to use the contact, calendar and music features.  I do not recommend purchasing this phone due to lack of support and functionality.

This is a pretty good phone. The phone sound quality is very good. The touch screen works well. Once in a while the touch screen takes a few seconds to become responsive. When turning from "phone style" touch screen to full key touch screen; once in a while I have to turn the phone on it's side (turning it is the normal procedure) and give it a little shake. The video and still camera both work well. The battery life is about average. The phone is typically on stand by or used for texting and the battery will last for 3 days. I have not used any of the internet features, so I can't comment on them.I would buy this phone again...

You need to do these 3 settings-1. Menu - Settings - Connectivity - Access Points - Add Access Point = Media Net, GPRS, PAP, [...], CINGULAR1, wap.cingular2. Menu - Settings - Connectivity - Internet profile - Add profile = Media Net, ON, 066.209.011.061, 9201, Media Net3. Menu - Communicate - Messaging - Settings - Multimedia message - Multi msg centre - Add New = Media Net, [...], Media NetAbove guide collated from various points/forums across the internet, I have AT&T; without internet and this got me going on picture texts.As for my review, I like this phone it does work great, yes the proprietary earbuds are a pain, but I don't use them have Itouch for music. The other pain is battery life, the life drains out of this one FAST. Needs charging EVERY day, no skipping on this one, I don't know what is running on this phone, and maybe someone has the answer, possibly as I use bluetooth when driving so is always turned on?Touch pad is nice, don't need the pointer unless you have very heavy fingers.Overall I like but with above provisos, poor battery being the main one.**Having fixed the MMS setting battery life is much better, can only think it was constantly trying and failing to send before, thereby draining the battery. Since fixing the settings battery life will last 2 days on light/medium use.

I bought it for my MOM, she's over 50 and she loves it, I'm 30 and I don't like it but she does, so, great phone!!

This LG KP500 phone works well as far as phone and text messaging is concerned.  However, picture taking is not good quality and I never tested the video.  Mostly the browsing capability of this phone is the poorest of all.  The touch does not work well.  Even when you use the stylus, you can make the screen move.  Furthermore, although you can make the browser larger, it does not always work.  The writing is too small when you browse it is not readable.  I find this phone not user friendly and does not have everything I am looking for in a phone.  For the price that I paid for it, I am not satisfied.Also the most important thing is that, because it is an unlocked phone, you are taking a risk.  Some of the features do not work and also you will not get AT &T; or any other service provider to service your phone.  Good luck in finding a place that will service it for you.  The LG manufacturer will tell you also that they can't help you.Bottom line, if you are in the US, this is a high risk buy.  I do not recommend this phone.  There are more troubles and problems with it than it's worth.

It was funny that I did not find any of the negatives as described in the reviews. Some of them work to my advantage to me. e.g.The phone locks when not in use. No problem. On simple touch and it opens. The drawing pad and handwriting recognition took a little practice but I am getting there.  Unfortunately the price went down after I bought mine and kept dropping. Can I get a rebate??I like the phone, so easy to use, cute and sturdy too.Try it for yourself and dont't listen to the complainers.

I purchase the LG KP500 Cookie Phone in April of 2010. One year later this phone has been nothing but a piece of junk. I was so excited about getting the phone. The touch screen has always been slow to respond once touched. The touch screen is currently inoperable which doesn't allow me to use the phone. I haven't used the phone in 2 months and when I turned it back on thinking just maybe the touch screen would respond...nope...this found is dead.I never like to spend my hard earn money on a product that doesn't last 1 good year.

Pros: Good design, stylish, cheap as compared to other touch screen phones in this category, good voice clarityCons: Lack of 3G, difficult to set an email account, less intuitive, touch screen less responsive(have to press the screen a bit), cameraOther Thoughts: If you want a touch screen cell phone below $100 then go for it.LG KP500 Cookie Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera and Digital Media Player--International Version with Warranty (Black)

On opening the box up I found that the instructions are in Russian!  It has therefore made it somewhat difficult to work out how it all works and weeks later I am still finding out!

I saw the negative review count and read some. Amazon should give us the ability to flag reviews that are irrelevant and sometimes stupid... I mean one guy complained (in Spanish) his didn't arrive by Christmas time....Touch sensitivity- Its fine. If you think its insensitive you might be the weakest person on earth. They also make less sensitive phones for a reason, you don't want your pocket making calls to china.User friendliness- Every icon represents the app or directory correctly, its also easy to change the settings. If you have problem with this you might have a severe case of ADD or have never used a cellphone before. Butterfingers as well.Response time- If you have complaints with the response time, go be a Jedi, you probably can see things before they happen.messaging and calling- all that is expected of a phone.From what I've used, I have no complaints for this phone.For those who wrote those negative reviews. This phone might have been bad before but now (2011) Its good, your reviews shouldn't hinder other people from a good phone or in my case waste an eff load of time deciding.

The phone is good and looks more functional. I sent this phone to India as a gift and heard back from them that it is functioning smooth. The only thing I noticed on receiving the product is that it is made in China. The phone looks cheap and the plastic is little rugged. For the physical appearance it is crap and I don't like to use it in person.Use of keyboard and function keys are easy to use. Touch screen sensibility is good. Only problem I found is that when you turn the phone horizontally, screen is not aligning to that. This feature is more common in any other touch screen phones. Overall, I can rate the phone as:1. Appearance: 1 star2. Sensibility to touch: 5 stars3. Usability: 5 stars4. Functionality: 5 stars5. Working globally: 5 stars6. Works in India: yes, 5 stars7. Material: 1 star8. Recommend: If style is not your passion, then yes.

NICE PHONE OVERALL EXCEPT THAT THE TOUCH SCREEN DOES NOT WORK AT TIMES BUT OTHERWISE IT'S OKEY.

I really liked the small size but that's where it ends.  The battery didn't hold much power. It required recharging after less than 8 hrs of mostly sittng. I maded a few phoned calls and was surprised to learn that it needed charging. I couldnlt text to a couple of #s. The error msg I kept getting said "exceeded the allowable numbers." Yet I was able to text others.  After 2 wks of use, I couldn't recharge the battery at all. Amazon.was great w/ the return so I'm fine there.

LG KP500 Cookie is a very nice phone its easy to use and not bulcky. The only problem is that the PC Suite would not work and you can't get updates online. But the phone works well.

This has to be one of the worst cell phones ever made! It is a piece of junk. Please, please, do not move near it. Do not ever buy it. It is claimed to be a smartphone and in my opinion, it is not even a low-end phone. I wish I could rate it with no stars because it does not deserve any stars. This phone is terrible in its operations, even when you change settings, it keeps operating as though you never made any changes. It is a very, very user-unfriendly phone. The particular phone that was sent to me periodically stops receiving cell phone network signals even though I live where the signals are otherwise very strong and other subscribers have strong network signals. I have tried to return the phone but the seller from which I purchased it makes it very difficult to return merchandise, once purchased. All in all, my decision to buy this phone is one of the worst decisions of my life and I am very unhappy about it. Save yourself grief, stay away from this piece of junk!**SELLER UPDATEThe seller(GSM shop) eventually contacted me and offered to take back this product as well as pay for shipping and the phones were sent back to GSM shop and our money was refunded promptly, along with the shipping costs.

this phone a month ago, and until this day, I'm still very pleased to have made this purchase, I can not talk about the features of this phone, because I use it to communicate virtually, so in that respect is like I am evaluating.

It's a good little phone if you just want a basic little phone. I use it mostly just for a camera and for the music player, but it does a lot more than that. The only downside is that it doesn't have a normal headphone outlet do you have to buy an adapter or specialized headphones that you can only find online. That and the headphone outlet and the charger outlet are the same thing so you arn't able to charge the phone and listen to pusic at the same time. Besides that, it's a good little 2G phone.

I bought this phone gift for my Brother so i took with me to Turkey,But as soon he start to use this phone, on half day Battery died sometime he has to charge the battery 2 or 3 time a day,,so we find up battery is no good,so we have to buy new Battery,and he get second problem every call he get he can't hear any one,he decide not use this phone anymore,just waste of money

This is a really nice phone, that's almost a steal at this price. Everything feels feels pretty snappy and responsive. It has a really sleek and sophisticated feel to it.Pros: Easy customization, bright clear screen. Stylus can be used to write notes directly on screen which is converted to text for storing quick notes or sending SMS messages.Cons: On screen keyboard seems better suited to those with smaller fingers. For those with larger hands, I recommend using the stylus. No flash on camera is a definite disappointment. Touch screen sometimes requires a firm press to activate certain options. The PC Sync software that came with the phone could be better.

This is without a doubt, the worst product I have ever purchased from this website. Not only did the phone not work with my network like the seller said it would, but the day after I received it in the mail it stopped working. It would not connect to the internet and it wouldn't allow me to make any outgoing calls. You might be saying; "Well, why didn't you return it for a refund?" I tried! I spent 11 days with that stupid package by the door waiting for ups to come pick it up like the return policy said to do. And when ups didn't show i decided to try to contact the seller directly. Email. Phone calls. I couldn't get a hold of somebody to save my life.In summary because of this purchase i will never again order anything from this seller. Also, i purchased a phone through amazons competitor eBay, and i received the phone in 4 days without hassle. So considering that i probably wont ever purchase anything from amazon again either.thank you and have a nice day

I bought this phone based on the reviews on amazon but was very disappointed with the product.  This phone is not at all user friendly.  The touch screen is a joke ..... does not respond well even with the included stylus.  The menu is not at all user friendly.  It takes a lot of reading and navigation to figure out simple features/functions.  The phone keeps adding widgets on its own on the home screen and to get rid of it is a real pain.  One has to read through manuals and search the web on how to clean up the home screen.  The battery charge is not that great either.  Don't waste your money on this product.

2 major dissapointments, first battery life... not more than 48 hours... second the battery seems to be somewhat small for the the phone, so when you apply pressure to the phone on certain possitions the phone turns off... i fixed this by putting a little piece of paper so it could press the battery toward the contact...the phone itself is very nice... i like the feel of it and how it looks, also the price is very good, its a real international phone (i use it in Costa Rica with no problems), and it has a lot of functions that many phones in this price range do not have. Looking forward to buy a better battery.

I ordered this phone in Sept, thinking I would be able to browse the internet and access the T-Mobile browser, media player etc. After several failed attempts to open the browser, T-Mobile finally had to send a 'fix' to the phone that would allow internet access, as much access as was possible for this Euro designed phone. I was only able to view some pages but could read my e-mail, that's it. No watching you tube or any videos, no listening to AOL Music or other streaming media. I mentioned this to Vibe Cellular, the internet access problem, they suggested calling t-mobile and LG for assistance, which did help fopr what it was worth. I bought this thinking it was FULLY compatible with T-Mobile...I figured, what the heck, who needs internet anyway...The phone came with a round prong charger (European 50 cycle type), with no adapter. I ordered a separate charger (through Amazon) which didn't fully charge the phone.I also didn't receive the 8gb card which I ordered and paid for. I instead received a 2gb card. Both of these issues were later resolved by Vibe Cellular after I contacted them.When the phone was able to receive a full charge more issues began showing up.The phone locked after appx.15 seconds of being idle. I repeatedly changed the settings to allow 1 minute(this was the longest time available in options), but the phone didn't change, it still locked up after a few seconds.I also had trouble sending and receiving messages. I contacted T-Mobile and thought that the issue was solved after taking appx.  30 minutes and 2 different T-Mobile agents to figure out how to fix it.I couldn't always send messages, sometimes I could but... can't explain other than to say that there was no rhyme or reason for this? I would send a message to someone, be in conversation, then all the sudden an error appeared???I began getting an ERROR 15 notification, maybe a dozen times a day ?I am not sure if all of the notifications were the same because my screen wouldn't unlock in time for me to read them?I only Know that I was constantly hearing the ERROR notification (the ones that I did get to read indicated delivery errors had occured, "message couldn't be sent")I would continually get more notifications asking if I wanted to continue to attempt to 're-send' the message.I hit the 'cancell' option but it didn't do any good. A few minutes later I would see that option again, and more than likely I would 'cancel' again...If you like going in circles, this is the phone for you !!!Also the screen became increasingly harder to 'wake' up or navigate.I would use the stylus because my fingers would sometimes hit the wrong button, even though I calibrated the screen more than once or twice.very frustrating to try to scroll down your contact list when the page won't move with your finger and you end up hitting the wrong contact...this is why I thought the stylus would help, but I was wrong. I would use the stylus to push the 'down' arrow but the screen wouldn't acknowledge the touch...It got to the point that I didn't even attempt to call anyone from the contact list, unless they happened to be on the first page!I guess the phone forced me into memorizing a lot of phone numbers...The screen also required more force to operate. A simple touch wouldn't always work.The new 8gb card was nice. I downloaded a bunch of music. BUT, Here is another issue.I like to set my phone up so that each of my contacts has a different song. The phone allowed this only a small percentage  of the time.I didn't understand that either, since All of the music was in the same format and all appeared to be fine when I editted the ringtones... but when the contact called, a different (default) ring tone would play...but not on every one, some of the sounds I actually applied...yeah...this COOKIE had some big crumbs...Finally.I was working last week when I heard the phone (which was safely stowed in it's protective holster at my side) giving the usual beep alerts, probably ERROR 15, but who knows ???When I was able to I pulled the phone out to check the alerts.To my surprise the LCD front looked very weird with lines all through it.As I put my finger on it to 'wake it' 'unlock it', the screen image looked as if my finger was breaking a glass. There were lines all through it and impossible to read anything !!!The good news is, it still receives calls !!!I contacted Vibe Cellular, but this was their response. (keep in mind that I didn't get the right charger or the larger 8gb card until many weeks after originally receiving this junk phone...It's funny that the ERROR 15, and other ERRORS, didn't really show up until I began using the 'correct' charger which charged the phone 5 x's better that the old one, and added the 8gb card...could this be why they weren't shipped originally?I was at minimum hoping that Vibe Cellular would offer to work out some deal...I mean I spent $[...] on this practically useless peice of garbage...Here is their reply...[...]Sincerely,Izzy

I bought this phone for 99 bucks thinking that I am getting a stylish, touchscreen phone, which is great looking like iphone ... what i got was as below;Touchscreen is highly sluggish and non responsive. I literally had to tap on the screen with quiet a force to do anything.The phone will lock by it self in sec into the call. Calling a customer service with "Please dial 1 for checking your balance, 2 for ..." is a nightmare with this phone.Battery life is horribleVoice quality was horribleExchanged this phone for a nokia one, no touch screen, but good call quality.have fun ..

this phone very comfortable and easy to use. big screen that what i like in this phone. one tiny problem is the battery. the battery on my previous phone was holding longer but the screen on old phone was smaller. for me this phone exactly what i need.

I got this camera from LG. It has all the features that you are looking for for a camera plus I had a good deal w/ this one because it used to be 599 then it went down to less than 150. I highly recommended this product and website as well.

I use AT&T, and when my last phone died catastrophically, I needed to replace it with something functional but at a low cost.  Since I didn't qualify for an upgrade with AT&T, I found this phone.  It's great! Intuitive, easy to use, does phone calls, voice mail, syncs with Outlook, does pictures and video.  That's all I wanted.  I don't use it for web browsing or data, so no comments on that.

This phone was not manufactured for us in the US.  I've contacted LG with questions about the phone and was told that because the phone wasn't made for use in the US, they could not help me in any way.  I can't access the internet and can't send or receive picture messages.  The picture and video color and quality on the phone is very poor.  I've also had problems with the touch screen, especially when texting.  I've had to retype words that dissapear while texting.  The best qualities on the phone are the radio and mp3 player. Although this is an inexpensive phone for someone looking for a touchscreen type phone; it would be better in the long run to pay more for a phone that is supported by the manufacturer and has the features that you are looking for in a phone.

I personally like this phone a lot, but it has some flaws which could be fixed or avoided which I find very annoying.Pro'sOverall this phone is user friendly if you are used to tech like this, it didn't take me long to get used to the way this phone works but then again I am pretty tech-friendly.The phone itself has a lot of customization options, the interface is easy to understand and the touch screen is sensitive enough for you to use your fingers and not the little touch screen pen that follows with the phone.Its a very nice looking phone with a lot of potential.Con'sThe annoying parts of this phone, and why my phone bill keeps getting bigger while I use this phone is that the key lock on the phone keeps unlocking itself while it is in my pocket, the key lock can be opened by touching and holding your finger on the screen for 3 seconds, which it can easily do while in your pocket if you brush up against something. The phone also has a way of phoning people while in my pocket...Another thing about this phone, in case they are thinking about buying this phone, it does not have a keyboard of any sorts, except the touchscreen one. So if you are used to typing things with a touchscreen, go for it.. But for those of you with no experience with this (like me), will take a long time getting used to it.I hope this review helped people, and I apologize for my bad grammar as English is not my first language.

I'm an 18 y/o ready to head off to college and while I don't use internet on my phone, I send up to 50ish text messages a day to my girlfriend/friends.I'm looking at this mainly as a texting phone with some extra features. I could have gone with a basic model (my other option was basically the Samsung B3310 but that's more of a kid's phone and it didn't appeal to me), but decided to try something slightly flashier.I had my doubts about the touchscreen for texting but I'm MUCH faster after just a day. I realize that the phone won't compare to a hard qwerty keypad or to a high quality capacitive touch screen (iPhone or Droid), but once you're used to it, it does the job well. The phone isn't perfectly fast but you don't have to wait more than a second for anything to load (as long as you don't burden the home screen with a shortcut to hundreds of image files).Great mid-range phone. Not 5 stars because there are better, but I'm convinced that it's the best in its price range. MMS was easy to set up, and I'm sure internet is too (not a feature I use).Also, T9 is a great fast way to text if you can't use the qwerty keyboard. The texting does lag a little bit but if you're looking for a perfect device you won't get it for $100 flat. I have BEAR CLAWS for hands, though. It took some getting used to but mistakes are almost nonexistent now. If you hate learning new things, this isn't the phone for you, but give it a week and some experimentation and you'll be fine.No idea how it'll stand up to long term use in terms of bugs and hardware failures, but most people complain about the features rather than bugs. Like other users, I have noticed words being deleted, now that I think about it. I didn't even notice at first, I suppose, and I think it may have something to do with the predictive feature on the qwerty keypad. An accidental touch could easily blank out a field.

This an excellent phone. Currently I am using it and there is no problem. The only thing I like is that you connect to wireless networks. But the rest all excellent.Greetings to all

I got this phone cause I wanted a touch phone and I'm on a budget, so I chose this instead of the Samsung S5230. I've got to say it was a smart move, this phone is much cheaper and it has pretty much the same functions. The construction quality is very good and the unit comes with a screen protector so you don't leave your fingerprints all over the screen, which obviously will happen a lot.Luckily it also has a stylus pen, as text messaging with the virtual querty would be mission imposible without it, I have small fingers and had a hard time trying to hit those small buttons so the pen came in handy.Pros:- Small- Lightweight- Nice bright screen- Good menues, customizable- Touch screen is pretty responsive- Comes with stylus pen (you'll need it for text messages)- Features acelerometer- Good volume and quality MP3 player- Bluetooth- Navigation runs pretty fast- Battery life is goodCons:- Manual could be better, misses some useful information- Photo Camera is not very good (don't be fooled by the 3MP)- Some basic things are complicated to configure (like ringtones)- LG propietary connection for headphonesThe camera quality is far from stellar, but you can't ask a cellphone to take great photos, specially at this price point.I've owned another LG phone (MG 280) and it turned out to be the worse I had, I even promised myself i would never buy another LG, but clearly after seeing this one you can tell these guys evolved a lot and listened to their customers on many common issues with their previous phones.All in all, the best $190 you can spend on a phone today, sure there are better, but none of them below this price. If you want something good and don't want so spend too much, this is by far the best option you've got. I took one star off just for the camera and the headphone connection, but no doubt this product is solid.

Wife loves her new phone. Easy to use and very stylish. I will never buy phones from cell stores again.

I just received this phone and so far am very pleased with it. It gets much better reception in my house than my last four phones, all on the same network. I have not had any dropped calls and I was always having that with my prior phones.The only negative I have with it is that the instruction booklet was in Polish and when I went to LG's website they did not have any info on the KP500. It took me a while to figure out the setup and how to get it connected to my computer so I could add my own ringtones.Keep in mind that I mostly use a phone as a phone, not for internet.I am very pleased with this phone and feel it is definitely worth what I paid for it.

Just received it today - the phone can't even get through the touchpad calibration without restarting itself.  Apparently there is a defective product warranty through a 3rd party, but I would be responsible for shipping both ways, and wouldn't get my phone back for 4-5 weeks.  I saw another reviewer who had the same problem, and thought to myself, "How likely is that?"  Apparently, kinda likely.  Looks like a nice phone, but make sure you protect yourself - I wasn't planning to have to buy another new phone already (can't wait over a month to get the NEW phone that I just bought).

Its a good phone.Even the music player sounds good. They should have worked more on the touch sensitivity. Easy to use for the firs timers.Worthy for what you spent!

I bought this phone based on the product description, but was not compatible with T mobile as was described. When I called T mobile they say call LG, and LG told me that this phone is not supported by them either and is actually illegal.Very suprised to have amazon sell it something like this. I returned immediately.

Every ten seconds the autolock comes and the screen goes black. When you change the settings, it does not change. Beware, this phone not only has no warranty, but the USA helpdesk simply says "this is not our phone!"

all very well sending the product the perfect cell

I wanted a cheap yet decent touch phone to counter the expensive iphone/blackberry some of my friends have. I use the phone only for making calls, taking occasional pictures and listening to music. LG cookie matched my criteria perfectly.I had the phone for a month now and am happy with it. I am familiar with most of its functionality without opening the user's guide. The only drawback I saw was the speakerphone is not upto the mark. The person on the other side gets an echo if I hold the phone closer to my mouth. It could be due to the silicon case I bought along with the phone.Overall, very happy with the purchase.

I was devastated when my beloved pink Samsung Star smart phone died after less than a year of use. The screen wouldn't respond anymore and getting it fixed would cost about $60-100, the price of a new phone, so I took the leap and bought the Cookie instead.As someone who has used a touch screen phone for a while, I'm not too impressed by the features of the LG Cookie. If this is your first smart phone, you won't notice the shortcomings. This product does give you quite a bang for your buck. Its best feature is probably its camera and photo editing functions. For those of you who like taking pictures with your cell phone, the image touch-up tools are very advanced and plentiful.However, I use this phone mostly for texting, calling, and organizing daily events--areas in which it has been a let-down. I loved the texting feature on my Samsung Star that automatically shifted the keyboard so that it would be horizontal (like that of a computer/laptop), but the Cookie's motion sensor is very poor and it usually takes me a few tries to get the sideways keyboard to pop up. According to my boyfriend, the call volume from my end is very poor (a big problem because we're hundreds of miles apart). Lastly, the calendar widget is very similar to that of the Star, but it has way too many fields that require input before you can finish entering a simple event.Those of you who like widgets will be a little disappointed as the Cookie has a minimal attitude towards displaying superfluous applications. The games that came with the phone were visually appealing. There is a good array of ringtones to choose from, but the wallpaper/theme selection is sparse. I really like the video camera function, which I don't recall being present in my old Samsung.

I bought this phone for my 12 year old daughter. She set it up herself with no problem.  It does the job for a cheap price.  It helps that she's good with technology because the manual was useless (written in a different language).

I bought this unlocked phone for my husband for his birthday and he loves it.  It has great features and is very user friendly.  Sometimes the touch screen doesn't respond on the first tap, but it is not a huge problem and is probably no worse than any other touch screen phone.  Also, since it is a European phone, we couldn't find accessories, such as a silicone case, that are made specifically for it.  Other than these minor things, I would highly recommend this product!

This is a nice little phone.  There aren't really many bells and whistles but for $100 it's worth every dollar.  One thing I found extremely useful personally is that while the calendar isn't anything to write home about, it will sync up with Microsoft Outlook.

Good phone, with room to charge the pen and handwriting recognition. The camera offers 3.2 megapixel photos and has quality flash for low light. Its internal memory can store large amounts of information, pictures and music. The screen is wide and good sharpness. It is lightweight and comes with software that meets my needs. I use outside the United States and work great with a GSM carrier in my country. It was connected to my bluetooth handsfree with ease and provided a good sound.

I bought cookie for four months. Now the earpiece speaker has been broken. Even though all the other functions are still ok, i still can't use it anymore. I was enjoying it so much. It had good signal, and the battery lasted pretty long comparing to the other cellphones that I used. DISAPPOINTED!!!!

This phone is a good product, had to make a few adjustments due to it being an unlocked phone but that's to be expected. If your looking for a great phone for an affordable price, this is the phone for you.

This is a very nice phone with great features. It has a rubbery feel to it (doesn't scratch easy) and a beautiful screen. However, if you buy it unlocked for U.S. use, the MMS (picture, mp3 messages) will not work! I was surprised. Everything else works though, even text messages. I talked to AT&T; to try to make it work, but after an hour on the phone they said it cannot be done because this unlocked phone is not available in the U.S. Therefore not all features will work. But if you can live without MMS, this phone is awesome.Pros: Clear and bright screen even in direct sunlight, Build quality, Features, Customizable, Built in stylus, Micro SD slot up to 8GbCons: Camera (no auto focus, no flash), small qwerty keyboard, FM radio cant be played without headset attached.

i simply love this phone. there is so much you can do with it. and it looks really chic. love it.

Excellent GSM phone. I bought a couple of them for my kids and they are fascinated with its functions and capabilities: music, mp3, radio, video, camera, calendar, alarm, games, etc, and its calls of course.I really don't understand why this capabilities for this little price!!***Excelente tel&eacute;fono GSM. Compr&eacute; un par de este modelo para mis hijos y est&aacute;n facinados con su funcionalidad: musica, mp3, radio, video, camara, alarmas, calendario, juegos, etc., y por su puesto su cobertura para llamadas.Realmente no entiendo por qu&eacute; todas estas capacidades a este peque&ntilde;o precio.

Texting is super easy with this phone  I have sprint in the U.S. and I was able to get MMS and internet services to work right away. Just did a bing search for my settings.. There is a lot of info out there on how to set it up. The phone is very thin and lightweight. I wear jeans a lot and it fits in the front pocket nicely. So, if you don't need 3G, GPS, or WiFi, this is a really great phone. If you do, then I'd look elsewhere. But, for me, it does everything I need, and does it well. I've had this phone for about a month now, and I'm very impressed with it. It gets great reception, even better than my old V3 RAZR, which I thought had excellent reception. Call quality is also very good. I love the touchscreen! I won't go back to a non-touchscreen phone after this. It's so much easier to navigate through the menus and get it to do what I want. Yes, texting is not perfect, but doable. But, all the positives of the touchscreen outweigh that negative. And, I text more than I want to admit.  overall,  I recommend the phone if the price is discounted some for the older technology.

I purchased this phone for my wife and she loves it. The phone is light weight and easy enough to use right out of the box. The price is excellent and it is a touch-screen. It offers a decent amount of features. My only issue is transeferring music and photos from my computer to the phone and vice-versa. A bit complicated and requires some reading unlike my NOKIA where there is absolutely no hassle. But, my wife and I still love it and will recommend to everyone.

Ok, seriously everyone? This phone is great. It does everything the description says. It has a couple of decent simple features, its pleasing to the eye and to hold in your hand, and it is very clear to hear on. It works with ATT with no problems whatsoever! If you are a person who has a cell phone plan with no frills and are someone who wants a simple but trendy looking phone, this is it. I really dont think there is anything i can say that is bad about this phone. Even the headphones, which everyone was complaining about, sound really decent....especially for CELL PHONE headphones! Just beware that if you want a phone with a ton of little quirks and stuff, this is not the phone for you....otherwise, its 100 bucks well spent!

Received phone and since it was international, I had to convert everything to US style.  After couple days, just didn't like the phone, so I returned it.  Watch when you buy "International" type because instructions in English aren't very good, so you have to experiment with the phone to figure the features out.

The sound of the phone suddendly stoped, no ringing, no music, nothing.Very bad experience

Thi phone is awesome, I have no complaints.  It took a few days for me to get used to the touuch screen but now I love it.  I can do anything with this phone, the pictures a pretty good, video comes out great and there is even a drawing pad to keep my daughter busy during trips.  I couldn't ask for more. This is the best LG phone I have had, way better than the shine.

I bought this phone 3 weeks ago and love it.It is small and that is just one of the things I like.The camera works great,music player is also good.I purchased the sd card to expand the memory, and it was very easy to down load music and games to the card and then add to the phone.

LG KP500 meet expectations for those who want a cheap phone, easy to use interface, an acceptable response rate, gadgets included in the initial screen of the device helps to have access to basic functions like calendar, MP3 player, photo album, clock, intuitive to use, in addition to two higher order desks, light weight and small size.I recommend the phone.

I live in India and i got the mobile bought to me by a friend who reside in US. Although i had doubt initially, after using the product i would really recommend to other international users. I have been using this mobile for more than a year now and never had any problem with it. I would love to recommend this product for international users if they are really planning to have one.(The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)

I'm very happy with this smartphone. It has all elemental software programs, and the touch screens works very good. And the better is the price.

I've had the Cookie for about a month now and I am so happy with my purchase!It was fully charged when I received it and all the mentioned items were in the box, including the charger with adaptor.  I slipped my SIM card in (I have T-Mobile Even More service) and it immediately recognized T-Mobile as the carrier; even shows it onscreen!Spent approximately 20 minutes playing around with the settings as they are organized a bit differently from U.S. phones...for instance, the settings for ring tones are under the "Settings-Profile-Normal" names, not the usual ones we see here.  However, it's pretty easy and the touchpad appears to become more responsive with time as you get used to it.The QWERTY keyboard is great and the accelerometer function works quite well for typing with either [small] fingers or the stylus.  People have received my texts promptly, as I have theirs.  Anyone considering this phone would do well to check the services their provider offers - if you don't have an Internet plan, well, the phone won't surf the 'Net - I say this because I've seen a couple of complaints about that issue.  I don't use my phone for that purpose, just calls and texting, and it's perfectly suited for such.  Also, this is NOT a wi-fi or 3G equipped phone, which again suits my needs but perhaps not others...they'll have to spend a bit more for that and sacrifice battery life.  Speaking of battery life, I am a fairly heavy talker and only charge my phone every 3-4 days - and it charges in less than a couple hours.All in all, if you're patient and like to fiddle with new gadgets as I do, you will LOVE this phone.  The wallpapers, ringtones and games are really great and again, I'm extremely happy with my little Christmas present to myself!

I bought this yesterday in 110 $, its a BEAST phone, I havent found any cons in the phone at the moment.I highly recomment it for ppl who want to use smartphone without spending much. Please not if u wanna buy it go for international version its better.LG KP500 Cookie Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera and Digital Media Player--International Version with Warranty (Black)

I've had this phone for about a month now, and I'm very impressed with it.  It gets great reception, even better than my old V3 RAZR, which I thought had excellent reception.  Call quality is also very good.I love the touchscreen!  I won't go back to a non-touchscreen phone after this.  It's so much easier to navigate through the menus and get it to do what I want.  Yes, texting is a little more difficult.  But, all the positives of the touchscreen outweigh that negative.  And, I text quite a bit.I have At&T; in the U.S. and I was able to get MMS and internet services to work right away.  Just do a Google search for LG Cookie MMS settings AT&T.;  There is a lot of info out there on how to set it up.The phone is very thin and lightweight.  I wear jeans a lot and it fits in the front pocket nicely.So, if you don't need 3G, GPS, or WiFi, this is a really great phone.  If you do, then I'd look elsewhere.  But, for me, it does everything I need, and does it well.

This is just an OK phone. The screen is pressure instead of heat. Its takes a little bit of pressure for the screen to realize that you are pushing it. If this phone was $30 I would rate 5 stars. But its very expensive for the low quality of the phone. I would not reccoment this to anyone.

Lo mejor de este telefono es su precio... en realidad muy bajo con respecto a otros que son mas sencillos..Al inicio es un poco dificil el uso de la pantalla tactil pero en unos pocos d&iacute;as termina uno por acostumbrarse.Lo bueno:1. La duracion de la bateria.2. El tama&ntilde;o.3. El material, no se raya con facilidad.4. La memoria expansible.5. El puntero.6. Mutitarea, puedes tener abiertas varias aplicaciones.7. Si te registras en la pagina de LGMOBILE, puedes bajar bastantes juegos. Como recomendacion, si vas a registrarte hazlo como si estuvieras en espa&ntilde;a de lo contrario no vas a encontar informacion ni aplicaciones. Luego baja los juegos y aplicaciones desde el telefono, no desde la pagina ya que por la pagina tiene que ser por medio de SMS.8. El cable USB, te funciona como cargador.9. Pantalla Tactil.Lo malo:1. El envio de mensajes, es un tanto dificil, si estas acostumbrado a enviar mensajes SMS constantemente y de manera rapida, este modelo no es para ti, es un poco complejo. inclusive con el teclado QWERTY.2. No guarda registro de ultimos numeros a los que le has enviado mensajes, por lo cual a la hora de buscar el destinatario te lleva mucho tiempo.3. Si tienes muchos contactos se dificulta a busqueda.3. No tiene funcionalidad de copy paste.4. La camara no tiene auto focus, es casi imposible tomar una foto clara.5. No tiene Flash6. Tanto el cargador, el USB y los audifonos poseen una sola entrada y no es comun. Si se te pierde alguno de ellos veo dificil encontrar el sustituto.7. Los audifonos no son de muy buena calidad, es plastico duro, por lo que es incomodo en los oidos y muy propenso a quebrarse.8. Las tapitas de las entradas de el micro SD y del cargador, son muy debiles, si constantemente estas cargandolo o conectando los audifonos pronto se te van a quebrar y van a quedar al descubierto.9. El boton de bloqueo no esta en la mejor posicion y esta muy cerca del disparador de la camara.10. Cuando te indica que queda poco carga en la bateria, no te ha pasado ni una hora cuando ya se apaga, y el aviso es muy constante y molesto..11. Si bien la pantalla es grande no puedes hacer que las cosas se vean mas peque&ntilde;as por ejemplo el texto de los SMS, con el tipo de letra mas peque&ntilde;o es facilmente leible por alguien que este a un metro de distancia.En resumen el telefono tiene sus detalles malos, y sus atractivos, yo en lo personal le he tomado el gusto, y sobre todo porque por su precio no encontraras otro con esas caracteristicas.

I am a regular AMAZON shopper with very positive experience. This phone shipping is very prompt and the phone is very good. But the stylus pen is not sent with the phone, making it very difficult to use the phone. I hope that AMAZON will ship the stylus pen soon.

This is the best quality phone I have ever treated myself to. It's only drawback is its annoying tendency to unlock itself in my pocket and make appointments and phantom phone calls. Sometimes the touch screen is a little 'quirky' in that it does not pick up my touch accurately. Battery life is great, sound and signal strength are also great. Oh, almost forgot, there is also a quirk that when the Gallery App is running, the shortcut button for the camera does not work. I have to officially stop the Gallery in order for the button to turn the camera on.

i really like this unlocked cellphone, it has been pretty easy to use , it is saving me alot of money and i love that i am not locked into any service contract.

One of those phones after only 3 months was damage the speaker, and dont know how to apply some warranty , because i am not fron USA

Phone was purchased for a friend and brought to Angola, West Africa.  The phone was delivered on time.  It is operating perfectly with no problems in a local GMS system.  My friend is very happy with the phone.

This phone is absolutely useless. The touch screen is horrible, the menus are not functional at all, writing an SMS is a nightmare, sending or receiving MMS does not work, using Bluetooth does not work.Don't be fooled by the fact that it looks nice. Do yourself a favour and get another phone.

The good news: This phone is small and has a good form factor, like the PEBL. Light in your pocket. The screen is incredibly bright. The menus are reasonably intuitive and easy to navigate. Touch screen is sensitive (and can be calibrated).  Typing on the screen for texting is possible even for a man with larger hands.  Reception at both ends is good, and it picks up your cell tower quickly.  It works flawlessly in foreign countries. I don't use the cell as a camera, since I carry a tiny Canon, but the MicroSD card is handy and more easily accessible than on other cameras. I don't use the internet from my cell either.UPDATED on 11/29. I have been impressed, after three months, by the general durability of this phone.  However the BATTERY NO LONGER HOLDS a CHARGE.  I have tried replacement batteries (which are hard to find), but it appears that something is wrong in the phone, because none of the three batteries will hold a charge longer than 12 hours.UPDATED 3/15/11.  My first Cookie failed electrically after 4 months.  Would not hold any charge at all, even with a new battery. But I liked the ergonomics so much that I bought a second one.  It FAILED after 10 days.  Will not hold a charge.  Sales rep offered to send me a new battery or new phone, but since this is the second time (and the instructions came in Polish), I believe this is a design flaw.You should AVOID this phone.

This is a great phone! The features are quite sophisticated and the touch screen works well. The design and user interface is very modern and very user friendly. The only complaint I have is that the instruction manual was written in Polski. I had to download the manual from the internet. If you looking for a modern touch screen, quad band phone, this is the phone for you! Additionally the charger is European but it has the US adapter. If you are going to die tomorrow, GET THIS PHONE before you do! It will change your life for the better!

the Package and the Mobile phone was excellent, its good money for his value, though it had no 3G facility

I bought this phone from amazon, the cell is great, it is slim to fit my pocket and has big beautiful screen, lots of functions. My daughter likes to draw in the screen and I will keep those drawings as my screen picture.But at first the battery lasted 2 and a half days before I first charged it, after that the battery could only last about 12 hours without making a call. I charged the cell overnight and made a 10 min call in the morning, the battery was dead at 4 pm so I could not call my wife. I tried both charger and usb cord to charge it, but did not make any difference. Maybe I got a defective battery or made wrong cell settings.Amazon is good so I got a refund after returned it. I bought a Nokia E63 from Amazon and this phone can last 5 days with 20min call everyday and some wifi using(1500 mA battery). but my girl can not draw in my cell anymore and it's very big. I will get this LG phone if its battery can last 1 and a half day.

It was really the best value for you buck... I had looked around a lot in different sites and definitely the amount of features this phone has for this price was great, not to mention it is an unlocked phone so I didn't have to get in a contract again. Believe me, carriers treat you so much better when you are not in a contract!I had read in reviews that T-Mobile multimedia messages were not compatible with this phone, and it was a bit of a appointment to find out it was true. However, if you go to the T-Mobile support forums and use LG KP500 as keyword, you will find out how to program your phone to send and receive multimedia, as well as being capable of browsing the web and use e mail.Life battery is good: My days start at 7am and sometimes en as late as 11pm or even later on fridays... I talk and text a lot, and not run out of battery. It comes with a USB adaptor which also charges the battery, so I keep that one in my office in cas I forget to charge at night.

I had to return this phone after receiving it from amazon.  It will not receive MMS messages or send them.  I loved the phone over all but that function was important to me because I love to send pics to my friends and family.  I now have an IPHONE and love it.

Purchased this phone for fiance in Philippines. It worked outstandingly.... then 1.5 years later, the battery would not hold charge for more than 12 hours. Replaced battery last January. Two days ago, she found phone literally smoking while on the charger. :-(  (they have 220V outlets there, so maybe after 2 years of 220V charging it killed the phone....maybe, who knows)  The phone finally died. BUT, it performed very well while it lived!! She liked it so much that we are considering purchasing another. It does about as much as a phone can without actually being a "smart phone".

The phone came in on time and everything is great. As for the manual, I got a German one so I had to figure out how to set up all the things in the phone by myself. I was skeptical as to how hard punching in the keys were, but the other reviews online are right. THE KEYS ARE A LITTLE HARD TO PUNCH at times, but when you get used to it, it's not that bad. Overall, I love this phone!

Nice phone, the only problems was that dont have wi-fi and the band only GSM, but the cam, the touch, works good

absolutamente hermoso celular, me lo traje a Ecuador y funciona de maravilla en las operadoras de aca. el modelo es lindo y su manejo es simple e intuitivo, "me encanta", buen audio, buen display, recomendable la verdad!!!

This  product  is  excelente . I  bouth  10 of  this  phones for  my  customers  and  ell  of  tnem  are  so  satisfied  as  wel  I  do. Of  course  I  will  buy  some  more  in  the  near  future.  Regards  .  Jorge  Cespedes

*2014 Update - By now this phone is old legacy tech. For whatever it costs an equivalent android with capacitive touchscreen can be found for its price; really shouldn't be selling for more than 25 USD.*June 23, 2012 Update - The phone has issues staying paired with any bluetooth devices. It will often require a full reset to repair the bluetooth connection otherwise it will display as connected but the call will be through the handset, not the bluetooth. Since the time of original review the price of the handset has increased substantially while it remains old technology; there are way better deals out there at this time. You should not purchase this for more than ninety USD flat.Original Review:I needed a small form factor handset with a bit of style that could perform simple tasks such as mp3/video, picture MMS, casual web browsing, and not cost me an arm or leg.See, all big carriers in the US are in the trend of making it MANDATORY now to have a data plan (even if you don't want one) with any 'smart phone' and they are also getting people accostumed to paying handset specific charges like Sprint's experimental 'premium data charge' tacked onto their flagship Android phones. Whatever they tell you it has nothing to do with 4G technology at all! Customers are basically subsidizing the phone for a total of $240+tax additional to anything else paid during the term of the contract including the 'discounted price' of the handset; its crazy but the other carriers will soon follow and make it the norm just like ATT gets away with crippling their data plans using their exclusive line of Apple iPhones as leverage to keep customer from migrating. (I would have left long ago but I keep traveling far off to strange places!)Getting back to the LG Cookie, it is truly a thing to behold in light of its price to value ratio. Only cons are limited functionality during phone calls (wether you use bluetooth or not) such as not being able to activate the camera and no WIFI but otherwise you won't regret the purchase.To get the internet/MMS working with ATT (or other carriers) you will need the respective carrier's IP address for the APN settings (or type the URL using the stylus... no biggie!). The only bad thing about this phone is its arcane menu structure which takes some getting used to, but its all there; even some network settings you may have never heard of because these are usually removed by US carriers too.The reason this phone 'resets' and does not boot is because of people using old SIM formats that are out of date with the newest handsets. The phone refused to load with my old SIM from ATT (vintage 2007) and so I had my account assigned to a new SIM card (you can find OEM issue SIMS for sale on Amazon, carrier specific) and registered the phone's IMEI# (right behind the battery) with my account through technical support.IF you do not register you IMEI number with the carrier (like ATT!) some features such as MMS and internet will not work no mater how many times you try or what settings you use. If MMS is important to you do not forget to register your IMEI#! I fought with this failure to authenticate issue and googled for many days until I found the answer so you won't have to!Oh, the battery meter is a little deceiving and this does not charge via regular mini-USB like many other handsets. At least it does includes a USB cable for data transfer and charging if plugged to a hub or any other powered USB port/charger.

This phone is awesome!!! The touch screen is very easy to use. The phone itself is just well.... COOL! Lot's of great features and easy to use. Although you might need to download the manual which is easy to find. The manual that comes with it is foreign. Also they do give you a plug to "push on" to the power adapter to use in the USA. The one they give you is for UK. But with a little effort it goes on easily and works great!! No bad stuff about this phone.

This cell phone is worst one I ever had. The problem is charging. After half a year it was used, the plug got bad, it needs to be adjusted to adapt the plug. always failed charging. And the screen freezes sometimes. I think it has to be repaired. I will not buy any LG product, because I also have a bad LG microwave that makes a noise when it was brand new. So poor LG.

Just received the phone today so there will be an update to this review at some point later on.So far, I love the phone. It has so many cool features...love the stylus.I have a regular, non-smart phone plan from AT&T.; Inserted my 3G sim card in the phone and it worked just fine. Was able to see my contacts and make calls right away.After some fiddling around with the settings I finally got the Internet and Multimedia Messaging to work. The setting that worked for me are on this page: [...]It's also great to have so much information available out there on this phone. A quick search on YouTube and Google and you'll see.

I bought this phone about a month ago for my wife. it has not worked for one day without charging the battery. that is a big NO NO for me.then i am still trying to get it to recognise a picture as a caller id display that is like pulling teeth, then trying to get a ringtone for a particular caller is like reinventing the wheel.you know what they say? you get what you pay for at this price don't expect an omnia.

people complain a lot. you buy a phone for less than a 100 bucks and you want to have it all. This phone, is Superb for the price. It is really good and functional too.Getting the widgets of ur screen is one of the easiest things to do. It has good sound too (for the price) Every thing is perfect. If you dont like it, get a BB or Iphone or something else but this works great for me. and its really cheap.

This is a nice little phone.  It slips easily in your pants pocket for guys.  Although it has extensive support in the UK, unfortunately there is none here. You can enhance some features by going through a UK proxy server, but that is quite a bit of work.  If you travel to the UK and get a UK sim card, I would imagine all the toys and widgets can be downloaded there.With T-Mobile prepaid service MMS does work, once you get the settings correct (find on the net), but mobile web does not, except for T-Zones.  Once you have MMS working, T-mobile will eventually push their preferred settings to you (It took them three weeks), but with the new settings, no change in performance was noted.With AT&T; prepaid (GoPhone) service, MMS does not work (due to AT&T; support problems, not the phone), but Mobile web does ( most of the time) - again once you find the correct settings on the net - forget about AT&T; support.This is not a 3G phone - but it supports the 4 commonly used bands for Edge and voice services though, so it should work everywhere.As others have noted, the adapter is a euro plug with a US adapter - not a big deal.Also note that the calculator is set for UK settings - Imperial gallons - not US etc.  The calendar is set for the Euro standard of Monday - Sunday (that was the 7th day wasn't it?), but you can change it to Sunday - Saturday.The camera shots for are a little fuzzy, so don't expect great pictures.All in all a good little compact phone that beats a candy bar phone.  No pocket bulges or camera case needed on your belt with this jewel.Update 1/12:  This phone is now getting long in the tooth.  It was good back when it was new, but now there are better models and better values.

The first phone I order there was something wrong with the volume, I could not hear the phone ring or anyone who called!I explained this to the people at amazon and within a week I had a new phone! The first and second phone could not send or receive any mms message(pictures)so I took the phone to my local T Mobile store and I explain the problem to them and thirty minutes later the problem was fixed!!The camera for this phone is a little different, there is no auto focus and the color seems to be a little off. I have a 4 gig card inside the phone so I can add all the pics and music I wish!! This phone is a great buy for the money

The phone is great if you just want a touch screen phone. I thought the camera would be better than it turned out to be. One good thing is the mp3 player.With headphones it has very good sound. It is a good value for a unlocked phone. Can't beat the price. Bottom line is don't buy it for the camera . Any cheap camera will take clearer pictures.

I sent two of this phone to friends in Liberia, West Africa. My friends love the phone and are having fun with them. So far,  I have not received any complaints. All the features are working properly. They had no trouble using their local SIM Cards. So if you are thinking about buying this phone to use in West Africa, give it a shot.

This is the kind of company people should be dealing with ....fastest shipping.Working in a perfect condition as at now.

I don't text much and my phone usage is simply standard call features that most Voice only users need.The biggest reason for me to purchase this phone was to be able to use the touch screen feature instead of QWERTY keyboard. Even after callibrating several times scrolling thru my contact list is not as easy as it is on an iPhone or iPOD Touch screen. (I have one and it works flawlessly)But when scrolling thru my contact list, the touch screen would be hyper sensitive and select contacts that just happened to be under the thumb while pushing the list to scroll up.This makes searching for contacts very annoying and is not helpful at all when looking for a number in a hurry and dialing it.Also the Widgets for speed dial sometimes don't work, and are not responsive, not sure why.The other drawback for me is that after listening to a voice mail, there is no number pad available to save or delete it. May be there is a workaround out there that I am unaware of.Other than that the screen size, and ringtones are quite good.All in all if I had known of the above limitations, I probably would not have purchased this phone.

Actually this product doesn't have camera of 3.2 MP, it is actually 3.0 Mp also it's touch system is very slow as compared to other touch phones. But it's camera operates well , also sound system and screen resolution is good but i will recommend you to spent your money on any other cell phone instead this.

I live outside US and the phone worked perfectly with local carriers, it is a great phone that has almost every feature built in other smartphones. I love it!

This is my kind of cell phone. Stylish, affordable and very fun to use. The touch screen technology is the greatest and finally I can have a piece of it thanks to the LG Cookie. It is very very easy to use. The photos that I get with it are very clear its enough for me. Makes it easy to storage all the contacts and music etc.... with your computer. I really recommend it!

the lg cookie is a great phone. I have had no problems with this phone.  I like that it has free games on it, that aren't lame.  has good reception also.

Batteries are a really huge feature in a phone.  The battery life seems above average in this phone. The phone is typically on stand by or used several times a day and I can get almost 3 days before I have to recharge. I really dont use any of the internet features, so I can't say good or bad. I would recommend this phone to my firends. This is a pretty nice phone. The phone sound quality is very good. The touch screen works well. Once in a while the touch screen takes a few seconds to become responsive. When turning from  touch screen to full key touch screen once in a while I have to turn the phone on it's side , diffrent than the normal way and give it a  shake. The video and still camera both work well enought not to be a negative.

Es NECESARIO tener conectado el tel&eacute;fono al PC para poder actualizar la agenda... Teniendo una agenda de casi 700 contactos no es nada placentero tener que esperar que se carguen todos al sistema.

BEN FROM TECH DEALERS WAS REALLY GOOD IN TAKING CARE OF THE PROBLEM AND I WOULD BUY FROM HIS COMPANY AGAIN IN THE FUTURE.

phone is good but still a little of a pain to text, why not have a full keyboard

I have been looking for a new phone for the last year, since my old T-Mobile Blast was becoming outdated. So, when I took a trip to Germany and found the LG KP500 there, I was quite curious. I looked up reviews here on Amazon, and after some consideration, bought the phone from a German electronics retailer... And I am sure glad that I did!Let's get started with the Pros and the Cons of this phone.PROS:-Unlocked, Quadband World Phone.-Inexpensive. I bought the phone for 89, which is comparable to the price here on Amazon.-Good Quality. Although the phone is small and made of plastic, it has an extremely durable feel.-Signal Quality. I normally have no signal with T-Mobile's To-Go plan in my house, but I usually have at least 3 bars with this phone. By comparison, my last three phones constantly lost signal in my house.-Great features. Many features, including a Movie editor, 3MP Camera, Music Player, Video Recorder, Games, Accelerometer, and drawing pad.-Stylus. Not really necessary, but it really helps with texting and making notes.-Multiple Apps and Task Manager. You can run more than one app at a time, like Music Player and Camera-Widgets. On the home page, there is a selection of widgets to choose from. These include: Music Player, World Clock, Clock, Calender, FM Radio, and Notepad.-Speed Dial Widgets. With a swipe of the finger, the home page changes to a speed dial home page with up to 10 contacts and images.-Downloadable Apps and Games. The phone is Java based, so you can download .JAR apps from a number of sites to transfer to the phone.-Expandable Memory via microSD slot (Up to 8gb)CONS:-The interface, while very sleek and refined, can become slow due to multiple apps running at once.-Texting in QWERTY format is a bet annoying at first, due to the small keyboard. But after a while, you get used to it.My recommendation: If you are looking for a new, unlocked phone at a cheap price, the LG KP500 is for you.NOTE: I own the silver version of this phone, which doesn't have the rubbery texture.UPDATE 10/2010-The phone is still working great. I actually received an update from T-Mobile to allow MMS messaging and internet web-browsing, so the phone is actually better now than it was 6 months ago! Plus, after accidentally dropping it face first into concrete, it still works with no scratches! So that is another plus!

I do not use it as a data plan phone and am very very happy with it's performance as a basic phone. It is real nice to look at and handle. Very light weight and has a good battery life. I like the sleek black model that I have. I use the phone with t-mobile and have not had any issues of any kind so far.I think it is great value for money but again... I don't know how it will act as a data plan phone.

I was very pleased with my purchase of the LG KP500 phone. In fact, I purchased the phone for my wife and she simply loves it. The phone met all the specifications of the seller and arrived in tact, on time and with all of the advertized accessories. I am totally satisfied!

not a huge fan of this phone, it was made out to be really good and fast and have tons of things to do... it's not all that great.  it's really slow, sometimes txts won't go through right away, have to shut off the phone, and the speaker quality isn't that great for speaker phone.  overall i'm not that satisfied with this phone none the least. my suggestions is to not get this phone, get something else especially a phone not made by LG!

It shipped free from Amazon, arrived quickly, and the under $100.00 price was a bonus. I put in my sim card and the phone worked out of the box. After wasting time, I finally called T-mobile to set up the internet; they were quite helpful and pleasant about it.I liked figuring out the phone's features; my phone guide was in English and was useful.Texting is difficult for me, part me and part the phone. I love the camera, video, and social networking connection. I especially like being able to save picture icons of my "most called" on the desktop. My T-mobile Mytouch was a great phone but much more than I needed out of a phone, this one suits my needs and is more affordable. I got the phone on 1 Dec. and recommmend it. I get good clear connections and use it often with my bluetooth earphone. The radio station came through clear and strong but this not a feature I would use often.

I purchased two LG KP500 phones from [...] through Amazon.com.  The phones are great as I expected.  However, the travel charger is useless in US because they are for 220V international type of adapter.  I cannot use them at home in US.  The package came with an additional international plug adapter but it does not fit the LG charger adapter.  I tried to call [...] but cannot find the correct place to call since the packing list does not have a custmer service phone number.  I am now stuck with this useless adapter.  Luckly,  I have an old LG phone and I am using the old charger.I am not sure there is a way to identify these details when we order the product since Amazon.com specifically note that there is no warranty for this product.  I wish Amazon.com can take the responsibility.

After reading all the reviews, I decided to take a chance on this phone despite some of the negative comments.  And folks, after using this for a couple weeks, I and my friends who have used it think it is a superb phone.  Very user-friendly interface.  Lots of features.  Lots of productivity tools.  Customizable screens.  Responsive touch screen easy to get used to after a little bit of practice.  Integrated stylus pen for times when you don't feel like fat fingering.  And nobody has mentioned this before, but this phone comes built-in with lots of language input support.  I like to text my friends in Korean, and this phone allows you to both send and receive text in Korean many different languages.  No Samsung phone on the market in the U.S. (except the newest $650 Galaxy S) allows you to do this (and believe me, I have looked really hard).  The multi-language support alone is worth the price of this phone.  Planning to buy more of these as gifts.  Love this phone!
