
I had never owned a phone of this type before this one, and it was really an unusual purchase for me. In the first place, I'd called my carrier, T-Mobile, to ask about when my contract was up because I was considering switching carriers. In the course of the conversation with my customer service rep, I was offered this phone at a pretty hefty discount, along with a couple of other incentives that led to me deciding to go with it and upgrade both phone and plan (I have the $25 Blackberry plan that comes with 400 messages/month). I've been pretty satisfied with T-Mobile, for the most part, and my biggest complaint with them has been that they seem to not get really pretty phones like other companies do.Well, this phone exceeded many of my expectations.I love the following:1) the ease of checking email and receiving instant messages--I went to a conference last week and had no trouble keeping up with my work email and communications with my staff--awesome!;2) the look and feel of the phone (the shiny silver parts are chrome, I think, not cheap-feeling plastic, and I really love that);3) the real QWERTY keyboard (not like the one on the  Blackberry Pearl, where one key really works for more than one alpha letter--yuk!);4) the wireless capability (although this led to one of the drawbacks; see below);5) the excellent clarity of sound (both coming and going--I had several people remark that I must be on a landline because I certainly couldn't have been on a cell--made me wonder how bad I'd sounded pre-Blackberry--heh);6) wonderful clarity of pictures taken with the awesome camera (which has an actual flash--yay!);7) micro-SD slot--double yay! I love that I can save music and photos to one of these tiny little cards and then enjoy the results; and8) the beautifully clear and sharp visuals on the (admittedly small) screen--beautiful!Drawbacks/stuff I'm not so fond of:1) battery life if you're running some of the lovely apps, like wi-fi and Bluetooth and using the Curve to listen to music--I would have to charge the set every day in order to get any meaningful use out of it, as just having all of the above going for over an hour would almost exhaust the power supply--sheesh);2) headphones absolutely suck--they literally hurt my ears the very first time I used them, but then earbuds never work for me;3) difficulty getting SIM card out of its slot--and I mean DIFFICULTY as in practically having to grab a knife and pry it out;4) the non-intuitive nature of some of Blackberry's menus (I'm used to fairly basic menus, and Blackberry piles some stuff together that doesn't seem to match up in my mind);5) the buttons on the side of the phone and how hard they make it to do certain things without, say, turning on the camera by mistake; and6) VERY flimsy back cover (it's practically light enough to fly away if you're not keeping an eye on it whilst messing with your battery or SIM card);7) the lack of availability of things like the holster that's supposed to help you conserve energy by powering down the unit (I can't find a single T-Mobile store that carries it, and I can't find a picture of it anywhere so that I can verify that I would get maximum use out of it); and8) the high cost of Blackberry applications! Yowsa! There are some free ones (I especially like Pandora and IheartRadio, but they drain the battery something awful), but most cost money, and not a tiny amount, either. Someone else already mentioned the high cost of a weather application--OY!; and8) the going-blind factor when using the internet on this baby (the text is teeny tiny eeny weeny).All in all, I love my Blackberry, in spite of the fact that I just exchanged it for another one (the battery was proving problematic, they think, but they couldn't be sure, so they just sent me another one). I have only been without my first one for about 2 hours, and I already miss it.I must add one thing here, and it's about T-Mobile. I know we all have different experiences with different carriers, but I have nothing but raves for the customer service reps with whom I've spoken recently. The deal they gave me when I asked about my contract end date was superb, and I'm basically spending the same amount to have my Blackberry with its special plan that I was spending before. I did pay for the phone, but not much, and definitely a very reasonable amount for this type of phone. Also, when I started having problems with my Blackberry's power, I got nothing but good customer service--overnight shipping on the replacement, easy instructions for returning the original one I received, etc. Just superb. I've always had good experiences with T-Mobile, but this just reinforces the reasoning I use when deciding whether to move to another carrier.

Before purchasing the 8900 I had an 8310.  The difference is pretty much night and day.  The screen picture is out of this world, HD like.  The phone itself seems much lighter and smaller.  The design of it is much more mature looking.  The only problem I have with this phone is that it's much harder to text and type on it than it was on the 8310.  Otherwise, this phone gets my stamp of approval.

I have had this phone for 3 weeks now and absolutely love it.  I constantly have to send emails for work and this is as close as a phone can get to being perfect for email.Before I go to the pros and cons, I would say that this review is based on someone who uses the corporate side of the smartphone first, and browsing second.  Nothing is better than an iPhone for browsing, but nothing beats a QWERTY pad for typing.Pros- Screen is great, a great improvement over the original Curve.  If you send a lot of emails this makes a huge difference- I don't really care for the screen to be widescreen, it's not a TV and I would rather have a bigger screen for emails then the wider one on the Bold- It's barely bigger than the Pearl, which has half the keys- It's nicer looking than the Bold, which is clunky and has that ugly leatherette on the back- WiFi is great.  If you're in an office with WiFi you won't miss 3G and not having 3G isn't that much of an issue since I don't really need to stream Youtube when I am walking around- The battery life is better than my old Pearl, especially since I upgraded the firmware.  Also for those who have issues with the battery life, it also depends on what apps you have in the background.  The older BBs don't have the memory and processor to run things like IM in the background and all of these drain battery- The keypad is great.  It's as close to using a PC as you can get, which is amazing given the size of the pad.  I love it- The phone's camera is actually pretty good given it's not a proper-sized camera.  It can actually take decent night photos with some light, which is not the case of many phones.  The flash is actually pretty strong for a such a small device and can double as a little flashlightCons- The big one is no 3G, though I honestly think this is overhyped.  Half the people with 3G iPhones have to turn it off to save battery and if you use the phone for work, calling, or IM 3G doesn't make a difference.  Yes you can get data and voice at the same time, but you can do this on WiFi and generally you wouldn't be on a phone call and sending an email at the same time.  Still having 3G would have been better, as I would rather pay a bit more and turn it off then not have the option- The browser is much better than prior iterations but Browsing has never been a BB forte.  I use Opera Mobile, which is much better, but it's still not even close to using the UI of an iPhoneI admittedly cannot live without my BB and this phone is not helping with that.  Nonetheless as smartphones go I think this thing is as good as it gets for corporate use, though 3G should have been put in.This is a great BB, IMO, the best one RIM has ever made.

I recently purchased this phone about three weeks ago.So far I'm highly impressed with most of its features.I completely agree with all the good things said about this phone and a few of the cons-- although the one thing that seems to worry me about this phone, hence the 4 star rating, is the keyboard.Its slightly difficult to type with--but I suppose that simply requires some getting used to; but I find the real problem is that the keys all have some wiggle room. They seem to be all attached and have slight up and down wiggle movement when you push one up.I'm not sure if all phones by BlackBerry are built this way or not.In either case, I highly recommend this model.

i purchased this phone from amazon last march and i have to say that the price is insanely low. even though the catch is you cannot add the number to the existing family plan like mine, this is still a good deal.the item was delivered on time but it was defective, the n button doesn't respond as well as the other keys. it's utterly annoying because my first name begins with n. furthermore, the keyboard isn't as comfortable as blackberry bold and after a week of use, it lost its rigidness, i started to see this item as a 3 stars item.so i called tmobile for replacement, i was transferred several times to do the troubleshooting only to find themselves unable to replace the unit. i ended up calling amazon and without asking any nagging question, they just sent me one right away, even a day faster than my purchase shipping method. what an excellent service amazon has, cheap, professional, and satisfying.the replacement has a more rigid keypad than the first one. no defect at all. furthermore, i started to liking it. it has way more application memory than bold (119 vs 42mb), the design is fantastic, and the screen is way more vivid than the bold especially under the sun.i have no regret having this blackberry.i just wish they would make a better keypad for curve series.

My first Amazon review.  Let me say this.  I've owned a couple of Blackberrys in the past, and although I enjoyed them I am a mac user which means I could never fully enjoy all the features like the music player.When the Iphone came along I bought it as soon as I could (Leaving Tmoble to do so), and I loved it.  Still do actually.  I don't understand how many people say things like "the iphone sucks".  Really?  What does it take to please some people?  Some flaws, sure, but finally there was a phone that not only was designed FOR mac users, but also raised the bar for all the other companies.  Many of the coolest features on other phones are a response to the iphone.With ATT my phone bills went up on average 40%, and the customer care was horrible.  They suffered a bit from the "you're on contract so what you gonna do" syndrome.  That coupled with the fact that as a Mac User there weren't a ton of smart phone options, so I was stuck.Then I found the Curve 8900!With all the New Blackberry's  there is finally some real competition, which is a good thing for Mac users.  It finally seems like other companies realized that MAC people are some of the largest and most loyal consumers of electronics, and it doesn't take much to make us feel included.  I couldn't use the CD that came with the phone on my computer, but I just hopped on the web and did some downloads and now  I can use all the features on my Macbook, including itunes syncing and photos.  Which is great because the camera is awesome.  The only thing is you need the newest OS on your mac to use the software from the website, but if you don't have that you can also download Pocketmac, which works pretty well.I find the browser works great, and if you don't like it you can download another if you want.  Opera mini is pretty good too.  I just like being able to choose for myself, which is something I couldn't do on the Iphone.  The Iphone is still probably the best web surfing phone on the market in my opinion, but the Curve is still great!  I mean there comes a point when you may as well just crack the Laptop if you are going to do hardcore surfing.  That being said, I still go to all the same websites and it is just as fast as my iphone was.  The smaller screen means WAY better battery life.  I still charge it every day, but this phone has made it two days on pretty heavy use, and you can actually change the battery if you needed to which is a real plus.Expandable memory is a huge plus!  I've got 16 Gb in mine now.Blackberry just launched there own App store, that is much like the one found on the iphone, so now I have all the same things I had before on my iphone like Pandora, and Shazam.Going back to Tmobile was an easy choice too.  My wife is with them, and the customer care has been great.  And the plan they have me and my wife on is cheep!  I actually unlocked my iphone and gave it to her and now she is running it on Tmobile much cheaper, and because I had the 2g Iphone I actually think the data is faster on Tmobile.  Also the Curve switches to make calls over WiFi (on certain plans) saving you minutes.  That feature is so seamless you wont notice the switch.Yeah, yeah.  Some people say things like, 3g is a must for me.  But let me say this.  Lots of people are whiners who don't know what they are talking about.  The Curve has a fast processor, and great WiFi capability, and it is super fast.  Call quality is great.It's also  less fragile then the iphone.  Touch screens are glass and  I actually smashed my first iphone by dropping it from two feet.  YIKES!The Curve also feels more professional to me.  I can do Word documents on it, and although I can still play games and surf the web, I do less of the time wasting I did on the Iphone.  You know what I mean?  The usless surfing like "Hey, whats the tempurature in Australia?All up I am very happy with the switch.  If I had to pick a con, I'd say that the locking on the phone is a bit of a pain.  It can become unlocked in your pocket, but that was solved by putting a password on my phone.  I just hate picking cons because these phones are so great now a days!I also loved the Iphone, but the price and AT&T; was  getting to me!  A little competition keeps them all working harder to for us the consumer.

After my faithful reliable Razr gave up the ghost, I ordered this one. Immediately I hated it. Perhaps the most maddening is the graphics. They are so "good" that when navigating through the phone, or texting, the phone will be five or six button pushes behind and finally catch up. The text messaging will not finish words for you, and when someone calls and you flip the phone open, often it will take two or three rings for the display to load and allow you to answer it. You cannot upload your own text message sound, but can with ringtones at least. If the phone memory is full, [which doesn't take long] it requires you to delete sometimes multiple files before it will send a text message. After the Razr, the buttons are very inconvenient to press as they are barely raised and require one to look at the keypad the whole time which is not convenient for multitasking.I hate this phone and I want my Razr back.

There's plenty of reviews stating the specs on this phone so I won't get technical. I'll just say the phone is fantastic and you can't beat it for the penny pricetag(which actually got zeroed out in my bill). So thanks much Amazon!However, T-Mobile needs to get with the program. Not only did they try to switch my plan from a promotional 1000min/mo to 600min/mo claiming I couldn't have possibly found such a deal (even though I had the paperwork to prove it), they also tried to get me to send the phone back to Amazon and buy one off them "For free after rebate plus tax".Anyway I stuck to my guns and stubbornly refused any service contract other than the one stated on my Amazon invoice. After some quiet mutterings from the in-store manager and a lengthy phone call to T-Mobile headquarters everything went as it should. But what a hassle!In the end it was worth it though. Anyone who sees my phone is simply floored when I mention the fact that I didn't pay a dime for it. I've got friends with the same model who shelled out hundreds of dollars for it.The phone gets 5 stars, but I knocked the overall deal down to 4 because of the fuss T-Mobile gave me when I tried to activate this baby. Also their network coverage is sub-par, but it gets the job done. All things considered though this is a great deal!

I bought this phone as an upgrade to my old 8300 curve. For the most part, the experience of using this phone is just about the same as my old phone. Even though there is a new default them and an updated operating system, the blackberry functions just like the original Curves. But I did notice a few differences that I wanted to specifically mention:First, as everyone says, the screen is amazing, but it only pays off if you have good vision. In day-to-day use, you will notice the screen is sharp and colorful, but the real benefit is when you browse the web. Because the screen is higher resolution, you can fit more information onto the screen, but, as a result, text and images can be very tiny. When, for example, I read the NY Times web page on the phone, the text is so small that some of my friends have difficulty reading it.Next, I wanted to mention that the speed of the user interface starts off fairly slow in the first day or so, as the phone is updating software, syncing contacts, etc. I spent some time deleting unnecessary applications and freeing up space on the phone. After a few days of use, the phone is noticeably faster than my old 8300. (Example: when marking all of my email as read, it happens instantly, as opposed to taking a few seconds with the 8300.)Next, I am a big fan of the lock button on the top of the phone (the button is actually underneath the case--you just press the corner of the phone and it locks). It is much faster to unlock the phone with this dedicated button, but it is also easier to accidentally unlock the phone.Finally, I have to praise the camera. It is a 3.2MP auto-focus camera with an LED flash that actually seems to work. The image quality is still below what a normal camera can do, but it is a vast improvement from the old curve. The shutter button acts like a camera shutter--press halfway to autofocus, press all the way to take a pic. I would be happy with just using my phone camera on vacations.Overall, I'm extremely happy with my 8900, and I have no regrets for upgrading.

We purchased the phone and plan through T-Mobile, within the time period of the activiation fee waiver (special offer through Amazon). Therefore, I was surprised to see a $70 fee for activation from T-Mobile on my first bill. Called T-Mobile, and they said to call Amazon.  We called Amazon, and guess what, yeah, the service rep told us it was T-Mobile's problem.  Got on a three way call. T-Mobile told us we signed on too late for the waiver, but luckily Amazon had the records of the correct date.  T-Mobile would not give us any confirmation via email or writing that they will credit us, and we ended up having to pay the fee up front anyway.  They claimed they will credit us in 3 months (We'll see about that).  My two cents... beware of doing business with 2 companies where the right hand does not know what the left hand is doing.What irks me the most,  the contract agreement between the two companies has the grace period for the phone plan at 2 weeks.  The grace period for returning the phone is 4 weeks.  The blackberry screen was way too small for my husband to see, and we returned it within 15 days,believing we could get another phone on the same plan.  BUYER BEWARE, if you return the phone between 2-4 weeks after purchase, you will not be able to exchange or replace it with anything.  You will be stuck with a plan and phone number for 2 years and NO PHONE TO USE!!!!!....You will have to purchase a new phone, or use your old one (which defeats the whole purpose of getting a new plan).  If you do not like the phone,be absolutely sure you return it within TWO weeks and that you cancel the plan and get a new phone and plan penalty free.In all, It makes no sense to have a phone and plan with return/cancellation policies that do not work in tandem and are horribly unclear until you get stuck in the middle.  THERE IS NO POINT TO HAVING A 30 DAY RETURN POLICY IF YOU CANNOT EXCHANGE THE PHONE....

I trust you already know the specs, so I'll focus on the only negatives.1) the trackball thing sometimes gets stuck and won't move.  I think this might be a common problem and I don't have a lot of confidence it will continue to become easily unstuck several years from now.  This is - by far - the largest negative.2) the usb connection is a micro, not mini, usb.  nothing you probably own will fit it, so you will need to buy all new accessories.3) the micro-sd card that comes with it is WAY too small.  I found an 8GB card to be adequate for photos, music, etc.The pros are size, keyboard and screen, but everybody else already covered that.

Last year I purchased two Blackberry phones with T-mobile service as a birthday gift for my twin teenagers.  I opted to listen to the sales rep. and buy insurance for $6/phone/month which he said covered a replacement phone.  Inevitably with normal teenager texting use, one of the phones broke and the trackball fell out.  For a moment I had piece of mind knowing I had insurance and called T-mobile.  They quickly pawned me off to 'Asurian' who informed me of a $130 deductable.  What a ripoff!  $144/year and I pay a deductable!  Nothing is mentioned like this when you buy the phone!  Beware.  Also T-mobile coverage is pretty terrible.  Go with Verizon or AT&T.  Do not get insurance through Asurian though!!!!!

I got this phone when it came out a couple of weeks ago. I got it to replace my 8320 that I had with t mobile and this one has some visible improvements, I emphasize some, and not a whole lot. Mostly the changes have been cosmetic ( I have the black one). The curve is now sleeker and has a different menu face on the screen. Not much else has changed beside the addition to games,a hokey little built in clock which you can put in "bedside mode" ( utterly useless) and a hard to get used to, but nice once you get used to it  internet search feature that allows you to look at and zoom into the actual webpage, a little weird to use at first, but you get used to it. I am an avid photographer and this phone has a nice 3.2 megapixel camera, it actually takes pretty good photos, my friends thought I was using a camera with a higher pixel count. The camera although does not offer many options like the priced ones by Samsung. I guess Blackberry is more about business then photography, you have to pick and choose. The phone has some new games, including a poker one which is pretty fun if you are trying to kill time somewhere.  There are some drawbacks to this phone, the internet on mine has a tendency to freeze up randomly, despite it only being a few weeks old, it has issues also with the media player when playing videos from pages like [...]. I also have a Mac, so the phone does not like to sync to my computer as much as I would if I had a PC, although I do prefer this phone to an Iphone.  My computer's blue tooth does not work with this phone.

my contract was up at AT&T so I thought I'd save some cash on the monthly service, and get the newer 8900.  First off, let me say, I already tried getting an iPhone, but was unable to deal with the lack of power email capabilities, and that I really love having a good keyboard.  So I picked up my phone at tmobile, and was very specific about needing the "ENTERPRISE" data plan, which allows one to connect to a Blackberry Exchange Server at their corporation.  After unsuccessfully syncing at work, I had to call the tmobile tech support (call #1), so they could tweak my unlimited data plan to allow the enterprise connection to take place.  After that, my phone connected, but later locked up, with some "uncaught exception layout..." error.  Wiped the blackberry, rebooted a couple times, on the phone with tmobile's pda support, but gave up, and returned it... why?? because the keyboard sucks compared to the 8300 series, and after all said and done it was within $5-$7 of my ATT plan, why risk less coverage. Ok AT&T you win, I'll stick around... for now!!!!!!!!!  I will miss the wifi I enjoyed, and the better screen... maybe I need to get the bold!

Do not buy your cell phone through Amazon.  It is not worth the wasted time and aggravation.Two years ago I purchased a T-Mobile Blackberry through Amazon. Everything went smoothly and I am still using that phone. Since my 2-year contract is up this month I decided to purchase the 8900.I placed an order and almost immediately received an e-mail stating that T-Mobile had declined my purchase. I called T-Mobile and was told that under no circumstances would I have been declined, and that's not even how they operate. I have a perfect 2-year record with them. There's no way they would have declined me. They advised that I contact Amazon.Amazon gave me a run-around saying that they were merely waiting to hear back from T-Mobile. I found this highly doubtful because my Orders page no longer showed the phone. Still I gave them another day. When I called back to cancel the order, having by that time decided to go with Verizon, they informed me that the order had already been canceled.Good-bye to T-Mobile and good-bye to Amazon Prime. I honestly don't know if Amazon or T-Mobile is responsible for this mess but I do not appreciate the shabby treatment.

I am a newbie to smartphones and I was/am very happy to have "gotten" this device.  I am really stoked my cox email is grabbed by this phone and that I have the ability to be found anywhere I roam.  The resolution is amazing, the images it takes are outstanding, and to be able to click on ESPN's logo and receive live info is fantastic.The only thing keeping this piece of machinery from a "5" is the zoom in on web pages.  Some pages look great, some you have to zoom in and mill around to read what you want.  I am see 20/15 and still haven't mastered the proper way to view the web on my electronic rig.Great product though

I have owned this for about 2 weeks now. Some how i was lucky enough to have it shipped early and it has been the best phone I have ever had. Those familiar with the blackberries know that this phone has been anxiously awaited on for a long time and those who don't better ask somebody. The wait has been worth it and now the new Curve is gracing our hands. It really is amazing to hold in your hand. It's like when you first held the original curve, but even better! (if you can imagine that) Also the screen on it is the sharpest screen i've seen on a hand held. It's like Super HD if that's even such a thing. You can also make calls or browse on the Wi-Fi network and once you install Google Maps you have a great map system (since the phone includes GPS) The keyboard is very nice and easy to get used to. It's also not as loud as the old curve. The Chrome accents are very sharp on the edges and the phone is very sexy. The battery life is alright but i'm on it all day every day hence the Crack in Crackberry. Once you do a software update it lasts a lot longer. The web browser is a true web browser. People are complaining about no 3G and what not but it's not a big deal for me. It's fast enough. Plus you can have your face book and twitter apps right on the phone and it comes with about 5 great games right out of the box.Overall i would highly recommend this phone to anybody who wants to send and receive e-mail (which is full html) every day and who just wants a nice phone. The media functions are very nice on it as well. Movies that wouldn't play on my old Curve play very nicely on this one. The camera has auto focus and take very nice sharp pictures as well. Better than any other pictures i have ever taken with my cell phone. I have an 8 gb memory card in it (i bought off of amazon) and you really will be blown away by the pictures this takes. So sharp and crisp.I'm sure the storm and iphone are great but i need a keyboad. Sorry. No touch screens for me. I type off e-mails all day and with a little practice you'll be clicking off full page e-mails in no time.

I have to say that Ryan sounds like he works for BlackBerry or Tmobile.  The support he gives the phone seems to echo every "weakness" I have ever heard mentioned about the iPhone.  I own the phone and have a friend who owns the iPhone 3G.  Really, if I was ready to jump carriers, I would grab an iPhone.  It does everything except handle calls far better than the Curve.  The Curve is a far better smart phone that most, but, a dinosaur compared to the iPhone.This that I didn't like:-Not intuitive to use-Cramped keyboard-Weak browser-Lack of useful apps

The killer app for the Blackberry is, and has been the OS. It is the most stable, reliable, and advanced operating system of an smartphone around. I've used the G1, Treo's, Sidekicks, Windows devices and others, this trumps them all.The 8900 is not my first BlackBerry. It will not be my last either since I'm sure they will have something new and lovely I want in a year or two, for now though I'm more than satisfied.Things I Rave about:1) Memory! I have 12 third party applcations installed and still have more memory free than the older Blackberry's come with.2) Audio Video. The screen and speaker are better than any other mobile device around.3) Emaill. It's a BlackBerry, it doing this right all the time is a no brainer.Things I merely love.1) The browser. While it is improved over older devices, it is not quite on par with the G1.2) Camera. It has a great lens, great software to process the pic and is sharp and adjustable. Sadly when trying to zoom in and out the movement is slower than scrolling in other applications.The one thing I dislike is the switch from the mini-usb to the micro-usb. And for that this review is really only a 4.85

After using a Blackberry 8700 for over two years, I was happy when I had an opportunity to upgrade to the 8900 Blackberry.  The biggest problem with the 8700g was the trackwheel, which became unstable in the last 6 months of use.  It was bulky and a belt holster was the only way to carry it comfortably.  No internet access was also a problem.The 8900 does it all for me.  Small enough to slip into a back pocket, so there's no risk of dropping it from a holster.  The internet feature is great since the screen resolution is so crisp.  Lost?  Try using the very cool GPS or Google Maps to find your way home.The size is perfect, too.  Works well with bluetooth headset or Garmin GPS in the car.Liked it so much I bought one for my wife.  Buy it on Amazon and get a great price!

BlackBerry users are without a doubt a loyal crowd.  I had heard from numerous people that this was the phone to get because of it's email capability and fast processing speed.  So when the new 8900 came out, I jumped on it right away.  At first, I enjoyed it.  However, I think I was just more excited by the stunning screen and the fact that I had now joined the loyal BB fold than anything else.My main grip about this unit is the tiny key pad for texting.  I'm not a freak of nature, but I do have fairly large hands.  For me, this unit was just WAY to difficult to text on.  I was told to use my finger nails by a TMobile salesperson.  I'm a guy... I don't have nails.My other complaint is the image size for web page viewing.  You have the option to use a magnifying glass to 'zoom' in while on the web, but it takes awhile and you have to use it just about every time.  Just so you know, I'm in my early 40's but scored 20/20 on my last vision exam about a year ago.  I don't think my eyes have gone that quickly.  And as long as we're on the topic of web browsing, I'm just not a fan of the abbreviated page views.  I prefer full web browsing features like I would get on my laptop and/or iPhone.Finally, no 3G and most of the downloadable applications are fee based.  I don't get why TMobile would exclude this phone from accessing their new 3G network.Pros:  Quick email access, high-definition display, very decent audio/media playback, you can upgrade to 16gb of storage, it's a BB.Since I'm a TMobile customer, I traded my BB 8900 in for the G1 and I love it.  Much easier for me to type/text on and I have full web page browsing on the 3G network.

My 2 daughters kept telling me to buy the 8900 and get rid of my Treo because there were too many issues with the battery life. I was very reluctant at first however I did purchase the 8900 and I'm so pleased. It holds a charge all day and that's a PLUS.  I switched to T-mobile to take advantage of the special offer but I'm experiencing lots of dropped calls. Hopefully that will improve.  Never had that problem with AT&T, anyway, the phone is awesome and I'm still discovering new features. No longer do I have to carry a camera it takes beautiful pics and the sound quality on videos etc is unbelievable!

I was so excited when I got the phone then after playing with it for less than 10 minutes I will be returning it. The back cover is so cheap and if you drop it I am sure you will need to get another one you might as well order a couple off amazon.com right now. I am not impressed I have had the BB pearl and BB curve 8320. If you like a nice screen and the ability to record video this phone is for you. For $447 I expected more. There are only 2 themes that come with the phone. My hands are small and it is had to type a message the size of the BB curve 8320 was perfect if you typed well with that keyboard you will be disappointed with the 8900. The phone is faster and I am not on 3G but the phone is really fast without it. The BB apps are a JOKE, hands down apple has the best apps. BB app world has an ok selection for apps but you will pay lots of $$$$ for any app there over priced and the reviews are not good, a lot of the apps have no reviews which probably means they were to expensive. The weather channel $29.99 who in the world will spend $30 bucks to check the weather! This was free on my G1, Oxford dictionary $30 bucks, there is one free game. If you are looking to have a lot of apps be ready to pay a lot of money. I don't see what all the hype was about.Pro'sHas a camcorderTakes great picturesThe screen is brightYou have email capabilities (but now in days there are not many phones that don't have this feature)Phone is fasterCon'sNot worth over $250App's are too expensive not worth the moneySome web sites are not full HTMLKeyboard is difficult to type messagesYou just don't get your monies worth

My first review for this phone was 4 stars.  After using it for a few weeks now I feel I have to reevaluate and drop a star after encountering a growing problem with the trackball.I used the 8700g Blackberry for several years.  It was probably the last BB model that came with a trackwheel on the side instead of the trackball on the front.  Over the years the wheel never malfunctioned.  It was rock solid.  Of course, it was also very ineffective at moving around the screen.  RIM obviously had to come up with a better way.Like all mechanical mouses, the BB trackball will get dirt and dust underneath on the mechanical parts which causes problems with moving the cursor.  My google search indicated that this problem has popped up on probably every single BB made.After using the phone for a few weeks I have noticed that the downward motion is now much slower.  Left, right and up are OK for now, but those are also directions I use the least.  The downward motion is what a user would use to scroll quickly through an email or read a web site.  At this rate I'm going to assume that within 90 days I'm probably going to have to have the phone fixed or find out how to remove the outer casing to clean the trackball myself.  There are online instructions for other BB models, but I've yet to find anything about the 8900.  I'm going to be really annoyed if it's not possible on the user side to fix this problem.Now, on to the other pros and cons . . .ProsNew OS/interface is more stable and offers more featuresPhone is probably the smallest BB with a full keyboard.  A welcome change after using the 8700g, a model about twice the size in total volumeCamera has been upped to 3.2mp and comes with a flash.  Also has a video function, although I haven't tested that yet.Accepts Micro SD cards allowing you to have a full fledged MP3 player.  I put a class six 8gb card in mine for about $30ConsAs stated, the trackball!Back cover is a bit flimsyRIM doesn't provide enough themes with the OS and finding others (the much needed "Today" theme for example) is far more difficult than in the past.  You can get extra themes, but currently (as of early 2009), you will have to look hard for them as RIM isn't currently listing them on their online source page.Phone is actually slower at loading at some web sites than the 8700g on some networks.  The phone has a 2x faster processor.  T-Mobile needs to start thinking about moving on to 3G soon.RIM changed the power cord to micro USB.  The size difference is tiny, but it now forces users to buy new accessories (e.g. car chargers).  No excuse for this.The 8900 is a great phone to use.  It's an improvement over the earlier Curve and it's a few light years ahead of the old 8700g.  But the possible deal breaker for me is that trackball.  That the problem popped up so quickly and is such a common problem along the entire BB product line angers me more.  RIM should have come up with a solution for this by now.

I just switched to T-Mobile and decided to purchase a Blackbery in hopes to keep myself a bit more organized, and because I've heard these phones are great for tech savvy individuals.  Well, they were right.  I love this phone.  Everything that I've wanted in a phone is in this bad boy:-Mini SD up to 16GB-Use your songs as ringers (no more being forced to buy ringers or convert to proper media)-WiFi-Email straight to your phone-IM-Themes-Apps-Office compatibility-My Favs (saves me lots of minutes)-Actual webpage browsing instead of mobile website browsing-Multimedia player-Video and camera (3.2 megapixel)The phone has it all.  My only gripe is the trackball.  It can take sometime to get used to.  I've tried clicking on links or moving the ball to make selections only to click on the wrong item.  Typing on the keyboard can be a task if you have big hands.  Not to mention it can get annoying when you are texting or typing emails because you have to keeping hitting ALT before you type a number.Other than those few gripes, I must say I can't believe I haven't bought a Blackberry sooner.  All the previous phones I've owned always had some limits to what I could do.  I really think this phone is a much better purchase than an iPhone; which Apple continues to nickle and dime its customers by forcing them to buy ringers, pay to convert songs to ringers, send the phone off to replace the battery, etc.  I really think this is a much better buy for those who love to do it all on a phone.  If you are considering a phone, do not skip on the Blackberry.

I just bought this phone from Amazon.  A great deal which is cheaper than buying from the T-Mobile site.The best features of this phone are :1) Making phone calls over WIFI for free once you add the $9.99 unlimited hot spot calling to your plan.2) Very slim and sleek compared to previous Blackberry phones3) Gorgeous display screen4) You can even switch off the wireless portion and use it strictly on Wifi for voice calls and Internet/Email access  (however bear in mind if you are on WIFI only and you are using an Internet application like Flycast any voice call will end up going to voice mail.5) I have not used previous Blackberry's for listening to Music but with this one the sound is great and you can download some great applications for Blackberry like Flycast and Slacker Mobile to listen to Music.  I hooked it up to my Ipod docking station and it sounds great.6) Battery life is good as with prior Blackberries.  It lasts three days if I don't play any music and use it strictly for voice and email.7) The keyboard is easy to type on and feels solid.

I had an iPhone before this, I liked the easy to use nature of the phone and the easy integration with my mac. The problems that I had with it was inability to run multiple apps at one time and the touch screen was a bit cumbersome to type with, constantly making mistakes and people are like "What?"My friend had gotten a Bold and lets say after using it for a few minutes, I said to myself I had to get one. The problem was I didnt like AT&T; (the iPhone was hacked for T-Mobile), So I went digging around and found the Curve 8900, and amazon's price for it was the turning point. So easy to use and the GPS is great. The ability to call over wifi is nice, especially at work where I have no reception. I don't use the email feature like most people do but it is convenient to get my email where ever I happen to be. Sure the lack of 3G stinks, but for what I do and where I am most of the time, it doesnt matter, wifi usually seems to be always around.Battery life was better than the iPhone, which was surprising due the power and features of the device. Media playback was exceptional, although I wish it supported gapless playback (minor annoyance). The screen is so clear, and I have no trouble reading anything on the screen. The trackball, best thing on the device besides the camera and keyboard, allows for quick navigation and selection.If your on the fence about this phone, do not hesitate. Its a wonderful device and will not disappoint.

i love my blackberry. my girlfriend and i got one and it was unbelievable that we got it for 1 cent. i definitely recommend getting this phone! i love getting my email right away. overall this phone is great. and if people try to tell you that the phones are 1 cent because they are refurbished... they are wrong!

The best kept secret in cellular is UMA on T-Mobile which let's your phone make calls via wifi.  Bad reception at your home or office?  Just add wifi. Traveling the world?  Make and receive calls and text messages for free with UMA anywhere there's wifi.The way it works is that wifi minutes come out of your regular minutes, or, you can pay a few bucks more for unlimited wifi minutes.  That means if most of your calls are at home, work, school, or anywhere there's wifi, you can get the cheapest cellular plan, and use wifi minutes and save a bunch.  Check it out!

Is this the perfect phone, you will never need to buy another phone in your life.... no its not.As far as the phone goes, calls have all been clear, on UMA (this rocks btw), on edge, on bluetooth, and on speaker phone, works great as a phone! clear on both ends.I text alot, comming from a non qwerty phone, this one was easy to adapt too, I have normal hands I guess, if you bite your nails you may have issues. Ive tried the G1 and while the keys are more spread out, I felt this phone was more comfortable to type with.Emails are awesome, I set up my work OWA, hotmail, gmail, yahoo, and they all work like a champ and notify me when I have new emails.  Pretty easy set up as well. on BISCam is awesome 3.2meg, descent colors for a camera, and a flash.  Also has a video cam... not so great resolution, but just ok for MMS, or you tube quality.  I have only used mine as a flashlight with the one touch button on the left side and that is super nice to hit that button and the bright LED comes on to light up whatever you need.as a pda with the contacts and dates and calanders, all work very well and reminders all work well.Contact list has tons of space to put in everything about the contactsIt also has a normal size headphone jack, and not the tiny one.I would have loved to have the normal USB jack and I see alot of people are complaining about that... for me if I needed too, I could google 'micro usb to mini usb adaptor'  And see that for a few bucks I can get some adaptors and not have a problem with that.And of course e bay has tons of chargers, car/desk/usb and screen protectors and cases... all for pretty cheap.And onto browsing... not something I like to do on any phone, because the screen is to small, I looked at the iphone, and g1, and storm,  and none of them I could see myself browsing the internet with, its just not easy to read.  However apps that have BB adjusted web pages are nice to scroll around, facebook, and myspace, and youtube, viigio, crackberry of course, are easy to navigate.The Apps store is a nice place to get alot of free apps, weather included. I use weathereye and it pushes data to the phone and is free, there are lots of them... Since I am coming from Verizon, all this free apps is totally foreign to me hehe.For themes I found plenty(free) after googleing for under 5 min, and I could also make my own with a free bb theme creator.GPS, and maps. work well and update fast.  This is the only time I noticed 3G being an issue, is that the maps did not update as fast as I was driveing.I have had no issues with the track ball, and Ive played alot of brick breaker.I hear alot about battery pulls with BB's I have yet to do this. and I have upgraded my OS last night to v 4.6.1.231 and that was fun, everything seems a little bit snappier.something else I dont like is the memory card slot.  With finger nails and all It was a pain to get the worthless 256m card out,  Luckily its not something you need to swap since with the usb cable you can plug it into the PC and see the drive.Battery life I dont have a problem with, it seems to have no problems holding a charge with a full days use.Overall I think this phone is a keeper, Ive had no problems with T-mob even after I returned the G1 after a day.  I have not had a dropped call, or been out of a service area yet

Hey all, I want to make a few things clear before I get too deep into my review. There's been a lot of myths about BlackBerry that quite simply aren't true. First and foremost, this phone is NOT just a business phone, it can be optimized and customized to whatever you'd like. As of the past 3 days, I haven't needed to use my computer for anything except writing this review. Like I said in the title, I've been through 43 different phones on 4 different networks in 3 years. I've seen everything from the BB Pearl to the iPhone to the Samsung Instinct. As someone that has had a lot of different phones, both low end and high end, I feel like I've seen quite a bit of good things and bad things on all phones. My review is unbiased, as all reviews should be.The Pros:-WiFi and WiFi calling is simply awesome. This is a must because I don't get any cell phone reception at my house. I had a G1 and although it had WiFi, it would not connect to my router and it didn't feature WiFi calling.-Screen is beautiful. Don't let the size fool you, it IS smaller than an iPhone screen, but the fact is this screen is the closest you will find to true HD on a cell phone. Although HD currently doesn't exist on cell phones in the US, this phone has a very clear screen that just glows.-Camera is AMAZING. For a cell phone camera, this thing blows my mind, it takes better pictures than my old digital camera of the same resolution. It's a 3.2 Megapixel, but I swear it's much MUCH better than that. I took a picture of a pair of shoes, and I could see the grains in the leather, I could see the finest details. Best camera I've EVER seen on a phone.-Call quality is superb. With T Mobiles service, the reception area isn't as broad as I'd like, but even with the spotty areas of service, I haven't dropped a call yet. Great job with the quality, and shouldn't this be the most important detail of all?-Applications: No, it doesn't have an app store nearly as immense as the iPhone, but rest assured, the BlackBerry faithful have found ways to make apps for all your favorite stuff. The phone ships with a complete mobile office suite. It comes with a word processor, spreadsheet reader, and all the other goods that you would want with a business phone. It's nice having that XLS reader/editor, because I can easily track and update the rosters on all my favorite teams from anywhere.-Battery Life: WOW! That's all I can say, from the get go, you're going to notice the battery is quite a big larger than other cell phone batteries. Like most people know, when you're in the atmosphere of smartphones, a bigger battery almost instantly means better battery life, and this phone is no different. Thanks to the updated processor (which is incredible), the phone optimizes the phones different processes to make the battery life better. On the information above, it tells you that you can get 5.5 hours talk time, I got 7 hours of talk time on one battery charge. Most normal cell phones don't even get that.One other thing a lot people are asking about is tethering, and while T Mobile doesn't technically offer it, there is an application called TetherBerry that will let you use the BlackBerry for tethering.Overall: I know I've said a million different things up there, but the bottom line is this:This phone can be anything you want it to be, whether it's a social networking tool, or a business tool. This phone does anything you want it to. It's the whole package, and I think I'm done seeing other phones, I'm ready to settle down with this one.

I wanted to write a review for this phone because there are some misleadingly stelar reviews out there.  I purchased this phone in April 2009 based on the Editor's Choice rating at [...].  Since then, I've had a phone with nothing but problems. Which I'll list.First, when this phone is working as it is suppose to, its quite good. But I have had many problems, bugs, crashes, such as:Failing to connect to incoming calls when you answer.  Solution battery pull.Failing to complete outgoing calls.  Solution battery pull.Locking up when you open the flip.  Solution battery pull.I was doing a battery pull many times per dayNot connecting to my car through the Ford Sync system unless the phone is off when I start the car then turn the phone on.Then the worse problem ever.  On 5 occasions, I thought this phone had died forever.  I lost power and the phone would not even turn on, even after multiple battery pulls.  It would just vibrate for half a sec then die when I press the power button.I have found other blog/forum entries from people with this phone and the same problem.  The guess is that the T-mobile is software overlay is crap.Fortunately I had an incite on how to fix this problem.  I used the USB cable I purchased seperately and the [...] supplied update serivce to "reflash" the phone.  Of couse this wipes the phone contacts, applications, etc., but at least I have a phone again.It was so bad that I called T-mobile and told them I would leave if they didn't help me out.  They said I could get an early upgrade. So I doubt I'm the only one to have this problemThe last time I did this "reflash", I got something different.  I got a phone that now works the way it is suppose to.  Going on 2 weeks now my problems seem to have gone away.  Sony claims I installed the same firmware as before but I don't believe it.  So now I will keep it for awhile.

I first owned the Blackberry Curve Titanium and was beyond satisfied. Though I would of liked a more complete web browser, I loved that phone. Especially with the wi-fi and long battery life. When this model was released, these wishes were most definitely addressed. I'm a Blackberry Curve user for life. I can't wait to see what else they can add to the Curve. Watch out, G1. :P

Overall it is a great "Smartphone" and the best I've used thus far when it comes to stable, usable performance. I have, however, found it to have one serious flaw - there is something wrong with the ear speaker. In-call volume is so low as to render the phone fairly unusable except in very quiet environments. It is not an OS/Software issue (at least not after having tried 2 OS updates with no fix), but appears to be a physical problem related to the speaker (and I'm not the only one to have noticed this issue with the 8900). My only solution has been to use the speakerphone at full volume on all calls.....this works because the sound is projected both front and back of the unit when you use the speakerphone.

I purchased this phone from Amazon and received a shipment tracking number from them. After the promised delivery date has passed and the shipment tracking number they provided indicated that the phone was not shipped by Amazon, I contacted Amazon. Amazon told me to wait another week. After the week has passed, I asked them to cancel the order. Amazon told me that they will cancel my order but I will have to cancel the contract myself with T-Mobile. Amazon processed and issued the refund.I called T-Mobile to cancel and T-Mobile told me that they see some usage on the phone in Wisconsin and they will leave the contract active for few days so that they can catch whoever is using the phone. The customer support person indicated that they will contact me within three days. When no one contacted me, I called T-Mobile again and the customer person I got this time told me that they never do investigations and that the first customer support did not know what he was talking about. So she cancelled the T-Mobile contract which was less than three weeks after the Amazon sale date.One month after that, I received a bill from T-Mobile for the amount of $283 for contract cancellation and phone activation. When I called T-Mobile, I was told that Amazon should initiate the cancellation not me and there is nothing they can do. She also stated that I made a mistake by buying a phone from Amazon, it should only be bought through them to obtain a better customer support.I called Amazon again, after they rerouted my call to several individuals before I got the last idiot who told me that I need to file a police report for losing an item that I never had in the first place and they never shipped it. Even if it is obvious that someone at the Amazon facility has stolen the phone, they will not accept any responsibility for their own mistakes, flawed procedures, and incompetent employees and customer support staff. They wanted me to file the police report regarding a phone that was stolen at their facility which is in a different state where I live.I am so disgusted with Amazon and T-Mobile that eventually I got my new iPhone from AT&T; and I am very satisfied with both.  My lesson is to never deal with the incompetence and ignorance of the  Amazon or T-Mobile staff again.

I have owned this Blackberry since January and I think this phone is great.  The email and Blackberry messenger are obviously great features but that's not what makes this Blackberry so good. This is:-Great screen.  The high resolution is the first thing you notice and the first thing the comes to mind is "Wow".-The speed of the device is smooth and snappy.  Very fast.  The processor is faster than the older one and the internal memory is also increased.  You easily notice the difference.-MicroSD 16GB External Storage (You have to buy the card)-UMA is great to have if you travel.-GPS-Wifi works good for me.  I have no issues.  I love having it.  And while I'm talking about wifi, the browser is also a lot better than the older version.-The 3.2MP camera with AUTO focus is very nice.  It takes good pictures.Overall who ever gets this phone will not be disappointed.  I like this phone over the Bold because of it's size.  The Bold feels bulky compared to this one.  They are pretty much the same phone except for size and 3G.  The 8900 is the perfect size.  It's flatter and slightly lighter than older Curve.  The only thing missing from this phone is 3G but I can care less since I am always on WiFi.  If I'm not on WiFi then the only thing I am doing is emailing, using blackberry messenger, or on the phone.  So I don't need 3G and don't care for it.I did upgrade my firmware to .168.

I have had a BB Pearl, the older curve and now this one. I love this one.I had an episode when I got it where I had to take the battery out and restore it via desktop manager (app error 200). Make sure to update software ASAP before you lose all the info on your phone.After updating the software I was able to test and fall in love with the phone. It is sleek and sexy and doesn't have that annoying never ending hourglass that the Pearl did. The menus are sleek and modern and are dark in color to save battery life (which is excellent btw).The phone is sleek and stylish with just the right amount of chrome to make it stand out. The black plastic is glossy and curved at the top just like the Storm, and the trackball is black so dirt wont show up on it. The keys are identical to the older curve but the numbers are red and easier to see. There is no cheap plastic feel that the 8310 has.The camera is astonishing. 3.2 mp never looked better and the auto focus is a godsend because it makes the pics look so amazing. The screen is vivid and sharp (comparing the old curve with this one makes the first curve look like a child's toy).The Wi-fi is wonderful and has signal identical to my laptop. It makes signing up for the internet service a gyp (they changed the rules now so you must unless you are really nice and pretend to consider cancellation via 800 #). The internet browser is wonderful and the wifi is one of the best features of the phone which makes it a real gem. Remember: haggling is key--it is possible to get this phone at the discounted price without being required to sign up for the monthly internet service.T-Mobile is also the best out there for their customer service (not reception) and they have the best deals out there. You can also haggle, and by upgrading or signing up through the customer service number you wont have to pay any fees and they will give you free months of service 'till you cave in.All in all, this is better than the Bold and I highly recommend getting this beauty! Oh yeah, I have 24970 points on Brick Breaker so far!

I'm in pharmacy school and must have internet to look up drugs interactions, etc. and the phone is great and very easy to use for web. Very easy to text also (don't know what the other person was talking about). This phone also has LIVE GPS on it so it literally tracks as you are going somewhere and highlights where to go... it's great. I would give the phone 10 stars if I could. The graphics are amazing.

I purchased mine from Costco in June $49.99 with contract. For about a month everything was great, then the the back shell of the phone started getting lose. Right now 11-08-09 is even worse. I always carry it in the BB pouch. Everything else is still working great even over out of the country. Integrity of the 8900 compared to 8330 is terrible. my wife have had hers for 2 years and it still feel solid. I can't beleive that RIM released such expensive phone with such low quality.

I recently got the 8900 and I love it! They improved the software greatly, especially the browser. It looks very sleek and mature at the same time. I've experienced no problems so far. The best thing about upgrading on the blackberries is that transferring all your personal stuff from one to the other is a breeze. I recommend.

As of this writing, this is the only basic 3G phone for T-Mobile that can use HSDPA and get the maximum speed available (the Google G1 also does).  Because I wanted to tether my laptop to the internet via the phone, this was the main selling point for me of the phone.Unfortunately, T-Mobile has now disabled tethering in the TM506 by default.  I guess for marketing reasons they don't want you to tether with a cheap phone that can do 3G.  Fortunately, it's fairly easy to "unbrand" the phone with an alternate firmware that allows tethering, and that's the first thing I did.  You can figure out how to do this with a quick Google.  (Perhaps this voids your warranty - oops, guess I can always restore to factory firmware.)  You also need a data cable.The unbranded firmware offers more features than just tethering (which is simple to setup and works great):  it adds Google Maps, which I have found unexpectedly useful (GPS and real-time traffic have quickly become essential to me).  It also adds an FM radio tuner and the "TrackID" feature (hold phone up to a radio playing an unknown song and it tells you the song - amazing but it works!).If you read some other reviews of the TM506, they mention that the phone seems a bit sluggish and that's true; the first time I started to setup the phone, I accidentally hit a button twice (while waiting for the first press) and wound up getting into Spanish language mode!  Good luck getting out of that if you don't know Spanish! (too me ten minutes to get back to English).  However, it's usually  not a problem and just something you get used to.Battery life seems OK, not great but not awful.  Still, after about three weeks of owning it, I really love this phone.  Compared to my previous "free Motorola phone for T-Mobile, the TM506 is a quantum leap in features and usefulness, without splurging for a "smart" phone.  I bought an 8GB Sony M2 memory stick for it and can save tons of pictures and videos (and MP3s and podcasts) on it.  I also got a data cable for about $6 - both the memory stick and cable were purchased here on Amazon, because they had the best prices I could find.  (Memory stick was about 1/3 the price of buying it retail at Best Buy.)

[I purchased the 8900 directly from T-Mobile (TMo) and not Amazon][Updated March 2, 2009]I was able to purchase this phone about a week before its official release.  I was excited that I could get my hands on a piece of equipment before it was available to the general public.  I had high expectations on this product due to all of the hype surrounding its United States release.  I believe the phone was already available in Europe and Canada since late last year.  It is known as the Javelin outside of the US.  In addition to the 8900, I was also purchased the 8320.  I guess I can give a preliminary comparison of the two, although the 8320 is not primarily used by me.  It was given to someone else as a gift.  But I have played around with it for a bit.  Before going into the details, I have to say that the phone call quality is good.  But that all depends on your coverage area with T-Mobile.  You can check your coverage here:[...] .  It's been a month and I haven't had a drop call yet.  With Sprint/Nextel, drop calls were the norm.Pros:1. Noticeably smaller and slimmer than any of the current BlackBerrys (BB).  It is lighter than the 8320 but I didn't feel a big difference2. The screen is super sharp and detailed.  It sports a 480x360 (4:3) screen.  I believe the BB Bold and iPhone is 480x320.  Even though the screen is much smaller than its competitors, its bright and very detailed.  It includes a one minute video clip of a John Mayer concert to show off its display qualities.3. The processor is noticeably quicker than the 8320.  With the 8320, you have to wait a second or two longer for just browsing the phone's numerous menus and applications.4. The numbers are highlighted in red and not that flashy black/white style found in other BBs.  I believe the not-yet-released AT&T; 8900 will have that keyboard.5. Great photo camera (see Cons section for comments on video quality).  It even has auto-focus.  If you press the camera button halfway, you can see the camera focusing on the subject, just like a regular point & shoot digital camera.  The very bright LED flash is an added bonus.  You could use it as a small flashlight, if needed.6. Has both Wi-Fi and GPS.  The TMo 8320 only has Wi-Fi.7. Improved home screen and icons.  The 8320 looks a bit cartoonish.  Of course, you can change the "theme" and icons.  But most users won't bother or even know how to do that.8. Comes with BB Maps.  It's pretty good.  It's even better than my Garmin nuvi 660 because the 660 fails to display the name of the street that you're driving on when you're not in navigation mode.9. The micro SDHC card is no longer located beneath the battery as in the 8320.  So, you can remove the card without having to remove the battery.Cons:1. Too many browers.  The BB is a bit confusing in terms of the number of different internet browsers installed on the unit.  It has a different browser depending on which internet service you're using.  For example, if you're using normal EDGE internet service, it's called Internet Browser.  If you want to use Wi-Fi, you have to switch to Hotspot Browser.2. Even though BB and Amazon describes the 8900 as being compatible with DivX and Xvid (video codecs), not a single Divx or Xvid file has worked on the 8900.  I think Research in Motion (RIM) allows very early versions of those codecs to work, none of which is used by the mass public these days.  Hopefully, RIM will fix the 8900 with future firmware updates.3. The shift key is smaller than the 8320.  I don't know why they made it smaller.  There's empty room on the keyboard to accomodate a larger shift key.4.Keys are not as raised as in the 8320.  The 8320 is slightly easier to type with.5.Video recording is weak.  You would think that since the phone has a great camera, it would take better video footage.  Not the case.  The highest resolution is 240x180.  That's right: 240x180.  That's preposterous.  At least it has video recording.  The much acclaimed iPhone doesn't.6.Wi-Fi browsing is not as fast I'd like.  It's still far slower than using a laptop computer over Wi-Fi.  Probably has to do with the fact that the phone is a phone first then laptop/camera/video recorder second.7.There's no setting available to have the phone vibrate and ring at the same time.  You can only alternate the vibrate and ring.  Very strange.8. Battery life is below average compared to the 8320 and other non-smart phones.  This is due to the faster processor over the 8320, more detailed and vivid screen, and a multitude of applications running in the background.  Many smartphones suffer from this battery issue as well.  Remember to put the phone into standby by either inserting it into the supplied OEM holster (a magnet in the holster activates standby) or press the mute button for about 1 second).  There is some speculation circulating on the internet about the supplied OEM holster draining the battery when the 8900 is inserted, even though it is supposed to conserve the battery by initiating standby mode.I'll update this review as I'm still learning the ins and outs of this new great phone!!!! [Updated March 2, 2009]



I purchased this phone through T-Mobile and I absolutely LOVE it!  There are all kinds of great freebie apps that you can download that make it even more fun and easy to use!  I was going to purchase a laptop to bring to our summerhouse in Maine on the wknds, but this is far less bulky, and I can make calls on it to boot!!  Also have several friends that have the touch screens and they wish that they had gone the keyboard route--much easier to deal with!  I highly recommend it!

I am trading this phone in for an IPhone as soon as my contract runs out.  This phone takes excellent photos, has a sharp crisp screen.  The trackball leaves a bit to be desired, I've had mine replaced after 8 months of use.  The phone is quick to load apps, no other complaints, I just want to upgrade to a touch screen, larger screen so that's why I'm choosing the IPhone next.

I don't know what is worst, the phone or t-mobile service.  There customer service is completely useless.  Also, be very carefull with their billing.  If they promise you nights and weekends make sure that it is in writting.

I bought a new 8900 from TMobile about a month ago. It worked fine until about three days ago but now the trackball (cursor) will not go up, only down. I called TMobile and they will not replace my phone with a new one, only a used one. If this is how you get treated after a month....

I've been a T-Mobile customer since 2002 and have never owned a phone with such horrible reception and dropped calls. Never had this problem with any T-Mobile phone before, even the old Nokia phones from several years ago never had this much trouble picking up a signal. I also changed SIM cards to the most up to date one to see if that would fix the problem but still HORRIBLE reception and dropped calls. This is the most overrated piece of junk I have ever owned, don't waste your time on it......

Hands down this is the best BB ever and I've been using them since 1999.No more battery pulls daily for me. .168 O/S is totally stable.Wireless headset to enjoy music now possible - thanks Motorola.Wireless music control with Bluetooth Stero Gateway. I can now control music to my living room with my 8900.You will not regret this!Awesome phone.

Speaking in terms of electronics I've always thought I've been pretty much on top of new technology. So basically I thought I was the **** when I bought my Motorola Ming (A1200) 2 years ago. It's a nice little unlocked phone from Asia with a touch screen and what not but I always felt like there was much missing. I think I've found it in the 8900.Now I'm not one to really write reviews but I must say that this is by the best far phone I have ever owned. It blows so many any other devices out of the water. I was on a flexible go-phone plan with AT&T; so when I started to research 2 year plans and phones I had a few things in mind:1.) Durability,2.) Full qwerty keyboard3.) A decent camera4.) All around cool featuresIn the end, I choose the 8900 because it didn't have a glass touch screen (no iPhone or Behold for me thank you, replace cost an arm and a leg), the device is one of the most ergonomic out there, and it is loaded with a bunch of features that done drain your battery to 25% after using them for a few hours.On the T-Mobile end, they have some of the best plans out there considering for $75 (less w/student discount) I get 1000 min. a month, unlimited nights/weekends, and unlimited texts and web. Compare that to iPhone's price and you get 450 min, only 5000 n/w, and only 200 txts for the same price.

Like a few others, I was able to get ahold of this awesome device before the actual release. I was using a Curve 8320 at the time, and I thought it couldn't get any better than that- oh, yes it can!the first word that I spoke when removing it from the box and turning it on: SEXYbetter camera, with auto-focus- the camera has moving parts! beautiful picsthe screen resolution is GORGEOUSa ton more memory than the 8320- load them apps!standard BB features- SMS/MMS, email, web, WiFi, GPS, calendar, tasks, memo, Maps, Messenger, etc.. (sometimes I forget that it is a phone, too!)sleek design, lightweight.. this thing really is.. sexy!T Mobile service is great with this device.. and being a member of CrackBerry or similar forum/knowledge base site definitely helps get the most from your BlackBerry!

Updated OS, 3.2 mp camera, restyled case.Those the three main upgrades in store for anyone who previously owned a Curve. While the 8900 is a nice upgrade for sure - RIM still suffers from build issues in the Curve model line. The battery door on mine (and I've read elsewhere that others have this too) is loose and has "give" to it when I type (yes, you can solve this by sticking a business card between the battery and door).I've been using the 8900 for a couple weeks now. I also have a BlackBerry Bold (which I prefer for the larger screen and different keypad which I find easier to use).If you have small hands - the 8900 is a nice phone. It's size will fit in your palm just right and not be difficult to hold.In practice I find the control keys (send, end, escape, menu) that are between the screen and the keyboard are difficult (perhaps uncomfortable is a better word) to press. If you don't press in the right spot - there's very little give and after a while continued use hurts your finger.The smaller keyboard on the 8900 is less comfortable for me. I'm using a BlackBerry Bold whose keyboard I prefer because the keys are less pointed on the Bold. This will be a matter of preference - so you should try the 8900 keyboard yourself prior to making a final decision.In testing the OS on the 8900 is fairly stable. I've owned T-Mobile UMA equipped BlackBerry's before and they all seem to have some tendency to sporadically lock up on incoming calls when on UMA (which is voice and data sent over Wi-Fi). The lock ups don't happen frequently (maybe once a week at most) - but they're annoying.RIM's latest OS (4.6) has a major lag time when re-booting. I haven't run a stopwatch against my devices but both the Bold and the 8900 easily run 5 minutes to reboot. Hopefully enough people will complain and RIM will fix this. Earlier models of the BlackBerry had this same reboot lag but I do not remember it being this lengthy.Overall here's my BlackBerry 8900 PRO / CON list:PROS:- Uses a much improved BlackBerry OS 4.6.x- Vastly improved camera of 3.2 mp- T-Mobile UMA allows calls via Wi-Fi when out of native T-Mobile coverage- T-Mobile UMA allows data, sms, mms via Wi-Fi- Re-designed form factor for those needing a smaller phoneCONS:- Battery cover has give when pressed during normal use- Lacks 3G capabilities- T-Mobile cellular coverage in Northeast (and I believe elsewhere) is the worst of all carriers- Sporadic lock ups while on UMA- Smaller screen and keyboard may be too small for some (especially screen)- Inserting micro-SD card requires removing battery cover (though not battery)Is this a good phone to buy?In a word - Yes. I think for the price Amazon offers it (after rebate) you have a hard time finding a better bargain. Given all the pros and cons I think you should zero in on the T-Mobile coverage first and be sure that you'll be adequately covered in your home usage area.Also, first time BlackBerry buyers should be aware that there's a mandatory BlackBerry data plan required to use this phone. I've read lots (LOTS) of messages on discussion boards about people trying to get around this and while it seems that some do skirt the data requirement (and be aware that if you buy through Amazon you are required to keep data on your line for a period of time or you can be assessed a penalty) - most find that there's no good way around a BB plan.

I had this phone for about a year and experienced the same problems described by other disatisfied users on here (Low memory, long waits for text or menu navigation to catch up, inexplicable call drops) when it finally started just freezing completely in the middle of calls. I would pull the battery to reboot it and that worked for a while. Then it stopped recognizing the SIM card. I got my data transferred to a new SIM card, but it still did the same thing.Mind you, this was  exactly a month after my warranty ran out but 9 months before I was eligible for a discount on a new phone. Nice.Add on to that that this thing is in the upper echelons of cellphone radiation output and you've got a real loser on your hands. I'm sticking with Samsung phones from now on.

Love this phone. Huge improvement over past blackberries I've used. One MAJOR complaint is that the "vibrate" is especially weak. Its nearly non-existent. I hope RIM is working on this problem, as it seems to be a widespread complaint.

This is my first smartphone and I'm so happy that I made the right choice of buying the BB Curve 8900. It's so good that I made my mother-in-law upgrade her phone to this unit! It's perfect! nothing to complain about it, the qwerty keyboard is perfectly spaced, the apps are so cool even when their free, the feel of the phone is sturdy/solid, never had a problem with the roller ball, great pictures for a 3.2MP camera (it tops my wife's 5MP fone), the speaker works perfectly! I bought 8GB mini SD card to keep my pictures and videos so it makes my fone more useful! It comes with the standard internet subscription and it works perfectly well for me too, I get to receive my office emails, chat with my friends thru the pre installed YM, check my facebook account, listen online radio thru Pandora, and I get to browse the internet anywhere, especially when I want to read some review of items that I plan to buy, or search ingredients of the food I want to cook when I'm at the grocery to buy it.

The 8900 is a world ahead of the 8320.  Going from the 8320 to the 8900 I already knew how to use a BlackBerry.  The 8900 fits in my hand just right.  The keypad feels good.  The screen and camera are much better than the 8320.  I would recommend this BlackBerry to everyone.The only thing I find annoying is the charger.  They changed from the old USB, which I tons of chargers for, to the micro.  I had to buy new chargers.  But its located a little too low on the phone, making it harder to type and charge.Overall the best BlackBerry I have ever used.
