
When I got this phone the box it came in had a different searal number than the phone & was a 16GB not an 8GB Good for meNO the 3g did not work did a itune's reset to fix this problem after reset the phone was lock out by Apple (can not be turned on) Called Apple Tec support They said the phone was not unlock (most likely JAILBROKE) that the 90 day Tec support was over (had it just 2 days ) and that the carrier was a company from the UK called Orange WAS THIS PHONE NEW ? "NOT" The company in UK could not unlock it because I did not buy from themNext there was a card in the Box the phone came in saying if you Leave a postive feed back they will extend your warrenty 45 days (kind of like paying for a good feed back) after much searching (thanks to the card they left in box) I found out that Midstar cellular was the dist. of the phone got a hold of Paul Babichenko how said to e-mail them & they would unlock this phone that was 7 weeks ago I have left messages & no  one  has ever got back to me WOULD NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY UNLESS YOU KNOW HOW TO HACK PHONES & NEVER WANT TO USE ITUNES.Apple said if you call them with a seral number they can tell you if the phone is new & unlocked correctly IF the seller will not give you the seral number then it is not real unlocked phone

I bought two iPhone 3g for my sister and brother in law, none of them were factory/country unlocked. So I had to spend extra money to get them unlocked. Also, one of the iPhones had a non-functional battery, which, again I had to buy with my own money back in home country and have it changed. I thought the extra $$ I was paying contrary to other iPhone 3g deals on Amazon would be worth it, but it wasn't.The only good thing I'd say is that the iPhones, although used, looked pretty much new.

Product works great. So far no complaints but I'm not a Smart Phone expert. Probably buy one for my wife's Birthday next.Note, screen is small but I knew that going in.

The very bottom of the screen has an area about 1/16" that has lines through it and makes the words unreadable in the area.  Other than that, it works as expected.  I live in Haiti so it is very difficult to return it.  I bought it to use as a replacement for my Digicel phone and make it possible to use the map ap so I can figure out where I am at in Port-au-Prince as I drive around.  It appears it will work for that.That was then, this is now.... The Wi-Fi antenna quit working after 3 months.  Amazon is offering a full refund on the phone.

El tel&eacute;fono me lleg&oacute; con las especificaciones tal cual dec&iacute;a el vendedor, NUEVO y realmente DESBLOQUEADO, trabaja perfectamente con las operadoras venezolanas, se escucha bien y se conecta al internet perfectamente, s&oacute;lo he notado que tarda un poco al cargar las aplicaciones o p&aacute;ginas, pero puede solucionarse con una actualizaci&oacute;n de software que aun no le he realizado, adem&aacute;s que como todo iphone le dura poco la bateria y en mi caso solo carga directamente de la computadora porque del toma corriente tarda demasiado, pero eso son detalles que a mi parecer no dependen del vendedor. realmente recomiendo este producto y mi decisi&oacute;n de comprarle a este proveedor "the OEM Shop" fue por los comentarios de los compradores anteriores y ahora yo tambi&eacute;n quiero compartir mi satisfacci&oacute;n con ustedes para que compren tranquilos.

Ok first of all, not only is it missing a volume button, the home button barely works. It's OS is so old that the whole phone barely works. In fact the on/off button on the top of the phone doesn't work at all either.I'm sorry I bought this phone.

wonderful

I bought this item from Zekostore because I heard they sold quality products compared to some of the other sellers. I'm so glad I did. If you're going to buy this, but it from them. The phone came in VERY early and was in the condition described (very good). Everything works and runs fine so far. I thought at first the battery was problematic but it turns out I wasn't leaving it on the charger long enough. Regardless, the customer service at Zekostore offered to replace my phone or give me my money back. Now that I know to charge it overnight, the battery lasts for two days! Very happy customer.

I have bought a iPhone 3G UNLOCKED phone. No where it was mentioned that the iphone was a jailbreaked handset.After buying this phone when I connected to iTunes, it prompted to upgrade the iOS. When I selected yes, then the iOS was erased. That point of time I came to know that the phone was not "a unlocked by company" but it was a jailbreaked handset. I am really upset with the product. I don't know how to re-install iOS. So beware "UNLOCKED" phone. it may be jailbreaked.

The iPhone we bought was faulty. It had a buzzing sound that would annoy the caller. It cannot be used at all! How could one sell such z product. The return of the product  was not accepted as well. Beware from buying this or from the merchant if u r looking for quality products!

A little bit old iphone,its okay though next time i will buy something more advanced.

The iPhone 3G is the second generation of iPhone, and was introduced on June 9, 2008. So as of May 2013, it is a 5 year old device! It was stte of the art in 2008, not anymore. It is amazing it is still in top 10. Granted this is unlocked, but it will perform really slow with modern apps. And the battery! Beware of that also.If you are going to browse/email, and yes phone using this device it is a good buy after all. Don't expect to play the high adrenaline car racing games with this phone.* Weight  133 g (4.7 oz)* Operating system iOS 4.2.1 (build 8C148) Released November 22, 2010; 2 years ago No longer supported;* CPU Samsung 32-bit RISC ARM 620 MHz* Memory 128 MB eDRAM* Battery 1150 mAh, 3.7 V* Display 3.5-inch screen 320-by-480-pixel resolution at 163 ppi* Rear camera 2.0 MP

There a few different problems with the phone. I bought if for someone else because I know how nice IPhones can be but this one did not work properly and it will most likely not get used. =(

Very good phone look like new  phone very very very very  good. Thank you a lot for the phone thank.

Shipped very fast AAA+++ would buy again in the future, bought for my daughter that lives out of state, for Christmas, she is very happy

This phone was too old to update (limiting app options significantly), painfully slow on the internet, and crashed from time to time. I think it's a bit too outdated to use these days.

Got this for my grand daughter , she really does like it , she started using it imediatly , Thank you .

I bought this without realizing that IOS can't be updated. Very few apps work on this phone, it is slower than molasses  to load anything, and randomly shuts off without telling you the battery is low or going into the red. I would recommend either spending the extra for a 3GS or 4 that apps work on or just buying a cheap phone of another brand. This is a waste of money.

It's kind of disappointing, since half the apps are made for the 4.3 operating system.  You can't upgrade the 3g at all.  It's good enough for me for right now, but the volume button is partially broken off, and I really wanted a certain game app!  And OMG, watch out for the idiots that work in India regarding Straight TAlk...I have wrote letters about how rude they can be and how you can't understand them with enough clarity and they won't STOP reading from the script so you can ask them what you really want to know.  If you buy for straight talk, first thing you must do is go to a wi fi hot spot and download the APN. then the 3G stuff will work!  don't call unless you absolutely have to!

Do NOT buy this phone. Just don't. The phone is slow and there are not many apps that can be used on this outdated phone. Also, my phone got stuck on the apple logo start-up screen after a few months of use because of the jailbreak. This phone was horrible. Do not waste your money!

iPhone 3G is discontinued by Apple, which means you will not be able to install ANY application. You will have a working phone but will not enjoy Apple Store :(I should have read reviews before buying.

You cant find anygood price like this anywhere. Even if you do it maybe not good as this one. An freaking iphone 3G ? its gonna get ur butt runing all day if your a school boy like me. but i would highly reccomended to get this phone. So dont wait ! peoples. you know your a little excited when you read this comment.Features.3Megapixels Camera480p Screen resolution8 GB storage to store some of the junk you download :-) you know u do.3G network connection, Good to web browsing some websites.Wifi buiting. cannot affort a internet connection ? use your router.Jailbroken: You can downloading Apps freely. i mean the appstore seems a rip off unless your rich.

This phone got here pretty quick and did come unlocked. I inserted my simple mobile sim card and it worked just fine. Only problem is that no earphones or instructions came.

I hate this phone , waste of my time & money cant even get to download no apps or music or nothing . I spend a whole lot of money for this & im so disappointed & angry , I lived in the Antigua in the Caribbean . I need my money back or how can I return this & get a better one.

I purchased a iPhone from Wireovia and it didn't work. Emailed them back and forth and had to return it for repair. received it back and it still did not work.

i did not read close enuff, on the next page, it states BELOW, what is advertized as &#34;new&#34; is actually REFURBISHED!!! how i found out? i never ever cud get the wifi to work, so finally after 6 mths of troubleshooting on my own and just tolerating it (the cell function worked OK), i finally called Apple only to be told that my iphone warranty expired in NOVEMBER 2010!!! i only had it since Febuary 2014. i was livid.thankfully Amazon is allowing me to return it after almost 6 mths due to the circumstances. but this is blatant false advertizing. i even thought i had pd $170 for it, as was advertized BUT on the 2nd deceitful page it was only $130. a dead giveaway had i pd attention.all i can say, mind u from experience, &#34;BUYER BEWARE AND ALERT&#34;..:-(((

i received my phone in about 5 days. I was very happy with the appearance and the quality of the product. I must admit I was a little leary of ordering a used phone. I would recommend using Amazon to anyone.

Expected a lot got dissapointed this has terriable battery and the phone is to small the touch screen sucks I will never buy another Apple product

muchos problemas con el telefono, el cargador no funciona, el cable usb no sirve, no me gusto, no lleno mis expectativas

Looks like its been scratch with sand paper.Sticky and very old!!!!!Is a second fone, to take it overseas.Im gona give it awayNow lets hope it works.

I am completely satisfied with everything I buy from Amazon until I bought this Apple IPhone! I made the mistake of just buying this hunk of plastic then reading the reviews the next day lesson learned!! All the bad reviews were 100% correct I experienced the same problems !

This phone is outdated and no apps will work on it. I sent the phone back and I was charged a 15% re-stocking fee plus $7 dollars for shipping it back. Rip off; not recommended.

phone arrived in a non-working condition. it was not what i thought i was buying. phone should have been better described in listing.

I love my phone and I have had no problems with it so far.it was just as it was advertised and arrived in a timley fashion.I  love Amazon.

He his a good man to do bussiness with. He take good care of his customer. I will recomment him to anybody.

i got really sad  and frustrated!i both two iphones and guess what, they are not working! none of them! curious!ive been charging them all day and nothing! i mean, nothing! both not working? why? i dont understand, but looks like the company(phonemax)choose broken iphones to sell me. im trying to charge in computer and also on the wall, but nothing! other point is: why the boxes are not original since i pay them &#34;new&#34;!  cause i can tell they were used before, cause there was some signs. as i said, i got really really disappointed.

bought this phone from west net online and wouldnt charge, got a relacement and the same issue. these are old phones with dead batteries or nearly dead batteries. dont waste your time or money. if you want an iphone i suggest you go with a newer model unless your able to change the battery yourself. just not worth the time or money. two iphones and none of them worked, so a word to the wise, buy something newer.

I recieved the product as described and in expected condition. nothing less then explained in description.great service and will definately recomend it to others

After a few days, the phone froze. I think that some teenagers got the phone &#34;unlocked&#34; instead of being factory unlocked.

the phone was ok. I could not update the phone but needed to for what I was trying to do. I run a business and need to be able to except credit and debit cards. I was not able to update with ios5 so the phone was no good to me. Just look good on my hip. Unfortunatly that wont make me any money. I was honest enough to send the phone back with everything that came with it and even made sure it look the same way it did when I opened the box. I have been wiating for over 3 weeks to get my money back and Amazon is telling be I might have to wait another two weeks. That's Just bad business! 150 buck your money and you have to wait almost two months to get it back? I don't know about you but have have a lot of places I could put 150.00 bucks. I still haven't got my money back. Amazon, you should treat your customers that way. No more ordering from Amazon for me.

It was Ok but when I tried to erase all my information from the cel it crashed. the other thing is that you can not use whatsup with this version

I ordered this phone, and I received it. With no charger and unable to put my sim card inside because a piece was missing from the Sim card area of the phone.

I ordered an Apple 3G iphone on August 6th-2012  listed as &#34;new&#34; . After only a few months I was having problems with the wifi then the screen. I went to see if I could send it back I found that the serial numbers on the phone itself did not match the number on the box it came in. The headphones that came with the phone are  both left ear pieces and the remote control on them doesn't work. I don't believe this is a genunie Apple phone and I think I was sold an inferior knockoff. Since the return policy of the company was only good for 30 days and the phone didn't start acting up until after the 30 days had passed, I was out of luck. What recourse do I have with this expensive phone that now will not work at all??? Please advise. Thank you.

These items were advertised on AMAZON as NEW. Before buying these 2 items, I contacted the selling company 'Bytes of Deals' to ask whether they were in fact BRAND NEW, as in unopened & in original packaging from Apple & whether they would have the original 1 year Apple warranty. The company assured me that they were absolutely new, unopened, never used & in original Apple packaging & would indeed have the 1 year Apple warranty. To assuage my doubts this company offered to provide me with two new Applecare 2-year extended warranties. Based on this information we purchased these two Apple iPhone 3G&#8217;s. After receiving the products I had to immediately travel overseas where I am now located (Germany).Today I tried to register the iPhones via the Apple website but the automated information given there - based on the Serial # ID&#8217;s from the phones - explained that these phones had been PURCHASED in 2009. I then called Apple & tried to register the iPhones for their supposed original 1 year Apple warranty. However the Apple representative explained exactly what their website said which was;1. the phones HAD been purchased in 2009 & NOT by a wholesale reselling company (like Walmart) but by PRIVATE individuals.2. Apple would NOT honor the original 1 year warranty and,3. that even the two Applecare 2-year extended warranties were valueless & could not be honored or registered.This company &#8216;Bytes of Deals&#8217; and their other FRONT company called &#8216;iCellPhones&#8217; ] is selling through Amazon website and is telling OUTRIGHT LIES via Amazon. This is an outrage and AMAZON is responsible for permitting false advertising & lies on their website. I will expect that Amazon (or Bytes of Deals) will pay for the international return shipping for these products.I would suggest that you BUY 10 &#34;new&#34; iPhones from either of these charlatans and then return them for the same reasons. May be they will get the hint & start being honest. I doubt it.

Right now the iPhone is working properly and I already check the iPhone is the overall situation is very well. Finally I am satisfied by the seller for his immediate reply.

I ordered two I hopne front the same company, ones is just perfect and nice, but the other never charges... How come? I charched all night made one phone call in the morning then the baterry was dead!!What can I do? I don't know where to call or if the will refund or send another I phone!! Can someone give an ideal?If was for the that I would give a five star!

Since i received the phone i notice it was not new,  It didn't work properly, is too slow the applications take forever to open. I just bought it two months ago and today it just stopped working. Definitively a bad purchase.

Phone was supposed to be unlocked but wasn't. Phone works but will have to pay to get the phone unlocked.

I like it a lot the only thing wrong with it was when u power it on it took awhile to power on,.Other than that it was a good phone

received iphone that was supposed to be new, but had a few serious problems.no sound during a phone call, home button doesn't work well and tends to get stuck and freeze not allowing to return to main page, no option to close open applications thus causing the phone to be very slow and lose total battery within the hour.very disapointed...

If you trust me dont buy it.if had a chance to give number 0 i will do that.its not qualify for any number.I bought that new product but it wasnt turned on at all.then i return this product.i dont have any idea why they sell damage product.its just wasting our time plus money.but thanks to them at least i got my money back.

the phone was not new  as it was advertise it had a song downloaded  on it wich a new  phone  would  not have , also  you could not heard the person calling you ,you would have to put it on speaker so you could herad it , in my opinion this was not a new  phone  .

It was easy to buy it, I found a good price at Amazon The Iphone came in time and in the same condition it was written, I am pleased with all the transaction.

I just received the Iphone 3g today. I was skeptical to see the condition of the phone. When I opened the package, I was amazed to see that it was in perfect condition. No scratches or dents on either side. It was in the Iphone box with the charger and usb as stated. Amazed, thank you!

Thanks for the great service! I love that I was able to return and and I'll be back for more. You are wonderful to do business with.

I already posted once about having received my iPhone in great time and speed from Worldwide Distributors.  Not to mention, the phone was brand new (no scratches) and jailbroken as promised.  As a gift, I had to wait to see how it ran.  We put the sim card in and it works wonderfully.  As of now, there are no problems.  The system is great and everything seems functional.  We will make sure to not update through iTunes for any reason.  I would definitely purchase from Worldwide Distributors again.

I wish I could say when I bought it, it would be useful, but the screen went blank after three days, and I noticed the screen wasn't even put on correctly, I had to peel out the rubber molding that was hanging out the sides. Only buy if you're willing to get it fixed for another 100 dollars.

Great colors very vibrant for it being frozen! amazing with no sugar its that sweet!! can't believe its 8GB too AMAZING stuff!

The phone is fine and works great, but I didnot know you couldn't get a newer iOS to download.  I can't download any app.

While this phone was state of the art in its day  years ago and a very cool phone at the time, the technological advances in the past few years alone have rendered this phone useless. my advice , spend a few more bucks and get the 4g if you want to stay ahead of the tech.

3G rules!!! Came in perfect shape. Brings back memories.... Super slow and can't get any good apps. Call and text is all you need anyway.I'm on the phone non stop for work and this thing really gets s*** done. Over here!!!

Right from the beginning this i-phone 3G 8GB makes a noise which in mny cases makes any conversation unsupportable. My wife calls it "the airplane". I would rather call it the "Vuvuzela" like they used it during the Socker World Championship in South AFrica. With the difference that it isn`t just a background moise but totally in the foreground. I must doubt that those are new phones, but rrather are recycled. Or this is a prticularly bad specimen, or the business of selling those phones is not serious, to say not more.

Wireovia sold me an altered phone which does not work and they voided the warranty by their alterations.  They also refuse to take responsibility and remedy the situation.

Loved the fact that my iPhone came quickly!!. It was practically new. Will do business with you again since my mom wants aphone as well.

No &eacute; bom neg&oacute;cio adquirir um Iphone inferior ao 4. O Iphone 3G no permite a instalao de v&aacute;rios aplicados devido ao seu iOS, que no atualiza. No recomendo o aparelho a ningu&eacute;m.

I bought this phone as a gift for my Father for his birthday. It worked for abou a week and now it will not charge. I have yet to contact amazon about returning it. I hope I can atleast send it back for a refund.

I need a screen saver for the back and connect my data and soon I get myself a better case for my iphone 3g

I needed a phone so i bought this one and then The phone arrived quickly and worked flawlessly. Can't download iOS 7 though:(

This unlocked iphone 3G is very good and can used T-mobile or orther network except Net10.Unfortunately, this unlocked iphone not includes any charger or original box.

This phone broke after 2 days of use. The home button stopped working sound cut off and the speakers stopped working. Terrible buy.

This phone is still very popular and can do many things, and it has the original classic look.Would recommend to Freind

The phone was 'not new, and inside was a fake I phone, fake parts!! I tried to update the software and the phone got in recovery mode. I took the phone to apple store and they told me that the phone was 'not even an IPhone :(

Hi, this phone is new, is pretty.. and is just I am need.. It is unlocked and work perfect in Venezuelan..

I previously purchased an Iphone that came with "no Wifi" and very low battery life. The seller has been supportive on providing the online software tools for trouble shooting, but there were inefficient making it a hardware issue. While the seller stated that no refunds would be made to open box items. He is willingly to take the phone for full refund.This shows how the seller takes the extra step for customer satisfaction, problems caused and a good reputation..! Specially with web2.0 If you make customers unhappy in the physical world, they might each tell 6 friends. If you make customers unhappy on the Internet, they can each tell 6,000 friends.Congrats Abe.!Jorge

The screen became inactive after less than 3 weeks. It is now useless. When I bought a used phone, I hoped to have it work for at least a year. I was wrong.

The phone was just what I expected. I put it in service on a T-Mobil non-contract line and it works okay. My only complaint is the fact that there are no more upgrades for this phone so most of the apps on the ap store cannot be used on this phone. So...you can get the phone and put it in service but if you can't afford a newer phone with a supported operating system you might as well keep the phone you've got.

The phone is broken!It does not hold charge!The start key is not working.The screen has been replaced by a third party company!!It is not a new phone!!

I cannot update the software, and the phone is currently failing. This phone is not unlocked, it is cracked, which is very different!

the phone is used also not released, has rebuilt parts and missing screws in addition to other pieces, the battery does not work by goodeal05

The phone was slow and didn't even upgrade it, but the advantage was I could just put the international sim card into the device and it began to work

The phone would have been just what I expected if it worked. It would not charge, I had to send it back a day after I got it.

This phone will not charge at first and when it did, it only kept a charge of only one day and the phone wont come on at all.this will be the last time i buy something from this vendor.

THe product was received the next day.  Loved the quick service.However the product did not charge.  It was plugged in for over 12 hours and the battery never left the red zone.  I ended up sending it back for a refund.

el telefono vino con el pin de carga da&ntilde;ado el vendedor es un irresponsable, tengo que mandar a repararlo por mi cuenta no lo recomiendo

We are Americans living in Europe so we needed an unlocked IPhone.  The prices in the European country where we reside for an IPhone are double compared to the US.  I wanted to buy this for my husband for his birthday.  I had it shipped to my parents in the US and it arrived just fine with the recharger & USB line, earphones with microphone, etc.  It was packaged very well.  But if you also need an IPhone to use outside of the US, here is one thing you MUST be careful about.  When you hook the phone up to your PC to activate it, do NOT click on the option to upgrade or change the existing settings.  If you do this, you completely mess up your phone and you will need to take it to a computer specialist or Apple store to restore the settings.  This happened to us.  But the computer specialist in our neighborhood fixed it right away and my husband has been using it for over a week without problems using the SIM card from his older cellphone from our European provider.  He has downloaded his music in ITunes without problems and makes calls and sends SMS without problems.  So everything is fine now.

The phone is in good condition but its not connecting to any wifi. It is a real inconvenience but hopefully I can find someone to fix it.

Very good , arrive on time and everything works ok, and the I Phone is just great Partner to live and work with

the  phone  in a good  condition  but  it is LOCKED! really ! this is misleading so i have to unlocked which i have to pay 50 dollar i sent the seller a message and he did not replay yet if you looking for  unlocked phone do not but from this sellar but if you are looking for a locked phone this phone is great.

The seller said this product was refurbished, but it was not refurbished with Apple components and there are some things wrong with the phone: the home button only works one out of three times (so I have to push it a lot before it actually works), and no matter how loud I set the volume for the ringer when a phone call is coming through, it will only vibrate. Most of all, though, I am disappointed that I was led to think this was Apple-factory refurbished, yet there are non-Apple parts in the phone, which means they are not working as well as they could be together and some functions of the phone are very slow. I have bought refurbished products from apple.com directly and have never had this problem, so I believe that this phone was improperly refurbished by a non-Apple party.

ill be honest with you and everyone elese i still havent received the product i paid for over a month ago

jrsshop provided an excellent product and was available for any questions or issues that came up. I would definately recommend this seller for any product purchases.

Recieved phone in a quickly time frame. Phone has a couple places on but does not interfere with the working condition of phone. Phone works great! Thank you

arrived nicely package with an ugly phone inside it was scratched - chipped and missing on/off button.  very very disappointing

lamentablemente la empresa por la cual estoy registradas para los envios a venezuela extravio el producto y no puedo dar ninguna referencia del mismo

Would not charge at all when I received it so I returned it and purchased an I Phone 4S thru Straight Talk. It cost way too much but now that I have it I love it.

since i had this i phone it has been one problem or another ,many times i can not received or call out sometime i will be on the phone ,the phone will just turned off by itself. this is a bad product  .the cheap phone i had before this , i use it for long time with out any problem  this phone always in searching model for text,calls it dose not matter what area  first i throught it was my line provider than i realized it was the phone, amazon do sometme.by the way this phone was brought 5 mouths ago new.

I bought this cellphone for my husband as a gift for Valentine's'day, he is really happy about it. I had to take it unlocked because we are living in Haiti.  We are pretty satisfied: just had to insert the SIM card then ready to go. Very good tool and useful features.

The first phone got hot and the battery discharged in 4 hours from a full charge, so I returned it.  I tried to update the software in the second phone on the Apple site and was given an error 1015, which stated the error can occur when an unauthorized modification to the IOS has occurred, also the phone could not be restored.  I called Apple and gave them the serial number.  Apple advised me the phone was NOT NEW (as stated on the web page) and the warranty had expired some time ago.  They sold it to a company in europe March 19, 2003.  Further APPLE stated they NEVER sold ANY UNLOCKED iPhones prior to the iPhone 4 and had NOT unlocked this phone (as stated on the web page).

The phone is in the condition as described by the seller. The volume is not as loud as we wish it was. Our old phone had better volume, but that is not the seller's fault. The phone works fine.

AWESOME CONDITIONS!("very good") This was one of the best buys i have ever done on amazon. This phone looked and worked like it just came out the apple store although it was used . No scratches. Excellent Shipping I got mine the next 2 days.  Jailbroken so just in case you decide to change carriers. Im very happy with this product! &lt;3 Comes with screen protector charger and usb cable. No complaints at all!

This phone worked for a few weeks and that's about it. It only worked until the time I could return it had expired.  I was not happy and would think twice about another purchase.

Hello, during the last month you ComRes amazon products for several thousand dollars, and I am deeply disappointed with their quality control on some products I've bought you and Amazon.I live in Colombia and now I want to mention two iphone to buy from you last November 26, 2011, both units were shipped without the stamp and one of them is damaged, not working, I contacted the support center apple and they tell me that this team has a warranty expired long ago.I demand an immediate solution, because I think they have deliberately acted in bad faith. I am in Colombia and I demand a refund immediately or send to my home again and sealed equipment.SERIAL NUMBERS ARE DEVICES:86839WA6Y7H87922XS9Y7H

I think this is a buyer beware product on Amazon. The reason I say this is because I asked 3 questions that were erased (discussion removed) within a half hour: Is the phone brand new? How was the phone unlocked? and Can this phone be registered with Apple? So I would be a bit skeptical that you are getting a legitimately unlocked phone that is not refurbished. It will all depend on who the supplier is and that seems to change from moment to moment. Perhaps had I asked WHO unlocked the phone? since I wasn't looking for a "how to" but whether it was legally unlocked and would stay unlocked. I'm going to purchase something else.

I purchased the phone for my teenaged son. We received the phone on time and unlocked as promised. The first day my son gets it he locked the phone and couldnt remember the code. I asked The Wright Bros could they help me with it and they said sure no problem. I sent the phone and it was sent back good as new. Im very happy with their service and expertise and if I want another phone I will definitely use them

I will NEVER EVER EVER recommend this cell phone it last only 3 days the home button never work after 3 days and after 5 days later the top button pop out, break easily but beside that the costumer service was really good seller make a return and my money back.

this unlocked iPhone works well with the t-mobile network. it functions as expected. Only pity is that you can not upgrade OS, and some apps rely on new OS, then you can not install, such as skype.

The device comes to you ios 4.2.1 installed which s heavy for iphone 3G.Everything s so slow and also phone has many problems.On keyboard first row didnt work.YYou definitely should stay away this product.

This was my first time to buy electronics via Internet verses store. The Phone was labeled as new. I could not get to work so took phone professional. This phone appears to be a dud

bought this phone as a present to my sister when i went to visit her in Jordan, 1st we discovered that it has no video camera!!u can only take photos not videos!!at 1st it was a little slow then after few days it start getting slower and slower and suddenly it jammed and turned off alone! because she lives in jordan she couldn't send it back to me to return it so she send it to a phones store to fix it and they told her that this is a very bad quality phone and they couldnt fix it!! i was sooo embarrassed from her and very disappointed because i payed alot of money to buy a worthless phone, i never wrote a review before in any product i bought but because i dont want any one else got cheated by this phone and lose their money im writing this one, just be careful and dont get fooled by the cheap price, pay a little bit more and get a much better quality

i choose my rating because it is a TOTAL pos!! it wont carry a signal!! it searches wile the other phone that are on the same service have full bars...... JUNK!!!!!!!!!!hope this help you! jail broke to a 4.2.1 ios

I bought this iphone bc they advertised as &#34;company unlocked&#34;. This iPhone is illegal jailbroken. Never upgrade it!!!!!!!!!!!! impossible to install skype, or share internet since the iOs is 4 and you need at least 5 for most of the applications....

This equipment has a fault, to connect the charger crashes and the duration of the battery in very low.I live in Ecuador and I will not travel to USA, as I can do to change it under warranty?Prefiero respuesta en espa&ntilde;olSaludos.

This phone never held a charge. After 1 month of using this phone, it would not even turn on or charge at all. I do not recommend buying phones from this seller.

I order an iphone 3 without reading the description. They are so nice to remind me to read it and give me another chance to make my decision and. So nice! Highly recommend to all !!!!!

I bought this phone supposedly, new but they send me a china phone, first the case: nothing say iphone, also phone came with no instructions! nothing, new means new! not means opened. and if you are going to sell an &#34;unknown factory iphone&#34; you have to say it and dont lie to customers saying its a new Iphone from Apple

all excellent, and I received the product in Venezuela, waiting times were set, many thanks, recommended 100%, thanks, success and blessings.

my son loves the phone thank you it was every thing we expected getting good use out of it .

This phone is so slowly and the charge is not working. The sound is not clean I do not like this phone.

This phone functions fine but it is much slower than the iPhone 4 and 4S.  Do not get it if you are used to the iPhone 4 or you will be very disappointed.

i bought this product thinking it will be a nice one, but it broke with in a month. the whole touch screen came off. nasty cheap phone quality. i will never ever buy i phone again...

is ok the product need to check all the content in the phone is unlocked before put unlocked, but is good top buy

this phone came witout a sim card.this phone can't be upgraded to ios5.once i called at&t they gave me the card free.it was just an inconvenience for me to have to do all this.should have got 3gs.phone works great u just cant have facebook and lots of the game apps i was using.decided not to send it back cause it will do everything else.live and learn.

this article advertised a "unlocked" iphone and the phone is not unlocked .  i have to pay extra to pay to get it unlocked .  other than that it is great .

Delighted that I had been able to buy an iPhone at a good rate, I took the opportunity to give it as a present to my husband. But it doesn't work as expected. Doesn't connect to internet, doesn't allow me to download stuff - because of internet - and he now has mobile phone device that can pick phone calls and not much else.How can I return it and get my cash back?

Its very good product. I recommend.Product by excellent quality and exceptional durability. No fail and no problem.No more comment. Thanks.

When I purchased the iPhone 3G, I was under the impression that I was shelling out over $100 for a 3rd generation iPhone. When I received my iPhone in the mail (which was sent very quickly) I was very disappointed to find that it was an original iPhone. The phone was so old that I couldn't receive any iMessages, so anyone who sent a text via iPhone I didn't get the message. I had the phone for a total of 7 days before it stopped taking a charge and died for good. It was total bullshit and a sad day for me. I now have been using a $20 flip phone until they release the new iPhone on Wednesday!

I would not recommend this product from them.  I brought the phone  and the jailbreak is defective and most of the system functions don't work and i want money back.  I tried to contact the seller but to no avail, he hasn't even called back.  The charging port don't work, the sms message don't work the phone was a total waste of my money.  Do not buy this phone or any other device that from them it will be faulty just like mine and this will be no satisfaction. I am also very disappointed with amazon for not dealing with this matter.  They have also been removing my comments about this phone and not dealing with the matter.

I bought two Iphones from here both are refurbished ones . i just want to say its worth the amount rather than going for new iphones i think this is best

The phone was amazing at first. Lots of apps, worked with lightning-fast speed. Good call connectivity, great battery life (lasts up to days sometimes, and only requires about 2 hrs to fully charge back up).however, the phone after 2 years of use is almost useless. Apps just quit on you for no reason. It constantly requires a re-start for anything to work. Maps is prohibitively slow. Might as well delete the feature.The kid at the Apple store told me this "performance" can be expected after 1.5 years of use. BS!

The price is nice, and the phone is pretty slick, but I have been spending the past few days learning all the neat things this phone CAN'T do. You can't send attachments via text message on this phone, my flip phone from 2006 could do that. You can't update the iOS (frozen at 4.2.1), so new apps won't install. You can't shoot video... I'm not sure why that it, but it's just not an option on this phone. Don't make the same mistake I did, you'll regret it.

1. Bad screen,when you initially start the iphone, it can be seen clearly see the top of the screen is showing some flashing lines, which indicates bad screen;2. It is not SIM unlocked, I had this iphone connected with itunes, itunes recommends me to upgrade ios from 3.1.3 to 4.0, so that I can install GPS, I did so, then it says "Your sim card is not supported", is it really "sim unlocked" ?3. I had the iphone being checked by a iphone reparing personal, itune shows a picture that "First bought in 2010.11.**, first activated in 2011.12.11".  First bought in 2010,  I bought it as a new iphone, why it is first bought in 2010 ?4. Now it is a brick, I had paid 35 Dollar on repairing that, Just do not know whether it can be repaired or not ?

I give these guyz a 4 star!!!....bought a IPHONE 3G jailbroken.....i was going to cancel the order due to others telling me not to ever order a jailbroken phone online....but i gave it a shot and I'M VERY PLEASED WITH MY PHONE!!!....its a little slow but im ok with that...came packaged up perfectly ....like new!!!....after recieved...I emailed the seller with a small issue and recieved a response within a couple hours....and problem resolved....i will definatly be buying another one for my son....and more products...VERY HAPPY CUSTOMER!!!....YOU GUYZ ROCK!!!

it is a pretty good shape phone!I am happy! I look foward to buyOne more iphone or samsut s3

Item works for now, but was not advised of crack screen, have yet to try it with a sim card, plug and cable were useless. BTW it is NOT UNLOCKED!!

no apps available this phone was for a child no purpose other than phone. thank goodness for Pandora ( usual apple products well made for only apple accessories SUCK)

I was sceptical about buying this from 3rd party and not at&t.; Didn't want their hefty plans. Meant to use it with t-mobile. I bought a 3G version first. Didn't work with t-mobile after a week. Abe replaced it promptly after I decided to go with a 3GS. Still didn't work with t-mobile in my house. Another email exchange with Abe who assured me they tested with t-mobile before shipping.Bottom line: Good seller; Bad t-mobile service; Good unlocked phone.Bonus tip: QDOS clear shell case seemed to make t-mobile signal stronger. Could be a coincidence.

These phones are not worth what you pay for them.  I used to have this very phone and I switched to an Android six months later and never looked back.  I love their iPod's but their iPhone's suck.  They're way too slow and the screen is small compared to most Androids.  I would not recommend iPhone's to anyone.  The new iPhone 5 is just a waste of money and time as well!!

just after 1 month of using... and it was not responding at all.... just don't even think about buying it.

Tomi its cool but you are limited on what you can do. Alot of apps are not compatible with this phone, looses conrlnection frequently. But other than that its ok

I got this phone as a replacement for my other one not working after only having it for three months. It worked fine at first, but after 6 months completely died on me. I will never ever buy and apple product again.

After purchasing the phone, I could tell that this was used and not refurbished by Apple. That was okay, but many apps. (such as BBC radio) does not work on this iPhone. Hence, it is not very useful, at least from an App perspective.

Got phone, worked fine until I tried downloading some apps and error said I needed to update to iOS4 or better.  Tried and tried, would not update.  Took to Apple store today, they tried 3 times to update, sent me to Genius Bar, they checked it out, advised me that it had been opened and some wires disconnected.  Tech reconnected, then tried twice more to update OS with no luck.  Advised I had a faulty unit and they would not even take it back with a $150 exchange.  Verry disappointed.  Like the phone, and will try again from another seller.iPhone 3G 8GB (Unlocked)

The phone dint work after 3 days of use  the battery does not charge any more  apple store say its bad something it's wrong with the phone

Stopped charging after few days, needed replacement of connector unit. Power button failed after few months of use. Infrastructure of this phone looks as old and bad design.

DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA  DEFECTUOSO DE BATERIA ,,,,,,, ,, , , ,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,

I purchased this phone for back up and it works fine!!! I had to figure out how to reset it but no complaints here!!!

The used phone came in great condition,very good phone for the value!!!!I'm happy with my purchase!!!The phone is working good.

I thanks Chris for responding all my e-mails and helping me during the process to exchange my damaged phone.I recommend this business 100%.i

this product is okay but, at times it lost it ringtune to fix it, became a problems it take a while before it be alright againe.when it happen  a couple may call you get the  message the ringtune this off. other than that this product is okay.

The phone does not work well because they get a lot of notices of applications. For example, the application I could use Viber for damages arises. Hearing aids are damaged.

Buy a new iphone and I have 4 days of use and the damage is already ensendido button, also the cable for charging, I realized that is used.Thanks for the help they can give me, to be exchanged for a new one. Thank you

I am so frustrated right now. this phone just cannot install any apps. I am not a techy person so I just need a phone that works. Now I have no idea how to update ios because the phone does not have the option to update, which should normally be there by default. This is not an iphone 3g..god help us all.

I really don't like it its not worth . I am really disappoint after a week . The hands free device only work.

I ordered 3 phones to use in Southamerica. They worked OK here and over there with any 3G provider. Just changed the sim card and ready to go.Cons: do not update the operative system or it will be locked.Recommended product.

Okay Im so upset this is my second time returning a phone back to AMAZON !!! These guys need to stop writing prank information just be honest about the product. It stated in the description that you can restore and update your phone. I tried to update this phone and its not letting me so basically it was a waste of my time. Dont try to make a easy come up because I couldve got a used phone from a booster at least I know they will tell me about the phone I dont care how OLD THE PHONE IS AMAZON gots to do better PLEASEEEEEE !!!!!!!! I want a refund

Good service first time then I order then I little bit worry is new or used then got my stuff is new and good so that's I like this service so good

If the order is not arrive by saturday it is not necessaire I get it I am gonna return it it takes to much time

Love this phone and as my first Iphone it is a great tool. But would not downlaod Skype, Faebook etc Apps which was very disappointing. But inspired me to try the 4S instead!

It arrived on time, it also works great but the battery runs out very quickly. I expected it to take videos but it doesn't and the seller didn't say that.

I hav ehad my iPhone 3G for quite some time and when I first got it I was very happy.  Since owning it for a little over a year, the phone has slowed down quite a bit.  But it is still an iPhone and still has great apps.  I will get the 5G.

The phone was on the time they promise and  was exactly the way they described it, I did have an issue with the charger, and they replace it. I am so happy.

I got two out of three I requested despite my appeal to get this sorted,no one has ever repliedI believe it must have been from one of the sellers and it is a big problem because. One cannot track the items

I purchased my phone on the 26 of july from zekostoreit arrived 4 days after just on time. when i saw it I was so excited about how it looks for a used iphone, it looked great with everything intact and no scratches on the screen just a few on the back nothing major. I was so excited to recieve my new phone and trusted Zekostore they are the best. After taking my phone to the store to put in my sim card it worked very well no issues at all .This is a steel of a deal I really wanted an iphone to work with my simple mobile sim card but cannot afford one at the stores or even at At&T; .When I found this seller I was so thankful that I did and happy that I took the chance to order from them. I am sooooooo happy I know there are not so great reviews here but this seller is greatttttttttt....Love you all.Happy customer in Maryland

bad electronic device, the slot issue for sim card was broken and the screen touch didn't work after 3 months

Dear Sirs: I don't know how to express my nightmare and un-satisfaction with the purchase of the iPhone, I bought it for my daughter who lives outside the United States and this is what I got:1-when charging the battery the charge goes up and them back and back until it turns of for lack of battery, so I have to restart it to be able to see the real battery chargethat that by the way if it says 100% full charge and a couple of minutes later goes down to 80% and them within 2 hours without use goes out of battery2-the bottom part of the scream does not work, when you try putting the password you can't due it because the tactile part of the bottom screen does not work.3-when answering a call with the volume at maximum volume you can barely hear the other person.In my opinion the product is a total failure, I have thrown my money to waste, may daughter so disappointed with the gift I gave her, and will NEVER NEVER again buy any electronic Item from this vendor or any vendor through AMAZON.COM, my recommendation ZERO "0"  is a piece of junk.Sincerely yoursRamon J. Yepez

Not happy with the purchased product1) Finishing did not look like an apple product2) on/off switch cover came off in 1st 2 weeks3) wall charger not working4) Battery drains daily(runs out completely in 24 hours - when left unused)

I dropped my Apple iPhone 3G and the glass shattered. I bought this one to replace it, but I could not get it to work so I returned it.

It is an excellent phone, and unfortunately will not be updated again, so many applications are not compatible with Him

So, the unlock didn't work and I took it to Apple store to fix it. when Apple technician opened the phone to fix the issue they informed me that they can't because the phone ISN'T an APPLE iPhone. The shell said Apple iPhone but not under the hood. When I purchased the phone it did say Apple. I would like a refund on the phone!

I will rate it 3 stars because it gave me a little problem, or the same, is good to use for three years.

Shipment cane as expected, product came in possibly the original box, and it came with everything. All packaged and was pleased with the results. Only issue so far that I have is it may be refurbished and it sometimes freezes on me. I have to lock it and unlock to stopwatch the freeze but other than that its great.

Great Returns!

I highly recommend this seller. The used iphone was in great condition when it arrived. A few scratches on the back but the phone works perfectly. Two thumbs up!

i never got the iphone which was some bull. i would not recommend this to anyone.but i did get my money back thank god.

The phone is great.  No problems, unlocked and ready to use once I inserted a sim card. I'm satisfied with the condition of this phonen

Calling and texting work, but I couldn't download most apps due to the software being out of date.  I wasn't able to update the phone so I talked with an iPhone Tech in my local area. I kept getting the same response, iPhone 3 is out of date, the company was moving on, and there wasn't going to be any more updates for the iPhone 3.  If someone knows a way of updating it, That's great, but I didn't have any luck with it.

I bought my unlocked iphone3gs from Apple for $375. It came with charger, Usb, and earphones. It is SO easy to use.I can use it as a regular phone or a smartphone. I have no problems with it at all. It's the first smartphone I've owned and  I'm delighted with it's ease of use.I'd recommend Apple's unlocked iPhone3GS for those who do not want an expensive monthly data plan and also for those who travel. It's simple to swap out the simcard. Added bonus, it comes with the new ios5!Update, two years down the road and my iPhone3gs is still going strong. It automatically gets any new software updates and I've never had any problems with my phone. I live it because it has some structure and weight to it. I do not like these new thinner and lightweight iphones. I'm going to keep using my iP3gs for as long as it will last.Side-note: some techy compared all the iPhone models out there from the earliest to the latest and the ip3gs was just a smidg slower at booting-up/loading/shutting down than the iPhone5. It fared better than all the others!

I bought 2 iPhone 3G 8GB unlocked as gifts and brought it overseas. Disappointedly plus embarrassingly, one of the phones was defectives. The phone does not hold any battery charge at all. I even bought a new charger, but the phone still does not charge. Since I was overseas, it was too late to return it. The product is completely unused as it is totally defective. It was very unfortunate purchase. Very very disappointed :(

What else is there to say, this phone is the best phone money can buy.  it literally does everything.  Another amazing Apple product.

The phone worked great for about a week and a half and then when I tried to sync it with my iTunes account it completely wiped everything off the phone including the iOS system that makes it a phone.  I  spent hours on the phone with Apple and was told that the previous owner (wait I was told it was brand new) must have altered it in some way.  I even took it to the Apple store and they tried several different fixes that did not work.  I contacted the seller who said they would replace it but I have yet to receive the replacement phone or a refund.  It has been almost 2 weeks now and I am not happy at all.  Very, very disappointing experience.

i just got my iphone in the mail and i had it in the charger for two hours and woud not charge

Iphones 3G are history. Apple is no longer updating the software, so the iphone is worthless it does not even work as a ipod.if you want a cheap iphone you need to buy iphone 3GS or newer

Good it is a rapid equipment of excellent quality the design works perfectly I like very good quality of images and good rendimento

the screen are broken and never work no good. i pay $75 dollar for fixed. please dont sale this producs.

Product was delivered and both Wi-Fi antennas of both apple IPhone 3GS do not work. As I have been working overseas I received the item past the thirty day return policy and cannot return the item.Apple cannot help either as the purchase date shows 2008 while the phone was purchased on April 2012.I recommend not to purchase any electronic items via Internet to avoid the same challenges. I do hope that Amazon can somehow assist me,however the return policy says thirty days.

This apple Iphone is great. Even though I bought it used. Operates like new.I would recomend this product to all.

im using the Iphone unblocked here in Brazil without problem, Nice, but the only thing you have to see the IOS is 4.2.0 and fAcebook is for IOS 5 you cant install , after all is good

I just love this phone..  the only problem i'm having is an ios 5 file isn't there for my apps...  I'm thinking it's the operators fault  not the phone.  but I love it!so far all is great!

it is not work as iphone,its software is old and can not update,it look like locked phone no respone for update or down load

it is a jailbroken cell phone although they told they would fix it but have to pay xtra bucks for that. not a good idea to buy.

Well I brought a 3g I phone it works good ill admit but its not an unlocked phone which really upset me because that's the whole reason I was getting it. I'm not paying a extra $50 to get it unlocked. So I may just switch to at&t or return the phone.

Because I have a iPhone 4, for me the iPhone 3 it's ok, but my wife, who is gonna use the iphone 3, she love it...

The phone did not turn on or charge. I couldn't use it from the very first day I received it.

It 1st had battery issues.  Then after buying the battery the phone did not work.  After getting it to the shop twice I am here today for a new phone.

I bought this iPhone as a gift in October of 2011, it was shipped on time and eventhough it is a very old model of the iphone, i bought it new.The person that received this gift did not tell me at first but i found out later on that it gave him so much trouble that he stopped using it after 3 months time.He later told me that the screen stopped responding at first, then there was no sound, then it would not turn on. He sent it to an Apple specialist to fix it, but they told him that it would cost more than what the phone is actually worth. so he abandoned this route.The reason i am writing this review today is to warn people who might be thinking of buying an old model iphone, most probably those are refurbished because they had a manufacturing problem.I bought this phone as brand new from the seller and it did not work, had i known earlier i would have returned it and got my money back. BEWARE!!!!

I have an iPhone 3G 8G at&t unlocked and jail broken. The phone itself is great, however when it comes to apps it's virtually useless. Even with it jail broken I can't upgrade the iOS passed 4.2.1. If you are considering buying this phone, don't expect much out of it. You're better off spending a little more bang for an iPhone 4 or higher.

I ordered this iphone for a good  friend of mine i told her if shes having any problem with it just let know ..well last time i saw her shes told that the iphone works perfecty fine ...

Bought an IPone and got it on-time. Contacted them when I had a problem and they were more than willing to help.

That is in my opinion.I'm am in the business of Manufacturing. It is a very complex trade off of Expenditure for different aspects of a given item or product line. When you have to decide Cost Analysis of Production, Cost Accounting and the Cost of Operation of any given business.Sorry to say I use DeLL. For PC I'm in the Windows ENV. It is made with the hard casing.Internally the iPhone based on Xperience it is very very very well made product because you really have to concentrate on its details and level of work DONE. But if They where to ever make any type of a change in casing or other details Apple will fall into the Trap of Mass Mass production. And may perish over time. Which is an idea that is unheard of. But a simple opinion. Take it or Leave it in the hand of Time. My Projection is 6.5 yrs I will be ready to buy an apple then. Currently because of SITE I use a very hard casing Mobile Phone for txt and calls only.

The price for this item was ok but the item had to be returned due to some damage. Maybe the shipping company.

First I get the phone with a defective plug. I contact the company we converse twice about sending a replacement plug. Both times, I was informed that a replacement would be on its way all they needed was my mailing address. Twice I provided my mailing address by email, as requested, and four months later, still no USB plug. So I purchase one, now the battery has to be charged twice a day even if I don't use it, the phone has died but not before locking up in DFU or black screen mode. I can't return it but it is obviously a defective product. This was a waste of money and the company never made in really efforts to address my problems now I am out of $200 bucks (for a old model) and I still need a new phone.

I am so satisfied with my iPhone. There were no scratches on the screen or the back. Easily added T-mobile's no contract annual 4G to the phone. Unlocked and ready to go!!!! Super excited. Thank you so much!!!!

I  choose I hate it because the unlocked iphone3 8GB is not working and want to return it, besides that it looks good,  thanks

I bought two phones. One works ok but the other has given us a lot of problems. Not happy with either phone.

Seriously, you won't be able to download any apps. ITunes no longer supports this phone. Also, about two weeks in the screen cracked. Biggest piece of crap I ever had the misfortune of spending money on.

The phone was missing one screw on the bottom, but works great for what I need it. My first i phone.

I am an Apple person all the way.  This is my first iPhone though.  I am deployed and need an unlocked cell phone, found this and thought I was getting a great deal because it came with the Otter Box, belt clip, and charger.  When I received the phone, the plastic part of the case that goes over the screen was rippled, which makes the touch screen a total pain and leaves the debate between fighting with it or taking it off and risking dropping it on the rocks and breaking the phone all together.  I have only had the phone about a month and have already noticed the battery life decline greatly.  It also does not like to register that it is charging.  Will have it plugged in for an hour or more and it will still show the battery in the red.  I have to turn it off and then back on in order to get an accurate battery reading.  Will have it fully charged before bed and it will die after my alarm goes off.  Not at all impressed.  I didn't figure I was getting a new phone, but I at least expected something that would work well for 6 months.

I needed a new phone desperately and ran into this one at a very good price and figured I should give it a try. It came brand new and unlocked..... I am having a little difficulty with upgrading it but everything else works perfect!

It came rally fast and in great condition. I initially thought it would take forever but it came in no time at all

I am an iPhone fan myself and own it.  I bought this as a Mother's Day gift for my Mom who lives in India--that's why it had to be unlocked.  She loves it and it has been an easy transition from her old cellphone.  It was shipped on time--in good condition.  Overall I was very satisfied with the purchase.

Im using this phone for verizons new unlimited everything plan exclusively  with no contract and unlimited internet works for me thanks Verizon. As of 5-7-2013. P.S loyal customers program earn free month service now:-)

this product is to old to work with current system,  my 2 boys are very unhappy with this purchase.  apple store said there is no update for soft wear,  slow with service, designed for at t  not other cell phone carriers.  my boys already broke screens in first two month, they were in there pockets and when they sat down the phone flexed across their thighs cracking them.  do not buy old apple products, apple wants them not to work.

Good service from Vendor, but Apple  does not give support to this I phone model, not a good thing as it gets difficult to get things done as other models

I ordered an iphone from this store and sent it oversea as a wedding gift. Months after, my friend told me the iphone was totally a knockoff. At the beginning she thought it was just a little slow,  and the app icons looked different because it is oversea version. However when she took it to the local app iphone store, she was told that "it is an knockoff with an iphone shell!!!!"I can't get the fake iphone back from oversea but I really want to sue this company and get my money back. Anyone knows how?

I got the ohone. It had more damage that was not specified like the sim card door was broken and difficult to get open. I spent over two hours on the phone with my cell service provider trying to figure out why the phone would not work only to find out that it was not an unlocked phone and therefore could not be used with my company. Hence why it was sent back and a refund requested. Not Happy to be lied to.

The phone was a great shape but with the new technology that has evolved, the current IOS 4.2 will not allow you to download the latest app.

it was a wonderful gift for my daughter and she loved this gift and was excited to get it.thank you

I am very much satisfied. it works great and i love it. would like to buy one more. Hope they will still have this in stock.

Hi when i tried to update my new phone, Apple gave an error 1015 on this phone that it was jail brake an locked the phone.

I am so pissed of when I operate the phone, and came to notice that it is not working at all. I returned the product.

Dear iphone,I'll miss you when you're gone. We had some good times, you and I. You even went and spent some time with a friend of mine and came back to me.You were a huge leap forward from my folding Kyocera. Thanks for having a camera and taking pictures of tons of awesome memories.

on time, correct and without problem. Thanks!I had a marvelous experience in buying with amazon.com! Very nice! I was very happy...

The phone worked fine for a couple of months. Then it sporatically would not turn on or take a charge. Of course this happened a few weeks outside the warranty period. No problem, I took the phone to an apple store for a diagnosis and repair. Apple's report after opening the phone: It has a nice face but, contains multiple non apple parts.

The phone arrived promptly and in good condition. Initially it worked great until I tried to upload apps, pics, and contacts. It then became frozen. I've taken it to both an AT&T store and the Apple store. Neither store was able to restore it. I have an appointment  this weekend for additional repairs to try and restore the phone.

This was my first time using Amazon and will be my last time. I bought what i thought was an apple 3g phone off your website sold by HP Electronics it was advertised as a factory unlocked Apple 3g phone. I owned it one day and I had a problem so i took it to Apple and they proved to me that is NOT AN APPLE 3G PHONE IT IS A F'n CLONE . That would have been fine if it had been advertised as that but it was not. So i chatted with someone from Amazon (I think) last night and was told I have to deal with HP as they are a third party supplier. and I have to deal with them. Well that is BS I paid you and i should be dealing with Amazon only and nobody else if it had been advertised as a clone I would not be complaining. SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THIS OTHER THAN TO TELL ME TO CONTACT HP ELECTRONICS. Oh gee yes this will fall on deaf ears because this survey is probably handled by a 3rd party survey companyGeoffrey ( disgruntled ) Clement

It arrived in good condition as advertized and works as expected. The unlocked part remains to be verified when I travel to other regions next time.

Gentlemen. I just arrived in Buenos Aires, Argentina and put my local SIM card in the IPhone 3G 8GB and does not work........I repeat does not work............you sold it to me UNLOCKED and equipment does not read the SIM card. Please check your files andyou probably sent me a Iphone that is NOY unlocked.......WHAT SHOULD I DO NOW. being so far away from USA. Please need your kind solution to this subject

Love it number one love it for firt time users this is great if u want to get ur son or daughter a smartphone

they sent me a device which cannot be updated and did not include in their ads, it has cost but am not able to fix it, they wont replace because 90days has expired.

I bought this phone and it outdated and painfully slow, but it was my starter into iPHONE technology and functionality, and being unlocked turned out to be a great blessing when I took it abroad and used it with foreign sims and phone companies with no difficulty.

The speaker on the phone does not work have to use it with head phones also can't be updated can get Facebook on it

The phone is not working after 3 months.You can not upgrade the phone or it would stop working.You cannot used certain apps.

Product was returned! Screen went blank on the second day of use. WOULD NOT BUY ANOTHER PHONE ONLINE EVER AGAIN

I bought this and used it for about 2 months and then the screen would go black and shut off by it's self. I wasn't even hard on it most of the time it was sitting on my table.

I was not aware my phone did not support the phone for data say,s they only support I5 phone so I got a phone that I can only use for limited data.

Always like the feel of the IPhone 3,,,this one is good as well.Works a little slow,,but still good enough.

I am not happy with the product sent by Amazon to me, recently I purches new Apple iPhone3G. This product have more than 2 problems. Its camera is hindered by something,so it is not able to take picture clearly, as well as battery backup is less as compared to new one, as well as it hangs some time, so i am not happy with this product.

It's a good phone so I got what I was expected. It's a new phone and I am satisfied. 9/10

This phone got re-locked when I updated the softare. Make sure you are buying factory unlocked phones and not this junk that was probably unlocked by a 12-year old in his basement.

I purchased two Iphone 3Gs from CELLSMAN and less than a month after they both no longer work. I bought them during my vacation in Miami in late October, now I'm in Brazil.  Lost over $400.

The iPhone Came the next day. The condition was just as described. I am Happy overall. Would buy again from them

This was a great purchase. I ordered it for a christmas gift late December and it shipped the next day. Perfect condition and works great!

Met all expectations, no problems noted, having a great time with my iphone,  no regrets. Will continue to purchase this product in the future.

I paid extra for the phone to be delivered in 2 days - it took 8, and when it arrived I was appalled at how filthy it was. There was gunk in every cranny, including the charging port. I don't expect it will last long.

ITS NOT NEW,AND ITS SAYS NEW IN THE LISTITS SAYS UNLOCKED,BUT ITS NOT UNLOCKED FROM APPLE,SEEMS TO BE REFURBISH....???THE DELIVERY TOOK MORE DAYS, IM FROM SOUTH AMERICATHE SCREAM ITS DAMAGED,I HAVE A VERY BIG DECEPTION...!PLEASE BE SURE, AND I LET YOU KNOW IN ABE_123YOU CANT TRUSTTHE WORST EXPERIENCE BUYING IN AMAZON

the phone was damaged it worked a bit for a few hours then completely died. The phone showed that there had previously been water damage. Worst buy ever!!!!

Only problem is that my ios system isnt updated and im afraid the phone will get locked again if I do update it which means I also cant get any apps because most of them require a ios system 5 or higher and I have 4.2.1 but besides that everything is great with the phone~

Just what I needed, just to use as a phone and camera. Fair price, good size and very light. The only bad thing is that I can not install whatsap

I had the following notes ..1. The delivery was as I expected ... No delay2. The item as described new .. Except that the outer cover was for iPhone 3GS and not for 3G and this made no difference ..3. The phone was unlocked as described and working on our local networks in Iraq ... Firstly I had a problem with that but the seller was so helpful and help me to resolve that problem as he send me emails and call me day and night to solve that ... I recommend this merchandise as I did not leave you back and he try to help you with your purchase ...4. It is so useful to find an iPhone with that price and newness despite apple stoping his production a couple of years ago ..

I bought 2 Iphones on the same date and they both stopped to work on the same week. I went to an Apple store in Brazil for warranty and they told me that this Iphone is false. There is no serial number. Don't buy this. Now, I want my money back. See what you going to do with this. It past just 2 months and I want my money. I want a RMA to send these back to US. There is no serial number on the Iphone

My wife is not very tecnical and she wants a simple but good telephone and this 3G is all she need to handle with no much dificult and was new and unlocked.thanks.

I bought the iphone as a gift unlocked. when i came to my country argentina i discover that it wasnt unlocked and i had to spend 50 dollars for unlocked it i will not buy again to this person

THE CHARGER DOES NOT WORK WITH THE PHONE.I DO NOT WHY.I USED IT WITH ANOTHER PHONE AND CHARGED VERY WELL.I THING IT IS NOT THE CHARGER OF THIS CELL.WELL,I HAVE TO BUY ONE. OTHER HAND THE SELLER  SHIPS ME ANOTHER ONE.

it is very bad condition, i never buy it again. the first time i used it, it was ok, but after a few weeks, this phone get problem,The screen is flickering..............

I have all apple products but i've never owned an Iphone for some reason, so I ordered one and I was iffy about it reading reviews from other sellers. But I ordered the phone and had some issues with it(user error) I sent the seller an email and was able to put the sim in and sync my favorite songs to the phone. I LOVE IT!!!! THANKS

I cannot download apps because the owner never sent the password so that I could register it in a new name. Also it blacks out once in awhile.

I love the product and would definitely recommend the seller to others. I bought this phone while on my trip to US and was able to use it with my current service provider (vodafone) in India.

I was really underwhelmed. I was excited to try the I-phone after being a droid user.it doesn't send picture messages, and it is VERY slow in loading anything. I'm a hairstylist that often books clients using an online booking system. It is completely incompatible with the site which is super frustrating. If I had to say something nice about it I would say it came within a reasonable time.

For the first time ever I've decided to go &#34;Smart&#34; and this was the beginning. Don't know about the performance the latest version; but this one is like more than super to me.

MUY MALA LLEGO CON LA PANTALLA MALA LO UNICO BUENO FUE QUE SE DELVOLVIO Y SE REGRESO EL DINERO, OK

After the phone arrived, I notice immediately that it was missing the SIM card holder, so all I actully had was a very expensive iPod. I have since aquired a SIM Card holder, just to find out the the unlocked phone I purchased was locked. Because I know a little something about this phone, it is working find now. I am truly disappointed in you amazon, because I know you are better then this. I hope and pray this was just an oversight, as a number of my friends are looking to purchase from you as well.By the way, can I still get the SIM Card Holder that should have been in my iPhone from the start?Rev.CLC

When I received the phone it would not remain on for more than about an hour at a time- always went to a blank screen and refused to turn on again unless plugged in... was told that there was an error with the unlocking programme used on the phone however the company could not resolve the issue...

The phone was fine for 3 days and my son forgot his password and the only way to restore it was with itunes and it locked it up for good and now I am out of $125.00.  The lady at apple gave us the wrong advice to reset it. Not realizing it was a locked phone. I explain it to her but she muct have not understood what I was saying. So I am not happy.  It was a birthday present for my son and now it won't work ever again.

Nice phone but the battery does not work. Tried to charge the phone and the battery simply does not take any charge.

they don t leave customers straddled when issues happen. they are good and trustable seller. they respond my emails quickly.

i didn't it like because i was very slow and i thought i could download apps which i couldn't so i thought it was just a waste of my money.

Shipping was very fast. My young boy likes this iphone even though this model of iPhone already discontinued.It's good one as his first phone.

I bought this for my family staying in india. I ordered this iphone 3Gs 8gb which was supposed to be unlocked and jailbroken and it was! I was happy especially after being so skeptic from the other buyer reviews, I was happy to know that I actually got what I ordered. My seller gave me the exact product that they described, it wasn't scratched up or cracked, it looked practically brand new to me. I haven't had any problems yet, in fact I am thrilled and really happy with my purchase! I would definitely recommend this to any other person who is looking to buying an unlocked/jailbroken iphone that isn't terribly expensive.

Ordered this IPhone as a gift for my husband. Everything on it works good and the screen has absolute clarity but the case is pretty dinged up. I understood that it was a refurbished item when I ordered it but I really expected it to be in better condition. Other refurbished electronics that I have bought have been in very good condition but I would put this one at only fair. I can't say I was cheated, seller represented the item properly as being refurbished and I bought it as such, but I'm still a little disappointed. I won't return it but I don't think i'll buy from this seller again.

got this a year or two back didnt work like it was suppose to first it froze and didnt turn it off so i sent it back for a refund and it was stuck on when  i sent it it has the apple light thingy stuck on nothing would turn it off so was a waste idk why i am reviewing this  its a mistake i do not want to not rember

it was very bad. not working well. They sent iphone 3gs 16gb as replacement which is junk.I regret purchasing their mobile.

my first time owing apple and i was expecting more for it all the good apps i have to buy

You buy a SIM card and you can use this phone in Mexico and Europe, and you can't beat the price.  Brand new phone with all the iPhone features.

I bought used Apple iPhone 3G 8gb, unlocked  The delivery was fast and the condition of the iPhone matched to its description, it works good. The only thing, i can't check now how it works with another SIM card , but soon I go abroad and , hopefully , it will work fine there.In sum, I'm satisfied with my purchase and i would recommend this seller.

Bought the phone under the assumption that it was unlocked and perfectly new since it said it in the description. Tried and tried multiple times to use it but said the Sim card still isnt installed. Clearly it's not unlocked so now I have a useless phone. Save ur money and don't buy it. I wish i never did. Hopefully i can get a refund.

The phone is old but functional. It was way better than what I had and was useful and at a very good price but what can I say? I want the newere phone

it was just as described. i've had no problems with it so far and i've had it for a month.very satisfied with it for it to be an older iPhone

the cons: had no chargers of wall or just the cord, did not come charged at all, and did not ship out on time but he had an excuess. and it had two noticeable sratches on there.the pros: made it on feb 21 like it was supposed to

The power utton is bad and it doesnt work with my sim

I had two issues after receiving the iphone, one the center or home button was hard to push, after only one day of use - the screen displayed the itunes logo and a usb cable, i tried turning on/off several times and tried reloading thru itunes-failed due to iphone being unlock, this according to vendor i purchased the phone from.  The vendor seemd kind and concerned about addressing my two issues, so I sent back the iphone for him to fix at my own expense, he reloaded software and stated in a letter I got with the repaired phone to NEVER update your iphone on itunes, and as far as the center button or home key, the vendor stated it seems to be ok, thus,  no it  was not fixed, so after spending several hundred dollars for this used iphone that was advertised as in great shape,was in my opinion not, buyer beware- software is one big issue with unlocked phones and performance or buttons are another, I used the iphone for another week and got a pineapple on the screen, so long story short, I ended up just buying buying a iphone thru Apple store.

Really more my fault than there's, to be honest. You can't download any apps. Any of them. You can't upgrade the software. What's especially odd is that neither this site nor even Apple just list that outright. Once you google the issue, people discuss it on forums, etc., but it isn't officially stated. Bit sneaky.There's nothing that makes this phone worthy of costing over $100. It functions like a phone, but not an iPhone.

Thank you so much I was very happy to receive this item it works very well, unfortunately I dropped it in the street a few days after getting it the face is broken. Thanks again.

I am in Afghanistan and the only iPhone that will work here is a 3g but it must be unlocked, add listed this as unlocked and it was also on the box when I received it, but it was not unlocked it still required an AT&T sims card failing to recognize the local cards here.  Can't download an unlock program etc due to connection issues...so I ran it over with an MRAP because I can't return it from here. Nice job Amazon !!!!!

Im happy to have this product. Its off the hook and the best!!!! This is the best phone I ever got

This phone was BOMB at first then things started to go down hill, the phone wouldn't stay unlocked IDK why? it gave me such a problem I decided to pawn it and get a non-iPhone. That experience turned me off from iPhones forever plus everyone and there mommas have a iPhone and that in it self turned me off I don't want to be like everyone else and if that means not spending hundreds of bucks and saving hundreds of bucks on a phone than so be it :)

Great service and when refund was needed they were very nice and quick. Will use them on next purchase of phone for sure!

failed from day 1, bad battery, couldn't load most software due to version errores because the OS could not be updated.  Not worth buying

ok, recieved it within 6 days (i live in costa rica), it lasted around 3 mths, and it died, never felt on ground, restarted it like 3 times until its RIP... dont buy it used.

I come back for you! you have a nice life, have a good time with wife and kids.! excellent business

I Bought it for my wife and she loves it.The battery time is very poor. I recommend you to buy a back up battery.

I felt really bad when I got a phone that I found under the category LIKE NEW in evident used conditions.

I mean, it is an iphone 3 people. It was okay, a bit slow with actions here and there. And one day, a huge bubble appeared under the screen disabling the touch screen. That went away but still.

Chris from Wireovia is the best to work with. Knowlegable, polite, always respond within a few hours of sending an email to him either before, or after my purchase. I have already purchased two iPhones from him, and they all work great and my family love it. Now I am sharing this news with other relatives and friends newby. Great to do busienss with Chris from Wireovia! Item shipped out immediated and upgraded to a expediated ship, plus an additional surprise bonus gift of the phone cover for free.. all the good stuff. I can not say for others. But for me, I will work with Chris for future purchases. Plus, Chris still keep the same work ethic even long after my purchase and he remembers his customers on the first name basis.... Good stuff! Super Job, Chris!

Don't believe whatever they tell you esp (MAT...something?) at 150 they all sell like either swapped out / some kind of refurbished/reinstalled iphone. Definately not new. BUT if you can get over the fact it's not brand new then it's a pretty descent deal. It's a working phone. Clean & no scratches/anything. The signal reception is descent. Don't have any huge love or hate with it...so kinda meh. Good phone but meh.

I went online on my local community forum (PVForum) I bought 2 iPhones, one for $100 with an extra quick charge storage battery (Richard Solo). It had one tiny scratch on the screen and none on the case. The other I bought for $50. It had scratches on the case, but none on the screen. Both work great. As you may know, the new 4G phones actually only go at 3G speed - the 4G system is not in place yet. So, I got 2 virtually new phones for $150 combined. Beats $400 + for a refurb.

I actually got this iphone for my son,had it activated with at&t as a prepay phone,no problems , he loves it

It works fine, however volume button just dropped after three weeks, batery needs constant charges (does not support more than one day, I had this 3g in the past and, when it was new, it usually kept until 3 days) and it gets hot when multiple networks connection.Anyway I am generally ok with the product, just that.Manoel

THE hot phone of its day.  Now very reasonably priced and still retains the benefits of a smart phone while not having all the latest bells and whistles.  The battery has good durability and lasts a long time compared to, say, the iphone 4.  I like it so much that we may get yet another to replace the current 3GS when it dies.  I highly recommend Apple's first and smartest phone.

This was a great product and the purchase process was handled with ease.The iphone is one of the wonders of the century!

I HAD IT CHECKED OUT, AND I WAS PISSED OFF, SOMEONE OUT OF THERE GARAGE PROBLY SOLD THIS CRAP TO ME AND I WAS ANGRY OVER THE ORDER,  ALSO, THIS PHONE WILL NOT SUPPORT ANY UPDATES SO YOU CANT DOWNLOAD ANYTHING ON IT, NOTHING, NOT EVEN MUSIC,  DONT BUY IT !!!!!!  BEWARE,

The phone is not new. It is jailbroken. I worked well for 15 days. Then it just stopped working. When you go to apple they say the warranty for this pone is expired. It stopped working after 15 days.  Do not buy it!

look i seen all the negative things said about amazon on here . well its like this. yes they didnt most of time sell these phones and if they did they was great solveling problems for refund you money they really cant controll what peaple or co  sell. if you have to deal with other  than amazon back the item good luck i trust them .but all and all i like amazon great guys to do biz with no jokeing around just be carefull and read the items closely you will get what you get.i order a gs3phone it was bad it was not there falt but they took it back and gave me back my money what more can you ask for .waiting on my new iphone thanks amazon.

There are certain applications that I can't change the language to English.  The phone takes long to charge and doesn't hold the charge.

Purchased on aug 6, so happy that i purchased a second one that was delivered on Sept 24 for my husband.  Coincidentally my phone screen stops working on sept 24 (only 6 weeks after delivery) so I took the phone to the tmobile store, they recommend going to The Apple store which I did.  On Sept 26, Apple Store technician says the phone is refurbished, that "unauthorized modifications have been made to phone:  liquid damage sensor is missing, missing screw, SIM card tray has been replaced with no serial number ".  So I asked them to looked at the phone delivered on September 24 " Display is disconnected internally, tag that says do not remove this screw - screw was removed and replaced incorrectly, this phone won't even turn on".  Very disappointed, I was under the impression I  paid 125-130 dollars for NEW phones, that is why I paid so much for this IPHONE 3 from Cellular Kingdome. Fraudulent to be selling a product as new when it is NOT.

I liked the phone very much, it is simple but that is what I needed!I will recommend this phone to everyone who is looking for a good simple Iphone!

This item came in great condition - excellent service met and exceeded my expectations - I phones were without scratches and they are working great.

First, it's not  included sim card tray, so, i purchased it,and after I got it,Finally, inserted sim card(T-mobile)But, it shows &#34;No Service&#34;sim card is activated.the problem is this is not unlocked.what should I do......

Wack, I had to send it back, It wasn't what i thought it would be. I paid $150 and no phone company wanted to activate because it was too old.

This phone is good, I have a problem with the home button, but the seller said I can return it if I want.  I am keeping it because the problem is not that big of an issue considering the great price.

The iphone didn't work. I tried to repair it several times, but nothing could be done. I completely wasted my time and money.

Great product but listen to the people you buy it from if they tell you not to up date the ios do as they say.Battery doesnt last that long I just think because one it is used and two is that im always on it talking on facebook.DONT buy used the battery didnt last that long at all buy brand new.

I have acquired in 2 chances this article, the first sold it to a friend and went well, I get carried away and buy a second, but I was quite disappointed, not charging the battery and I have nowhere to complain and I am in Venezuela and lost my money on this article ...

Once I received it, I realise the IOS version was not compatible with the most APP on apple market. And a new version is no longer available on update system.

The phone i received from this company was in poor condition.  It was used phone , that was previously returned by someone else with issues. It would shut off, freeze and finally entered restore mode and would not come back on.  Was also sent a broken charger. Have tried to contact seller many many times, finally spoke.with someone today and they would not help me out.  I was told to call Amazon!!!! Poor service , never trust this company

they said this iophone is unlocked which is very frustrating to me, and i tried asking for a refund and they lied to me and confessed the lie, told me that it wasnt their problem, and then blocked me.

Iphone 3gs is nice because you can take pictures and video clips. I love the gps features and Internet connectivity. This cellphone has everything you need!

Upon receiving item, I immediately activated it but to find out it can only be used on speaker phone. The internal handset audio would not work. Had to return it to the seller

The phone is nice and all, but i can't even get it to turn on, there are no instructions so i basically have a phone i cant use.

Unit was outdated so would not meet the 4G network. Very nice phone good features but couldn't make it work.

I bought this phone and i regret it, the phone is 8gb but on the back it said 32 gig the homes button doesnt work properly you must press it real hard for it to work, the top of the phone were the lock button is has a crack, and it looked like it was droped the screen isn't placed properly their is a gap between the screen and the body, on the bottom of the screen were the screws should be the screws are missing the phone has lots of scraches. I suggest dont buy from this seller.

Upon opening the product, found out that the microphone doesn't work, no one can hear me on the other side, unless if I use the microphone that is part of the headphones

Before You buy an IPhone 3G, OR 3GS;* Make sure you buy an extended warranty that will cover you for total replacement (eligible) up to, at LEAST 2 years, and here's why:I bought a brand new 3G in 2008---in 2009 I had a problem with the phone and took it to the Apple Store. They looked at the phone, claimed it had gotten wet since I had it( As if I'm a kid that would let my phone near a drop of water! I'm 50 years old!) and that the warranty was void...I bought a replacement that day because I needed the phone for my job...last year I bought a second 3GS for a family member's  Christmas present and both of these phones have CONSTANT issues with their speakers. The speaker problem on my phone  has become so bad over the past 3 months that No One can hear me AT ALL when I send or receive calls now.My IPhone is an IPod Touch now...the other iPhone is on it's way too- don't WASTE your money on the IPHONE unless you can afford to buy a new smartphone every year.

I bought an iPhone 3g from Amazon a week or so ago and am so far quite pleased with it. The phone allows me to use WiFi and GPS which my old phone didnt have. The iPhone also has a nice camera which my old crappy phone didnt have and organizes texts much better.I like that I can get apps from the Apple store too. Found one that is being developed that I am excited for called Vespyr Sports, heres their video: [...] and facebook: [...]

The phone doesn't work. I tried putting my SIM card and it doesn't recognized. Also doesn't hold a charge for more than I couple hours. I can't believe that they will sell something like this and advertise that it's new.

got the iphone from hp electronics . as advertised the iphone 3gs is new. factory unlocked from at&t. just in time. im going to europe on vacation. i need an unlocked phone . my at&t iphone 5 will work but id have to pay $2.99 a minute. which is crazy. very happy.

The product was great.  In worth more than the money.  I would recommend it for Iphone first time user.  They will like it.

I owned the phone for over 2 years, and I enjoyed it tremendously.  The iOS works well and is more streamlined than the current Android OS.  The battery on the phone lasts long as compared to other phones in the market.  I recently upgraded to the iPhone 4, which is a big improvement over the 3G phone.  I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smartphone but doesn't want to spend very much money.

The previouly used phone did not work well when I received it.  I returned it and got a perfectly working 16g from another seller. The phone itself is great when in working order.

Even though phone looked clean outside it had serious defects.1. After charging 15 hours battery gauge was still showing low battery.2. Home button was not working, needed to press really hard or press it couple times.3. During calls without speaker nothing was possible to hear.As a result returned to seller. Read reviews before buying this device.

THE SCREEN WASNT REPLACED PROPERLY AND IT GOES IN AND OUT IF I TOUCH IT TO HARD. NEEDS MORE WORK

Perfect condition, works perfectly, everything was perfect with this order. Love my new phone and hope to purchase more in the future :)

Its just an unlocked phone. All the needed operating system have to be downloaded of the phone will not work properly.

I made the switch from an older Windows phone; I have never cared much for Apple.  I was quite pleased with what a got - a very versatile and useful phone that is really much more than a just a phone.  It is plenty powerful for me, since I don't do a lot of heavy surfing or downloads (and couldn't care less about Siri).  Being around my friends with 4S models does nothing to convince me that this phone is not still a very viable and MUCH less expensive way to get what you need in an iPhone.

When i receive this everythign looks good , so thought its working , but when i came back to india and try to start boot up , its not up, showing to local vendor, and inform me its Power IC is damaged , wrote on amazone complaint but no reply so far :(

I was always averse to buy phones online because most of them do not turn out to be well. But the one I bought from Zekostore has been AMAZING. It looks like new, no scratches on screen or back. Unlocked works with any carrier- T-Mobile and AT&T; and even international carriers like Air Tel. I loves this phone and highly recommend buying from this seller.Not to forget, their customer service has been AWESOME. Yosse has been very helpful and prompt in responding to my queries.

The iphone it is very bad condition,. the first time i used it, it was ok, but after a week, this phone get problem,The screen is flickering, please change the phone.

After hearing everyone rant and rave about these phones i gave in and bought older one for less and it is large disappointment it is slow freezes and the lock or to blacken screen doesnt even work it has no way to reset except taking sim out and doesnt work on prepaid which is sad because most people are converting over too and i am true believer in my android which was free works great no matter where i am even in my house the iphone doesnt work i bought it for my fiancee and he hates it except for clearity of pics and i have digital camera if needed

The product arrived in a timely fashion and is exactly as described.  It looks and works like new.  I expect to make good use of all that it can possibly do.  If you don't need 4G speed and all of the apps available, I would recommend this phone.  It would make a great gift for a family member, especially.

Item was just as advertised, good conditions, right color and capacity! Unlocked, did work fine with any chip, good deal!

Thanks.very good everything ok. Perfect functions congratulations i love it.thank you very much. Recommended this phone for latinamerica. Ok. God bless

Really liked this phone, liked the layout, how user friendly it is. I was worried about not liking the touch screen, but after using it I loved it!!! The only thing that we did not like is how long the battery didn't last and not being able to download apps. Just using the phone for a couple of phone calls and some texting the battery would not last a 8 hour work day without needing to be charged. When the battery got down to 20% the phone would shut off. The issue with not being able to download apps is not a huge problem, but having a Smart Phone one upside is being able to have apps... like angry birds!! Well we could not get them because the ios needed to be upgraded. I am not tech savy so I do not what this is or what it means, but really just some simple apps we could not get, (flashlight, weather). So for those two problems I give 3 stars. If you want a smart phone that is easy to use and has a touch screen this phone is good, but don't expect to be able to talk on the phone much because the battery will be dead in no time!

You should display that the phone is jail broken, it should not be displayed that it is unlocked by Apple

i purchased the iphone 3g used -like new and to my surprise the phone looked new and came in its original box and charger. i used it immediately and had no trouble with it. well, maybe just one! i didnt know how you put your sim card in? but, i called my nephew and he explained since, he had one prior. so, easy after sim card in. didnt have to call my phone carrier or anything to make any changes. i am very pleased with my purchase. and the sellers got it to me in a short few days.

excellent product, good equipment, excellent audio device, nothing to envy of other players, although the signal is not very good you can say is a great phone

it got this phone for great price.but the phone itself seemed to me sort of slow. other than that everything is perfect.

Not very good the iPhone not work all fusi&oacute;n on china and memory Roo small bad service 100% badbad . Teje One month to get the iPhone rely bad  bay everything bad never get for Amazon

I received what I ordered and the description matched what I anticipated. Glad to own this phone. One problem is they discontinued the 3G so it only goes up to iOS 4.2 which isn't high enough to install most apps. The phone is slower than the 3GS but you get what you pay for. Not bad for the price I got it for.

I bought this phone a month ago and one day it turn off automatically and when I reset it the phone was on vibrate and the speakers went dead. I complained when I purchase it that this phone was not 100% new as thd screen was not really shiny and the lock button on thd top was kind off press down and not fully functional.I complained to Ross cellular where I bought the phone from and they told me to delete my comment and they will refund 30$ to my credit card.I did not have a choice but to accept this offer as returning it on my cost would cost me 100$ from Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Very very disappointed and will never buy online from amazon again or other sellers listed on amazon.

Great pictures and easy messaging.  Easy to understand and work.  You have to do too many updates. It really was unlocked, no problem working in Central America.  It charges quickly.

well the phone is great but doesnt upgrade, thought it was unlocked. also it does not have flashlight. downloaded the light but didnt work. thank u.

good item, looks good, but there is no headphone on the package which makes me take off one star, it is unlocked so it is ok

this phone is no good ,just re-patching,raw adio button automatically lost,it's go up with glue.don't buy any phone with is company.

ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT SCAMMERS!!Buy this phone on December 11, 2012, January 15 was delivered and I had to wait until it came to Venezuela about 2 weeks, works well but no one listens to me when I call, I went to the store and I iStore accepted for purchase by phone amazon and they always have these kinds of cases, to my surprise told me that the phone is a iphone rebuilt and therefore accepts no me, no one to repair it, the phone serial no and disagree obviously because there are one thousand phone, the charger does not work, is lined with marker, the headphones do not hear well.I think a lack of respect and ethics that play well with people's money.DAMN SCAMMERS.

I wish everyone is as honest as you. My sister enjoy the phone. I worked great miles away from USA. Thanks again

why am i not allowed to add music to this phone....please...problems. it will take me quite some time to get used to. cane anyone help me as soon as possible

Not a whole lot to say. I was kind of skeptical of ordering another &#34;unlocked&#34; phone here on amazon, due to the issues I encountered ordering a Droid 2 Global (which, by the way, wasn't unlocked and didn't have the right software on it). But, to my pleasant surprise, the Iphone was really unlocked. Everything was in the box and in great shape. It really looked brand new to me. It was ordered for a friend, so I don't have it, but I did give it a good &#34;once over&#34;. This seller is the real deal. You can order a phone from here with confidence that you'll get what you pay for...

just one word amazingI had a bad experience with my last purchase online with a blackberry storm.So i was kinda worry for this one but so far so good

dont wast your $. it didnt even work its pice of shet. dont wast your $$$$$$. this company sucks phones dont work . trust be its bass. dont buy it u be disapoments like me . and if u what to return it they tell u cant becouse 30 days past bye. which is bullshet. u have 1 year waranty

The phone itself was in perfect condition, but my son and I were never able to get it functioning fully.

I bought this Ipone in octomber 4 and five days ago this phone dose not work. can you tell me now what i can do?

Always beware of what you purchase online. This phone must have come from Vietnam considering when I go to download in the AppStore it reads &#34;Item Not Available The item you've requested is not currently available in the Vietnamese Store.&#34;

I purchased the Iphone for my 13 year old son as a birthday gift. I currently have Tmobile as a my cell phone provider and didn't want to go thru the process of going into a new 2 yr contract or purchase an expensive phone thru the plan, so I searched because he always wanted an Iphone. The phone was delivered within 3-4 days I believe which was very fast and it was unlocked as it stated and it was in very good condition. I called my cell provider and updated my data plan for his line and they were very helpful and the phone is working without any problems. I may purchase another one for my mother from the same company. Very happy with the phone.

I bought this phone two months ago and already got problem with battery (it runs out so quickly-I compared it to other phones with same spec and brand). And now, it is totally black-out.. The battery can never be recharged.. I already contacted the vendor for the first problem, they gave quick respond and fixed it. But for the second time problem, they only replied once, without further follow up. I have to use my old phone again. I hope I can get my money back, because the phone is not as I previously thought...

unable to upgrade phone to get the latest apps..such a waste!! will be returning this back asap!! what a waste.

The phone has been given back to the store and I have been refunded. The service assistance from the store needs some improvement on the treatment with customer but the problem was solved in the end.

THIS IPHONE IS AMAZING. VERY GOOD PHONE, THE ONLY PROBLEM IS NOT EASY TO ACTUALIZED THIS IPHONE, YOU MUST SALE THE SOFTWARE

The phone wasdeliverrd to me still locked and we tried every attempt to unlock it without success. Some websites promised some expensive money to open the phone, and that would mean paying another money. It was going to be my son's bday present, so I had to got to a phone store to buy another phone at the last minute. I Felt cheated because I had paid for a phone that could not be opened or used. It just sits here.

I bought a iphone here and i love it. it works perfect. These people have strong customer service and are very helpful.

When I purchased my Apple IPhone 3G, I had a few issues with the phone but the seller has been really good about working with me to get these issues resolved. At this point, we are working as a team to correct the functionality of this phone.

When faced with the prospect of buying an I Phone for my son I was not going to spend upwards of $400 so I bought this and am I glad I did. It works perfectly and looked new on arrival. Its great and my son is in vogue with all of his friends now.  Thank you.

Ummm , yea this product was not what i was expecting at all. I returned it and they never gave me my refund so idk wtf amazon got going on but .... im considering deleting my account with them. shrugsss ... i wouldnt suggest it for anyone. And the seller does not give enough info about the products.

dont purchase i hated when i recieved the phone wasnt fully unlocked i wouldnt purchase the phone if i was you

I am disappointed that Apple no longer makes apps for this phone and so the most recent features are unavailable

Item arrived quickly and appeared to be in decent condition, however after 8 weeks I am nowuable to receive and make calls as the other caller(s) are unable to hear me. to.

The phone was brand new, nothing wrong with it but I ordered the wrong phone and the customer service lady was so nice enough to help me and work with me... Good customer service...

The phone was in pretty good shape overall besides the normal wear and tear from use over time but I soon realized the speaker on the phone doesn't work at all so if someone calls or texts me i wont hear it unless my phone is on vibrate which sucks and it was described as everything was in working order

Problem:This phone was sold as NEW and unlocked and we received it promptly after the Sept. 13th order fulfillment.On Oct 24th, the Phone failed completely.  It would not re-start with soft and hard reset.  It continued to be locked up completely with unresponsive touch on a fully energized main screen (the first "unlock" display present and waiting).  The unit was taken to a local Apple Store (while we were traveling, Tampa Florida) and the Apple service agent checked the Apple database to discover that the unit was out of their one year warranty period by about 2 months.This phone also exhibited minor problems in use:  Screen colors were tinted slightly orange; Apple locator on Google Maps had trouble locating the unit.  We were willing to "pass" on these performance issues, but not now with a "dead" locked phone.  When we took this phone to the Apple store, the technician also noted that the red water damage indicator had gone off.  In the 6 weeks we had the phone, it was never in more water than the ambient humidity which further suggests to us that the "new" phone we purchased was indeed a used unit. The Apple Technicians will not go any further with service at this time.  We have a dead unit.Request:A request for a refund in full has been made, via Amazon communications to the company (The OEM Planet) or possibly a replacement unit.  Our problem is that they have simply sent a "boiler plate" return form, but the form clearly states a 30 day return policy.... there is no mention of what they will actually honor beyond the 30 day period (our case), and so we are presently stuck.  We don't seem to have a true email address by which to continue a dialog with this company.In summary: we were sold a supposedly NEW iPhone 3GS, but all internal appearances are that this phone was never really NEW, but rather an used phone albeit with excellent outward appearance.If Amazon or The OEM Planet wishes to they can reference communications:The OEM Planet - Amazon Marketplace  [...]

This phone lasted me a few years. It did more than what my friends could do on their phones.For the price that i paid it was exceptional quality, and value.It even spent a year in Iraq with me throughout the deployment.Had no problems with this phone at all.I just recently upgraded to the Iphone 4S, what an improvement from the 3GS.

Muy bueno. Pense que por ser usado iba a fallar o  presentar rayas o golpes. Me equivoque, llego en perfectas condiciones, como nuevo. Incluye Cidya, por tanto no hay que actualizarlo en iphone store o Itunes, porque se bloqueara. Mucha gente lo ha calificado mal, pero es por no saber esto. Se actualiza solo por Cidya. Lo recomiendo. Saludos desde Costa ricaVery good. I thought that would be used to fail or have stripes or strokes. I'm wrong, arrived in perfect condition, like new. Includes Cidya, so no need to upgrade in store or Itunes iphone because it blocked. Many people have qualified bad, but not knowing this. Updates itself by Cidya. I recommend it. Greetings from Costa Rica

But it wasn't always useless, because someone clearly used it before me. And scratched it up to prove it. Absolute waste of money. I could not modify it at all because it was jailbroken and therefore unable to update. DO NOT BUY.

I purchased an Iphone, the second day, I looked down and had no screensaver.  after touching the screen I noticed that it was asking me if I wanted English, then USA, then it was telling me to please reboot using ITunes.  I did this and phone worked.  It later would not let me send messages. button would not work.  Then I had the rebooting problem again.  After the third time, of reboot all in a week of purchase, I contacted vendor,he suggested I go into the Apple store with it.  They were not nice, said I probably bought bootleg or refurbished phone.  After I told them where it was purchased.  They suggested I get my money back.  I am still waiting on my reimbursement.  As for as I am concerned Apple and IPhone can drop off the face of the earth.  This was not a good experience for me.

This product is very problematic does not stay charged it freezes up and barley operates the way that it is supposed to! the company that sold me this product will never have to worry about me purchasing anything else from them Amazon is a great website but the company sucks!

Work perfect meet my need love it very much about to get a other one for my sister for her birthday

I've hard time uploading some useful app soft wares unless otherwise it's apple.I'm guessing because it is not the latest version.

I ordered this, it took about 2 wks but it was to be used over seas thats what i thought unlocked meant, in other words this phone is not unlocked! Other phones i got that said unlocked were unlocked and works perfectly over there. Cam dont work but very nice condition. Contacted them and not a word. IM NOT HAPPY!!!!!!!!

wow ,for the money this phone is well worth it.no proublms at all would recommend this product.very nice thanks a lot Amazon.com

I got this for my sister and it came in great condition with everything that was needed. As long as its apple its all good.

I bought an unlocked refurbished Iphone because I will be using it overseas and I wanted something almost as good as new but without the pricetage.  For the most part, this phone has worked well but has a slightly faulty SIM chip insert.  At times I will get a no SIM card installed reading.  This usually corrects itself, but it is annoying because it has led to some missed calls and if I ever needed to make a call urgently and ran in to this problem, then it really would be a problem!Bottom line, you're probably better off going with a new phone.  If you want to save some money and are prepared for a truly used product, then better to go with a used phone vice a refurbished one, which is still pretty pricey.

Fairly happy with this purchase. I knew going in this was an outdated phone that most apps won't run on. I purchased this for my mother who was unhappy with her previous phone, so I got her this because I felt it was a much simpler user interface. There are literally only a handful of apps that run on this. Far less than I anticipated. No Facebook or Netflix. But she and I could live with it and you can still access Facebook over Safari. Basically if you're looking for a nice phone for talk, text, web, YouTube (built in app), weather, mapping destinations and a small handful of apps, plus photo taking and music playback, this phone is perfect. If you're expecting more, get a 3GS. Apple still supports that for the time being.UPDATEShortly after writing this the wifi quit working. It can no longer find a network. Have contacted the seller and am awaiting reply. I'm still fairly impressed with the phone. I don't blame the seller for the wifi crapping out, it is after all a 5 year old phone.

This iPhone is great and works well.  I am glad I purchased it, and very satisfied with the purchase.  I would conduct business with this seller again.

i recieved my iphone and first when in the for connection they told me was broken the jack (charger conection) so had to pay for something supose was new . two days ago phone is block so pay again for conection and had to pay for replay battery was swelling and broken... was trying to contact with amazon but someone online cant answer my questions...so i decided dont buy nothing else with you .....thanks

Bought this for a friend to replace his old one that he had broken. His grandparents had bought the first one and now with this replacement, they never noticed anything had happened. Perfect timed delivery and great price.

Could not update frim ware. Could not use my Icloud account. Could not down load needed apps. I needed more from a phone.

This was purchased for my Grandaughter for Christmas.  New in box and unlocked, made it so easy to switch it to the carrier she had.

This phone is not unlocked by Apple corporation. This iPhone is illegal jailbroken. Never upgrade it!  After first upgrade device stopped working and has become a useless piece of iron. The first update Apple has offered in first turning on.So, this device did not work even once!

This is an inexpensive way to get an iPhone. It works with my cheap pre-paid sim card. Many apps don't work with the old iOS 4.2, but I was able to find compatible apps to do all the things I wanted.

I bought this phone in january and I only used it for a week and then died. I am very dissapointed in this product or whoever is selling this product .

I have all ready payed U$ 200 so as to get it fixex, but I sitll have problems!! Had to get a new battery, fix the pin of charge and other things, Among other things I wasn't able to make wifi work!!

the phone is too slow.. slow to the extent that i smash it to the wall or toss it on the floor many times because it's so annoying. I'm not sure because it's a  3G or something wrong with it.  I used to have a 3GS and i never had problem with it at all.

I am not able to download any application such as whatsapp every app I try to download a app it is telling me that I nee isis 43 I don't like it

I bought a new iphone from the seller and after 3 days of receiving the phone, some buttons stopped working. Due to I live in other country, I took the phone for repair here, and was informed that the phone was not new. I had to pay USD 90 extra dollars to repair the phone.

It is a bad product, not like look's in the pictures, I will not never to buy some more ones, thank you.

Great shape in new box

A little dinged up but with a factory restore, update and re-installed backup I have a great working used iPhone.  And, I didn't have to activate through iTunes.  It remains unlocked.  Super deal!

When I originally purchased for the phone, I opted for expedited shipping. Well that didn't happen because it took almost two weeks to get here instead of the 3-5 days that was promised with expedited shipping. After I had finally gotten the phone I connected it to my PC. It did a search and needed to be updated to the latest version, which had been accessible for quite a while. While I was running the update, the phone froze and was not doing anything. I took it to the nearest apple store for them to tell me that the software was screwed up on the phone and that the battery doesn't hold a charge at all. I had the phone to charge for more than five hours, and it was getting ready to die after only two. I then had to purchase a new phone with the store instead. Poor poor purchase.

The phone out of the box looked ok but the battery does not last. Thought this was supposed to be a new product like the add said. Disappointed

I am thoroughly satisfied with the service provided by Moe's Quality Electronics in the purchase of an iphone for my son, who is an out of town college student.  My son was diagnosed with panic disorder, and it is imperative that we stay connected and easily in touch, so that we can manage his disorder, as well as his student responsibilities.  When his existing phone went out, I ordered an unlocked iphone from Moe's, through Amazon.  Delivery to his dorm was quick and easy!  Moe's followed up with two emails, ensuring that the phone had been received.  Thank you so much, Moe's Quality Electronics and Amazon!

The phone was very good. The problem is that it was not unlocked as it was advertised to be and I had to pay $45 to have it unlocked. Not very good advertising. I was surprised as I have always had good service with Amazon. I was pushing it to give this kind of rating because the product was good it was just not unlocked as advertised.I have done tons of business over the years and this is the first time I remember any problem. This makes may hesitant to use Amazon again.Philip Reber

Save yourself the time and money by not buying an Apple IPHONE. One real good reason is ITUNES wants to update all the time, you can not put music on your phone. You have to buy music from ITUNE. Updates to my phone eventually locked it up to the point of no more worky. Could not get on the internet without going to Apple's website and downloading a file for the phone to work with my phone carrier. Touchscreen no adjustment. volume control lousy, not at all pleased with Apple at all. I have had Nokia, LG, and Samsung phones and have been pleased with them Thought I would try a IPHONE. What a joke. They want you to pay for everything. I am used to a sd dick plugged into the phone to play music. Not with Apple. So just save yourself the time and trouble of not buying any Apple IPHONES.

Product came in good shape, a few minor scatches etc. The phone works great although I didn't know the 3G is slower than the 3S model. I plan on buying another iPhone soon as I want to get away from contracts and will definitely look here first.

I want to connect from home internet to IPhone 3G 8GB, but I do not connect home internet to I Phone 3 G 8 GB. I Phone 3G 8 GB does not have a Silence funciton. I Phone 3 G 8GB does not have a game sofware. The sound of IPhone 3G 8GB is small.

The phone was just what we ordered but my daughter wanted an iphone 4 so we sent it back to make the exchange.  We were very pleased with the product and the timely shipping as it came it on Christmas Eve just as promised!  Also we were very pleased with the refund process.  No problems!  We had a full refund within days and were able to order the iphone 4 quickly which made my daughter very happy!  Excellent!

I could not get onto WiFi. Went to apple and was told that the technology was old and could not be updated. Could not download apps. Only good as a phone.

Thank you very much for this phone. From the U.S. to Ukraine, he drove in three weeks. The only negative was washing in charge. Put photos charging and append it to the CIS countries need an adapter for Electric outlet.

I bought the iPhone 3G from Cali-wholesale mostly because they offered it fulfilled by Amazon. I knew if I had any trouble, I would be dealing with Amazon for the return.The iPhone 3G arrived in excellent condition. It is a used unit, but there were very few scratches on it and I was pleased with the condition. The iPhone was truly unlocked and not just jailbroken. I was able to update to the latest IOS available for the 3g (4.2.1) and use my T-Mobile sim card.I give it 5 stars from Cali-Wholesale. The only drawback, of course, is not Cali-Wholesale's fault. There are currently very few apps available anymore for IOS 4.2.1. This is disappointing, and something that might steer one toward Android if you would like an inexpensive smartphone with a large app selection, but I had intended to just enjoy the phone/text interface. I easily shut off all cellular data (do a search on how to alter APN settings) and will use it for talk, text, and Wi-fi only.

I appreciate the service delivery , it's superb. I ordered an iphone 3g brand new and i selected five day shipping . To my suprise the phone was delivered within two days . To me this is efficiency . The phone is excellent its performing very well and i am using it even outside the States . Keep it up folks

The phone is okay. But the charger stop of work after two or three weeks. Now, I should use my Ipad charger to keep going use the cellphone :(

I'll never buy a refurbished phone again. I bought it in a pinch before traveling overseas. I had this same phone years ago, then an iPhone 4 and now an iPhone 5 (that I left &#34;locked&#34; and as is b/c I wanted to be able to get iMessages with overseas with wifi). This refurbished phone doesn't hold a charge. Blanks out at least once a day. And has terrible service even for email with wifi.Junk. Was it worth $50 to have an iPhone in Asia? No. Even sending texts is SO SLOW I may as well be using a cheap-o phone where you have three letters on every key. Live and learn.

This phone works great No issues whatsoever Worked great right out-of-the-box I would recommend This seller to anyone Very satisfied.

The I-Phone was in great shape as described. The dock cable had a little tear. I contacted the seller and they replced it right away.

buyer beware of 3g iphone unable to upgrade ..you will need it if your downloading apps..very sad that apple would  rip people off and out date a iphone that fast ..i mean how long will the iphone 5 work 3 years and its a ipod you can make a call on .. boo too apple .. android phones are giveing iphone a run for ther money...even the g1 is able to do more than the iphone g3  ....

I bought  this for my son and he liked it. He wanted the Iphone 4 but he loved this one.

Do not buy this if you phone with Verizon wireless. It will not work and you will have to return it.

Very Pleased with this purchase!!!  The iPhone was new and perfect in the box!  I had to do a bit of troubleshooting aka put a small piece of tape on the back of my sim card to keep with from jiggling around in the phone, put in a hack to be able to send pictures, but I think these are issues that come with every unlocked tmobile iphone.  Thanks so much!!!!!!!

I think I should have got the 4 or 5, unable to add apps!!!!!  but I do like it other than that

It has been 2months since I bought iPhone 3G from Ross Cellular. The home button is no-long functioning. I have to charge the phone every 20 minutes. Please be careful when ordering your iphone through Amazon. They will reap you off.

I liked it. As per my budget, it served my purpose. Personnel with less budget may purchase this product for general use.

This was my first time purchasing an unlocked phone and an iphone, so I don't have anything to compare to. From the time I put in the sim card to try the phone out I immediately knew I didn't like the phone. I am not tech savy in regards to cell phones so I don't know all of the terminology but my previous phone which I loved was a HTC EVO and way superior in my opinion. I don't know if it's just the unlocked phone that was lacking but the phone is completely not worth it. I will be purchasing another droid ASAP... I basically wasted my $$ on this phone. The apps run super slow (if they work at all), forget about gps could NEVER get a signal, browsing is super slow, not as sleek in design as I would expect of an iphone, this phone is basically worthless to me.

It came like the condition said LIKE NEW!It Is the well known IPHONE 3 with the original accesories and boxed.

This is a version 1 phone from Apple and it won't download the GolfLogix app that I'd hoped to put on it, but for the money it makes calls and I can text.  That is what I wanted.

I did not like the phone because the battery was very bad..I could not even charge the battery for usage.

I've recently bouht this phone during a trip to Miami.1. I was charged extra for the 1 day delivery and it took 3 days + a complaint to get this item2. The iphone is unlocked by software. In the box a had a note saying it was jailbraked or sonething. I cannot freely update the software using itunesI seriously doubht (2) is legal in US.It is a shame this things are sold by Amazon.

Love it! The phone arrived when promised and was in new condition as promised with new charger and ear phones. It is a starter Ipone and perfect for when we give it to one of our sons.

The touch screen didn't work properly. also very slow processing the apps. I returned it just after using 1 day.

I purchased this phone in September 2011 but now the phone is not working as desired. Additionally, the screen lock button goes inside & makes it impossible to lock the screen.Upon contacting the seller, they said they'll repair for  $80. It looks they buy used phones and sell them as new on amazon.DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER IF YOU CARE FOR YOUR PRODUCT & MONEY.

I ordered this Iphone as factory unlocked..it is only unlocked...the phone almost constanly rebooted itself, when I tried  to use the wi-fi and if I tried to use a bluetooth connection. This phone now has a bigger problembecause I tried to update it on Itunes and it erased everything and is now stuck in recovery mode with a firmware error..its useless to me now...I will have to bring it to apple who will hopefully be able to restore it..if not then I dont know what to do.An UPDATE TO THIS ORDER..I contacted the seller and he gracefully refunded my money...CellularKingdome is a WODERFUL AMAZON SELLER...I will alwayslook to see if CellularKingdome is selling items because they are fair and reasonable and above all HONEST...THANKS AMAZON for having such honest great sellers.

Ship fast. And they will work with what your ordered. 5 stars for sure. Keep the good service. They will make sure you get what you want.

the phone is dead after first arrive, the reason is it can't charge, I try to keep charge over night, but the battery status still in RED position.this is my first time to buy refurbished item and I didn't know it is worst like this. I don't know does the vendor check the product first before sent it out to the customer. I'm really disappointed and going to sent it back to refund or exchange for the other one.

Received both ipods very quickly.  The only problem was that one iphone did not work after a couple months of use.  Aside from having it fixed, it worked well.

I love my new phone easy to use and it came with accessories I would recommend this seller to anyone .

I keep buying &#34;new&#34; iphones from amazon and every iphone I get doesn't seem to be new. I have had this happen with 4 phones. The return policy is very convenient but I still just want a decent iphone that is actually new.

It's an older model but still new. It's a gift to my cousin back home. Nothing to fancy. Good enough.

it stop working and always show a white screen when i try to turn it on and u cant restore it

The I phone was faulty , they did deliver a new unlocked but a faulty one, the microphone does not work, since the start of the new phone. I am screwed for 330 bucks , wont reccoment any one to buy from here.

This new phone is at least 3 - 4 years old and it has a dead battery.  I ordered another device from the same time period and that battery was just fineThe phone never charged; the battery indicator stayed red as it charged for over 12 hours.  The phone never booted up.  DFU mode/restore mode did not help anything; I am familiar with entering iPods, iPhones, and iPads into DFU mode  The computer never recognized the device.Be ready to install another battery in it or returned it.

I took the phone to another country and it wasn't unlocked.Plus, it doesn't download applications like facebook etc.Don't buy it.

I have barely had it a couple months and its already not working...it was working fine one minuet then the next i pick it up to try to type in my unlock code it wont even turn on...that was over a week ago and still nothing! and is charged not dead!

THE DETAILS OF THE PRODUCT STATES THAT THE PHONE IS FACTORY UNLOCKED. THIS IS NO TRUE, THE PHONE IS JAILBROKEN AND UNLOCKED ON THE BASEBAND 6.15. IT COMES WITH THE FIRMWARE 4.1 AND NOT THE LATEST ONE FOR IPHONE 3G/3GS WHICH IS 4.2.1.OTHER THAN THIS FALSE DETAIL OF FACTORY UNLOCKED THE PHONE COMES AS DESCRIBED IN THE DETAILS AND WORKS FINE AS LONG AS YOU DO NOT MISTAKENLY UPDATE THE SOFTWARE AND HAVE NO KNOWLEDGE HOW TO UNLOCK IT AGAIN.

When I got the phone, the phone was completely out of charge and I had to charge it for 20 mins to get it up and running. I was not able to close any applications that I opened in addition to being slow and charge issue.

I needed to address concerns about my purchase and the company communicated well and worked with me to ensure my satisfaction.  Would recommend them

This is the most useless thing I have bought in my enteir world, I bought this in amazone, used it for 6 month and the lower part of the phone will not work at all. I called amazone they said there is nothing they can do, gave me customer service of iPhone, the phone could not charge, so asked to charge and she will call me in an hour, and that's it. It a very useless phone. Does not deserve even a dot star.

product as expected. I did not open it as of now. But I came to know that I phone 3 out of date and no need to pay that much.

The information I was given about the phone before I bought it,does not match the performance of the phone since I have recievedit. I have be unable to make calls, and the battery needs to becharged every couple of ours, the phone is in poor working condition.I could not sleep at night if I sold things to my customers that doesnot work, I can only hope to be able to get my money back, or anexchange for a phone that works. Charlene from NJ.

1. The product was delivered on time.2. Initially it was not charging (even after continuously charge for 4 hrs) and battery was completely drained. The phone was not able to start. Later it was started charging by local charger and then started.3. iPhone 3G is now discontinued by Apple. More info @ [...]4. Successfully able to register product on Apple site, but for the product IMEI number, the warranty was no more exists. (Apple.com > &#8220;Check your service & support coverage&#8221;)5. You will hardly found any AppStore application that is compatible to iOS 4.x.x

You can't download any apps it is horrible I would never buy this again would not recommend this company to anyone they would not respond back when I try to contact them.

some of software missing,can not update software,so missing lots of applications,,,.....let me know if there is a way to unlock software updates

I hated it because it got freezed and stopped working at a point. I had to buy another one. It may not be fault since it wasn't a brand new stuff.

can use the phone but cant use the apps phone is to oldseller should use more details with this productnot happy with product.I am not unhappy with seller just un happy with product

I bought this iphone just because I need a phone which can be used in US and support foreign language. It just satisfied my needs. However, it is very slow and have low definition compare to the iPhone5 I am using now.

Only works on Speaker Phone, I will probably get it fixed at my own cost as i need a phone and dont have time to send it back.I havent been able to update the software as of yet, im still trying.

The phone is alright but the battery fails very fast and it is difficult to change battery, it is a technical piece of equipment.

The apple iPhone 3G I purchase was  good, enjoy it, it was clean and all features work. The only concern is that it doesn't connects well with some networks.

just as expected nothing more.very nice product. arrived on time and as expected. would highly recommend it to other online shoppers. and good price.

I bought a IPHONE 3 on Amazon, brand new and unlocked, however Applle said that the mobile phone is used (lost the warranty is two days) and is locked. The IPHONE using a program not provided by Applle.That is totally different from the supplied product purchased.I live in Brazil and I can not solve my problem. I Lost U$ 200,00 this purchase.

The phone it self works ok except I have difficulty connecting to my wireless router. The charger is no good.have to buy a new charger

I bought the Apple IPhone unlocked with the assumption that it was in very good condition. However, since I received it I have not been satisfied with the item. The phone does not charge adequately. It leaves me to believe that it is fully charged and then it dies without notice. I have a very difficult time getting any reception and the phone is always freezing. I am constantly shutting the phone off and on in an attempt to get up back working correctly. I feel like this was a total waste of money.

The product is in its immaculate condition. Apple is trustworthy and I found what I was looking for. Great service indeed

I love the low price I paid.  It was ordered as a Christmas present for a family member being deployed to South Korea who needed an iPhone unlocked.  She calls home everyday on it.  It works just perfect.  She is very happy with it and I could not be happier with this purchase.

It is only a bit bigger than a standard phone, but it still fits my wife's hand.  She is very happy that it is compatible with her iPad so she does not have to learn new trick and jump through additional hoops to use it. She is happy and so I am happy too.  On the other hand it is so sleek that I find it slippery to hold.  Buying a compatible case solved the problem but it is getting difficult to find an &#34;old&#34; case when everyone is heading toward the iPhone 5.  Making all these phone less &#34;sexy&#34; and more utilitarian should be the next priority.  The phone is ok but the battery needs to be charged daily!  More work on this might have been wise.  I guess that is how they can sell a new model every so often.  Cars were not sold that way.

I received the iPhone from Chicago, IL and the sim card would not go in due to damage of the port.  I returned it and yet have received my refund.  I was told by the seller he refunded the money to my bank account which takes up to five business days and it's been over 14 days and no refund appears in my account, so I think I've been taken by this seller unfortunately.  Be careful when buying from this seller.James

I ordered this phone and when i got it it wouldn't charge at first for like 2 or 3 days. Decided to wait before giving a bad review. Finally got it to start charging so I went to straight talk and purchased their sim card o put in the phoneand called straight talk and set it up. All i needed to was setup internet and mms. We don't have wifi at our house so i had to go to McDonalds. I sat there for 4 hours just to find out that the phone was crap. I was on the phone with the straight talk rep just to find out that the phone tha was claime by the seller to &#34;work properly&#34; was not the truth. Every website  i went to crapped out and sent me back to the main lock screen i could not do anything  with this phone. It has shut off and will not turn back on. What a waste of money.

the lcd was broken it was not unlock tried to contact vendor and did not get a reply my question.the appearance was good

I just receive this phone and first what I saw was a sticker on which is warning: "Do not update this phone thru iTunes, it will lost unlock"Phone is coming with 4.1 iOS version and 6.15 modem firmware version. It is iPad modem firmware version, which unlock phone but lose some capabilities,like GPS.So, this is not factory unlocked phone. Do not buy!!!

Ordered used, unlocked iPhone from Cali Wholesale.  Arrived w/o sim card tray.  Spoke w/ Josh at Cali Wholesale.  He offered to send one, or reimburse me if i purchased one locally.  For personal reasons i chose to purchase it.  Within two days phone stopped working (possibly my fault).  Spoke to Josh again.  He offered to reimburse my money or ship replacement phone over night since i was going out of the country on business.  Replacement phone arrived the day i was to leave and has been working flawlessly ever since (60+ days).  Money for sim card tray was reimbursed, too.  Josh/Cali Wholesale was great. Highly recommend him/them.  BTW, my computer guy was surprised to learn that my phone was 'used' since it looked so pristine.  Thx Josh.Apple iPhone 3G 8GB - Unlocked

Very happy with the phone, didn't have to wait long for the arrival. Excellent price!Would recommend it to everyone!

Was told it was unlocked, but ended up not being.  Also the iOS is very simple and doesn't allow for downloading applications.  More trouble than it needed to be.

i apsolutely love this phone....i put my sim card in an it worked great....no regrets...love every about it  an would defineately buy again or recomend to a friend...thhanks amazon...5stars...

buy this product again and came in very bad condition, not the tray where you put the sim, the charger does not work. I think that you should not send the phone in very poor condition. I need to solve this case soon. as for that canceled 150 dollars. to get a new computer, not in such bad shape

Very good economic product.  We are having trouble with the battery, both will not charge readily, or does not hold charge. These batteries may have been sitting in their boxes too long without use.  Or ???

iphone 3g is stale , out of date and boring......i would rather go with the samsung galaxy android phone rather than iphone and their ios that never changes in 5 years.

Hello,This was my very first Apple product and I assure you it will be my very last.I bought a supposedly NEW one on Amazon. The seller's name E&H; Electronics. www.amazon.com/shops/A1Y1K73KS093WJI was in hospital and then recovering for a while so did not open box until past the 30 days allowed for returns. Two days later, when I tried to reset to factory settings, the phone went completely dead. Still on but the screen completely black.I took it to an Apple store in Woodland Hills, CA. They looked up the history and said the "NEW" item I was sold was actually purchased by the seller in 2008. Apple would not provide any help and wanted $149 to fix it.What was most amazing was the Apple employee's attitude: arrogant and insolent. "It's your problem. You didn't buy this from us... Can't help you... You should've known."I wrote to Amazon and E&H; Electronics. Neither replied back.Here are supposedly titans of customer service - Apple and Amazon - and both performed no better than a street hustler.Amazon fronting for a fly-by-night seller who made no effort to warn me that YOUR PHONE IS BRAND-NEW BUT HAS NOT WARRANTY! - who could've predicted that? A phone that goes dead after 2 days of use. A total jackass 20-something Apple employee who had the audacity to blame me for all this. And a company (Apple) that knowingly dumps old phones to third-parties, of course knowing many buyers would get screwed.Corporate America has actually managed to change the meaning of "new". It now could mean new with zero expectation that it will work past 30 days.This paper-weight will remain in my possession as a reminder of the dishonesty and arrogance we have to tolerate everyday. And I look forward to kicking Steve's ass when I get to the other side.

The phone is very slow... it comes with out-dated software. the notifications do not come up on the phone.... im returning it

I don't believe this phone is unlocked, and I'm not sure that it is actually new, since there are parts in it that aren't from Apple. I believe I received a refurbished phone.

Said it was 'like new', but it wasn't at all.  Screen was scratched a bit which violated the rules of rating it 'like new'.  It did work though.

problem with charging and volume to low. charging not supported with this accessory. even if volume is full the sound or caller voice to low to hear

Not good and not working please don't buy this product it stopped after 1 monthI have purchased 2 unit both stopped  after 1 ,2 months

can u resend this iphone to me  because some body reffesing it not me please or itwas a wrong adresse my adress is North Brooklyn YMCA 570 Jamaica avenue 11208 Brooklyn  NY

This one is a verry good phone - it obvously has the drawbacks of not multitasking but the rest is greatInternally the iPhone based on Xperience it is very very very well made product because you really have to concentrate on its details and level of work DONE. But if They where to ever make any type of a change in casing or other details Apple will fall into the Trap of Mass Mass production. And may perish over time. Which is an idea that is unheard of. But a simple opinion. Take it or Leave it in the hand of Time. My Projection is 6.5 yrs I will be ready to buy an apple then. Currently because of SITE I use a very hard casing Mobile Phone for txt and calls only.this phone is still better than many other iphones that are 2 years newer.

one of the them was has a problem it has space between the screen and the body of the cell-phone  .

I am very disappointed with the iPhone 3 I purchased.  I tried downloading applications such as skype, facebook, what's app, etc. only to find out that the latest software the phone is compatible with is iOS 4.2.1.  All the apps require at least iOS 4.3 or later which makes this phone a complete waste of money.  I live outside of the U.S. and the only reason I bought this phone was to be able to have access to iphone applications through wifi.  I used an android phone before and had no idea of this software update issue with old iphones.  If anyone knows of any solutions to this problem I would like to know.

THIS VERY COMPLETE TABLE OF THIS HAS MUCH CAPACITY AT THE LEVEL OF MEMORY, QUICK CONNECTS TO THE WI FI. RECOMMEND ANY STUDENT WILL FIND YOU VERY USEFUL

Excelente calidad y entrega en tiempo y forma lo acordado. Muchas gracias por todo. Esperamos volver a comprar muy pronto.lo recomendamos

This was my very first "major purchase" from an online website and I was a bit nervous about it, but thankfully I had nothing to worry about! My phone arrived on schedule and was very well packaged. For a refurbished phone, you couldn't even tell that it had been previously used. It looked BRAND NEW! & it works very well and I've never had any problems with it. I LOVE MY iPHONE and I would highly recommend this seller to anyone who's got iPhone dreams on a flip phone budget. The price was very fair and affordable and I would highly recommend this seller.

Thought I was ordering the 3GS, which allows more apps to be downloaded. When received this, only 12 games available for my grandchildren. That should be noted on description.

the iPhone works for just 10 days, after that time it could not be charged (it was not the charger), now I doubt that the phone was really new

it came with everything and came with the original box. When I opened it everything came in tact. the phone was good.

Both devices do not charge the battery. When I took them for a Iplaca I was informed that these devices had been registered in 2010! I bought them in January 2013! So both are out of warranty! But I bought them in 2013! Now I lost $ 400 and I was with two Iphones 3 that never worked.

This iphone is kinda wonky acting, but it was refurbished and I knew that when I bought it.  It just does weird things, like go to the home screen right in the middle of my doing something.  But the seller was good, and we had good communication

this phone crashed the moment i put music on it. smh. i am not a iphone person anyway. i dont really like them. i choose to use it anyway. never will i buy one again.

When I recieved the product would not turn on, it was Completely defective product.  I would not recommend this product.

I have a sansung galaxy sII, and unfortunaly bought the iphone to my wife. This cel phone is too slow. Any galaxy (Y for exemple) is far better than this.

The phone is unlock indeed!!!! In good conditions and I just love this phone!!! Thank you very much for the offer.

The product is steel in miami i can say nothing about it, but i trust that everithing is fine w

This item has nice description for the cheap price it carries. I bought it thinking it was a great deal. When it got delivered I did not even bother to remove the phone protector until the next 3 days. When I did, I found out that the volume control on the sides were already chipped out but covered with the protector. between, I was still trying to mess with my service provider that I can not send sms on the phone. It was later, I realized that the phone is defective to send sms. I am so glad Amazon refunded me so I have the item shipped back to its owner.This item was returned on June 29 and delivered on July 1, 2013. Here is the tracking number from usps: 9505510915633180417704.

the microphone does not work and the screen was grated and needs update  to download  new apps phone too slow

Not only did the phone did not work at all I had to pay to ship it back.  Poor customer service!

I needed a moderately priced unlocked smart phone that would fully pare with my car's bluetooth system. I tried a couple other brands that only partly worked. I found this reconditioned iPhone 3G in the Amazon store. It came with a 15 day return guarantee if I found it wasn't as described. It arrived within a couple of days and was in even better physical condition than described. Right out of the box it pared with the car's system giving me complete voice control over placing/answering calls and using the phone's contacts list. I've also loaded a few apps and music into the device. They, too, work fine. If one doesn't need the latest whistles and bells, I'd recommend this reconditioned iPhone.

DO NOT buy any iPhone below at least a 4.  I made the mistake of getting this one because my bank told me mobile deposit works with ANY iphone.  Not true, Any iphone with an IOS above 4.2.1 which 3 and below cannot update beyond.  Basically if you get this phone, you have a nice looking phone that won't run anything you want to work with because the IOS is too outdated and Apple ditched it on updates.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!

The phone is locked! I can't use it in Brazil, it is a shame. I am regretful for shop it.

I have never had a phone with internet, camera, touch screen or anything "fancy".  I got this phone as a work phone and love it!  It takes awesome pictures.  I use i tunes to download music and plug it into my car stereo to listen to them.  Although I like that feature i tunes is a little overpriced, but thats besides the point.

The product was in good shape. But I used it for a month and it always was heating up a lot. And it stoped working with in a month.

So, the transaction was smooth and the shipment on time.The Iphone was working properly and apparently not damaged. A few scratches around the corners but not a big deal. However, as I expected, the battery is not in a good condition. I have to recharge it everyday, sometimes twice a day.The iphone also came with the jailbroken software.Other than that, the phone is working great. Good product overall.

I used it when I travel oversea so I have conection to internet after i sign up in local phone servcies so the price is right and serve me well have phone and internet at the same low price and i am connectted .

it was slightly a used iPhone , i bought it thinking it was new. other than that it was fine i guess.

As I said the iPhone I boght was preowned, but not new as it was published.So I proceed to send it back and the requested my money back.I'm still waiting.Enrique D'Elia

Todo funcional nuevo y como decia en la descripcion del vendedor ninguna queja, incluia el adaptador de corriente, cable usb, y cuna de carga.

Good evening:I made a mistake when I bought this product because I had to buy an Iphone 3G S.  the one I got is an old tipe of cel and it is very hard to download new apps.  The 3G S can get news app. But the mistake was mine.I dindn't know that Apple doesn't aloud in the old cellphones to download new apps, and now the phone I bought is almos useless.Thanks for letting me write to you in order to let you know my mistake.Note: The other cellphone was not delivered. I did not got it.-

in my opinion this product.,  iphone 3G was very bad purchased., because its not unblocked and the main button its not working., and the battery not working good too., so my purchase was very bad

Understood that apple iPhone was unlocked,but i believe someone has used it as well as i coudl see pics onto the phone.

COULDN'T DOWNLOAD ANYTHING

Arrived promptly and in excellent condition.Has been an excellent ,solid purchase althoI knew the I-4 and upcoming I-5 have bellsand whistles. Does all a 64yo gentleman desires.!!

The phone that I receive has not the bands open, which means that I have lo pay later 45 US$ to unlook the bands.

I got the iphone in time in good conditions. However, I got a defective charger andthey didn't send a replacement. I contacted them several times without any response !!!!

Thank you for your speeded delivery of this Iphone. The details of this product were accurate, and I look forward to doing business with you in the future. Very excited about this purchase!!!

The phone is great. The charger that came with it is defective and discharges the battery. I had to purchase a new one.

This product really sucks.. I bought a BRAND NEW iPhone and it still came with a virus.. Now I have to pay apple 99.99$ to get it fixed

Love this phone, even without the front-view camera! It's fast, efficient, and still fits in my pocket. Would recommend the phone to anyone.

Before I buy something.. I be sure to look at the reviews, and when I looked at these reviews I kind of put it off, because there wasn't many good ones. But, eventually I just got it and I'm SO glad I did. I got a refurbished one and it looks brand new. I had it for a few weeks now, and still.. there's nothing wrong with it. I may just have to start buying phones from here.

I took this phone to Ecuador as a gift.  Even though it was advertised as inlocked, it did not work from the beginning.  It is impossible to return things from such a distance and I did not try it out before leaving the states because it was a gift.  I am not sure about other countries, but in Ecuador the government is doing what it can to keep phones from being brought in.  I don't know if this phone was blocked or just defective, but bringing in Iphones to this country is iffy at best.

Don't buy this product. The software is old and you will not be able download any apps on it. Anytime I tried to download, it gave a message that I needed a more current version in order to download. What good is an iPhone without apps. I will not recommend this to anyone. Get iPhone 4 or 5 or get a Samsung galaxy instead.

The phone works very well, neat and clean no scratches.But I want to return it, I found out that the 3G is by far behind the 3GS Apple Phone.It will not connect to Bluetooth, it will not take Bar code, it will not take video and the GPS is very week.Please forward me a return number in order to get a refund on my Visa card.Thank youDaniel Allaire

I like it a lot.  It is exactly the phone I was expecting. It is in good condition, it works fine.  No doubt, I can recommend this product.

Phone was received on time but did not function right it freezes most of the time and the charge did not work and when I contacted the company they told me to sent it back less 20% restocking fee. But I told them I should not be charged because they sent me a malfunctioning product and I complained to Amazon then they came back to me and said that phone did not have their inventory sticker. I had to talk to their customer service and they agreed on the full refund but they still insist on not recognizing the inventory sticker and that got me mad and felt indirectly accusing me in wrong doing so I demand to talk to the owner which was very nice and apologetic, she promised things like this will never happen again in the future. It was such a bad experience and waist of time and lack of professionalism from their part. I would not recommend buying product from PUT Group USA.

exelente de verdad un articulo nuevo en muy buenas condiciones el envio fue rapido y llego a su destino en menos tiempo de lo esperado recomiendo este articulo

I received in today's mail my order in excellent condition and the user in Tanzania should be most happy with your product.  Thanks and ***** to you

Well, I need to say that I had the worst experience with the phone I've bought, the accesories weren't originals and the phone was extremely  slow,  the phone looks like it's rebuilt. It was the worst purchase I have made. I have had experiences with Iphone 2 and are much better than this phone 3G acquired. I felt like I throw my money away

I was very impressed by the prompt delivery of the iphone and I have had no problems with it.  I live in Peru, so getting an unlocked phone was very important for me and have been happy with it.

After I got this used phone it was full but then next day or so when battery was low I decided to plug it in and Battery decided that it was not going to work with charger so it died automatically&#8206; and it was no use to try to fix it so I send to company for trade in for my money because of this was piece shit after day or so and then I decided from now on I will no longer buy use phone that is going to be without battery charger or died and do not want to work anymore................

what I expected I don{t recomend it for someone who wants do use apps unable to upgrade operation system I use it to check my email and bank accts when traveling

I bought this unlocked i phone and sent it to an asian country. They found out that it was unlocked and the software was not installed. Utterly disappointed..! Those who are buying this to use it in any overseas countries (even though the product description says, that it can be used in Europe for any GSM), be careful with your order...!!!

After I had finally gotten the phone I connected it to my PC. It did a search and needed to be updated to the latest version, which had been accessible for quite a while. While I was running the update, the phone froze and was not doing anything. I took it to the nearest apple store for them to tell me that the software was screwed up on the phone and that the battery doesn't hold a charge at all. It is a scam

The product I knew it and it is OK. The problemis that I bought it "unlocked", and have to have a technician to really unlock it to be able to use it in Uruguay, where I live. There is still a problem in getting wifi signal, I must approach too close to the router. I bought it as "new", but I feel this product has been refubirshed or so. I will buy next product ar apple store directly. HAving lived in US, I should have returned this product.

It is good,but too hard to open it. But the price is reasonable,so just accept it, maybe. Next time, I prefer a latest one.

The phone was used on a net 10 phone service.This phone was supposed to be unlocked and able to use with any phone provider.While the phone and text service worked fine. The internet was never able to connect. You can't download every app off the app store. It was taken in for service, and was told the way this phone was unlocked cause these issues.

phone had problems as soon as we received it, not all the features worked, and after three months it quit working all together.

this phone was a gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. Phone was in excellent shape, has no difficulty switching over. Thank you for timely manner in which this was received.

The front screen is slightly leaning forward off the phone, and the lock screen button hardly presses but it does work. I'm not 100% satisfied, but it's ok.

Don't be fooled by the title that says UNLOCKED. The phone is LOCKED! period. And it is written in the product description. I realized that only after few hot exchange of emails with GagetWorld to explain to me why is the phone LOCKED when the title clearly states "Apple iPhone 3G 8GB-Unlocked". It was my fault because I didn't read the product description, and it was they'r fault that the title said UNLOCKED and it actually isn't, now I need to unlock the phone by myself. Still the phone looks like new.

Got two iphones to replace mine and my husbad's, neither worked, hat to spend over 100 dollars with a technitian, and still not able to function properly.  Awfull product.  Couldn't return them, since we trew away the boxes...  Next time rather pay a couple of dollars more and buy directly from Apple!

I received this (old fashioned, i know that) model , but the battery operates for only onde day , even with wireless disabled !

I purchased this item for my son in Guyana and needless to say i ended up feeling very embarrassed because my son cam not make calls when he does he can't hear anything. the phone is not working and in worse condition then they mentioned. terrible I would never buy from Amazon ever again!

It wasn't unlocked. I got my money back and the people who sold me were very nice, but I do not recommend it.

The Phone home screen button does not work I am very dissatisfied with the phone I want to return it very upset

The phone was a 3G even though I typed 3GS into the search engine and it said it was inlovked and it wasn't!

I'd never buy from this seller again. Provided defective handsets, twice! Paid additional shipping and handling for exchange and was not at all happy with second shipment.. I had to keep the phone BC if I ask for a refund, they'd charge 20% restocking fee and additional shipping and handling. Totally not worth losing $100 bucks. Worst experience ever!

Phone appeared brand new in immaculate condition, however the battery died after two weeks of use. Receipient is currently purchasing a new one and will see if the new battery lasts.
