
Good morning,I cheated this is a mockery of the two phones are bad does not work, the seller sap well that these teams are not operating this is an abuse, but no matter which god bless them.regardsLuis Berroteran

false advertising its a 3g. Why are you taking poeople hard earn money. You should feel shame. I hope you get banned.

Battery was utter bad. the was battery was getting dried up every 1 one hour.. Also they said that phone was new but when we went to apple store they told that this was phone was refurbished..

I ordered this phone not realizing that the 3G would not work with Verizon even thought the Seller clearly stated it would not in his description.  After a trip to the Verizon store I contacted the Seller and he approved my return and within hours of receiving it back had credited my account.  I can't thank him enough.  In addition when the phone arrived it looked like a brand new one that had never been used.  He included a few accessories that were not mentioned in the description and it arrived within just days of my order.  Excellent Seller to do business with and I would highly recommend him.

Did not work, should be unlock take it to about 3 sims card other carriers but none could get it to work overseas.

I know some people have had complaints about buying used iPhones. I got mine from Zebradeals and it came in faster than expected and it was all I could have wanted and more! They responded quickly when I had a question. Just keep in mind that this is an unlocked phone and can't be allowed to be updated by iTunes or it will LOCK! They warn you about this! I just needed a used iPhone so I could try it out for a year when I can get out of my contract and get a new phone. I just wanted to be able to try it on for size and I think it is a good investment. I plan to upgrade to iPhone 5 in the future. But this is great for now!

After two days of use, the battery passed away!! and there is nothing to do but return the device!!  I sincerely hope my money will come back......  It was sold by Amazon?????????????  no, it was sold by MANKA

These all appear to be jail broken or gray market iPhones, as Apple has only made the 8gb iPhone 3gs available in the US market.Amazon's own community policy prohibits the sale of jail broken cell phones:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_rel_topic?ie=UTF8&nodeId;=200277240Thus, all these phones are supposed to items prohibited for sale on the Amazon site by Amazon's own policy.Plus, as I understand it, all these phone have no Apple warranty, as jail breaking and/or bringing a gray market phone voids the warranty.The one good thing is that if you are unhappy with your purchase, I believe the seller has to refund all your money for selling a prohibited item.My question is this: Why does Amazon allow these to be sold if they are prohibited items?

This is my first iPhone.  Of course, it is the pre-pre-previous edition, compared to the now available iPhone 5, but to me, it has not the slightest notion of being old or outdated.  For nearly ten years I used a Sony-Ericsson T610, which served me great and is still functioning after so many years.  But, being an avid iPad user, I felt it was time to switch worlds, and a used iPhone 3GS is the best I could afford.  Setup was so easy, and it works like magic.  This is like a great-grandfather that can do somersaults and is up to date with all the latest tricks.  I can definitely recommend it, without the slightest reservations.

first: Amazon never told me about other company was the resposable for sold the device for me , I all the time imagine i'm was buying the device through Amazon.second: Never Amazon told me before the order conclude, the device maybe doesn't work properly because the device was unlocked with a non original software.I'm very disapointed with Amazon.com.[...]

It did not work well as  i thought, i used it in spain, and it stoped working after about 6mths, the screen became blank and i could not aswer the phone

I heard reviews that Tmobile will not work with the Iphone, but my Tmobile SIM works just fine with it. This is an older used Iphone 3gs and still works great. Seller sold it with an old Home button and missing volume button, but I like it way too much to mind. The Iphone in my opinion has one of the easiest interfaces to use and also the most varied functions - that is, you can play music on it, watch movies, take pictures or videos, make calls, check your mail, without weeding through the menu to find each function. This is my first Iphone and I'll definitely stay with it.

This ad is a fraud.The iPhone announcement is neither new nor unlocked.This is a used product and locked.Do not buy.

I would have liked to know more about ordering ipods so I could have helped my grandkids make thecorrect order.  As it stands, the wrong items were ordered and only one of them has indicated arefund will be issued.

My purchase has been an upleasant experience from the beginning due to the following reasons:1. Lack of clarity of the product itself due to misliding information: on the amazon page it was presented as iPhone 3GS and in reality it was iPhone 3G.2. During initialization the latest release of telephone software from I tunes blocked the phone as not "apple official unlocked iPhone".3. As I bring my iPhone to Italy, and return the phone by courrier was diffult I brought the phone for unlocking again to a specialized operator. During the unlocking operation from the serail number it appeared that the iphone was not new but already retured back from the market.4. After one month of work the screen stopped to work and now it remains dark.5. I pull back my old phone in operations

The phone was just like they said it is awesome. It was delivered within the time they said . I wish I was paying attention an gotten the 4GS instead. I will be purchashing another Iphone soon. Great price great service great product . Thank you Amazon.

not good returned, stil did not get my money back. the phone was locked and used not new nor refurbished that means I specind $30 dollars ot unlock and still not taking charger and not working properly.

It was not unlocked and I could not get a refund. I had to pay fr it to be unlocked. I think that it was not worth the amount it was advertised for considering the fact I had to pay for a fctory unlock.

I have purchased 2 Iphones 3GS 16GB as new, both mobiles not working properly, one mobile not charging properly the another one get black screen and start working after reset function, both mobiles goes off suddenly for no reason even if the charge full, start working only when we plug it to the charger, reset function fist start then goes on, both mobiles not working in humidity aria like the close swimming pole.I think the seller know that his products were faulty, why? If this happen with one of the two mobiles, then I would said this happened accidently, but if booth mobiles same problem then the seller should know that something wrong and not marketing similar products through very trusty AMAZON. COM.I am regular customer with AMAZOM.COM and never happened to me like what happened this time.The problem that both mobiles went overseas as a gift and needs two months to get them back to the state. I am not sure if the seller will accept the mobiles back or to replace for another two good tested not faulty mobiles, someone needs to answer my question.Mohamed AljawahiriEmail: mohamedjawahiri@hotmail.com

I bought this item for my dad in Africa and he loves it. He says I made a difference in his life because no one has an Iphone deep in the village. he called and told me one day robbers were about to cut off his hand when they saw him with it. to cut the story short, Go Amazon.  you are the best.

Apple is known for their design and products. So there is nothing to say much. This model became bit outdated but still it full fills all my needs and a best device for a person like me.

With this are several things wrong'1- I wanted to be unlock, it was not2- The batteries does not hold charge.3- it coming apart.So, the only thing I will say is the I lost 219.99

iOS updates stop at 4.1.2 and the SSL isn't secure nor will it be patched by Apple.  That means that any connection made over wifi to a secure website (banks, paypal, email, etc) can be intercepted with a simple tool.  Only iPhone 3GS and higher are being patched with this major security hole.[...]

IPhone has passcode that prevent us from openning the mobile. We want to unlock the phone but the passcode needs to be known first. Passcode was not given despite mails sent to seller. Now, we are unable to use the mobile and its of no use purchasing the item.

The iPhone was built by a team of professional hardware and software engineers - one of the best and most successful companies in the world. Why mess with a good thing and try to make it better? I bought one of these and it came all scratched up and used.I would suggest just going through one of the regular carriers if you're considering getting an iPhone. Sure, you'll pay a little more to begin with but it's going to be well worth the money when you have issues downt he road and need the customer support like AppleCare to help you out.

I get a broken phone with smell of glue in it. I send it back to get money or another phone but I did not get anything. Whaiting for one year...

I received the phone in a box that looked like it was an Apple manufactured iphone.  It was purchased as a birthday gift for my husband.  Within a week or so, he noticed that the battery life was very short and that the phone kept cutting off on him.  He took the phone into the Apple store.  At the Genius Bar, he was specifically told that the battery was somehow not compatible with the phone itself (the serial numbers did not sync up...the phone's serial number was completely differently from the battery's); and that all of the icons on the screen appeared to have been "downloaded" instead of actually being manufactured that way.  BUYER BEWARE!!!  Needless to say, the phone is being returned!!!

Product arrived really fast, it was a complete package, all in good shape. The only thing is that when I bought the phone it said unlocked but I didnt know then wether it was factory unlocked or not, now I can confidently say that it is not factory unlocked and it is jailbroken which absolutely has no effect whatsoever except for the fact that unlocked iphones have a small problem with their "push notifications", so beware of that if it is of importance to you. Other than that excelent product and excelent seller

if you are looking for a verizon phone  know that a 3g or 3gs is not compatable with verizon service  you will wait a week like me try to activate and then end up having to send it back wait to get a refund till they get it back!!!! please don't get screwed like me

I expected a new, unlocked phone but received one minus it's on/off button and jailbroken. When I tried to upgrade to the latest software it blocked. It should have said clearly that it was a jailbroken phone. But who would buy a phone from 2009 that was stuck in the old software when you could buy one the same price software updated to 12 September 2012 release of ios6?Bad experience and bad buy.Una Stewart

it was advertised working and open line but it was not working. apple checked it but they said that it needs to be uploaded with the software which costs more that the price of new one.i still didn't hear anything from the seller 'coz i want to return and get my money back.

This Cell Phone only worked 1 Month, unexpectedly did not work any more. Technical service told me, the cell phone was Refubrished.

Excellent model for all the use I give to mobile devices. Operating system and quick access to all the applications I use daily. 100 percent preferred.

The product was in great condition and shipment was timely. I would recommend any body to use the service. My experience with this product was one of rewarding.

Function wise it is OK. But it is a used product. All the previous owner's stuff was there. It took long time to get rid of these things.

The Wi-Fi chip freaked out after about a month, but i bought a new one right on Amazon and fixed it. Otherwise from that minor setback which was fixed the phone was superb.

Thank you for telling me about the old software, the screen is perfect it doesn't have any crack. I'm satisfated with my cellphone

If I knew what a jail break cell phone was about, I would have purchased a new phone. I did not know, if you purchased a used cell phone, you had to jail break to use it. You can not use it without manipulating the applications through another service Cydia.  I still do not understand how to use Cydia, it is just parked there on my cell phone with 7 applications that I do not know how to download. I believe most of them cost money to use. I would have been better to purchase a new cell Iphone 3 at  a hundred dollars more.

The best advice one may receive is do not ever buy a cell phone online. For all intensive purposes it is now illegal for Verizon Wireless to put their SIM card into an iPhone at the store. It makes no sense but trust me just don't do it. The iPhone 4S is way better anyway

I sad because i lost my money whit this iphone.the moter board its bad and the cost for fixex its $150

This phone came just as the description stated, like new with no scratches. It didn't come early like others said it would but that is fine. I've had this phone for about 2 weeks now and it is working great just like an iPhone should. A major issue I had with it however, is when the battery ran completely low it would not charge. It would show the apple sign when charging then the screen would quickly go black and it would repeat this action. I was worried I had to return it but I let it rest without charging overnight then the next morning tried to charge it again and it worked. Now my phone is working great but I know now to never let it die down completely again like that. It was word it and I hope it last for a long time.

I liked this Iphone because it arrived the way it was described.I had had other phones and to be honest this one is much better because of the price.

I was finally able to go to an Apple Store where I thought I would be able to get technical support for my iphone.  I was told by an Apple Store employee that because I did not purchase my iphone from an Apple Store or Apple online that they would not provide me any service.  Had I known that prior to purchasing my iphone through Amazon I would have not purchased it.  I would have instead made my purchase at an Apple Store or Apple online.  I am very disappointed at Apple's policy.  But, it is disclosure that Amazon and sellers of Apple products should make so that innocent consumers can make an informed choice.  If it were not outside the return period you would definitely be getting this product back.

i got amazing celphone now . i loved it , althought i dont used it as a celphone more on ipod and i download a lot of games . but im definitely satisfied with it .thats why i always stick with amazon . they got quality product than any other site .

I purchased an Iphone 3GS 16GB and received a 3G 8GB.  I returned the phone to seller who insist that i sent him the wrong phone. If the 8GB was working properly i would have kept it, but in addition to the phone not being the correct phone - it was not working properly.  I returned the phone May 24th and am still waiting for my refund.

I order iphone on my birthdayand recived only box from iphone!Right now I made a refound and going send box backbut it `s really do not uinderstand this guyWhy He try sell box from iphone?

Got it used off of Amazon and it worked great. Easy to use. Loved it.Eventually sold it to by the iPhone 5

In the beginning I liked it, but then I lost the unblocking stuff when I connected it to the web and i couldn'y use it any more.  It's in my desk as decoration.

The SIM card slot never worked. I had to replace the slot by paying extra. Wasnt unlocked. Its defnitely not worth the money spent to buy this  especially since i wanted to gift this phone.

This hand set is good. I bought it for gift. My niece likes it and still using it. The merchandise arrived on time, no problems.I know this is even off market now otherwise it works fine.

I was in the market for a a nice different gift for my wife and I found it . when she saw it she loved it . She wore it the next day to work to show it off .I would recommend it to anyone.

I ordered a "Brand New" phone form this company and got a defective phone. I took it to a electronic store to find out that the "brand new" phone had already been tampered with. I then sent the phone back to the seller at my own cost of course, and sent back possibly the same phone. I then had to pay the cost of shipping the phone to my country(Bahamas. Finally i used the phone only to find out that the microphone is defective. This phone was a gift for my mother so you can only imagine her distress hearing me run after this company for a simple brand new iphone 3g. The company told me that there is nothing they can do but i believe that there is nothing that they're willing to do that would cost them money!

I WAS INTERESTED IN GETTING THIS PHONE.INSTEAD I ENDED UP TAKING IT OFF MY FAVORITES LIST DUE TO READING WAY TOO MANY BAD REVIEWS!

thank you very much,i received the mobile phone today and it is a perfect iphone.no broken parts and no programme problemes.

This IPhone is not worth $330!! I cannot get my email on it now,won't download them,the navigation button sticks, they do NOT tell you that you CANNOT upgrade the ios in the description of the phone, so I cannot even buy ringtones or update some of my apps!! They send you a piece of paper when you get the phone that says.... "DO NOT UPGRADE THE IOS ON THIS PHONE OR IT WILL LOCK IT AND WILL BE USELESS!! Well it certainly is NOT worth the money I paid for it and I have only had it for one month and a week. Wireovia is giving me a hassle about getting my money back when the phone is in perfect condition! DO NOT BUY FROM THEM YOU WILL BE SORRY!!!!!

I've bought this cell phone in august and it is already not working. It is showing no service, but we bought it unlocked. There is any password that we should type? we went to apple store and they also weren't able to fix it.Thank you in advanced!Hope to hear from you soon!Regards

As always Apple puts out a great product.....but as always, there are glitches...I needed to replace an old 3GS due to battery failure. Within a week of recieving this 3GS the same problem arose. Battery will not hold a charge and powers off at random times. sometimes 10 times a day. Very annoying!! But to hard to try and return to seller with a 10 day turn around with no phone. Very disappointed the seller did not properally test before selling!!

.... a change in software allows to use various Sim Cards in the US, but applications such as iTune cannnot be updated.  Hence, a notice informs the user of the risk of overwritting the software which allows the so-called unlocking.  I did not try the phone abroad with foreign sim cards since I returned it (and was properly reimbursed).  Also some functions of the phone did not work, for instance the camera.  I would not recommend this product.

this phone is jailbreaked and can not be used with a normal contract. I ended up at the apple store and they told me this I phone was not able to be unblocked

I DID NOT HAVE THIS PHONE TO LONG, BECAUSE OF THE HARD SKIN FACEPLATE.  IT COULDN'T FIT ON CORRECTLY, when attempting to put cover on my cell kept going on and off and then completely quit working.

Thanks! I wasn't expecting the phone to be unlocked AND on iOs 6!!! Thanks so much. I have to meet the character requirement to submit this, so here it is.

Nice phones and nice company.fine product.fine service by the company .all apple product are great like this product is awesome

its an okay phone due to not having the upgrade option and also does not have flashlight either. other than that its slow due to 3G. thank u.

the equipment is released please do not publish false information that is all I play it back, that waste of time do not recommend

Do not buy this online! Save yourself the hassle and just get it from your local at&t or apple retailer!!!!

phone was advertised to be UNLOCKED... and it cost me $25 to get it unlocked.  Also, it has a very short battery life.

it is not unlocked. i gotta unlock it to be able to used my simple mobile phone.. although the phone works very good, but the seller said it was unlocked, when it is not.

I was wary to order a refurbished phone via the internet.  I perused Amazon for over one hour.  I saw this company and scoured every review.  (Who can beat a 99% rating!) I decided to give it a try.  Not only did I receive my phone six days earlier than expected, the phone was perfect.  Not one scratch, not one ding, not one flaw: it looks like a brand new phone!  Synching was no problem, and so far I have not had one problem with the phone or one inkling of regret buying it.  I am overly pleased and I would recommend this seller to anyone.

When we ordered this phone, it was for my daughter who was moving overseas, we needed one that was unlocked as it is easier and cheaper to use the overseas phone service. The phone was advertised as being unlocked....my daughter had to pay 30 euros to have it unlocked when she got to Europe. I was very disappointed and do not recommend buying anything from this person as they are advertising falsely

I know nothing about technology and this company went out of their way to make sure the 3g iPhone ordered was what I wanted and needed.  With their help, I got the phone connected to the "Straight Talk" service from Walmart I wanted to use.  (Though more than one person told me it couldn't be done.)  I love the phone and look forward to doing business with this company again.  They answered my questions with information I could understand.  The phone works great, and I love being able to connect to the internet when away from home.  I can find addresses and travel routes from anywhere I get a signal.

Nice to see that it is at a lower price than eBay, but I think it should be lower than this.

Purchaseeed the Apple iPhone It came early, and everything works, even came with cord and wall adapter and speck cases really happy i got it at this time

preserved baseband, easily to be jailbroken for keeping unlock while upgrading to the latest iOS version, and i did it...come with original box.. hope you can sale the same thing again...

I ordered a used 3g I-phone from this vendor after checking other reviews attributed to him. They looked suspiciously too good to be genuine. The desctription of this phone said "Like New".  I wondered how close his description would be to my own. When the phone arrived I thought it really was a new phone!  Good merchandise at a decent price with an honest description. "Integrity", what more would you want?

It was advertised as an unlocked iPhone but it came with the AT&T; SIM card still in it.  My SIM did not work.  I'm currently working on unlocking it so my SIM card does work.It would be good if folks knew that unlocked doesn't mean the contract is expired.

i orderd iphone 3gs phone from this seller, i got it one day late, and i found that camara is not working, then i  take this phone to Apple store, since this seller sold Factory unlocked new phone, my phone was replaced with new iphone in apple store.

i got iphone 3gs 16 gb unlocked phone it is nice and clean.no doubt at all and its work perfectly...

This iPhone was declared as "Used Very good" but it was extremely bad. Back side 100% completely scratched. Apple logo was completely scratch. There are a few dent on bottom corner. Color was changed from white to beige. Many and deep scratch on front touch screen.Visual look is completely bad. Camera lens was scratch too. Don't understood what's "Very good" mean?I am very disappointed with its appearance.Don't buy anything from this vendor!!It's a nightmare for me.I will not buy any mobile phone from Amazon anymore.I bought this 3GS iPhone from Amazon because I respect Amazon.com but from now on I think amazon means nothing for me.I am very upset on this thing.

Unlocked I Phone would not work wirth carrier returned to Buy Mart they received 8/6/12 did'nt receive adjustment to credit card yet 8/23/12

My dear friend has been agreed to be with original box and original charger and I did not find Box nor original ChargerPlease advise and tell me where the imbalanceNote that the goods have been shipped outside the U.S.Thanks

When I was looking at this phone online it was says that this is iPhone 3GS but I received an iPhone 3G which I don't like

i pay for the item but i never got it and it never show up on the order tracking history and they still toke the money out og my account amazon please help me get my money back pleasee.

phone was damaged so bad it could not be used  i was blamed for the damage  it was not unlocked as promised  either  i was refused a refund

I purchsed this phone because I wanted to see what it was like in the &#34;iPhone&#34; world.  Well, let's just say I learned my lesson and I've came to the conclusion that I'd rather have a good ole' Samsung.  The phone was NOT unlocked when I got it, I had to pay to have a guy at an authorized dealer unlock it for me.  When he unlocked the phone my contacts and my photos disappeared.  He really unlocked it_@ this point I had to start from scratch as if the phone was brand new.  After speaking with 2 people at TMobile about operating iTunes, I went to download my apps (some of which I pay monthly for) I was informed that my iPhone 3 was not compatible.  So at this point, I've put out more money than I anticipated, including the apps that I pay monthly for, and I can't do anything but talk and text.  Even picture messaging takes forever and I have to ask for a wifi password everything I go.  This was devastating because I really didn't want to request a refund simply because the seller was nice.  I advise anyone who's planning to purchase an iPhone 3, DON'T.  Just take a step up and spend a little more to get a newer model to prevent yourself from going through what I'm going through.  Everything was good when I purchased the phone, I even received the phone in a timely mannerut as soon as I placed my SIM into the device, it was downhill from there.  It's just a huge inconvenience.  I'm so sad.

I ordered an Apple Iphone 3GS ( condition: new, Unlocked) from amazon  Sold by Spectre Computers LTD (wecellstuff) paying 245 USD  and shipped it to my brother in India. When he operated the phone it was not working for any Indian mobile carrier. On calling Apple customer care we came to know that the phone is a 3 year old phone registered to Orange mobile carrier in USA...the supplier in the US has refurbished it and jailbroken it to suit american carriers.We are utterly disppointed and shocked about this breach of trust and values on the part of the seller to have cheated us claiming that it a new , unlocked phone. I checked that seller's credentials before ordering and he seemed to have a 4* rating. May be it is a self rating given by the seller to fool the consumers. Beware of such cheats !

First time the phone does not opened.... upon return ...  the phone loses network frequently .....?These phones are not factory unlocked iPhones hence you will never be able to use latest iOS. upon request they will send some not standard way of jailbreaking which does not work .... Loss of money .....

I have purchased the iphone 3 in October 26, 2012 but this phone is not working from almost 6 months just i kept a side where my all data vansh and seeing fatoryrsetting mandte mssgae unableto take data backup which is very cruical lots of my persona dat is gone feeing so sad where my mistake don tht I am not taken any data fromps 1 year.I woullike to return this phone seller canyou please help me in this regard would be great help.

One of the iphones is not working I sintonized it with itunes and now is blocked. the others do not work well. I'm trying to return them but is not easy because I'm in argentina and i don't want to take the risk to stay without phones and no money. I'm really desapointed  with this order!! I want my money back, I feel swindled.

the phone has not come and say who sent him there was nobody to receive it, but because it had a hotel and there is always someone at reception

Ok when i got this it was in great condition. and it looked like it was barely used. but then as i was using it i realized that the silence/loud switch doesnt work, and neither does the location service, which made it really hard to get directions and i really needed that. but however it was very fast, there was no problem with the usb port or headphone jack, but it dropped a lot of calls. so i'm giving it a generous 3 stars but i wouldn't recommend it to others.

For a purchase from the Buying CompanyGood points:- The product matched the description, Black iPhone 3Gs 16gb, unlocked, with earphones, power adapter and USB cable.- Good price,- It was nice of the seller to throw in a charger adapter, a USB cable, and new earphones (although not apple earphones but copies, without the answer button).Bad points and reasons for 3 stars only:- Most importantly, the "expedited 1-3 day" shipping is sort of a joke. I received my iPhone 7 days after ordering it (including a weekend). It was sent by road and feels like it is not worth more than the cheaper regular shipping. "1-3 day" sounds like a lie, expecially since the box said "UPS 3-day shipping", so no chance to blessed with a 1-day delivery. The reason I am picky on this is because I bought this to recover from a broken phone and was without a phone during the time of delivery, making me very impatient when (1) the phone was not sent on a Saturday when I ordered on a Friday, and (2) I could track the phone slowly making its way from Dallas TX to Washington DC), from Monday to Thursday.- The iPhone was supposed to be "used-very good" but it had some features that didn't quite match that standard. Most importantly, the mute button on the iPhone, known to get defective after some time was already broken when I received the phone. Other than that, the phone looks goods with very few scratches (the back side of the power entry, another recurrent defect, is not crack, which is good).- The iPhone was not restored when I received it. It had the Cydia app on it, meaning it is jailbroken, which is not something I expected, nor something I think a sold iPhone should have (although legal now).

i bought this phone by mistake but it was good and nice i sold it fo my friend he liked it

Phone was broken in three places. I took it to an expert who told me I was ripped off. They could not even activate it because it was so internally damaged! Buyers beware!!

Really loved the use I got out of this phone while I had it for 3 months. Was a go between before getting my current Samsung Galaxy S II phone. Good little phone.

i won this item on an auction for 4 bucks and now its saying that i cant get it because they are out of stock. i know im supposed to get my money back but now my son is very disappointed. and when they send you a sight to explain all i get is more iphones for 130 bucks and up. i cant afford that not with this aconomy right now.

Ir always freezes and.never.worked  bad article and is too sloowe. Never works good. Always trying turning ir.up and never comes ok without freezing ir stocking
