
El Palm Treo Pro es un excelente celular, para mi es una computadora personal de bolsillo, lo que necesitaba, ya que tengo que salir de viaje constantemente por mi trabajo y puedo estar en contacto con la oficina.

I have been a Palm OS user for years, and I finally decided to switch to windows mobile given the beautiful design of the Treo Pro.The phone itself is great and I have no complaints, it is true that the back cover is a little hard to open, the first time, I'm a 7 month pregnant woman and have no problem opening it, once you follow the instructions in the manual and learn the trick it`s fairly easy. The wifi is fast, the design is great, many people complain about the small keyboard, but I find it perfect, maybe my nails and slim fingers help, but I really have no complaints, it is a phone not a keyboard after all.Windows mobile on the other hand, has it`s advantages but in my opinion is way too slow, I`m an engineer used to speed and efficiency and I really miss the fast performance of Palm OS, besides, it takes to many steps to do something you could easily perform in a couple of clicks before.It's taking my mind more time to create the habits to perform basic activities, since they take so many steps, to send a message used to take me 30 seconds, and now 60 or 90, I know 30 seconds may not be much, but it is double what it used to take me, and frankly to much for me.It has given me some small glitches like no rings for a couple of hours, and I have to soft reset it to get the sound back, but nothing major or frequent.If you get the SPB mobile shell software you will miss the palm os less, and get more productivity, this program is definitely a must.I strongly recommend to see the reviews in treonauts to choose software and freeware such as skype, skyfire, opera, etc to enhance the experience.I'm happy with the phone, but I surely wish it was a new version of palm os instead of Winmo.

I've been using windows mobile phones for the last four years, for work related purposes. When my HTC Excalibur flaked out on me last month, I checked around and waited for this to come out. I've been using it for a few days, but so far I'm extremely happy with the experience.The touchscreen/thumb keyboard combo with no sliding bits or bulky moving parts was the selling point for me. I use email and IM on my phones constantly, it's important that it works and is usable. I'm happy to report that this phone does it well. The built in GPS works (ships with Google Maps loaded, but I generally prefer the Live Search application for Windows Mobile). The touch screen generally improves over the basic smartphone experience, as being able to click a link with the stylus is much nicer than navigating with buttons.As speed and memory goes, so far they've been ample, and it's noticeably snappier than other devices I've used recently. I'm planning to use a MicroSD card to get a bit more space, but I do that with every phone. The camera is decent, but nothing spectacular. I do like the camera software on this phone better than the software on the HTC phones.Very minor features I do like:- Time on screen when the backlight is off.- Hardware switch to silent mode- My Treo link to mobile-friendly information about the device in the start menu- And of course, comes GSM unlocked. No carriers loading or unloading software before you get the device, things work like a charm out of the box.Very minor annoyances:- Everything else uses mini USB to charge, it would have been nice if Palm did too. This uses a proprietary end on a USB cable.- It's glossy, and black, but also very smooth. At times feels very slippery, and opening the case to get to the battery can be a pain.- Camera button is not as responsive as I'd like for starting the camera app. Seems fine for taking pictures.Overall, very high marks :)

excelent Price for the this phonemaybe the keys are very Little, but is simply the usethe touch+keys are good idea...

I have been using this phone now for quite awhile.  To say it's not a capable phone, much less a PDA, camera or anything else would be an understatement.  I don't know how much the other reviewers are getting paid to shill for Palm, but nobody can pay me enough to whitewash how profoundly horrible this phone is.  It's severely underpowered and does not adequately perform.  If you use a hands free headset (which is very important because this phone puts out more RF radiation than almost every other phone on the market and if there is any evidence cell phones cause tumors, it will be this line), it still doesn't work half the time.  I have used at least five versions of the Palm series of phones, mainly because I have a need to use certain Palm-based applications, otherwise I would not subject myself to this form of punishment.I cannot tell you how many times I've had my home phone forwarded to my cell and heard the tell-tale ring of my home phone indicating a call was to be forwarded to my cell, only to never have it ring.  This phone's reception, it's functionality, it's performance and everything is substandard.  Just say no.

I love my new Treo Pro. I have been using it for about 2 weeks and already plan to hold on to it for the long haul. Little, history, I have had the Origional Treo, 200, 600,  and 650. This is the best of them all.  I swtiched two windows mobile 2 years ago because... well the PALM OS is dead in my book. That aside, I really missed the treo. I think palm gets how to build a nice device.Keyboard: Works great. I find for a thumb keyboard and now with some experience I can fly with it. Personally, I love the thumb keyboard. Perfect for one handed operation with little compromise.Thin: This thing fits very nicely into the pocket and the screen guard is excellent. I dont even know I have it with me and I never accidently Dial anyone. It fits in the hand wonderfully.Buttons.. Some devices are going away from having so many buttons. However I like the ability to launch frequent programs. The Pro is great at letting you customize. (You have many hardware buttons and some of them can also be configured to have an Option + Hardware button application bound to them)Also, you have hardware button access to volume control and wifi.GPS: Works great. I installed and worked right away.Power: this device is not a power pig. With normal use I get a good run off it. Mind you, I use applications on it all day along and SMS extensively.Camera: I havent used it. Frankly, it doesnt matter how many mega pixels any phone has, it still just a phone camera. Quality is never that good. But it is good enough for those fun quick shots.Dislikes: well, the screen is a standard windows mobile device screen. I was hoping for a new device, especially manufactured by HTC it would have a bit more kick to it. However, its very functional and does what I want. One thing I love is how they built into the keyboard access to the brightness control. This is something all devices should have. Its really hard to increase the brightness if you can read the screen. No problem with the treo.The ALT key on the keyboard allows you to access characters not on the keyboard, including accented letters for various languages. What I dont like is that its a little window that shows up with about 8 characters show and you scroll to see more. Well there are a lot of characters, it would be better if they just filled the screen so you can quickly find the special character you want.Windows Mobile Phone Dialer stinks! This is true in my opinion for any windows mobile device. Its a phone, but you have to navigate often 2 to 3 screens deep just to get a phone number. For example, you start typing someones name and the dialer appears. It instantly starts searching for a name. Great! When you select a name by pressing enter, it pulls up their contact screen. (HUH???) yes, you now get to see more info about them. I just want to DIAL the phone number.  Long story short, for simple dialing its more complicated than it needs to be. Second, the Windows Mobile phone dialer always seems unresponsive and slow. Its a phone... but the phone is slow. it makes no sense. This is not a critisim against the treo, but if this your first Windows Mobile device you will be a bit disappointed with this.My Final gripe is that it uses the Micro USB Cable. I dont know why. All I can say is that about 90% of my small electronic gizmos use Mini usb and now I have a new cable standard to deal with. I am sure there is some value to it, but I dont see it. Yes, the connector is smaller, but the cable is still just as thick and just as long. So why I need a thinner (by maybe a few hair widths) I dont know.If you made it this far, thanks for reading. Click Buy Great device.

Our IT specialist asked me to buy him one; I told him only if i could test it for a week.I bought one for myself the next week; and no regrets so far.

Loved this phone

VERY GOOD!!!! I previously had a Treo 650. In Bermuda everybody is hooked on Blackberries, and I have had soooo many people, including my service provider tell me to get rid of my Treo because they are bad news.... I stuck to my guns and waited for just the right Treo to come out... and I love it..It does take some getting used to but I am very pleased.... I am a bit disappointed in the camera and the battery life, but over all I am glad I waited.Now I am just waiting for more accessories like 2 in 1 headsets, more apps and better cell cases.

It is a very good phone that includes palm versatility at an affordable price. I received it on time in perfect condition and works really well.

I am a surgeon that used the windows pda for reference.  I also have handbase databases for billing.  My three year old dell was becoming unreliable.  i purchased this phone with trepidation as my girlfriend had lots of problems with her treo.  I have been pleasantly surprised.  I tried the Nokia E71.  Voice quality was poor and often I had to use  a different phone as reception was too poor.  Their was a lot of other problems with the Nokia and I was surprised how much the phone sucked as the reviews were quite impressive for the phone.  I tried contacting Amazon to return the phone but they didn't get back to me and I missed the 30 day deadline.The Treo Pro was a pleasant surprise.  Great sound quality- it actually works well as a phone.  Voice recognition works great- much better than the Nokia- which was useless. Speakerphone works great and quality is same. WM 6.1 is a nice system.  Have really liked it so far. The only thing screwy is Tasks.  I won't show just active tasks.  It also shows future tasks which really makes it useless if you want something to pop up in a month to remind you to give the heartworm to the dog. WM 5.0 did it right.  Why they went backwards on this is beyond me.  I guess it IS windows. Thankfully,  buy a third party application and its fixed.Screen is nice and readable for the size.  I like the keyboard on the Nokia better, but this one is still ok plus i can use a stylus if I get tired of typing.It works well with 3G.  Seems almost as fast as my dsl at home.  Can plug the phone into my computer and use it as a wireless modem.  The camera does not have a flash and is not as many MP as the Nokia, but the picture is actually better.The phone is very intuitive.  I wanted a phone and  pda combo that was reliable and this is it.Thought about an iphone.  But this keyboard is easier to enter data than the screen on the iphone and I can do more with it.  I might get an ipod touch for the apps and music but for a phone, this is more useful.  At least for me.Battery life 2 days.  I charge nightly.  I am not a heavy user of internet at work.  I have it set up to conserve battery life. I keep a sync cable in my bag and can charge it with any usb port (nice).  This phone has been a useful tool and I am really liking it.Cons.  hard to read pdf articles on the phone.  The screen is small but this is not a con, it is jsut the way it is- can't have a giant screen on a compact phone.  That said- NICE resolution on the screen.  keyboard not as nice as nokia (that is the only thing better on the nokia).  that is about it.I am keeping this one.

Excellent gadget with all of today's and some of tomorrow's features included in a friendly package.Battery life has reduced a bit compared to older Palm Treo versions, but this still ranks very high compared to other smart phone batteries.Commendable delivery from Amazon.

I work over seas with the Military and I need a fairly decent smart phone to assist in my duties but nothing fancy! I found this and I love it. It arrived to my APO in under 15 days which was amazingly fast. The only drawback was after charging, turning on it was hard wired to Spanish that made me sad. I ordered another and its in English and now I'm happy! Buy a phone from these guys, they will treat you right!

Es un muy buen smart phone. C&oacute;modo para usar, buena interfase, muy buenos los comandos y botones de acceso r&aacute;pido. Buena y r&aacute;pida respuesta. Muy bueno el Windows Mobile. Algo peque&ntilde;o el teclado qwerty. Tal vez mejorar&iacute;a con un teclado alfanum&eacute;rico com&uacute;n. Y esta es una de las principales contras: no es tan c&oacute;modo para usarlo como tel&eacute;fono. Resulta dif&iacute;cil de usar para hacer una simple llamada o un simple SMS. Perfecto como agenda o para sofisticadas funciones de correo y uso corporativo.Contras: MUY POBRE EN INSTRUCCIONES DE USO!!!.NO HAY M&Aacute;S REMEDIO QUE "INVESTIGAR" TODO, PORQUE DE "MANUAL" TRAE SOLO UNA HOJITA DE PAPEL M&Iacute;NIMO. Todav&iacute;a no s&eacute; cu&aacute;ntas cosas a&uacute;n no me he enterado que es posible hacer con esta maravila tecnol&oacute;gica, justamente porque no tengo un simple manual.Otra importante. A&uacute;n no logro hacer andar el GPS. No trae instrucciones, (noi siquiera en la hojita de manual aparece mencionado) y tampoco aplicaciones para usarlo, m&aacute;s que GoogleMaps. Muy buena. Pero solo &uacute;til si uno est&aacute; sentado en una zona WiFi. Y el GPS, &iexcl;es para la calle o la ruta! No me explico qu&eacute; pens&oacute; la gente de Palm cuando dise&ntilde;&oacute; esta parte!

All in all, it does what it's supposed to, but it has to be recharged every night, and even then will not always last the next day. Part of this might be due to the fact that we are in a low signal area, and the battery is being stressed trying to get a signal.

I received the phone and it works.  The problems is because is a gift and the person doesn't know  english.  Now I know but not before that this Palm come with  english and french  not spanish.  I've been looking if is possible to change the idiom, but is not.  Big problem for me.

To be a windows phone is a good phone.Easy to use and with good functionality.The screen is small so for a smart phone is getting behind now.

Have all that you need for out office work, great phone. Only miss front camera for video calls

First of all, I want to give this phone 5 stars, but for the problem described on the title, I gave it only 1. I did a research in forums, install a piece of paper between the battery and the body of the cel phone, I bought a new battery, I searched others ROMs, etc. The problem is on the phone. Then, I thought that the problem could be related to one phone, this particular phone, so I decided to buy another one, to give it a try. So, delivery is scheduled next week. If problem persist, then is related to the production itself.Edit April 26, 2010.Well, I solved the problem. The thing is I have to choose manually the band to work with. So, in "select your network type", I choose GSM, and in "Select your GSM/UMTS band", I choose the appropiated with my SIM card. In that way, works without a glitch.Still, there is a problem that I didn't mentioned. It is unable to connect to a hidden network, even if I tick the "connect to a hidden network".I wish I could change the rating and give this phone 5 stars. I think I started with the wrong foot.

Pros: Design, phone/speaker phone volume, Windows Mobile 6.1 Pro, Standby Battery Life, Screen Saver clock, silent switchCons: Battery life for my real world usage (emails checked every 15 mins., talk about 1 hour a day, 3G web browsing, Stuck in vibrate mode often - after using the switch to switch back to ringing mode, bluetooth stereo transfer problems (have to repair with the Jabra speaker bluetooth everytime to get streo music transferred, otherwise plays on the Treo loudspeaker), gets slow as time passes for some reason (the beachball keeps spinning longer opening the same programs).

The Palm Treo breaks.  Then the replacement (refurbished unit) breaks, and then the second replacement unit (refurbished) breaks.  The overall design is good, but the manufacturing appears to be lacking.

I bought this treo after my phone and PDA died almost simultaneously. I had avoided a treo mainly due to the smaller screen compared to my Palm Tungsten but needed a device with a keyboard and wasn't interested in RIM products.I initially bought an iPhone but gave it to my wife due to  1. Poor phone functionality 2. Crippled sms (message forwarding, MMS, file attachment; Apple?) , crippled Bluetooth and lack of a hard keyboard.I was initially wary of buying  a windows mobile device due to prior poor experience with pocket pc software. I have been pleasantly surprised by this device.1. Speed-very fast overall, the only slowdowns I experience is with notes for some reason. I've accumulated 100's of them over the yrs but this is no excuse as my 7 yr old palm could speed through them2. Call quality is crystal clear much better than the iPhone's in my area.3. Bluetooth-this phone is compatible with Audi's car kit and the voice quality is stellar. Palm's site states it does not download contacts to the car but it did download some of them in my case. All the BT protocols of a 21st century device are supported unlike the iPhone's 20th century implementation.4. "Proper" GPs-not that iphone wannabe gps. Quick signal locks and 1 month free trial of TeleNav turn-by-turn is nice. I've heard TomTom's software works pretty well with this device.5.Battery life is so so, with email downloading in the background it will last about 2 business days. With a lot of websurfing it will barely last the day. I would say it's better than the iphone, not by much though.6. Touchscreen-finger friendly, I only use my stylus to write ink notes or use Epocrates.WM 6.1 although it looks ugly compared to the iPhone OS, is a true multitasking OS, actually feels like a portable computer. I can wait for a satellite lock loading, go to another program and return  back to the GPS as it finishes.7. Form factor- love the size,  overall dimensions are nice and its quite thin, great job on the design. Keyboard key material is fine for me a Treo newbie.Overall this phone is a keeper, the combination of hard keyboard and touchscreen is great, while the addition of some apps (SPB, skyfire, kinomaplay to name a few) make it a truly superb device.

I'll rank the phone pretty highly, but not Palm. After purchasing a phone at full price as a "die-hard palm user" you would expect a bit more from Palm. Don't expect it. My phone developed a connectivity problem with windows after six months. Two plus hours of support chat, phone support resulted in the conclusion that the device was malfunctioning. I can send my phone in for free repair (and do without for three weeks), or I can pay $40 and get a replacement with a day or two. Thanks Palm! That's really no choice at all.  I spent two hours with tech support and have a warranty that still requires me to pay. For that reason alone I'd be cautious with Palm. I'll be switching myself shortly.

I got this phone from a friend because my Samsung Rant died on me. It's not a bad phone, I like the fact that you can use Wi-Fi, certain apps, and it's like Windows on your computer. The downside is the battery power on it is horrible, I have to charge it twice a day. Also, it freezes on me a lot so I constantly have to take the battery out to restart it. Sometimes it sends old text messages randomly to people so it's kind of odd. I'm glad I got it for free because I'd be upset if I spent money on this low grade Blackberry.

I am a smartphone junkie, having been through 8 in the last 3 years.  This is my favorite.  I love the style, the simplicity, and having everything that I loved about the other ones all combined in this wonderful phone.  The only advice I would give regarding this phone is that a grip skin is not optional.  This sucker is like a bar of soap when you first get it and is a little hard to hold onto.  But, I got a skin for 99 cents here on Amazon, and have 0 issues now.

I bought the Treo Pro a few months ago as an upgrade for my Treo 750. The first thing I noticed was the extremely nice packaging. Very good first impression, Palm! The phone has held up very well over the past few months. I've dropped it several times and it doesn't seem to be any the worse for a trip down the stairs, which is quite nice. Cases are also pretty easy to get and as a bonus, most iPhone cases fit the Treo Pro.Cons:+ The back cover is extremely difficult to get off the first time. The instructions in the manual are absolutely useless and I have never been able to get the back cover off using them and actually gave myself a blister trying to the first time. (What works the best is to hold the device face down in your left hand and to place your right hand on the back in such a way that the tips of your fingers rest on the Palm logo, then simply slide your right hand up. The cover comes right off.)+ The keys on the QWERTY keyboard are flat and not curved like on the 750, making it extremely easy to typo. It took me about a week to get used to this, but I still prefer the 750 keyboard.+ There seems to be a bug with the camera where it performs randomly and abysmally in low light situations. There is also no flash, which is expected, but a bummer.Meh:+ Battery life is pretty average and pretty much the same as the 750.Pros:+ Very easy to set up, I just put my SIM in and everything worked. I had no problems with making/receiving calls, checking voicemail, sending/receiving SMS/MMS messages, or accessing the cellular network on EDGE or 3G.+ The screensaver is AWESOME. I love, love, love how I can check to see what time and date it is simply by looking at my phone. I don't have to turn the screen on at all.+ Windows Mobile 6.1 is a great improvement over WM6. I enjoy Windows Mobile in general, as it is easy to customize, compatible with thousands of programs, and comes with Microsoft Voice Command.+ MicroUSB charger. No more proprietary Palm doohickey! Yay!+ Headphone jack is a standard headphone jack as well. This is super nice.+ GPS is quite accurate. I purchased Garmin Mobile XT from Palm and haven't had any problems aside from the rare program freeze or crash. In most cases, my location was determined and a route set within a few minutes. Definitely a great feature, I wish the 750 had built-in GPS.+ Bluetooth works great. I had no trouble pairing this device with my EeePC or in using ActiveSync over BT.Overall, I'm quite fond of my Treo Pro and I am very happy with it as a replacement for my 750. I almost never use my 750 at this point as it just seems clunky and outdated in comparison. I do kind of miss the keyboard, though. Especially after the sixth time of accidentally typing 'yourt' or 'twittre'.Edit: I ended up using this phone for two+ years. I was very fond of it, but Windows Mobile is frankly no longer a usable OS. I upgraded to the HTC Vivid, which I am very happy with. But how did the Treo look and act after over two years of constant use? The Treo Pro middle button paint (the silver circle) had almost completely worn off, the glue holding the plastic cover around the middle button (over the four surrounding buttons) was starting to come off and peel away, I had dropped it about eight million times (cracks and chips all over the sides, scratches on the back, but little front damage), the L in the PALM logo on the back had come off, and there is dog hair permanently embedded in the phone. I have to say I do still prefer the 750 keyboard. About a year in, the phone overheated and/or crashed if I asked it to do anything interesting (like...run any app). At the time I upgraded, the battery life was extremely poor. If I made a phone call, the battery would pretty much die immediately. It would last about three hours of use otherwise, assuming wifi, GPS, and BT were turned off.

I have the unlocked Treo Pro.  Great little phone. Good size and feel in your hand.  I purchased a great cover and that protects the phone even if it is dropped, so I haven't had the problem with a cracked case.  Good GPS, good volume and like the quick start screen, calendar, and inbox quick buttons.I had a Treo 750 for three years and looooved it (windows 5.0).  I find the print on the screen is smaller than the 750 (although the screen is slightly larger) and that has been challenging. I am not a great fan of windows 6.1. I find that it now takes you to several screens to do small tasks (dialing a number from contacts, checking text messages, checking emails). And why did they take the emoticons (smiley faces) off the text messages?? ughh...how boring is that!!! :-0Overall, I like the phone. My Treo 750 died and I was forced to upgrade. Apps have been easy to download and I guess I would purchase again...

The Palm Treo works very well. I was able to install the sim card from my old phone into the Treo quickly, and after a full charge, had it operating in no time. Since it is a different operating system than other phones, it took me a couple of days to get familiar with all of it's functions, but now I am using all of the abilities of the phone, and I really like it.

I bought this device to replace my old treo 650, and despite the difference in functionallity, I think once you understand how it works, it is a really good option for organizing and for your communications needs (emails, internet & phone) I am really pleased with the solutions provided by this phone.

I bought it because of the Wi-Fi.  Damn it though it's too much like the rest of the "Gates" Windows junk.  Not very easy to learn compared to the Treo 680 I've been using for years.  Not user friendly.....I wish Palm still used it's "Palm" OS ---- Windows Mobile is for the birds.

A half-decent phone if you're looking to make calls and do very little navegation. Didn't take too long for the touch screen to stop working rendering my text sending useless as well as making any changes to the alarm. Freezes up every now and then which prevents even answering a call. This is fixed by a re-start only. I regret this purchase.

Am still learning how to use it.  Many features, all good..  Hard to find understandable instruction/.  Should resume production At original price.

Absolutely a horrible option for a phone!  If you want to spend this type of money buy a Blackberry Palm is worthless!

The promoted performance of this 'phone has been prejudiced by what is evidently a defective battery with which it was supplied. It requires recharging every two to three hours each day with the minimal amount of phone usage only.I have avoided downloads of internet, music, photos etc. to prevent the need for more frequent recharges. The instrument holds an unusually high tempreture at all times. I wonder if a replacement battery will solve the problem and reduce the heat factor.Needless to say, I'm most disappointed with the purchase. What can you do to remedy the situation?Sincerely,Patrick L. Taylor Tel #1-330-238-4547

OK, I'm writing this one more time, and if you delete it again, I will spread my comments all over the internet about OEM and Amazon together!I purchased Treo Pro couple of weeks ago and it came with a blue spot in the middle of the screen which annoys me every moment I turn it on. So this is my first complaint on Amazon after so many years shopping here and I have owned nearly every model of products from Palm, I never had such screen issue before.So I warn anyone considering to buy anything from OEM Shop to look elsewhere!

Everything went according to plan and my Palm Treo Pro is working  just fine.Good work Amazon.com

Surely a mobile to keep informed, versatile, and with only the limited functionality that the user is perfect for business.

I was switched from a Blackberry to the Palm Treo Pro by my organization, so I'm a pretty captive audience.  Two weeks in, I'm on my third one (replaced twice).  The inconsistency in quality is very frustrating.  I suspect that many of the issues are Windows Mobile, but I have to rate the entire package - they don't offer it with anything else.Pros:- Form factor is nice.- WiFi works well (but drains battery).Cons:- Battery life - will not last longer than a day if you do anything with the phone.- Quality - As I said, I'm on my third one.  Different problems each time.- Finish - shiny black should look cool, but it picks up fingerprints, dirt, etc and looks like you ate lunch off of it after 15 minutes.  (can't blame this just on me - 50 other people using this model have the same result).  I purchased a case that reduced this.- Windows Mobile - It is beyond me that this still is still being released as a phone os.  I used it 4 years ago and it was very painful.  I mistakenly hoped that 4 years of customer feedback and testing would have improved it.  Nothing has changed!- Now power off or soft reset - I have to remove my batter once a day to reset the phone back to working condition.Annoyances:When you're on a call the "text message", "missed call" and "voice mail" notifications go off at full volume in your ear.  Ouch.Windows Mobile "ok" key is sometimes "ok" and sometimes "cancel" and sometimes "save" and it's not really obvious.You cannot reprogram many of the external buttons by default (I'm not sure if a third party app will do it).  Other windows mobile phones have a key for voice dialing, or allow you to hold down the Send key to activate it.  This one has not such key, and you can't program the Send+Hold, or the Camera or the WiFi keys, so no obvious solution there.History:The first phone I got wouldn't hang up.  Not with the End button, not with the soft button, nothing!  I had to take out the battery to hang up.The second one started "losing" contacts randomly, even though the Phone History would still have information showing.  Eventually the phone froze up.  After removing the battery, the phone radio was out, so I could no longer place calls.  (I couldn't open Contacts or other things).  Could be windows mobile memory corruption. I had to remove my Blackberry battery twice in two years.  I've done it 18 times with this phone in two weeks.  And even that won't fix the problems.The third phone I now have is having random software issues.  Setting will not stay and it will not allow me to install any software.  It says things install (simple things like a ebook reader), but they don't show up (but memory has been taken up).Boy, oh boy... I miss the Blackberry (8830) trackball.  That's the only way to navigate!!

I have been loving Palm all the way from legendary handhelds to Treos. However, this is only half a Palm at best. Hardware is nice but Palm's simplicity, user-friendliness and speed got lost due to Windows Mobile. WM 6.1 is slow on this device, I hate the waiting wheel. I have to do resets regularly, sometimes Skype crashes, sometimes TomTom. Seriously considering leaving Palm towards an iphone.

This is my first smart phone, and I like it.  The model year is fall 2008, and it starts to be discontinued during first quarter 2010.  The phone is heavily discounted right now - mainly it is yesterday technologies.  I got mine two months ago for $180 (not knowing they are discounted), and since had added a 8 GB class-6 micro SD card for $21.To keep this review short, I'm just going to talk about the facts and try to keep my opinions to minimum.1.) Battery life is one day for heavy user like me.  I check my email every 15 minutes, write short email, read news on internet, talk on the phone, use Google map to see traffic update, take pictures and upload to Facebook.  I turn on Wi-fi, bluetooth, and data connection all day.  By the end of the day, the battery is all drained.  If I talk more on the phone during the day, the battery will not last all day.  So be aware, if you are a heavy user like me.2.) It took me some time to setup the phone to get T-mobile $10 data plan.  I enjoyed playing and finding solutions like downloading contacts to the phone without using the MS outlook.  In the process, I found out how much I hate Microsoft (it sucks!) and how much I love Google (free stuff works).  Even if you don't use a data plan, the Wi-fi connection works flawlessly, in 5 minutes after I opening box and turned on the phone.  Be warned, I was frustrated at first because I can't get the $10 data plan works.  But now, I'm happy that the $10 plan works, and I hope it will continue.3.) I learned the GPS does not work if you don't have a data plan.  Maybe there is a way to get around, but I do not see a solution on the internet. The Google map still works w/o a data plan, but you just don't have the GPS tracking.4.) The camera, in my opinion, is a shortfall.  Picture quality is gainly, zoom is weak, shutter capture speed is slow, the picture and photo software is crummy, not user friendly.  I like my 10 mp Panasonic camera much better.5.)This is my first query keyboard, and it does not bother me that it is plastic.  I guess I'm learning to use the query keyboard, and I bet I'm also spelling the word query wrong.  Who's care, no body read this.I still like this phone despite these shortfalls.  The phone is built solid.  I dropped it twice (already) on cement floor, and it still works.  Call quality is good, but most important, it helps me get up to speed on mobile phone technology.  Now, I'm excited about the Google phone, and I'm also following Windows Phone 7 development.  FYI, Microsoft is changing the mobile operating platform from "Window Mobile" to "Windows Phone". Microsoft has much to do in order to catch up Iphone and Google.  That's all.  Thanks for reading.

I ordered this smartphone (for me it is a PDA which happens to also have a phone) without seeing it, based on the specs, because it offered what I needed. I now have it, and it is perfect. The same ease of Palm PDA, but a smaller, sleeker, easier-to-carry device. I needed an all-in-one gadget. That's what I got. I am a big fan of Palm OS, which was the only fear I had about this purchase. The change to Windows Mobile was fine, and WiFi downloading direct to the phone means no second step of syncing to get programs, books, etc. onto the phone.

I got this phone a month ago, and It works well for me.The best feature of this phone that I like is that shows you the time, date and any missed calls as a "Screen saver", without having to unlock the phone.The one disadvantage is that the screen size is a little small, and many a times you need to use the Stylus to accurately click.

after several weeks of researching, comparing, & then waiting for its release, i was very pleased to purchase the Palm Treo Pro. this was my first smartphone & i wanted something that fit well in my hand & also had a lot of practical features. i think that i got both in the Palm Treo Pro.design: it's design is very (dare i say it) fashion forward. unlike previous Treo's, its got a much slimmer profile & fits very well in either a pants or shirt pocket. i like the qwerty keyboard & the directional "palm" key works really well for moving from one field to another. i also really like that i can use the keyboard, the stylus, or even my fingertips to use the different programs & features of the device.setup: the setup process was actually not bad at all. once i inserted my SIM card, the phone recognized the settings of my current service provider & integrated all of the network settings seamlessly w/o any issues. it comes with a decent amount of memory on the phone when you purchase it & can be upgraded to as much as 32GB of memory using micro SD.i have found only one issue thus far. after using the device for around 3 wks i'v already broken a stylus. the styli are mostly metal with a plastic head & tip. the connection between the plastic head & metal stylus is the only thing i would suggest Palm redesigns.  otherwise, i LOVE the device..

I have been a very loyal palm treo user for years.  So I was really excited when I first heard about the Treo Pro.  Pre-ordered it.  When it arrived, I could not get the back cover off.  Asked my big strong husband.  Asked my big strong kids.  No go.  Had to return it.  I hope next version puts some skids on the back cover to solve this problem.  Oh well. I'm now waiting for the Blackberry Storm to come out.

If you're reading this, you're probably mulling over whether to get a new business phone or not.Apple have the consumer market cornered, and while you can make phone calls from both, the similarity ends there.You need a business device, something that can reliably work with your Windows world.  Why then go with Blackberry?  This phone has it all!This phone is awesome.  Thanks to the keyboard there are plenty of shortcuts to work your way around Windows Mobile, so you're never more than a few clicks away from what you need.  And with third-party extensions that can provide a full re-skin there's plenty of choice if you don't like the default.Windows Mobile needs standardised phones like this - I know because I develop for them - and I can't fault this phone one bit.

I've been trying smartphones for a while. I've had Motorolas, Nokias, Blackberries, HTCs and even other Palms. None of them got me so satisfied as this Pro model.Palm Treo Pro is not the most innovative phone I've had, but also, there's nothing missing there and, the most important, there's nothing that doesn't work well there.You want WiFi ? You got it. Want 3G ? Got it. Want good quality calls ? Got it. The touchscreen isn't innovative as the iPhone or HTC ? No, but it works well. And there's always the good qwerty keyboard. The camera is not the best in th world ? No, but that's why I have a 10 MP camera. 2 MP is fair enough for quick shots.The windows speed is good and much, but much better than the last HTC Touch Dual I had. It's a little bit expensive, but what's the point to pay less for a phone that won't work for you ? So, I think it was a great buy.Just one point Palm could consider to improve: why don't they use a regular mini USB port for the phone ? Using a propietary port means you must buy all cables from them, what makes more difficult to find, especially in Brazil (where I live).So, if you are not into being a pioneer on smartphone technology, here is the right one for you. It's not so cool as the iPhone, but it's much better for real workers and people who need the phone for several activities.

Palm Treo Pro Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MicroSD - U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)I love this phone.  I upgraded from a Treo 750 and the Pro is faster, has a much better screen and keyboard and adds several functions such as GPS and wifi.  My only complaint is the finish which is glossy and slick.  The old matte rubber finish was much better to hold on to.

This is the best business tool and has excellent media capabilities as well. Far better than the Nokia E61i, HTC Tilt and iPhone.

I am not a fan of windows, neither desktop, nor mobile. However, I purchased this phone cause of windows, unfortunately I need the push mail from exchange and the Windows communicator mobile.The phone is great, the size the look, the qwerty, on the hardware part I love the phone. However, windows mobile is as sucky as the desktop version. I purchased this phone a few weeks ago and have been using seriously for the last two, I have had to reset the software at least 5 times, yuck!!!!This phone I purchased got stolen from my car yesterday, so I don't know if it is good or bad, actually what I only regret is the $300 I spent.PS. Does anybody know where to report the IMEI so it cannot be used in any carrier?

I upgraded from Cingular 8525 w/slide out keypad. really thick and bulky. The Treo Pro is slim. I traded bulk for smaller screen and front keypad. Treo Pro is much quicker with same speed processor. I still have stylus and data input which is great. Touch screen is much more responsive, so I can makes calls with fingers on virtual phone pad. Wi-Fi is better. I'm using with AT&T, so have $15 per month date plan. Internet browser works great. Best win 6.1 phone I've tried. I'm business user, so camera, multimedia don't matter. Treo Pro was also a tested phone for Redfly data terminal so now I can use Treo and Redfly instead of laptop, and do that for much less than HTC Advantage. Thanks Palm.

I upgrade from Treo Centro to Treo Pro. On the start is a little bit trick becaus changes from PalmOS to Windows but since you used you are goingo to love.

I guess I'm lucky that I get a free phone from work and don't have to pay for service.But this phone is hands-down the worst I've ever used.-For starters, my service is through Sprint, the "Not Right Now" network.-It's a pretty phone, but the shiny case and face show every finger and face print.  It's also slippery, so watch out when you get it out of your pocket, and forget trying to cradle it against your shoulder.-There are no profiles.  Only a switch to turn the audible alerts on an off.  You have to assign every event (and there are a pile of them) a sound or vibration.-You can't power the phone down, only turn the service off (airline mode).-If you're on a call and receive another call or text, the alerts are full-volume in your ear.  You cannot disable this.-If you receive a call you don't want to take, you hit the "ignore" button.  3 seconds later, you then have to hit the "dismiss" button when the phone tells you you have a missed call.  This cannot be disabled.-In nearly a year of service, I have yet to get more than 24 hours of battery life.  I have literally had days where the phone has sat on my dresser for 18 hours and completely discharged itself.-Over the course of a typical week, I usually have to pull the battery to reset the phone between 15-20 times.I can't speak about a lot of the phone's features, as they're unavailable most of the time (Sprint's network is horrible as well).About the only positives going for it are the size and shape, and the camera takes surprisingly good pictures.Had I paid for it (or Sprint's non-existent coverage), I'd be really pissed.

I was pleasantly surprised when I got my new Palm Treo Pro in the mail.  I had read all of the reviews listed on Amazon.com, and even watched video reviews on YouTube.Most of the "gripes" that I have read about the device are VERY minor.  The biggest complaint I have is that the exterior is so sleek and shiny, that it picks up fingerprints like crazy.  I am going to take care of the fingerprint problem by getting a silicone case for my Treo Pro.  The sleek/shiny exterior is also the reason that the back is so difficult to remove... HOWEVER, I wanted to offer a tip:  If you use a rubber jar gripper so that you have a good grip, then the back comes off VERY easily.http://www.amazon.com/Maxi-Aids-3-Set-Jar-Openers/dp/B00012K5W0/ref=pd_bbs_1?ie=UTF8&s;=hpc&qid;=1237224322&sr;=8-1In actuality, the back fitting so tightly is a GOOD thing, because it does not allow any space for dust or particles to get down inside of the device.  It also helps the device maintain its sleek, sexy appearance.It is very easy to use, and despite what I read in some of the reviews, I think Windows Mobile 6.1 is a VERY good operating system.  This is the first time I have had a Windows Mobile based device, and I was able to learn to use it very quickly (and I didn't even read the instruction manual, LOL!)...Overall, my impression is that the Palm Treo Pro is the closest thing you can get to a mobile Desktop/PC.  Windows Mobile 6.1 feels just like I am using my PC at home.  I've actually found myself using my laptop less often, because I can just carry the Treo Pro with me!!!The Palm Treo PRO is definitely the BEST business-minded smartphone that I have ever used.

I noticed quite a few happy users in the reviews I read, and some not so happy. I personally hate this phone and the HTC Windows Mobile phone before that. Windows Mobile isn't stable and neither is this phone; I'm on my second one now and I may have to get it replaced as the hardware is acting up. It seems that the messaging application just decides it doesn't want to work. You hit the message selection of your choice, you get the spinning beach ball of death and it never comes back. I pop off the back and reboot the phone. Sometimes it just locks up. No knock on Palm as I have had two before this, but not running Windows Mobile. My advice, stay away from this phone in particular; save yourself the headache. I'm going to go out and get a Blackberry Tour.

I have owned several Palm Treo devices and have always been a fan. I purchased the Treo Pro because it offered everything that the 750w I had been using had, but in a smaller package. After 12 months, I am on my third Treo Pro. I take very good care of my phones, so it is not an issue of abuse. It appears that Palm attempted to strengthen the touchscreen with a more durable plastic so that it wouldn't scratch, but this plastic separates itself from other layers of the screen, causing the touchscreen not to work at all. Unfortunately, you need the touchscreen in order to use the device at all. Beyond that, the device is well designed, but a well designed device that doesn't function is nothing more than a paperweight.Another note: Palm technical support is horrible. Normally, I don't mind because I rarely use technical support. In this case I've used web-based chat, where the support staff knows nothing and barely understands English, and phone-based support, which costs money per call and isn't much more help.At this point, I'm not sure if I'll ever buy another Palm device again.Update: The touchscreen on my third Treo Pro died. That's three Treo Pro phones in 21 months. Now I have an iPhone. I've been using the iPhone for three weeks and can say it is infinitely better. Real web browsing! Easier to navigate! I'm willing to admit my mistakes. Buying a Treo Pro is one of them.

i love my palm treo pro! nearly everything about it. it worth every single penny for my busy life. should have had it long time ago! however, as a Palm z22 user (the very first PDA they had), i miss the graffiti function where i can jot down a note in a hurry. other than that, i am very happy with the smartphone!

I purchased this product through Amazon, they did their job well.I was not pleased with the product.  I am disappointed in Palm.  I've been a loyal palm user for years.  The Treo Pro might have been a good tool with a Palm operating system.  The windows app is not a good fit with the small screen and general function of the unit.  I returned the unit, again Amazon took care of that process well.M.W.

My new Palm Pro works well in and outside of the US.  The best part is that you really only need one hand to operate the device, very helpful when working on the computer.  I like the size,the design, overall look,  the apps I've purchased and the super fast Internet access.  Actice-Sync works extremely well. Well worth the $350 unlocked.

it has a total different operation system from old palmsI prefer using my 10-years old palm torch that i understand it perfectly

I had no problem with the phonesome things could be design betterBut after only 6 months, the touch screen, no longer responded to touchYou could still see screen, but had to use, buttons to navigate.called palm (over the phone techs (idiots))I was told to mail, and it would be 5 to 7 business days to repair.It now has been 12 business days and still not repaired.They keep telling me, that they will put me on the hot list for repair.Now they tell me they dont have the parts, and are waiting on them.To me, it seems that i am getting the run around.The phone is fine, as long as it doesnt need a repair.I paid 479.00 for a piece of ####

Contrary to how it's advertised, this product is not unlocked. Wasted countless hours trying to get it to work.

this phone is great. I really enjoy using the UI... I think is great!Although one bad thing is that it freezes sometimes

I read some bad reviews before purchasing this phone, but after 2 months i have to say is just what i expected.The phone is great, i loaded mobile 6.5 on it , and now is even better.Battery is ok, it runs fine for at least 1 day when in full use.Wifi works great as well.Dont have to be restarted every day, it rarely crashes, nice cam.....My biggest concern was the windows OS installed on it, but after giving it a try, im satisfied with the MSN/Contacts integration it has... actually is the feature i like the mostIn Overall it worths the price, i recommend this phone, and probably is one of the bests you can get for this price.

Hola a todos mis amigos del mundo.Desde hace unos 5 a&ntilde;os he sido un fan&aacute;tico de Palm y de su segmento smartphones TREO, y definitivamente este modelo Treo Pro ha sido la mejor invenci&oacute;n de esta marca. por mucho le lleva por delante al famoso "iPhone" y tambi&eacute;n a los "s&uacute;per ejecutivos" BlackBerry, que para cualqueir ade estos dos casos necesitas tener o una mano mas o dos dedos extras en cada mano.Definitivamente ha sido Treo Pro, mucho mas de lo que esperabamos ls fan&aacute;ticos de su marca. Solo estamos esperando que el software en espa&ntilde;ol salga ya al mundo y seguro mejorar&aacute; en algo el manejo, aunque no es necesario por ahora.Hasta la proxima amigos.

For this Treo veteran -- dating back to when it was still Handspring -- the Treo Pro is good and bad news.Good: Slick, elegant, light, compact, great touchscreen, every bell and whistle modern smartphones should have. Keyboard smaller than previous Treos, but still easy for my large fingers to use. Retains the unique Palm switch to silence ringtones. (I find it a mystery why other cellphones ignore this simple convenience. Of course, switches have only been around since electricity was invented, so they may not have noticed yet). A nit to pick: The stylus has inexplicably moved to the lower-right corner, where it's hard to see and remove. Really stupid. Fortunately, with the good touchscreen, it's not needed much.Bad: Windows Mobile 6.1 is a shock. "Microsoft Modern" -- clumsy, slow, layers and layers of menus, confusing, inscrutable, given to freezes, crashes. Worse than even Blackberry, which is compatible only with itself and almost as clumsy as Windows. Unfortunately, these two are currently the only choices. (Did I mention that I don't care for either?)But Help Is On The Way! Spb Mobile Shell 2.1 is a software user interface that's what Palm would be had they continued the creative energy that produced its original operating system. Mobile Shell is astoundingly capable, flexible, and fun. (Did I mention that I love it?) A 15-day trial of Mobile Shell can be downloaded at handango.com. Purchase is $[...]. This is the greatest value for the dollar since sliced bread. For those who haven't visited handango, they've got lots of other cool Treo software.Summary: The Treo Pro with Spb Mobile Shell 2.1 is a 5-star almost-ideal-smartphone. With Windows Mobile 6.1, I'd be pressed to give it a 3. Wonderful hardware; disasterous software. BUT....(see above)

This WM6.1 Pocket PC is not only very well put together, but it has some extra little features that I have personally been thinking of for years. It has the typical WM6.1 Professional OS and accompanying programs, but there are little settings here and there that make it a little or a lot more handy for some of us veteran WM users who have been observing the slow crawl of advancement that Microsoft has made in updated OS's. And some if not a lot of this may be thanks to the manufacturer (Palm, c/o HTC), but let me give a couple examples.Normally, you have to tap and hold for the context menu of a highlighted item. And if you have an extra program, such as Spb Pocket Plus, you may be able to set a hardware button to do this for you, something handy I've done in the past. But the Treo Pro allows you to press and hold the Palm button (the center select button of the 5-way navigation button), and the context menu comes up. And, even though I relied upon Spb for the Close button, it's nice to see this device (and other HTC devices now) have the Close button option embedded. Another example is you can optionally respond to Ignored calls with an automated text message, something that Spb Phone Suite has if you buy it and install it, but the device comes with this feature preloaded. And there are a few others.Yes, there are a few drawbacks, such as the glossy appearance easily getting fingerprints, and the odd fact that there is no real device-off status apart from removing the battery. The Power button turns the screen off with one press, and turns the phone on or off of flight mode when pressing and holding. To access the Reset button, you have to remove the stylus, and it is accessible right where the head of the stylus rests, WITHOUT having to remove the back battery panel (unlike some have said is necessary to access it).As for the screen, some say it is a little washed out, like too whitish. But two things...first, this has decent battery life even if you turn the screen to full brightness (I have push email and two other email accounts checking email all day, along with text, light Internet browsing, and some phone calling), which makes me have to charge it every night, but I'm used to that. So full brightness is a good option. But MOREOVER, the screen is of a technology such that in the glaring sunlight, it has a special effect where you can read everything still! That is a major plus that I will take any day. And speaking of the screen, some don't like it being flush with the rest of the device, but I like that it is that newer type of screen that is more resilient and scratch resistant, and it is just as touch sensitive as the previous types of touch screens.As far as batteries go, I have an extended life battery (there are 2 types out there I know of), and I can go 2 days on a single charge. (The battery I got has the same gloss and matching appearance, but there's another with a non-gloss battery door...I just wanted my door to match the rest of the phone). Yes, extended batteries make the phone more bulky, so get it if you don't mind that. I personally like the phone a little bigger. It makes it feel more firm and solid to me.Every once in a while, a few of the main function buttons will not work on a Bluetooth phone call, but this has only happened twice to me. Again, I know most handheld devices are a little quirky, so I'll take this any day to the other quirky WM devices I've had with features not quite as good as this one.Hope this review helps...

I have used Palm devices for years (since the first model), and I liked the Palm OS, even developed on it briefly a few years back.  Beyond the phone function, I use my Treo for business.  I don't buy every new model that is released, valuing dependability and familiarity over novelty.  I hesitated before upgrading my old Palm 650 which has been a real workhorse for the last three years, because I have never been a big fan of the Windows Mobile platform.  The choice was between the Palm Treo Pro and an iPhone.  The idea of typing on a touchscreen warned me off of the iPhone, and I like the feel of the Treo Pro keypad, an improvement over the 650 certainly, so I made the right choice in that regard.  The interface issues I had with the out-of-the-box Treo Pro WM have been ameliorated by installation of the SPB suite (thanks to Eimy A. R. Villamil for the tip below).Overall, a solid, sleek, well engineered (aside from the cover removal issue noted by the one-star review, which is more difficult than it should be) unit from which I expect to get several years of service.

This is the best Treo yet for business use, preferable to the new Treo Pre.  It is small and light with a very usable keyboard and Windows Mobile 6.1.  Stable and intuitive, a great product.

I have had this phone for about a month now, and i can say it was a huge disappointment! I bought this phone through Dell and only paid about $270.00, so at the time i thought i was getting a really sweet deal,I should have taken the youtube reviews more serious...I will start with some of the good things first.The design is very nice and professional, things are kinda compact in size, but for what it attempts to do, is built into a very slim package. the phone also feels very high quality and lite.phone calls and speaker were always superb.The camera is neat! it takes very nice pictures, records video, and can even do panoramic pics.The battery life is extremely good for a smart phone.here is where things come crashing down...first, there is no off button, serious. you can turn off the screen, turn off wifi, BT, but you can NOT shut off the phone without taking out the battery, so if some app gets stuck or you need to reset to your network, you will have to take the thing apart to accomplish this. dont believe me? google PALM's answer for not including an off button.second, the wifi support is lousy, I would establish a link to my home wifi and my work wifi connections, only to have to reset them every other week because the phone would forget to use them as default.the media player on it sucks! it will play video, mp3. BUT, i found that trying to listen to music on it, tracks would constantly stutter. and forget about using the stereo bluetooth. I had a really difficult time trying to figure out if the stuttering was caused by the headset or the phone only to discover, for some reason, if you shut off the screen while media player is going, tracks will start stuttering, which basically meant, i had to leave it pluggged in with the screen on to listen to music...the final issue i had, was with email. I would go through the process of setting up a pop email account ('gmail', 'work'). things would look good for a couple of days, or even a week, and then all of a sudden I would get error messages indicating 'sent messages could not be sent' or something similar. the email accounts would completely stop working, and the only way to alleviate the issue i could come across was to delete the accounts on the phone and go through the whole process of setting up the accounts all over again.i'm pretty sure a lot of these issues are caused by the fact that it uses 'win mobile'. that seems to be the popular answer. but i would have liked things to have been tested and worked right out of the box. and not have to be a network admin to set up basic wifi...

IT is a good product and works ok in latin america (este producto es bueno y trabaja bien en latinoamerica)

I have had this phone for not more than 5 moths, Mostly happy with it, besides the sluggishness of it.I have read, prior my purchase, several customers complaining about tiny cracks developing on the front of the phone. I Have been a Palm user for more than ten years so I guessed I could trust Palm to service the phone in case this happened.Well... Palm is a new and different company than what it was... They made me waste an hour on chat, and several calls on the phone, plus they ask for the proof of purchase which I send.After all this (a week of hard work) they told me that they don't think this is a common think (you can check online to see how common it is) and they ask me $200 plus shipping (and more time on the phone) for a repair of this phone that you can now find at less than $350. The guy I was taking about was may be in India, and he refused to let me talk to his supervisor, he finally did which of course didn't help.I Dont recommend a Palm product to anyone, I guess one more Iphone user...I now understand the reason they have lost millions of customers.Please read all the forums before you buy this phone and look for the tiny cracks explained there.Don't trust Palm, I don't anymore.Thank you very much Palm.

I ordered the unlocked Palm Treo Pro for overnight shipment.  It arrived as promised.  A downhill trail from there.1) When I plugged the device into its charger there was no led or other indication that the unit was charging.2) With the unit still plugged into the charger, I pushed the on/off switch.  There was no reaction.3) I simply could not remove the back of the device to insert the SIM.  This is a known issue with this model, but comments by previous reviewers here gave me the impression that the complaint was overblown.  It is not.  With the back of the device facing me, I squeezed the lower right corner of the back to release the catch.  There was no movement, no sound, nothing.  In addition, in order to squeeze the lower right corner of the back, you must - almost of necessity - be squeezing the lower left corner of the keyboard (which is on the front).  This was of concern, as I did not want to ruin the keyboard.4) So I called the phone experts at Amazon. ("Our cell phone experts are here Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. CST and Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. CST to help you choose the right cell phone or accessory. (For assistance with completed orders, dial 1-866-216-1072.)")  The only option offered or - I was told - available was to return the phone.  You could argue that this was assistance.

Excelent phone, I buy it for my husband and works great, and we are not in USA, the only bad thing is that the battery does not last long with all teh fetures involved.

Take this for what its worth, I had been in the market for a smartphone so that I could have the convenience of internet, wifi, outlook and many of the little things that make these little phones essential. I was on a budget and found online an unlocked HP Ipaq model 6900. I read the reviews and some were good and some were bad, needless to say I took a chance and bought this thing. The phone was actually a refurbished phone not by the manufacturer, but by a third party vendor, and I had no way of knowing this since the description was misleading (no, it was not Amazon) I started to use the phone only to realize my worst nightmare, the phone did everything well except make calls when I neede to. I also learned that the battery gauge was always reading wrong from one of the HP forums, and when I thought I had a full charge it was actually half charged and the phone could not work.I have since then learned to live with the mistake I made and use this phone as a really bulky PDA or pocket game playing gadget while in the john. I also found out that Windows mobile 5.0 was not the most robust operating system for a phone, much less this one and provisions to update were not allowed.As time went by I learned that Microsoft had updated their mobile operating system and newer and better phones were hitting the market. I was a bit hesitant to go with any of the newer HP products since they were really expensive and I had such a horible experience with the first phone. I did some research on what windows based phone would be ideal for my situation and when I learned about the Palm Treo Pro I decided to look into it. I wanted to see what it looked like but T mobile nor at&t; had this phone, Sprint did, so I went to one of their stores to check it out and the features as well. I really loved the phone, but I was not able to cancel my plan to go to Sprint, so unlocked was the way to go for me.I received the phone and had read some reviews that T mobile did not work very well with the phone, and that everyone was touting the mighty Iphone. The Iphone has some nice software and it is the rave, but when I installed my sim card into this phone, it was ready to go in just under a minute, it came on read the network ID and autoconfigured itself and worked well. I found out from a friend that the newer phones were having their sim cards replaced with more capacity and better handleing of the data. I went to T mobile and they said that there were some cases of this and agreed to swap out the sim for a new one. At that moment was when the phone woke up and started with crystal clear calls, all data was updated flawlessly from my Outlook account from work, the web pages loaded better and this phone has since been everthing that the Ipaq was not.Like others, my only complaint is on the QWERTY keypad being too small, other than that, hats off to Palm for finally releasing a phone that actually does what its supposed to do, and all the software works without incident, many features like the out of the box self configuration was really helpful, wifi works anyplace there is an open hotspot, the micro SD chip can be installed up to 32GB capacity, it is not a battery hog either; I usually get two full days on a charge when using phone, data, mail push and even GPS.Great phone, if you have a GSM service get it unlocked, if you have no service you may want to try Sprint, and even if you dont sign up with them you can see the phone in action. THIS PHONE IS GREAT!!!!!

windows mobile is exelent but the palm get freeze every two  hours if you talk you can not type notes becouse the phone get freeze It should have a better procesor and more ram memory better buy os operating system palm hardware is not ready for windows mobile

Me parece que el dise&ntilde;o de el telefono es muy comodo, pero el software es un poco lento, ademas la camara no tiene flash y las imagenes tienen muy poca resolusi&oacute;n.

By far the worst phone I have ever owned. It freezes up and must be reset about every other day.  I'm on my second one.  Palm sent me a new one after several hours of level 3 palm support.  The touch screen works sometimes, sometimes it doesn't.  To many other problems to go into.  Don't buy this phone, you will be sorry!

I've been playing with this phone just a few days and i gotta tell you guys this is a great phone... you can feel and see the quality on it... WiFi works great and everything else too... I'm not the guy that fools around on BB, I think Palm's are great devices. I hope this helps. BTW thanks Amazon

Ive owned this phone for a few months now and can conclude that it is severely under-powered. When writing text messages, I type faster than the phone, further many words are left missing or misspelled. The phone is super slow.Other than the text messaging problem, the phone is very sleek and WM6 is pretty reliable. The phone also comes with a built-in backup software that will backup your contacts/calendar to an SD card (if you have one installed).I previously used the Palm Treo 750W  (wM5) and would recommend purchasing that ($199 from Amazon) over the $400 Palm Treo Pro. It does everything the Pro can do, with the exception of WiFi.

I have had this phone only for a week however I have not run into any problems with it. Everything is positive. It took me a while to figure out how to change the ringtones but it was right there.(To the manual writers: Once the phone is in our hands we want to do two things immediately. 1. Change the wallpaper. And 2. Change the ringtones and notification sounds. So don't begin your manuals with the lame 'Your Phone and Making Your First Call' sections. I am not making any calls until this thing is set up the way I want it. So begin your manuals there. Geez.)Calls are clear. Remarkably so. And when you are on a call the phone locks its screen to prevent an action unless you unlock it. A nice touch from my previous phone an HTC Diamond Touch which would go wild while the phone was to my ear.I have to say that I love the keyboard. It is logical, easy, and even with clunky fingers like mine, push friendly. It also gives a very satisfying 'click' feedback. I struggled with the Diamond Touch screen keyboard for over a year now and I have to say I prefer a physical keyboard to a virtual one.The programs work well and my phone came with Kinoma FreePlay. This program is very nice and opens the phone to a surprising variety of content that you can tap into while traveling.I have had Blackberries, MotoQ, and HTC's smartphones but I have to say that this phone, out of the box, has impressed me the most. Hopefully in a month's time it will continue to perform to my early expectations.Update:I am now a month into this phone. There is really nothing I can say negative about it. The battery life has been very good. The screen is good. I have had no issues with the keyboard. And except the MicroSD becoming dislodged after a accidental fall off a table onto hardwood the phone appears to be bulletproof. I am anxiously waiting for Windows Mobile 6.5 and then 7.0, however although lackluster Win. Mobile 6.1 syncs with my Outlook flawlessly.It is really a very good phone and I think that with the Treo Pro I will not be disappointed with the phone over the life on my three year contract.

Be careful with this phone.  If it have a problem with this palm treo pro, you have two altenatives.  First, the waranty, that I don't think it exist now for this model.  Second is to put it in the garbage, because the cost for fixing it, will be almost the price for a newer model.  Now that HP is the owner of Palm, I thint it will dissapear soon.  So be careful with this phone.

This was a great buy and worth the money but it freezes and the battery cover is not very easy to remove!  My right thumb went black and blue trying to remove it.

Palm PRO is the worst phone ever. i bought it the first week of its release..i put up with it for a few months and now i have a BlackBerry Tour. in my line of work i meet hundreds of people everyday. i meet one person who also had the phone and she hated it as well. dont waste your money on Palm coz you'll end up having to remove your battery at least 4 times a day just for it to act right. the phone can shut it self off just by the slightest touch and you wouldnt even know. the phone dosent vibrate half the time. the mobile web takes forever. typing "www" takes at least 8 seconds just for the letters to appear on the screen. the phone hangs up when people calls you and if your screen freezes which it will the call will show up and nothing will work not even the green button. its a piece of trash. it dosent deserve the star i gave it but Amazon wants me to rate it....

I work in healthcare profession and have been using Palm products for almost 10 years, particularly for Epocrates, medical formulas etc. Just the familiarity with Palm made me choose this new Palm model. I had a Palm 680 prior to this. But this new model has Windows mobile operating system which is quite different from Palm OS..so the familiarity factor goes out the window right there. I find Winmo harder to use than Palm OS. I loved the Palm "desktop" feature where you could put icons of the most used programs right on the main screen. No such feature on Winmo. Ofcourse, it was an informed decision to buy Palm pro. This product came out in August 2008 and I bought it in May 2009. So a lot of people have already tried it..and as of yesterday there were 41 reviews on Amazon, that were extremely helpful.It is a nice looking phone...weighs almost as much as iPhone. Opening the back cover to insert SIM card was such a hassle. I tried for over 30 minutes to open it..and had to look up a video online for help. But finally got it in. And phone was ready to use right away.On this phone, signal bar is always 1 bar less than other phones..but I can make and receive phone calls. No problems so far. I am overall satisfied with this phone..I got what I expected. I am not a big fan of Winmo though. To open a program, you have to go through layers of menus. For example, I used the clock/alarm function on Palm Treo 680 a lot since I would need to get up at odd hours. The clock/alarm icon was on my desktop main screen. Not so with Windows. You have to click "start"..then settings..then system and finally the clock.I feel Palm should get rid of the stylet function. Pulling out the stylet from the right lower corner is not very easy and I am always afraid that I would drop it somewhere never to find it again. But you need the stylet to go through 4 layers of menu..when I used my "finger"..it would always miss the mark.Finally, the font size is too small. When I get a phone call.. I have to bring it within 6 inches of my face to read who is calling. Surprisingly, changing font size doesn't fix this problem. You have to see it to understand what I am talking about. Since 80% of my use for this device is as phone, it is very annoying.Overall 3 stars. Lot of scope for improvement. I hope people at Palm/Treo read these reviews and make better products in future.

I have had this phone for almost two weeks now.  I breifly had the palm 700wx so i only have little to compare to but I think I know some of the subtle yet very useful differences.  Here are the pros:1) it's very simple to turn on/off the wifi, bluetooth, and phone antenna in order to save battery life which i really like2) from using the palm treo 700wx, i hated how the touch screen was still active while on a phone call.  i would have to hold the phone away from my face in order to avoid clicking all sorts of things i didn't want to click.  this phone automatically locks the touch screen while on a call and you can only unlock it using the directional button which was a major plus for me.3) The button on the side can be changed to whatever you want it to open.  the 700wx i was told could only be the camera.the cons (why it's only four stars)1) the volume is low unless you activate speaker phone. it sounds like even when not on speaker that the voices are coming from the back of the phone2) i'm not a fan of how the text messaging is set up. i want to open one message at a time to view and then be able to hit respond. if i click on a text it opens it to another screen which doesn't have a reply button until i click back and then the "conversation" is highlighted. this is the other thing i don't like. it will save every message you have with the same number into one "conversation".3) it comes with no accessories at all.  i originally got a blackberry curve (sent back because it wasn't compatible with my plan which i wasn't told when i ordered) which came with earphones, a holster, the usb charger, a cd, and something else.  this only came with the usb charger and a plug for the wall.  i felt they should have included at least a holster.4) the provided manual is pathetic.  it's basically a ten page pamphlet.  if you want any depth on the functions of the phone, you have to go online5) creating a voice recording is more difficult than it should be. you have to open a program and go through menus in a program just to start one. i want to be able to click program>voice recording and have the app openalthough the cons outnumber the pros, my cons are only minor and pretty specific to what i was looking for. other people may not feel the same way. overall i really like the phone.

if you're the type who's all business and no fooling around with extraneous apps, this phone's for you!

I needed a Windows Mobile phone. I spent weeks looking at what was available and everything pointed to the HTC Touch Pro 2 - but that thing is too heavy, chunky/cumbersome and way too expensive in my opinion... so when I saw this phone for two hundred dollars at Dell - I went for it!It's a 3G phone if you use AT&T; but I don't get 3G with my T-Mobile account. That doesn't bother me because I do get 3G where I really need it - in Jamaica, on the Claro network.SCREEN: It's hard to see in sunlight... the fonts are very small - the standard screen "time" is a joke... but all that can be easily fixed with a program called "spb Mobile Shell" which transforms the Treo Pro into a wonderful easy to use device that looks just like the more expensive HTC phones... I would not want to use this phone without spb Mobile Shell!KEYBOARD: Again, at first it feels weird - the keys are made of a gel-like substance that grips your finger tips and doesn't allow them to "flow" with too much speed...but I got used to it after a month or two and now I don't have a problem with it... although it could have been better.FINISH: At first, the black shiny plastic looks kinda cheap. It shows finger prints and smudges like nobody's business... but a quick wipe with a cloth and it always looks new again. Overall, I like it's appearance and I'm happy with it.OPERATION: I've been using it now for a few months now - it works really well. No problems with receiving or making calls. The texting is easy and fast with this phone mainly because of the threaded conversations and physical qwerty keyboard. I've had a few times when I needed to reset the phone - but it's not often and because I'm running third party applications, I can't really complain - again I'm happy with the phones performance.RESET: To reset the phone you really need to remove the battery for a second because there's no convenient switch.WI-FI: There's a great little switch on the side of the phone for starting and stoping wi-fi which I find very convenient instead of hunting through the menus.GPS: It's really fast and works well - it'll find 6 or 7 satellites in a minute or two... much faster than a Nokia N95 that I previously owned.SILENT SWITCH: There's a physical switch for when you go into meetings and you want the phone to be silent - I love this switch and use it a lot. Because of the way it's designed, you can just look at the switch and see whether its on or off (it shows a red color when it's on).For the price that I paid, it's a pretty decent phone... at least until something better comes along!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR NOW!!!

Clearly this was the model Palm went on the decline. This model is worthless. I had problems from day 1! This model is what finally pushed me to leave the Palm family.

Fast, slim, GPS work perfect, I add it a 32 GB micro SD kingston memory and attached via BlueTooth to my car stereo and I have a lot of Music to hear while driving, I prefer this than an Iphone, Also I think it's better than "Treo PRE" (not windows OS)--- If you don't want to have an Internet contract, there are multiple programs that download Maps from Google and you can navigate offline ;) ------ Reception everywhere, and easy to manage contacts with Outlook, sync by bluetooth

I love the fact that I can use my own programs and not having to buy additional apps. It's slim which is a plus but I wished it had a weather link.

I've been using Treos since they first came out (I think I started with a Treo 180) and so I have to admit that switching to a Windows Mobile device left me feeling uneasy.  But I couldn't wait for the Pre as my 680 started crapping out on me and I didn't want a 700/750/800.  However, since I have been syncing my Palm with Outlook for years, the data transfer was pretty seamless.  Naturally I had to redo my speed dials and I couldn't load some of my favorite games, but I knew that going in.  The device is definitely of Treo pedigree, however, and the form factor is a significant improvement. Compatibility with the MS Office suite is a plus (no more dependence on Data Viz).  The device had a lot of menus and was difficult to navigate (kind of like all of the other Windows software I've ever used) but I read a review on the device that mentioned installation of SPB Mobile Shell and that has helped tremendously; it should be the first piece of software that you install!  I also like the unlocked GSM, integrated GPS and the WiFi (all of these were selling points for the phone and worked perfectly out of the box).  Nice job Palm!  Can't wait to see the Pre come out in an unlocked version :-D

Compre este tel&eacute;fono pensado que tenia el mismo software que la palm treo, pero es muy lento las teclas son tan peque&ntilde;as que no son practicas, adem&aacute;s los acceso en la pantalla son tan peque&ntilde;os que cuando los toco se confunden unos con otros... No me gusta nada

I bought the Treo Pro because I wanted an unlocked phone with GPS and I've always loved my Treos in the past.  This is different.  It doesn't use the Palm system I like and I knew that going in, but I thought I could work with it.  I don't really like it.  If you're used to, and like, the simplicity of the previous calendars, contacts, color coding, etc. it's not here.  Also, I do not understand why the appointments are only on the half hour and hour, especially for a calendar supposedly made for business people.  My 650 allows me to enter five minute increments, this doesn't.  I could also color code my appointments, this can't.  It's rather complicated unless you operate it like a computer in which case it's really very good.  I just miss some of the simpler things that made the Treos fun and easy to use.

This is the toughest phone I've ever had. I have dropped it, flushed it in the toilet, poured milk shake on it, and it's still working after 4 years. I am moving to Samsung Skyrocket 3 and hope it will be as good. I'm moving because I need something with wider screen.

I have been a loyal Palm customer for several years. I was upgrading from a Treo 680 and was excited to buy the Palm Treo Pro. After loading my data, the smart phone would not work because it ran out of internal memory. I think WinMob, along with my contacts and calendar, took up too much space. It is ridiculous for a phone to run out of space the very first day I tried to use it. I had the phone less than a day. I had to go to the AT&T store that day to buy a new non-Palm phone and return my Palm Treo Pro. I bought the unlocked version so it was very disappointing to spend that much money on a product that did not work. I hope the Palm Pre is worth the wait because that is now what I have my heart set on. I have to say that Amazon.com processed the return very quickly with no problems. I received a credit within the week. Thank you Amazon.com.

I use Palm since the first model and I considered this Palm Treo Pro the worst. Difficult to tap, dark screen, the system is very slow, the wirelles doesn`t work with all bands. Really is not a serious smartphone. I`m very disapointed. Unhappily will be my last Palm.

The web site showed one unit available. Yet I get a message saying the product is back ordered and no date is available to suggest when the product will available. Amazon should do a better job of updating. That is twice this week that this has happened to me.

The product is great.Shame on Amazon that they don't test the products before sending them. They sent me a defective unit which reboots itself when I'm making a phone call. Now I have to send it back so they send me a replacement but it makes item much more expensive because I'm outside of US and have to pay to send the defective item back to US and to hace the replacement sent to me to my country.Bottom line: Amazon should test their products before sending them.

This phone TOTALLY rocks!!  I have been JONESING for a palm windows upgrade for over 2 years....Ever since I got my 700wx, (I briefly tried the dismally disappointing 800w...ugh..)I have been dying for full threaded texting and pic sms....of course there are hacks for this and I did them, but there is nothing like native support for these features.  Well THIS phone has it ALL!!  Full support for threaded texting, pics, video over sms..you name it.  Also got a messaging app with AIM, Yahoo, and Windows Live/Messenger!!  So I dont have to shell out another $40 for IM+ application!!  AWESOME!!  FINALLY sprint catches up with the rest of the world....not too mention getting Office Mobile.My only tiny tiny gripes are that they moved some of the familiar soft buttons around...I was used to having the "menu" on the right bottom of the screen and when you select a picture to have as your today background,(I have my favorite pic of my daughter and I that I always use) it seems to re-position it somehow....keyboard seems a bit more cramped...the familiar "delete" button for my email is now another keystroke away...but hey...these are small complaints for a phone that otherwise is a great product.Form factor is great, and it doesnt feel as "bulky" and awkward as the 700wx felt.at any rate, there you have my 2 cents. it kicks ARSE over the "iPhone"...sorry, but I need the tactile response of an actual KEYBOARD...

I've had my Pro now since June of 2009 (it's now March 2010). In the short while, I've already had to replace 2 styli and the battery. I've owned one other Palm before this one, the 700wx. What attracted me was the stylus operated touchscreen, or finger, I use both in different scenarios. Also I love the QWERTY keyboard (which many companies are getting away from with their smartphones). Finally, I'm OK with Windows Mobile and it's never let me down to sync the phone with my computer, but this would not have been a deal breaker, if it was say Palm OS. Unfortunately, Palm is dying and taking the kind of phone I like with it.I must say the Treo Pro is better than the 700wx, all together. Its best feature though is also its worst feature, its small size. Probably the smallest smartphone I've seen. No more brick, as with the 700wx, or antenna. It just looks really sleek. However, the size of this phone is responsible for the problems I've listed above as well as a few others. Having a smaller keyboard it's very easy to accidentally hit neighboring keys while typing, and it happens often. This slows down email writing and text messages. The phone has also been stripped down and valuable shortcuts have been cut. Access to the stylus has been moved from the top to the bottom, though this is preference, but its affected the stylus in other ways. I also liked the SD card access of the 700wx, on top, for easy swapping or removal. The SDHC card slot is now under the back casing which has to be removed in order to access it.As mentioned before, I've had to replace the stylus twice and I plan to again, and again, because it's a horribly designed stylus. It's been shrunk to an itty bitty size rather than the 700wx's "normal" size stylus. I assume this has to do with there not being enough room for a larger stylus, which is probably also why it's at the bottom of the phone. But the worst part of it all and the reason I keep replacing the stylus is because it's made of two pieces that "bend" unlike the solid stylus of the past. I can deal with the small size but this construction is pathetic. The end of the stylus you pull from the phone is black plastic, to match the phone, and the rest is solid metal (except for the tip, of course). The problem comes from the bending of the plastic piece at the point of contact with the metal. After a couple months you'll notice how this thing doesn't feel right and then upon inspection you will see this flaw. I've invested in more styli which are on standby.I also mentioned the battery. I just replaced mine (with a big boy batterySeidio Innocell Extended Life Battery for Palm Treo Pro (Black)), yesterday. Only recently had I been noticing that this phone was dying, even before the day was up and even on days with light use. But what, I've had the phone for about 8-9 months now, and this battery problem started about a month ago and steadily got worse. Unacceptable! Size strikes again. I suppose there wasn't enough room for a big battery, even though someone had to know it needs it.So, the Treo Pro has a few common flaws, but they couldn't be more annoying. Not to mention, go to Palm's website and it's like they've disowned the Pro. Sure, there is support. But it's all about the Pre now. The Pro wasn't around very long before the Pre took over. I feel cast aside. And I'm definitely NOT switching to Sprint for the Pre! I guess I'll start looking at a Blackberry. Should have had Bono throw in a few extra bucks to try to retain pre-Pre customers.

I bought the Treo Pro in October 2008.  In terms of advertised functionality, it should be a great device.  However, my experience owning one has been very bad.I bought the unlocked version as my local cellular provider did not supply the Treo Pro.  From the first day, the device did not work properly, although initially the problems were not frequent; the phone kept dropping the data connection and occasionally the cellular connection.  The problems became worse as time went on.  I contacted Palm on several occasions and was told that the problem had to be with my cellular provider.A couple of months ago, my cellular provider started supplying the Treo Pro themselves, and their other customers were not experiencing the same problems.  After a few more weeks of arguing with Palm customer service, they finally accepted, after an ENTIRE YEAR, that my device was faulty and agreed to replace it under warranty.The new device arrived fairly promptly.  It is also faulty; the Wi-Fi just does not work.I have learned my lesson and will never buy a Palm product again.

As usual, I received from Amazon and its providers an outstanding service. The product as required, the delivery time as promised, the wrapping, as needed. There is nothing more to say.Keep up the good work.Hector Moncada Reese

El producto es perfecto y el vendedor es muy bueno y cumple con los tiempos de entrega establecidos, el producto llega en perfecto estado

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks.  The first problem was that I couldn't get the back cover off.  I still have difficulty with it, but most of the time can do it now.  The phone is severely underpowered, and the battery needs much more frequent charging that other phones I've had.  The features are not intuitive, and the manual is a joke--as is the online tutorial.  How about covering  something basic like telling you how to change ringtones?  I have had both Nokia and Blackberry and prefer these hands down.

Great phone this is an upgrade from my previous Treo 650. The screen is incredible it features a 320-by-320-pixel screen, larger battery, and thinner overall profile. The keys of the QWERTY keyboard keep the same arrangement of the Centro line has, but there is more spacing between the keys which prevent a miss typing. The back of the device is almost as attractive as the front in its own unique way. The centered camera lens and a large silver Palm logo are the only standouts on the otherwise smooth and shinny backside.Pros:WM6: Love it if you are a power business user sync with exchange and office apps, Excel, Powerpoint, outlook and word are installed.3G: depends on the carrier to get advantage of this.GPS: Google maps installed free of uses but requires Internet connection. Telenav is great, only 30 days trial.MicroSDHC: Support Up to 32GB!!!Wifi: Great receptionDesign: SleekSpeed: normally WM6 devices tends to lag, but the Treo Pro is really fast compare to HTC with WM6 installedCons:Battery Life: could be betterBattery Cover: removing the covver is a pain.Screen Size: c'mon palm get rid of that tiny square screenMemory: only 256MB (100MB user and 128MB RAM program memory)This is an all around great device I already brought two mine and another one for my brother in law after playing a while with the device he felt in love with it. With FM receiver and more installed storage memory could be the king of the hill.

This phone broke 2 months after purchase. I am strugling to have this phone fixed and Palm is making this really hard. This is my 4th Treo, I started with a 650 that was great and then I had the 680 and 750 that was not so good. Now I have this Treo Pro, and I'm beginning to believe that Pro stands for problems. I would not recommend this product. My advice: Stay away from Palm service.

The short of it:-The ringer has an inherent flaw in it and if it turns off on its own it will not turn back on without a hard reset.  This has happened to my phone and the ringer will only stay on for a couple of hours. Thus, every few hours I have to hard reset my phone if I want to hear it ring. Palm refuses to replace the phone and refuses to create a fix for it as it is a registry issue from what I have read on the Palm Forums.-Once the phone goes on roaming, I practically  have to reset it to get it off roaming.-I consistently use the comm manager to turn off and on wireless/cellular due to flying all the time and I often have to go through the motions two or three times to get it to actually execute.-The battery is ok for a smart phone.-The on board internet browser gets the job done for me.-The call quality has been fine and it rarely drops calls on me.-All my messaging capabilities work ok, though I can't figure out how to timestamp incoming texts, annoying.I'd not recommend this phone to others due to my issues with it. If the ringer worked, I'd probably give it 4 stars, but since it is a phone, and it is supposed to ring, it's kind of a pain in the neck.

I am a combat medic in Afghanistan, shipping was fast, but the phone is not unlocked,and worthless to me here, I guess I will lug it around until I get back to the US, and see if I can use it there, and the touch screen is very unresponsive much of the time.

I've been a Windows Mobile phone user for years now. Before buying this phone, I tried a Nokia E71 and then an HP Ipaq 910.  Both phones were not bad, but still lacking in many areas and just not worth their price tag.  This Treo Pro is worth every dime.Pros:- Very slim and light form factor.  I said "wow" the minute I opened the box.- Windows Mobile runs lots and lots of software.  Syncing with Windows PCs or Exchange servers is a breeze.- 320x320 display is bright and crisp.- Palm has added so many extras to the base Windows Mobile 6.1 platform, it's hard to list them all.  There is a nice screen saver when the phone is off, showing you the time and if you have any messages or missed calls.  Even though the backlight is off, the screen is still quite easy to read for this basic info.  Also, if you push the red "End" button from the home screen, the phone locks the keys and goes to sleep.  Why is this not a standard WM feature?  I can't tell you how many times I wish there was a simple keylock feature.  Turn the phone back on, and you have to hit the middle button in the 5-way pad to unlock the keys.- The buttons around the edge of the phone are perfect.  There's a power button, simple slider control for vibrate mode, a wi-fi button which flips on the wi-fi (holding it in lets you see available networks), volume control, and one more customizable button.  I sort of wish there were a wheel or scroller thingy that lets you zip up and down screens with a lot of text, but oh well.  There's also a standard 3.5mm headphone jack.  On the down side, the USB connector for syncing and charging seems to be a proprietary Palm connector.  I can't seem to find a generic USB cable to match it.- The built-in GPS works great with Google maps.  Sometimes it will pick up a GPS signal in seconds (holding the phone parallel to the ground seems to help).  The built-in GPS in the HP Ipaq 910, by contrast, often took several minutes to lock onto a signal.- The keyboard is small but quite usable after a while.- The Treo is like lightening compared to other Windows Mobile devices I have had.  Previously, I had a Cingular 8525 which had a 400mhz processor.  That device was often sluggish when turning on or moving between applications.  This Treo is also listed as having a 400mhz processor, but somehow it feels twice as fast as the 8525.  It performs like Windows Mobile *should* perform.- The battery life is amazing for a Windows Mobile phone.  I accidentally left my charger at work on Friday, but managed to make it all through 'til Monday with a few phone calls, using the GPS a bit, plus some internet access.  On my previous Cingular 8525, the battery would have been dead at the end of one day of that much use.Cons:- Yeah, the keyboard is small.- Built-in camera could have a higher resolution.  However, it is better than other 2mp digital camera phones I have used.  Also, no flash - not that those little LED flashes really do much anyways.  Indoor pics are pretty weak in medium lighting.- The built-in Windows Media player doesn't have an equalizer or any type of tweaker.  It's the 21st century for heaven's sake.  This is not really Palm's fault since it's a Microsoft program, but until there is a killer media player for Windows Mobile, it will not be a true competitor of iPhone.- The display is locked into sort of a "large fonts" mode which will stretch some older Windows Mobile applications all out of whack. This also effectively does not utilize the beautiful screen to its maximum.  However, you can use smaller fonts in IE and that makes web pages look good.- The battery cover is a little tricky to remove.  Once you've done it a few times, you get the hang of it. Unfortunately, the micro SD slot is under there.Summary:If you like Windows Mobile, this is truly fantastic device.  I just hope it's not too late for Palm.  If you're on the fence about moving to Windows Mobile from something other than an iPhone, you'll probably like this device a lot.  If you have an iPhone, keep it, there's no reasoning with you anyway. ;)

Despite working with this device for a month, I could not find any way to edit AND sync my office documents with my computer... Docs to Go says they do not have a compatible product for the Treo Pro although they do for Windows Mobile. Figure that out? Also I was not able to successfully set it up with my blue tooth headset - perhaps that was my ignorance but my son couldn't figure it out either. The keys are too small for me to use while driving - I am used to an unsmart Nokia. I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because I realize I am not an experienced smart phone user and some of these issues might be due to my ignorance. But I did try all the support services options and couldn't solve them.

I bought this phone in December of 09 for less than $200.  A good price.  I am using it on AT&T; and they are dinging me for a $30 data plan. Apparently they know it is a Smartphone since if I try and change it back to the $15 unlimited data plan I had with a Motorola phone, within a week they change it back to $30.This is a good data phone but a really bad video player.  I installed a few programs and am out of memory all ready.  Call quality is fantastic and AT&T; is right in that you can multi-task on their network.  I can talk and surf the web at the same time.  The screen is way too tiny but not the fault of Palm as all "candy bar" type phones have small screens.  Turn on key clicks and typing is a breeze with few errors.  I get 3g speeds for downloads.  Battery life with all the radio's turned off except for the phone is about 3 days, maybe a little longer.  The phone does not get excessively hot while in use as others have reported.  Screeen is bright.  GPS is full and assisted but with the tiny screen reading maps is a chore. "Palm" center key blinks when I have voice mail. If the screen is locked I get icons for email and voice mail and missed messages so the phone works well On AT&T;.

I've had my Treo Pro for about six months and I love it. It's small, sleek, and very attractive. The qwerty keyboard is easy to use, even for those with larger fingers. I barely ever use the sylus because it has the touchscreen and it's much easier (and faster) to use your fingers and select what you want. Another feature that I love is the Windows Media Player  to which you can transfer your music and video files from your computer to the phone, and the sound quality is great. The only downside I can think of is that the Treo Pro is not compatible with most bluetooth headsets and you will have to spend lots of money to find just the right one that works with this phone. Lastly, it is a pain in the a** to open the back cover if you need to get your battery or sim card out. Otherwise, it is worth the money.

Phone is great........needs more talk-time....higher processor speed ....more memory and an FM radio to be the King Of The Hill!

This is the most stable Treo I have ever owned.  With the great memory management app on the device, you can make sure you fully close applications and free up the device memory.  WiFi and Bluetooth work great, and the screen resolution is a real plus.  One downside on the design is the ridiculously difficult to remove back cover.  Unfortunately, the battery, the reset button, and the microSD card slot are all located back there.  The keyboard is a bit tight, but much easier to use than many devices I have owned and certainly better than the iPhone virtual keyboard.  The thin form-factor is also a major improvement over the brick-like past Treos - you can actually put this one in your front pocket or your shirt pocket!

I purchased the Palm Treo Pro last week to replace my T-Mobile Dash.  This thing is a beauty!  The exterior is shiny and sleek.  It feels good in your hand.  The keyboard is easy to use (takes some re-learning time to move from Dash to Treo Pro due to location of some symbols).My business is very Microsoft-centric, as we use and develop software for telecommunications.  It takes minutes to get up and running, syncing with Exchange Server over the air.  I added my Gmail account in a jiffy.  Comparisons with iPhone or touch phones just don't make sense if you're a business user.  The microsoft OS works flawlessly with business applications.  One-hand operation and responding to text messages and email is made simple with the qwerty keyboard.I purchased the unlocked version so I don't have to be stuck in a 2-year contract with any carrier.  I don't get the benefit of 3G data through T-Mobile, but Edge is plenty fast (and much more dependable) for internet and email, and it helps save on battery life.  If AT&T; plan prices and dependability ever get better, I may make the switch, but I don't see any need right now.Favorite things:Hard switch to silence all soundsAbility to resize text in applicationsBrilliant displayComm Manager and hard button for quick wi-fi off/onbattery lifeTime and Date Screen saver when display is offStandard mini pin headset jackProfessional, classy designDislikes:Micro-usb interface/AC (easily fixed with a mini to micro adapter)
