
The telephones were advertized as unlocked telephone to be used internationally, both telephones did not work in a foreign country.I am highly disapointed.

Basic phone..not really good for txtng if you like to txt..Ive used it for like 2 months now and the battery is starting to give up, only take 3-4days for a full charge even if i dnt use it..used to be 5-8days bfor i charge it again..so that's the only problem i got so far..

the phone is not what I spected very deffical to use and read, I dont recommended.

I had tried the Motorola Motofone F3 and found out it is a phone for other country not for USA.  Trust me do not buy or try.Just to make sure, I tried the second time with the same conclusion.Save your time and try other cell phone.John

I bought this primarily because it looks so crazy and it's cheap enough that I decided to see how bad the text input is.The text input is hilariously bad.  It could be good if you wanted to annoy your friends or convince someone you didn't understand texting, or if you just DGAF and want to blame your laziness on a phone.  The crazy texting might also help add a sense of urgency if you were sending texts in an emergency too, I guess.In all seriousness, the phone does have an excellent battery life, has a distinctive look that I still kind of love, and has good voice quality.

I never received this phone.  I contacted the seller but the seller would not give me a refund.

The best phone to price ratio I have ever seen in a phone - great for a second phone to take into hazardous environments.  I could imagine successfully using this as my primary phone as well.I recommend it heavily.

This is good phone. It is a phone, not an operating control for the space shuttle.the phone arrived in the appropriate cannister, but it seemed that it had been tampered with.  at least it appeared to have been glued together.  after one month of use the phone has come apart.  I believe this is a recycled phone and so I would not recommend that you buy from this company.finally, the phone is quite flimsy, if you put in in your pocket it will crack, if you drop it, it will break.  love the epaper, disappointed with the fragility of the thing.  imagine you are in the thirld world (the phone is designed to sell in poor asian and african markets), you put together a month worth of savings to buy this phone.  then while carrying out your daily labors the phone cracks, which is very easy to do...can you imagine the heartbreak.I will not rebuy this phone model, although I love MOTOROLA.

I bought this for a trip to Mexico. I worked well there, mostly did texts back and forth to the US. Since then, I've carried it as a backup. I originally paid 30 bucks and got $20 in free airtime. I've only spent maybe $20 on airtime. That includes $6 for a mistake that was caused by the phone falling under the armrest of the car. After that, I learned to mash, and hold, the star key to lock the keypad. The phone almost always has a signal, better than my others. It's just way to expensive($1.75/min) to use as a primary phone.

This phone is exactly what I have been looking for:  A simple phone without the bells and whistles. Namely, it makes phone calls and has an alarm. It also has text messaging but I would not recommend it if you're a major text-fiend as the interface is awkward.The Kindle-like E-Ink screen is easy on the eyes, plus the phone is supposedly very durable.  If you search You-Tube you'll probably find videos of people throwing this phone off of 3-story buildings and running it over with vehicles to still find it functioning.Despite being the OLPC of phones designed for 3rd-world conditions I did not find the battery life all that efficient.  This could be from the fact that I made this purchased with the understanding that it was new--it's wasn't!  IT WAS REFURBISHED and was originally set to Claro, a network available in South America.  Furthermore, I found the phone's box opened.  Upon inspecting the housing I noticed that there were subtle blemishes. The spot where the the SIM card went looked like it was broken and re-soldered.  This is why I did not give this review  five stars.  So be warned it may say new, but it isn't!In summary:  Great phone, but be suspicious of sellers.

This is a base model this phone really sucks you can't see who's calling who you called and you can't retrieve missed calls, text messages.  Save your money don't buy this.

I was very disappointed with this Motorola product. I did know this international phone did not come with a US warranty but I did expect the instruction paperwork would NOT include English instructions. This lack of instructions resulted in my damaging the old phone's SIM card resulting in both phones being useless.Although Amazon honored its satisfaction gaurantee it does not help with the loss of an operable phone.

This phone is not unlocked regardless of what they say.  It's a very strange phone, unlike anything I have seen before.  Maybe very very simple with weird voice prompts but is really a terrible phone, terrible functionality (even simple) and almost just unusable.

This phone would not work in the United States or Verizon.  I tried to get my money back.  The company said no refund if the original seal was broken.  Well that is how it came to me!Very very upset and disapointed.

The phone looks beutyfull, and expensive. None the less there is basicly no features, you only have time, date, a horrible version of an adress book and alarm ( with a horrible sound that sounds like a choaking chiken, as does the ringtones). This is not an unlocked cellphone. It is set for a mexican cellphone company. It is hard to send text messages, and you need to enter the number, you can't choose someone from your adress book. On the bright side great reach, nice voice guidance ( in spanish) and very thin. If i could i wind time back up i would defenetly not buy it.

I was looking for a basic phone for calls and text while I find a real phone, which is unlocked and international. I have T-mobil international plan, but the phone didn't work in Europe. It doesn't have an out box in text messages, it is hard to read and write text because of the large font words often appear partially. If you are in an area with no reception it may take sometimes as much as 10 minutes for the sim card to work. Sometimes for no reason my sim card couldn't be recognized so I have to take the battery out remove and re-install the sim card for it to start working again. Sometimes the phone just "lights up" reading "t-mobil" on it. All in all, it's more like a somewhat sophisticated child's toy than a phone.Please do yourself a favor and don't get it, I could write long-long essays how bad it is and even super-tech guys gave up trying to figure it out.I on;y give it 1 star rating because i couldn't submit "0"

not even worth the $30 it cost! it is so cheap looking and feeling, no text... it was awful, i returned it right away!

This phone is hard to use. There are only two lines on the display and letters are of this weird shape - so forget about using text messaging. Also, when somebody is calling oyu - you can only see first five letters of the name. Second, the address book interface is quite hard to navigate.So don't think this is a simple to uuse basic phone. This is a basic phone whish is a pain in the *** to use. Especially don't buy it for somebody not sophisticated with technology (like elderly parents) becuase it is much harder to use than a regular phone.

Wherever these things are coming from they are NOT unlocked.  Really stupid for Amazon to sell this thing...  Do NOT bother getting this as long as the current seller is pushing these things at these prices.I encountered the same problem where the Tigo phone system has locked "bloqueado" these phones.

I purchased this phone as a "temporary" until I could upgrade with my carrier.  The phone is very simple and easy enough to operate.  A few things were bothersome:  I cannot utilize call waiting.  The push buttons did not work during a call (i.e. trying to push "0" for operator or any other button will not work).  For example, I could not refill prescriptions with an automated system; very aggravating.  We found a "solution" online for this issue but it only worked temporarily.  This phone is unreliable at best.  I will have an incoming call and the phone will not ring or notify me of any missed call.  I got accustomed to this and would consistently check my voicemail (just in case) and often found 2 or 3 messages from calls that occurred when I was not talking on the phone and had it right next to me.  Based upon my experience: NO phone might actually be better than THIS phone.

I ordered this phone based on some of the reviews and the fact I didn't need a phone that had the latest technology. I thought the phone was neat because of how slim it was, and the fact it was really affordable ($35 shipped). However, sadly I am disappointed:Pros:-Slim and sleek!-Voice quality is great!-E-Ink is an interesting display method.Cons:-Battery time is not what it is supposed to be (more like four days with about ten minutes of talking time).-Tells me that my SIM card is not inserted at times; thus, I have to take out the battery and reinsert my SIM card (older phone never had this problem).-Don't receive calls when it's claiming the SIM card is out...missed quite a few phone calls because I didn't notice it's false claims.-When you take out the battery, the time and calender date is wiped; you'll have to reinsert them.-Oh, and the strangest thing about mine is, is that it won't ring when it's set to vibrate and ring. I just won't...it'll sit there and vibrate but no ringing. Once again, missed a few calls due to this problem too.Overall, this is phone with a great concept; it's simple, E-Ink supposedly uses little battery power (thus you can actually remove the battery and the display will still show what was last on the screen), and it's really affordable. Unfortunately, it doesn't live up to it's full potential (battery-life problems, SIM card problems, and the strange no-ringing problem); I really wanted to like this phone, but I'll be requesting a refund on this one....

Motorola MOTOFONE F3 Black Phone (Unlocked, Intl. Version) no U.S. WarrantyI bought this phone because I wanted "just a phone".  This is as basic a phone as they come.  Complaints: battery life isn't as long as I had expected (a week in standby mode, max.); also, buttons are pushed too easily when it is bouncing around in my coat pocket.

I can't compare this next to any other phone because it's not like any other phones.  It is what it is.The fact is, if you are looking for a cheap replacement or a second phone it's the perfect item.  It's basically for making calls, although it can text.  Like someone stated earlier texting is a pain to deal with, but it works.  The major drawback is the voicemail feature.  Either it doesn't have one or I can't figure out how to work it on this phone.  If someone knows the answer post it please.The only thing I'm having a hard time dealing with is having the "OK" button as the left soft key.  Guess I'm just used to it being in the center of the D-pad.

I had this phone while I was abroad in London and boy did I run into problems. Almost everyone in my group went and got this 'wonderful little phone' but it turned out to not be worth it in the long run. It would shut off at a whim, the time couldn't be controlled no matter how many times I'd reset it. Sometimes it would tell me I missed a call when the phone didn't even ring!! Frankly I think that anyone buying this phone in the States is being grossly overcharged.

If you want a plain telephone, without any extras, this is the ticket.  It is light and sturdy, has good battery life and a highly readable screen, good sensitivity and an excellent speakerphone.  I use my phone only occasionally and only for calls.  I have a T-Mobile prepaid account, and have been spending less than $5 per month over the last three years.  My original phone died, but I simply moved the SIM card over to the F3 the T-Mobile service started right up, calling list and all.  If you want to use your phone for text messages or browsing the internet, this is not for you, but if you want a cheap, easy to use and very serviceable GSM phone, I doubt if there is anything better available.One proviso:  Amazon lists this as an international version, and I guess this is true because I presume it can be used in Canada where I have used my T-Mobile service occasionally.  It may also be useful in Mexico and other countries in this hemisphere.  However if you want to use it in Europe you will be out of luck.  This phone runs on 850/1900 bands and in Europe  you will need 900/1800.

This phone is good for what it is - a very basic, simple phone. It isn't mean to compete with the average fast-paced on-the-go businessman. I got it when it was first available, even though I could afford an expensive PDA phone. I'd give it a 5, but there are some issues with it -flickery refresh issues (due to e-ink technology)6x2-line displaymixed case textsI think if Motorola had spent a bit more time developing the character display to be a bit more flexible (ie, use pixels rather than segments), I'd give it a 5. It displays characters in mixed case because it cannot display some characters in upper or lower case.I like how it rings - when set to audible ring, it *slowly* ramps up to full volume, giving one plenty of time to answer before it makes itself known to others around you.It is ridiculously thin. I believe there are thinner phones out there... but for the price it is worth it.Finally, it just looks cool, and is very unique. It is one of the few products that uses e-ink, and for that it gets an A in my book.

My wife and I both got these F3 phones, and we love them. They are everything we ever wanted in a phone - voice calls and limited texting with awesome durability and battery life.Note that we did NOT buy these phones from Amazon - we found them cheaper elsewhere ($15 each plus shipping), so we did not have any of the issues many have reported in the 1-star reviews. Make sure you buy from a reputable source.The phone has lots of quirky limitations, and you have to be creative to use an address book that can only display six text characters at a time, especially if you are using a SIM card from a more advanced phone.My only complaint is that I couldn't figure out a way to edit existing address book entries. The only thing you can do is delete an entry and create a new one, which is a pain if you want to edit lots of contacts. I had to edit them on my old phone to be six-character-friendly, then move the SIM card to my F3. This is the only reason I didn't give the phone 5 stars.Overall I'm just so delighted to have the cheapest and simplest new phone possible. I'm not paying for a camera, mp3 player, web browser, fancy screen, or video player, and I plan to sell the "free" phones we got from T-Mobile to someone who actually wants those features.

Wanted a simple phone without all the extras to eat up battery life. With a display that I could read in all light conditions without the need for reading glasses. This phone is exactly what I was looking for. Opened the box put in my sim card charged the battery and voila! Highly recommended if you have the same needs I did and want a phone and not a multimedia/web device.Want to add that after reading some of the reviews mentioning the receiving of unlocked phones and resolution problems such as "seller not available" (many products available through amazon.com are offered by multiple sellers), I called amazon.com and they assured me the Motofone F3's they shipped were unlocked and that they purchased them directly from Motorola. So to eliminate any problems I made sure to purchase the phone offered by amazon.com _as the seller_, it wasn't the lowest price but I received what I ordered and there would have been no snags if I had needed to return it. Caveat emptor.

Not a very "easy to use" design for the display, very awkward to display contacts and text messages.  (Font is too big on screen and can not be changed)...  Everything else in the phone it self works fine.  Given the display issues, I would not recommend to purchase.

Got this phone from Amazon, put in the SIM card and power it up. Behold it started but did not pick up any GSM sinal bars from TMobile. What a waste of time, went on line and see if there is a solution to solve this. apparently it is like Russian Roulette depending on which Dual-GSM band it was set up for, it may on may not work in US. I returned it the next day and got a refund.

Very cheap, very cheap-looking basic phone. The one I received had cracks in the case. Amazon advertising is misleading on this phone: International version doesn't mean it will work overseas, it means it is not in English.Overall, this is another Motorola flop. Spend your money on something else.

Like others who've posted, I just bought one and it was sent completely and totally intact with a subsidy lock from some company called 'Tigo.'  Basically, amazon is advertising an unlocked phone and sending out phones that are completely useless unless you have a Tigo SIM card!  DON'T BUY THIS ITEM FROM AMAZON!

Hi!!  Just wanted to add my opinion regarding this phone.  Don't buy it!I read ALL the reviews prior to purchase and was completely prepared for a barebone phone, no bells, no whistles...PERFECT.  What I received was a phone that was not unlocked.  It was branded TIGO thus requireing a pin subscription to access AND did not recognize my AT&T;/Cingulair Sims card.  After hours on line, a useless Motorola rep and AT&T; and no solution in sight...the phone is being returned.  If Motorola can't even figure out how to address the start up issues....and it's their phone....that's beyond ridiculous!  They recommended that I mail my NEW phone to them so that they can reset the system to one that I could use.  Thanks but no thanks!  I'm returning the phone and going to BestBuy to grab me an inexpensive disposable phone until my contract expires.Just hope I can save someone else all this hassle!If you order this phone there are no guarantees that it will be an UNLOCKED phone that you can use in the United States.Buyer BEWARE!!!

If all you want is a cell phone that makes and receives regular old-fashioned phone calls, considering the price, this phone can't be beat.  No problem accessing the manual on the web (one is not included), or adjusting the language to English (the phone seems to made for marketing in Latin America).  The interface is a little difficult to grasp, but not too frustrating, and incoming text messages have to be constantly scrolled, as the monochrome screen only displays part of one line of text at a time.  The screen is somewhat of a plus, though, as it displays clearly in any light.  Delivery was prompt, in what seemed to be an already opened package.  I looked over the instruction booklet PDF downloaded from the internet, then installed the battery and dropped in the SIMM from my previous phone.  After a relatively short charging period (about two hours) I turned on the phone and selected "English" when prompted (this phone has an option for voice prompts), and the phone was ready to use.  If you just want to have an inexpensive light-weight cell with a speakerphone option, this will do the job.

It is what I expected..a practical no nonsense type of instrument perfect for what I need on my overseas travel.  Thank you for not advertising something else.

I own this phone.  It's a great phone, assuming that you only want to make calls and send/receive simple text messages.However, it is NOT a quad-band phone.  This listing says "QUAD BAND" in the title, then describes it as a dual-band (which it is) in the page content.  This is misleading.

Received the phone exactly as described. It was unlocked, and my T-Mobile (US) sim card was recognized right away. The phone came in packaging from a Latin American country, but the (brief) instruction manual included is printed in English. When you first turn on the phone it gives you an option to proceed in Spanish, Portuguese or English. I pressed 3 and my phone was configured for English. The whole process is simple, and I didn't experience any of the negative issues past reviewers have complained about--they seem to have worked out those problems.

I bought 8 phones to travel to Haiti on 5/6/10. I took the phones with me and none worked. I added the slim card and the phone says no slim. I do not trust them. Motorola motofone F3 is a piece of trash.

I like the slim size and shape of this phone and it has been durable. It works well as a phone (sound quality, battery life). However, it has a very limited interface and some annoying aspects, such as beeping when you accidentally press it against things, which happens all the time. There appears to be no setting to turn off that feature or to lock the keypad. It does not store the number of missed calls reliably or intuitively. It's interface is otherwise pretty intuitive, but also very limited. Can't beat it for this price if you need an unlocked GSM phone.

This is the cel phone I always wanted: long battery life, rugged, simple to use, great sound quality, surprisingly good speaker phone, and very compact with out being difficult to hold or delicate.This is not a phone for people who text. It is not a phone for people who want to watch YouBoob videos. It is not a phone to send e-mail or do taxes on. It is not for people who like down-loadable games or ring-tones.If you like simple, rugged, reliable design, this is the best phone that I know of.I am using the phone with T-mobile pre-paid in the US, and have not had any problems. For the sake of comparison, I could not make or receive calls in my house with my Sony-Ericsson phone, but with the F3 I have no problems. It generally seems to hold the signal better than my old phone in all my "trouble spots" around town.If you do buy this phone, you can download the English-language manual from the Motorola site. Pressing "3" at the first prompt will set the language to English on most versions of this phone. If you want an F3 that is already configured in English as the primary language, buy from J&R;Motorola Motofone F3 Dual Bandor Motorola. But you'll pay $15 more for not having to press the "3" key one time.

The phone came with one page of copied usage instructions.  No manual.The phone I received was a LOCKED cell phone.  I took it to two different AT&T; locations to try to get my SIM card to work, but they could not do it.  Both said the phone was locked.It is an incorrectly labeled product and completely useless.

This is the worst cell phone I've ever use/seen. Do not buy it. And this product shouldn't be sold! Companies that sell this phone deserve to go to jail.Shipping was very fast if you think it's more important than product quality.

This phone is great at doing what phones should do best -- calling and receiving calls.  I purchased a Motorola F3 for a great price just before a trip to Nicaragua in 2009.  I purchased a SIM card at the airport in Managua, loaded minutes onto the phone, and didn't have any problems.  It was much cheaper than adding international service through my carrier in the US.  The battery life on this phone is excellent.  I'm thinking about upgrading phones to one that has better texting capabilities and one that isn't quite so old.  Overall, this is a great, inexpensive phone.  It worked great for me in high humidity and it's very slim, so it's great if you plan to keep it in your pocket while you travel.I would recommend comparing this to newer quad-band phones since they will probably fall within the same price range.

Worst phone ever to buy..............not even for a child..........should be taken off the market :-(

I had high hopes for this phone and put it on my wishlist since it was introduced in 2006/7.  Yes, I knew all about the so-called deficiencies.  Yes, expected characters that looked like a clock radio, black and white, poor SMS, etc.  So no points deducted for that.  It's in all the descriptions everywhere.  All I wanted was a rugged, easy-to-use, dependable phone.  Mine was the AmigoKit from Telcel.Pros:- Easy to read: large characters, no problems in sunlight or from far away.  I can see if I missed a call or if I have a message waiting from across the room.  No need to walk over, press a button to check.  I can use it as a desk clock since the display doesn't blank out.- Decent battery life (but see below)- no bells and whistles: i.e. no "buy ringtone" button to press by accident.  No longer do I get charged for accidentally surfing the web.- slim- loud- it speaks!  (eng, spa, por)Yet, after using it, I discovered that there are features I do miss that I haven't seen mentioned:Annoyances:- displays "31410" instead of AT-T- time is NOT set by network, must set manually, I lose a minute each week.- date is NOT displayed.  Date is also displayed dd/mm/yy which takes a while to get used to, if ever.- battery life only 6 days, not 300hrs (12 days).  I didn't expect 12, but I did hope for 7+.- I can't use the phonebook during a call.- I prefer that they made it so the numbers are raised (tactile).  It's the dividers that are raised and the numbers flush.  Need to press between the bumps, not the bumps themselves.It's almost perfect.  No problems yet.  If Motorola ever decides to update the phone, I'll definitely get it.

Do not buy this.  I ordered one - was locked.  Had amazon send me a replacement - also locked.  These phones are useless.  Don't waste your money.  The advertising is not deceptive - it's simply false.

I mistakenly bought this international version to use in the US.  So at first I had to change the language settings to English and search for an English manual online.  This is a very basic phone, but so basic that I thought it went back to the early days of cell phone development.  First, all your contacts on your sim card don't transfer neatly into the phone, the names are all messed up with upper case and lower case making it hard to read.  The phone book is not very easy to use either.  Then I don't even know what all the random number that shows up, is it a date? time? code? I don't even know how to reset the date and time.  And the design and feel of the phone looks like a toy phone which we don't mind so much if it works.  We don't use the text message feature on there so it doesn't matter if it has it, but if you buy it because there's a text message feature I don't know you should because it's so primitive.  We also have a hard time figuring out the call history so if we missed a phone call we really missed it and wouldn't know who called us last.  We gave up figuring out the phone and so we are buying another phone.

Ideal phone for someone who just wants a phone.Pros:* Great battery life* Large display* Solid call quality* Great reception* CheapCons:* Letters have only one case (no capital / lower-case)* Text-messaging is difficult (only one line of text displayed at a time, no character counter)* Can't delete individual items from call history* Can't change speed-dial numbersI personally like this phone a lot.  If you can get past the simple user interface, it's simple, sturdy and has good battery life.

I love this phone.So cute and retro. No stupid apps and no games. All the basic needs one need. Probably is good for people who are not techno savvy. I think it is pretty durable since it still works after I dropped it in the toilet bowl while I was in the loo. LOVE IT!!! The phone, not the toilet bowl.

This phone lacks 1 major thing. And that according me is a easy to read text display. Surely they can work on that feature.The another important thing, phone battery runs out fast.

the order was cancelled after about one week by the supplier. The reason was non availability of the product.I am dissappointed as i wasted a lot of time for nothing

I have no doubt that this is a capable phone.  IT is very simple and does what a phone should do.  That would be all great but I can't even make a call on mine because amazon sold me a locked phone for the TIGO network.  That is from South America.  My ATT sim card does not work in it and it just asks me for a pin number that is at least 8 digits long. To make matters worse it is speaking in spanish.Shame on you Amazon.Mine is getting returned like others on here.

So then,  if all you want is a phone that works good,  buy this one.  So the manual is in Spanish,  so what.  The English version is available online.  It works just like any other cell phone except that the AUDIO and SPEAKER PHONE on this one are WAY BETTER THAN AVERAGE.  The phone looks good too..and if you lose it,  big deal.  Buy another one.  They're cheap enough to use for target practice.  ALL YOU DO IS INSERT YOUR SIM CARD AND START CALLING.  THEY RECENTLY RAISED THE PRICE TO $69.99...DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THAT.

This is a amazing PHONE.Its nothing more than a "phone" so don't expect anything more than what a average home phone has in it. So play with you coredless and if you hate it dont buy this.The F3 makes excelent calls but thats it and thats why I wanted it to go with my t-mobile unlimited package.The talk time told is wrong tho 3 to 4 days of standby and the battery is dead or 5 hrs of talking. Its still a good amount of talk tho.

Very bad product. It was not unlocked and was in spanish. Only good thing was I got my money back from Amazon. This product needs to be taken off the website to save others money and hopes. I did buy a Nokia 6010 for about the same money and it has been awesome!

I don't think this is an original motorola product. I think it is a fake manufactured locally in somewhere in China.

Not unlocked. I tried to load my SIM card, but I got a screen full of asterisks wanting a code. Turns out it wants a subscriber code - the phone was not, in fact, unlocked.

Pros:  I had one of these while in the UK and it had great reception in areas that others didn't...RAZR.  I am buying another one to use here in the USA.  It is hard to find just a "phone."  If you want a camera or music player, then it's not for you.  If you want a phone that works great as a phone, then this is the one.  The keys are similar to the SLVR or RAZR.  The display is large for those of us who need larger font.  Reception and battery indicators easy to read.  Several different ring tones.  Extremely LOUD and vibrate options.  Automatic key lock option.  Cons:  Dual band.  Hard to find head set accessories.

Hello,Actually, I couldn't benefit from that device and I was not satisfied with your service. The device is locked where as it was written in the website that it is un-locked.

this phone was not what we expected. very hard to understand how features work. ring tone very weird always going to voice mail and couldn't figure out how to get the message. text hard to read.

I bought the Motofone F3 when I had broken my Samsung Blast after a camping trip. I have to say this is one very sturdy phone. I am a very clumsy person so when I say this phone is sturdy what I mean is, I have already accidentally dropped it down a full flight of concrete stairs, stepped on it in the dark, closed it in a door (long story) and accidentally kicked it across my kitchen. All that and the F3 still works like a tank. The only complaint I have about it (and this is a pretty minor one) is that the light for the face of the phone is actually the small LED lights that light up the buttons, so the display light is really dark. This is ok for reading it since it has such high contrast and large characters, but since it is so dark it does a very poor job of doubling as a makeshift flashlight. Other than that this is one of the best phones I have ever had. I recommend it for anybody that is a Bull-in-a-china shop like me. :)

I bought this phone to replace my Nokia that I received from T-Mobil. This phone works very well and I love the speakerphone option that I can use while I am driving.The process was simple. I pulled the SIM card from my old phone and popped it into the new Motofone. Then I inserted the new battery (which comes with the Motofone) and plugged in the charger (also comes with the Motofone). I let it charge for an hour and then started the Motofone by pressing the red button. Voila!One downside to this phone is that the clock does not sync up with the network and loses around 2 minutes a day. You have to manually reset it yourself. Another issue is that there is no warning tone to let you know that there are voice messages waiting for you if you had the phone turned off (like during a meeting).Many reviewers have bashed this phone because the instructions are in Spanish. You can google the instructions from Motorola in English by searching for Motofone F3 manual. It is the fifth link down.

No camera, no web, no MP3, but great battery life, and fits easily in your pocket.  I take this phone when I can leave the BlackBerry at home.  Plus I didn't give the boss the number...

its not what i expected..i don't like it..it looks like it would be good, but in person, its not all that good..shouldn't put stuff online to make them look so good so people can purchase it..but it really isn't all that good..it should be refundable..

It is small but the user interface is really bad. If you text at all, you will hate it. I would not recommend, not even if it is free.

Great just for call and SMSThe battery runs for 2-3 days - smallOne can fit it in any pocket.It did not come to me unlocked.

This is a simple phone that did exactly what I need it to....turn on and off allow me to make and receive calls while my phone was out of service.  Because it is unlocked, i can also share it with family in the event they need a temporary solution to stay in touch!  Appreciate having it!

My wife put her razor through the washer after we just started a 2 year contract with at&t.  I gave her my razor (also new contract) and bought this one.  This was the cheapest unlocked phone I could find to replace it and I love it. I am a guy that does not need to text or take pictures and this is perfect.  Long battery life, big buttons, very easy to use.  Plus I travel internationally so this phone is a great deal for 30 bucks since it has gsm.  No complaints, I will never buy another phone again.  This is a great option for getting a new phone that works great without getting stuck in a contract.  Cell phone companies have an oligarchical vice hold on the market.....this cheap unlocked phone is a small way we can fight back.

This phone was a waste of money. All the directions were in Spanish. If you need something that will dial out, this phone can work for you. But, if you occasionally text, would like to see names clearly and have an ease of use: then this phone is NOT for you. Keep your money and get something you would like that has a more user friendly version.

I really don't get people that give this phone a low rating.  Did you do any research before buying it?  If not, that is your fault, not the fault of the product.First the bad, and why I gave it four stars and not five:- I understand that the very nature of the unusual display on this phone prohibits a full set of punctuation in text messages, but it is just plain weird that there is a question mark, a comma, an @ symbol, a hyphen, and a + symbol, but no period.  Maybe I missed something?- This one is what really nocked it down - sometimes when I go from an area of no service to one where I know I get service I need to restart the phone to pick up the signal, or else it takes an unreasonably long time.- There is no easy way to display the date.Instead of saying what this phone doesn't have, I will make a much shorter list and tell you what features it does have:- A very clear, easy to read in any light, monochrome screen.- Super basic text messaging.  No T9, no periods.- A very basic alarm clock.- A phone book that is stored on your sim card.- Dual antennas, which I'm sure helps with the AMAZING reception.- Exceptional battery life.- A very loud and very clear speaker phone.Also, it is very, very, very durable.If it's not in the above list, you should probably assume it does not have it.There is no email, no web browser, no camera, nothing.  It is quite simply a really, really good phone.  As a matter of fact, it is the best phone I've ever had, wireless or otherwise.

I paid a higher price for the new phone and received a used phone instead. The package seal was broken, phone not in a protective bag and banging around loose inside the box. The back plate was not on the phone but in a bag. The battery was stuck between the folds of the plastic bag for the plug. Phone button to navigate was dirty. The plastic film protecting the display was creased and faded like someone had taken it off and then put it back on. Keypad was dirty. I requested 2-day shipping because I really needed the phone so I can return the one I am borrowing. Now they say there isn't any in stock and may have to wait a couple of weeks. Hopefully the replacement will be a new phone. Extremely disappointed.

The problem with this phone is not with the phone itself, but with the definition of the word "phone". The word phone is now synonymous with "hand-held multimedia device", and though the two are vastly separate, the respective qualities of one are usually judged on its abilities as the other.Let's get this out of the way first: if you send more SMS texts then you have phone conversations, if you want streaming video, satellite radio, web-browsing, an MP3 player, and a flashlight... this is not the phone for you. You're not looking for a phone, you're looking for a multimedia device. Adjust your search accordingly.If, however, you are looking for a well-engineered device that performs the functions of a phone (with some extra trappings) without the clog of nested menus and useless features, this is the device for you.Call quality and reception are excellent. I receive multiple bars where previously I had none. Voices are crisp, and there is no static on either side of the call. The speakerphone is loud, and the mic sensitive enough that callers can't tell when I switch to the speaker.This devices still retains the most useful of phone extras:-phone book-SMS texts-date/time-alarm-speakerphonePhone operation is rewritten from the ground up. There are no shortcut keys, because actions by default are not difficult to access. Every feature is available immediately. Dealing with texts is even simpler. The phone displays each text in the order received, and at the end of each message you have the option to delete it. No complex memory management requiring nested menus to navigate. There are dedicated speakerphone and phone book buttons, and even a voice-prompt for those learning the new display. The only requirement regarding the interface is that the user unlearn what they previously knew about operating a phone.I would highly recommend this phone to anybody seeking a low-cost, high-performance phone. I would also recommend this phone to the elderly or tech-deficient, due to the ease of use and easily readable display.

This phone is perfect for me. I tend to loose/destroy phones and at twenty bucks, it's not a heart breaker when I have to buy a replacement. All I use my phone for is talking so the lack of photos, video and internet is not a concern. I rarely have any signal issues with this phone, it's super light and compact, the speaker function works great, and the display is easily read in all lighting conditions. Also, if you are planning on switching to a new provider this phone can display a list of networks within range. So you know what providers you can get both at home and at work. The only thing keeping me from giving this phone a 5 star review is the inability to store multiple numbers under one contact. You have to create a contact name for every phone entry. Also, when I do get a rare text message, very few characters are displayed on the screen at once. There's a very useful wikipedia entry for all of the phone's features.

After having difficulty getting a signal with several different sim cards, I discovered this phone is NOT unlocked. With no USB connections, it can't be unlocked with computer software. It's garbage, literally.

It does phone calls and text messages. Nothing else.Great battery life and the most readable screen I have ever used. The only thing that took some getting used to is the single line display of text messages. I actually prefer it now.I'm using it with T-Mobile prepaid in the US. No problems of any kind.Highly recommended.

Great basic phone.  I have had it now for about two weeks and it works as advertised.  Tough no nonsense phone, that will stand up to some abouse.  I am hard on phones and have made this my primary phone.  Found out about this phone from a CNN article on "Zombie Phones" or rather emergency phones.  My old phone had trouble getting a signal and service was ok, this phone always has at least 2-3 bars of service when my other phone had no signal.  Battery life is decent right now it is 5-6 days but I think I can increase that by training the battery by letting run all the way down and then recharging it.  This phone does what was promised.  No bells and whistles, very limited texting ability, but good for making and recieveing calls.  For the price I recommend this to anyone.

I got this phone because I wanted something smaller and lighter than my current phone, which had started having problems with voice clarity.  Since I only rarely used the extra features (mp3, text messages, camera) on my old phone, I wanted something which was focused on just being a phone.  The Motorola MOTOFONE F3 is almost exactly what I wanted.  It's small (almost as thin as an iPod Touch), light, and the quality of voice calls has been very good so far.  The menu system is very different than other cell phones, primarily because of the eInk screen, which has only two lines for text, and a row of icons for the menu.  It can take a little getting used to, but since there are not very many functions, I don't find that to be too big of a deal.  I imagine that reading/writing text messages would be difficult, but that's not what this phone is for... it's just a phone, best used just for voice.  And for that, it works very well.UPDATE:  Since getting this phone, I have started talking on the phone more, and wanted to get a headset for this phone.  I couldn't find one.  The packaging/manual makes it sound like one is available, but I couldn't find out how to get one.  So I upgraded to a recent Samsung... which is good since I am texting more now, too, and using the camera on the Samsung... which is impossible with this phone.  I'm keeping this as a backup, though.

yes it's big number. letter are hard to read old tech. phone, black & white, no color. not easy to use. too much money for the junck.

I've had the Motofone F3 for about 2 months now, and I'm happy with it.  Reception is much better than any of the other phones I've owned - it even gets signal in my office; as of yet, no other cell phones have been able to do this.  Battery life is good, about 5 days.  Call quality is quite good to excellent.  Build quality and size are similarly excellent - it is thin, but it seems robust. I haven't stepped on it, but I've dropped it plenty and/or sat on it, placed heavy items on it, etc.Texting is bad - you can only see 6 characters at a time - so I've mostly stopped texting people.  I just call them.  Much quicker to call anyway. In this vein the user interface is simple, so no distractions from your cell phone, but that's ok, since it's easy to get the phone to do what you want it to.  (make calls, set alarm).

I bought this phone one month ago because I needed a simple cell phone.  However, I received a big surprise when I discovered the phone was locked. Until today, I haven't used my phone because I couldn't unlocked it.

My original phones' signal reception was much better. I was not able to make any call using this F3 phone. I guess it will work only if signal quality is very good. Keypad was getting hung many times - which made me reboot it very often resulting in losing previous settings (date/time). Looks like 10 years old technology or may be my phone piece was just faulty.

holy wow. this phone came in a can. the manual was in spanish. my first thought was that this was some sort of boot leg toy made in china and sold to vulnerable mexicans. then smuggled to the US via some NAFTA loophole. I was sad. This was my 5th phone in 3 years.I've lost phones and broken phones and was sick of throwing away the money.So i made the thirty dollar investment. After averaging it out, I am saving a decent amount of money:5 phones over 3 years = A new phone about every seven months2 free phones plus three purchased phones = almost $7005 phones over 3 years = $260 per yearif this phone lasts me seven months (which is my average thus far), I will have to buy another one before the year is up. But that has me spending $60, which is $200 less than I was spending.So what has this $200 per year savings resulted in? Well, a lot of sacrifices.For one, this phone is just about as advanced as an alarm clock. And looks like an alarm clock. no camera, no fancy ringtones, no games... just a basic digital display. It's thin and light weight, but they make toy phones filled with candy more sturdy feeling than this guy.So far, it's worked quite well, honestly. The limited display can't differentiate between capital and lower case letters, and it may take you a little bit to figure the whole thing out (spanish-only manual)... but if you are as tough on phones as i am, it might be a good choice.  I looked up extra durable phones before settling on this one, and realized thriftiness is my best option. considering i broke several, but also lost some, i would be especially cranky if i invested money in a phone that could withstand a 500 mph crash into cement, only to forget it in a bathroom stall.this phone is great or horrible, depending on what you're looking for. if you like novelty, it can make a great conversation starter. if you have standards, you might be disappointed. but if you have standards, you should want to spend more than $35

I was hesitant to order this phone after reading all the negative reviews, but I will be traveling internationally for a month and wanted a simple phone to take with me. I don't plan to use it internationally (mostly for connecting with people at airports in the states) but like the fact that it is an option.My phone arrived unlocked and immediately worked after inserting my SIM (with adapter since I have an iPhone).I didnt find the phone to be more flimsy than other comparable phones. Also, I have not done extensive testing, but in my apartment in downtown LA this phone consistently has a stronger signal than my iPhone, evidence that sometimes fancy and expensive does not mean better in every aspect...

I got this phone to use while in Europe ( haven't yet used it). Looks like it does what is expected for the price.  The only complaint I have so far is that it does not have English version of users guide. And I'm not too keen in Spanish.

CRAP!SUPER DUPER GREAT PRODUCT, GO FOR GOLD, YOU'RE IN IT TO WIN THIS IS IT AND DO IT WELL BUY THIS ITEM! 19 WORDS TO FILL THE REVIEW WOOT! WOOT!

I was so embarassed to use this phone.  Don't buy!!!  Screen is actually made of paper.  Worse phone on the market.  Avoid at all costs.

This is a very slim cheap phone with a fixed LCD display. It cannot display photos.  Text is very large so text message will require alot of scrolling.I bought this to replace a stolen motorola RAZR which I very much liked.  I needed a cheap one until I could determine if I wanted an iphone or google phone.Note there is a tone every minute during a call so you know how long your call is.  If you are on a plan with very limited minutes, this can be handy.  Otherwise you will want to google around to find the code to shut that off.You will also want to find the documentation on how to lock the keypad.  Otherwise keys will be pressed which will turn on the backlight and use up the battery while it is in your pocket.The connector for the charger is proprietary, not the handy mini-USB that we've all grown to love.Summary: if you need cheap with no contract, this will do just fine.  If you want other features, try motorola's website (or any other vendor) for no contract phones.

This is Motorola's phone designed for emerging markets.  A great value for the price, it's a durable, reliable phone, but it doesn't do much else.  I bought this to ride out the last two months in my AT&T; contract, and it has worked fine.I would rate at at 4 stars FOR THIS PRICE POINT.  At the price, my only real complaints are that I would like more characters on the screen and would like better support for handsfree.Pros:1) Price:  You will not be able to find an unlocked phone anywhere near this price.  If you did, it wouldn't be nearly as good at what it does.2) Durability: This phone is tough.  Not many moving parts, no fancy operating system, solid integrated keys.3) Phone: It makes phone calls well.  The sound is good, the reception is good, the speakerphone is good.  Its alarm and clock functions are fine, its internal phonebook is weak but functional, and it can text in an emergency.4) Minimalism:  There is a certain sexy minimalism about a sleek black phone that doesn't do *anything* except make phone calls.Cons:1) Texting and phonebook are weak.  The phone's display is "e-ink", and is limited to 2 lines of 6 characters at a time. (It looks like you are reading a calculator).  If you don't mind scrolling through 12 letters at a time, it's possible to text, but it's not easy.  I wouldn't use this phone to send or receive texts except in an emergency.  Similarly, there is a basic phonebook, but once you store more than a few dozen numbers, it's hard to get much use out of it.2) Handsfree is limited.  The speakerphone is great.  Unfortunately, without bluetooth, you can't use wireless headsets, and even wireline headsets are hard to find because of the custom combination headphone/power jack.3) No other features.  No GPS.  No graphics.  No games.  No videos, MP3s, ringtone downloads, camera, or any of the other doodads we take for granted.Tips:1) Some people have complained that their phone won't activate touchtone menus.  My phone will activate touch-tone menus, but only in speakerphone mode.  When I'm not in speakerphone, menus won't recognize my tones.2) The documentation is minimal.  If you google, Motorola has a much better manual available for download, and there are also a number of unpublished programming codes.Update: According to exhaustive googling, the touch-tone problem can be fixed, temporarily, by pulling the battery for 10 seconds to reset the basic settings.  This has worked for me - from time to time, touch-tone stops working on automated menus.  Pulling the battery and resetting the phone gets it working again, at least for a while.

if you know what you're getting into with this phone then you should be happy with it. the battery is excellent, if you are using it outdoors the e-ink display is perfect. speaker is loud as is the earpiece and the ringer volume could wake the dead! menu is simple to use.only major con for me is that it's only a 2g phone and AT&T; is putting more money, effort and time into their 3g calling network. so coverage is going to shrink and get less reliable over time with these older phones!

I got this after my wife washed her RAZR in the laundry. I use Unicel in Maine and it was as simple as putting in the SIM card and charging it. A good cheap reliable no frills phone for the money. Very small and light, even thinner than my Motorola L6.

I've had the Motofone for about a year as my sole work and home phone. I'm a telecommuter and on the phone a lot - and that's an understatement: last month's bill was 4,500 minutes. This is The Phone for that kind of usage:- Loud, clear sound- Even on speakerphone - better than our office phones- Lays flat on a desk - perfect for dialing passcodes while on speaker- Very strong battery life- Dual antennas that pull signal where iPhones and Blackberries cannot.- Plays well with T-Mobile.- Pretty much drop-proof (so far)- And tiny: A little longer than a credit card, but Hershey-bar flatThe downside is that this phone lacks every other conceivable feature. Texting feels like telegraphing. No music, no web, no contact lists (just phone numbers on the SIM card itself) and an internal non-network clock that seems to lose 5 minutes a day.But again, the sound is absolutely perfect.

This phone is a basic communication device that works exactly as described in the product review. Slightly larger in size than my ipod nano. Call quality is very good. It has robust battery life. Voice mail can be set up with your cell phone service provider. The clock loses about a minute per day. English language version of owners manual can be downloaded from Motorola website. A travel charger (wall outlet) comes with the phone. A car charger was difficut to find because of the unique connector tip required for the round input jack (not USB), but is available for this specific phone on the Amazon UK website : [Amazon.co.uk]. With my prepaid plan it is costing about $ 9.00 per month to operate this phone. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a low cost, good quality, basic cell phone.

Great phone.  Call quality great, like plugged into the wall.  Pencil thin and light.  Incredible value. Really like and highly recommend.

It is a phone and it does work. Has the habit of losing contact with the SIM card, which will require you to remove battery and go thru the time and language set-up all over again. Besides that it works well and does what you expect.

When i bought this phone i did not expect much except a phone that would answer calls and could make them.  I found out that this was not a good phone for that.  I was replacing a some what broken 2nd Gen Razr by Moto.  That phone even somewhat broken got better service then this phone so i have already switched back to the Razr, I used the phone for about 2 weeks before i gave up because i was droping calls which never happened with my razr.  The calls were being made in the same areas so i expected the same signal strength but i have not gotten that.

I bought this phone thinking I would not mind the simplicity, seeing as all I ever use my phone for is calls, texting, and an alarm....However, after the first 10 mins of trying to set it up I was so annoyed that I decided to buy another phone.The display of the characters is so large, scrolling through your phonebook and text messaging/reading is impossibly annoying. Added to this, the navigation is extremely cumbersome due to it's primitive screen. Waste of money for me. This phone makes calls. Do not expect it to be very useful for anything else.

This is really a cheap phone!  Spend some extra money, but don't buy this one.  I only used it for a week before I decided to throw it away.  Yes, it's just money wasted if you decide to buy it.  This phone makes you feel like gooing back in time, at least 10 years ago, compared to a common and simple Motorolla Razor phone! There are just too many bad things that can be said about it, that it's not worth writing them all out here.  So please just take my word for it; you are better off with the phone you have, even if it's all broken or a few years old...

This isn't an unlocked phone.  It costs money to unlock it.  If I had known, I would't have bought it.After I paid to unlock it I still wasn't satisfied.  It couldn't import all the numbers from my old card correctly.  I tried to type in my address book manually but that didn't work correctly either.  The phone looks really nice.  I wish it wasn't buggy and that it had been advertised correctly.

I guess that i am rough on cell phones (6+ in the last 2 yrs) so I got this one as a disposable and thats what it is. It is obviously no frills and the "frills" it does have are pretty glitchy. It shuts down for no apparent reason and when it does, the time and date have to be reset. Not very often, but still a hassle. The menu is difficult to navigate as is the phone book. The battery does not last nearly as long as advertised and I must charge at least every other night.on the other hand, it does have decent reception and call quality. the sleek design fits nicely in a pocket but is cheaply executed. over all, I probably won't buy another on when this one dies..

When I received the phone in the mail I thought I was being `Punk'd'! The logo on the box said 'Amigo' and all other verbiage was in Spanish too.  I then opened the box to find a phone that could be sold in a gum ball machine, I instantly started laughing an thought well it was less than $30 what more could I expect. Well I certainly expected to receive the manual in ENGLISH instead; the ENTIRE manual was in Spanish :(  I had to go online and find a site that I could download an English version. In the end that was a waste of time because the phone is very wacky the menus are limited and confusing, there is NO COLOR at all and to top it all off I purchased this phone specifically for use in Jamaica and guess what folks, it was NOT UNLOCKED!  I had to pay to have it unlocked ($20 US) and when I did, it still wouldn't work with a Digicel chip.  In total a phone that should have cost $.50, cost me $50.  Motorola really disappointed me with this one! :(

I bought this phone as a temporary replacement for my previous phone which died in anticipation for the g3 iPhone releasing in June 08.I urge people to spend a little more for a better phone and to pass on this piece of garbage.Upon first glance, the phone is sleek, sexy, and simple.  It's also very thin.  However, after getting my hands on it, the user interactions on the phone is awkward and frustrating.  The menu can be confusing and take a while of getting used to.  Also annoying is that the display can only show 6 numbers or characters at a time.  Checking your call history is a pain and not worth the effort.Because of how awkward the navigation is and limitations of the display, I carry a small notebook with all of my contacts in it.  It is much faster to look up and dial number from my contact book than it is to try and navigate and use the contact list in the phone.Also, for a simple phone, the battery life is horrible. I have to charge the phone every 3 days.  I had a Nokia N-Gage QD that could last a week on a full charge.Another thing that is annoying is that when I receive a call, the first 3 rings are at very low volume and barely audible and does not ring at full volume until the 4th ring.  I basically have 2 "audible" rings to answer before it kicks the caller to voicemail.About the only thing this phone is good for is to dial phone calls and maybe keep 2 or 3 emergency numbers stored.  Save yourself the grief and frustration and spend a little more with a more intuitive interface and better display.

Did not work when my daughter arrived in Paris for her summer school semester.  Very disappointing! Should we have known this based on the information provided??  I don't know......but I would not purchase a phone via amazon.com again.  Go to a phone store where maybe you will purchase the correct thing.  Now I am stuck with this phone because she won't be home within the allotted return time!  Very frustrating!

This phone is great for when I am heading out to the bar or somewhere. I dont have to lug my company Blackberry around that I cant fit in my pocket. The call quality is the best I have heard on a phone and the signal strength is great (better than my Blackberry). No dropped calls yet! Dont expect to text much or listen to music on this phone but it functions great for what I need it for. Theres not many characters that can fit on the screen so you have to scroll over a lot to read a full text message. Its the thinnest phone made I think though and forget I even have it in my pocket when I am out and about. Great phone for a backup too!

The Cell is not what i expected, i would recommend expending more money if you want something decent and cheap. The phone is way too simple for me is hard to use it. No graphics :( but overall the service was great ;)

I bought this phone for my husband who is very active outdoors and this phone is perfect for him.  It is virtually indestructible. I like it because I am visually impaired and can read the screen easily.  It is a very basic phone for people who just need a phone and do not text very much.  Perfect for Senior people who are  unskilled with modern technology and/or visually impaired.Motorola F3 Unlocked GSM Cell Phone - Black

Very disappointed with the purchase, the cell was damaged. I bought it because it was unlocked for use overseas and when I got to go and use it, it could be never put to work, it was damaged. Since this is a cheap phone, it was more expensive to return it than to loose the money, which I did. I ended up loosing the money with no cell, what a good business!!

I'm glad i didn't pay much attention to the reviews saying they got a locked phone. i ordered this from unlockedcellphonekings here on amazon monday night after my samsung died and the t-mobile guy at the mall was telling me to buy a new phone because i don't bet an upgrade till may. I wasn't expecting to get this till monday but it got here 2 days later.Anyway, it came with a little quick user guide that was in english and i charged it up that night and it was ready to use. So far my call quality is better than my old phone....wierd. i was expecting crappy call quality but what you know! it was easy to program (there are lots of program codes online for this fon including if you want your id blocked and what not). i inserted the sim wrong and it kept saying no sim with the blinking x so i called t-mobile and after the customer service took the mobile id number, She said the phone should be ready to use. Of course i realized the gold plated end of the sim goes in last, the clear part goes in the slot first. Battery life seems good for now. i dropped it in the gym and somewhere else and it still works great. the little user guide was helpful in terms of knowing how to send text messages, know how to find the last numbers dialed and what not.Once the sim is inserted right and the phone is turned on, you should have a voice telling you to press 3 for english.From what i know, phone numbers have to be saved to the sim since this phone doesn't have any memory. only one number can be saved per name. it started on vibrate but after toying with it, i managed to change the ringtone.For the $24.xx i paid total, this beats paying $6 per month for insurance on a phone. i miss the color display but i think i'm getting used to this. it doesn't have a camera but then again i never sent pix mssg, only received. so long as i can make calls and send text messages, i'm fine.Another thing that might turn ppl off with this phone is the way the letters show up on the screen when you text.If you ask me, this phone is a good buy.It's thin and it beats paying $80+ for the cheapest t-mobile phone.For the record, i have t-mobile service and i had no problems getting this phone to work. This phone isn't a blackberry or an ipod. it's a cheap phone that can make calls and text messages, that's it. it has an alarm clock that works and a few little things but don't expect mp3 and what nots.

Just what was needed when I lost a phone. It is easy to set up if you have a little time. But not so easy for the less technically inclined. It's a little cluncky and not intuitive for those that want everything to work exactly like the phone they were used to. But for the price, a good phone to have in the drawer and tell the kids not to loose their phone or they'll have to use this one.

useless cheap phone. too basic. not worth the price. Don't be fooled by it's look. It's a piece of gabbage.

Inexpensive, flexible (not locked to any carrier), and functional.  If you're looking for a backup GSM phone, or an inexpensive way to get an "emergency-only" cellphone for someone, look no further.  If you're shopping for a primary phone for yourself and don't need all those frilly MP3 and camera and data features that just tack on cost, this is the phone for you.I purchased one for my brother who still doesn't have a cellphone, just for emergencies.  We set him up with a prepaid account on one of the two major American GSM carriers, with $100 credit so that the phone will last for a year before he needs to worry about "recharging" it (the one scam with prepaid phones, if you're not going to be using it much -- you need to put more cash on the account every N months or it expires; typically N=3, but currently N=12 if you put enough on at once.  This is a flaw with the carriers, not this particular phone).  We opted to get this phone, rather than one of the carrier's phones, because frankly this phone is a much better choice for the expected use than anything offered by the cellular operators themselves.He hasn't gotten it yet as of this review (it IS a Christmas present after all), but I'm in love with the phone enough that I'm tempted to order a second as a backup for my Samsung A747.  It's designed to do a few basic things, and it just works.  Practical design in a cellphone -- who'd have thought?

I am really impressed with this little phone. After taking my Ericsson W300i for a swim, I figured I didn't deserve a phone that cost more than, say, $34, so I took a deep breath and ordered the Motofone. Its everything I hoped it would be. Very simple, straightforward, and elegant even. Yes, the screen is weird, and reading or composing text messages takes some learning, but for the money its hard to complain.Though this phone is not feature-packed, it covers the basics and does everything very intuitively. Want to turn the volume down? Press the down button on the dial. Need a number from the address book? Press the address book symbol and then press the number key that corresponds to the first letter of the entry. You can't do text messages to multiple recipients or make fancy characters with the keypad, but it sounds great, is lightweight, has a vibrate mode, keypad lock, and long battery life. My wife paid $80 for a used unlocked RAZR and we both agree the Motofone is a much better bet.

This phone only abilities are a basic phone call and text message without media. This phone should only be bought for short term not long term use. Its battery life isn't long after charge with talk and stand by time.  This phone is only good for immediate survival use to make a few phone calls and thats it.

phone was simple, and it did appear to work.  Did not have cell reception quite a few number of times but that was the carrier/island, not the phone.for the price, cant beat it.

This is by far the most ridiculous phone I've ever used. Save yourself the aggravation and buy something using technology from the last two decades.

Motorola Motofone F3 Unlocked Cell Phone--International Version with No Warranty (Black)this phone works good as alarm clock, this is about it, i have purcheased this phone as International Version but is it not, please change the name it is only US version and for me it is no good.

Inexpensive and basic. That's exactly what I needed -- being a gift for someone who is highly anti-technology ! Good buy.

It was one of the worst purchase I had ever made. This was a complete rip-off. I had seen this phone before and expecting the same phone but the one I received in the mail was nothing but a piece of plastic and it's definitely not the original phone that you could buy from At&T. This is a duplicate phone perhaps imported from China or Mexico. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. It's described as: Motorola Motofone F3 Unlocked Cell Phone--International Version with No Warranty (Black)by Motorola. But I guarantee you this is not from Motoralla.

This is the coolest phone in my dresser drawer. I have several of them. And I even picked up one for European networks. It's hard to find but you still can get them new. It's dubbed &#34;The zombie apocalypse survive phone&#34; for its durability and long battery life. I have a drawer full of phones but this is the one I always use.  Works great on prepaid SIM cards. Just be careful when you insert the card. The little pins that hold the card in place can break off easily.

HORRIBLE PHONE STAY AWAY FROM IT.  COULDN'T EVEN SAVE YOU IN AN EMERGENCY!!!!!!! I WAS SO AGGRAVATED I THREW IT IN THE GARBAGE.  IT IS SO CHEAP.  I WAS BETTER OFF GETTING MY SON HIS REPLACEMENT PHONE FROM GO PHONE AT&T ...IT WAS CHEAPER AND BETTER QUALITY!

Just a plain basic phone.The e-paper feel of the screen is so awesome.

This phone was so basic, it was little more than a thin calculator. The manual was all in Spanish and some of the menu options on the phone itself were too. Couldn't distinguish between lower and uppercase and just a general dirt-cheap phone. Would never recommend to anyone.

The Phone came on time , Good, But there should be a law that states that the amount of packaging that goes arround a product should not be too much. I am sure we can leave a smaller carbon footprint by using smaller cartons.Bad PointsThe phone is a basic phone, ot too amny functions or capabalities to expand the phoneGood Pointsand ,very lightcheap

The phone that is labeled as international version is not working internationally. I sent the phone to my mother in Africa and it can not even identify a sim card.I called and said I have no any packaging materials with me and I want to return it but I received very discouraging answers. This is not my faulty. The problem is advertising things that do not work. I am seriously bored

I was very disappointed, and returned the product.My F3 was delivered locked to TIGO, and set in the Spanish interface mode.It was not unlocked, as claimed in the description.I tried it with two different known good SIMs that worked in other Motorola phones, from ATT and GO.Despite the best efforts of Amazon online cell phone people, Radio Shack cell techs, and online Motorola cell phone people, we could not figure out how to do a master reset, or to unlock it, or even to reset the interface language to English.Totally a bad experience and a waste of time.

I just received my Motofone F3 today, for those that get one of these your going to run up against a lot of problems if you don't have an activated T-mobile sim. At first, I had many problems with the F3 because the phone restricts most functions when you have an unsupported sim or no sim at all. Infact if you'd like to change the speaking from Spanish to English you need to use an activated T-mobile sim to even get to that setting screen. Originally I used a Tracfone sim because I have like $100 into my account and the sim card is %100 not compatable with the motofone :(The web is very little help when it comes to error codes or even telling you simple things like when you see a blinking X in the upper right corner your getting an error because of you having an invalid sim, you must have a valid sim to enter number codes or to get rid of the blinking X. Again the blinking X happens when you try to press number buttons without a valid sim". Program codes are in the ENGLISH manual that can be found here:[...]If you get a "NO SIM" message with a "3-070" right below it then you have an invalid sim.I was on tech support today and was told there is physically no difference between an international motofone and one intended for the US, They all have Quad bands built right into them. Also tech support stated AT&T; and cingular might work with the phone too, but others like Tracfone or NET10 do not!There are many comments about the visibility in direct sunlight, but very little about dark nights. If you have moonlight or some kind of lit up sky you will be able to read the screen at night from arms distance without using the backlight. I do not know if the backlight can be switched off but it drains the battery noticeably and is always on.The alarm clock is very easy to use, in fact it and the clock is the only thing you fiddle around with when you don't have a sim card. The alarm is really kind of cool sounding and starts out very low with a short vibrate, and the volume progressively increases every 2 seconds or so.The phones battery does not seem to last more then a day if you fiddle around with it like every 5 mins or so.The phone is slimmer then its Tracfone look-alike and it is wider too.If you don't have T-mobile service you can order a sim kit on ebay for under $25.If you don't have T-mobile and have ordered the ebay sim kit and want to change the phone speaking to english while your waiting for your sim to come in the mail, all you have to do is borrow your friends T-mobile sim and install it into the motofone, you will then be asked which language you want to set, 1 or 2 or 3. 3 should be english. This setting is remembered even if you pull your buddies sim card out or remove the battery.Overall, its a damn good phone, I've had it a day now and dropped it already, the phone still works great. Remember to post your comments on whether or not AT$T works or others work on this. I %100 positively can tell you that Tmobile works on the international phone, and Tracfone or NET10 doesn't.

well i orderd this phone for my girlfriend its a nice phone but it doesnt have all the bells and whistles but overall an ok phone the thing i didnt like is that they sent me a defaulty phone first on accident but then they sent me another so im not to worried anymore

I just received this phone yesterday, and I am very happy with it so far. The phone is actually better than I expected for the price. The important thing to remember is that it is a phone, and a very cool phone at that. It is extremely thin and definately has a "wow" factor. My phone arrived with english as the default language, and an english manual. I have read that many people received this phone with spanish manuals. The phone did look like it was repacked, but no damage at all. I use AT&T in the New York area, and phone picked up the time and all my contacts when the sim was inserted after a few seconds. The message indicators work fine when I get a text message or voicemail, though there is no message tone, only an icon on screen. The ringers and speakerphone are loud and clear, and call quality so far is great. I really like the screen. In standby mode the time is so easy to see in any light. I think the important thing is to realize it is a phone. It is not for texting or internet.

The battery did not last even an hour with each charge. However thanks to Amazon's easy return policy. I was refunded the amount.

It is not really unlocked. At least for my order. I brought this one to T-mobil, ATT and Sprint storys, the sales said this one is not unlocked at all.Can not find the seller and any contact information.Too bad, waste $40.Motorola Motofone F3 Unlocked Cell Phone--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

I bought this phone to use in Italy. It did not work.After I returned I provided a review. People correctly pointed out, I bought the wrong version. Beware of the "International Version" in the title. This phone will not work in Europe.Otherwise the phone did work in the US. Just don't expect to use it for texting.

Do not by it. It does not work well. It is difficult to operate it. There are much better phones to buy at a low price.

Ok, I live in an English speaking country, bought the phone from an website written in English, the item description was in English, but the phone and the manual were in a foreign language.  I turned the phone on, and it started talking to me, but I couldn't understand a single word.  I was not able to find a way to change it to English.  If the phone is in some other language, at the very least the description should be in that language.

We take cheap phones as our kids are of age where they spoil all phones. Our only requirement is clear voice, VM and call log at low price which we got. Only issue is that it is not sturdy as Nokia phone.The manual was in Spanish which didn't concern as everything is intuitive enough and I got English manual online. The phone wasn't locked and I put in SIM card from old phone. Charged battery for 2 hours and started it. The screen does look like console of video game of 80s, but it does its job and the volume is loud and clear.It also seems to have few other features which is more than what I expected. Let's see how long it lasts. Though I would not regret if kids decide to wash this cellphone too.

This is a great phone for the basics of a cell phone such as sound quality on both ends and battery life.  It does not offer any extras but that is fine with me.  The only problem is that the touch-tone does not work.  It cannot be used as a touch-tone phone and many services needed require this such as voice mail, calling cards and others.

I was unable to return this phone without a larger fee.  It also came in Spanish without a user manual.

A very basic phone that unfortunately lacks too many features that prove difficult to give up in 2012. It would be an ideal gift for a luddite grandparent, anyone with visual and/or hearing impairments, or anyone who has a difficult time getting a decent signal in their area. It's a superb telephone, but aside from being very good at making and receiving calls (the best I've used) there is little else the phone can do. No calculator, limited punctuation and character options for texting (no periods or capitals), no obvious way to view the current date (other than going into the menu to change it) and certainly no way to have the date displayed below the time contrary to what  you see in every Motorola marketing photo. If you happen to receive a text message containing a picture the phone would not be able to show you the picture simply due to the screen design, but it takes this a step further by somehow decimating the picture message so the message (and who sent it) isn't viewable on any other phone either. What's equally aggravating about this is that the Motofone can't erase those broken messages so the "new message" indicator is stuck on. You have to erase them by putting the SIM card (which stores the messages and contact info) into another cell phone and deleting them there.The e-paper display is truly awesome, perfectly readable in any light, and looking somewhat like a calculator display. The phone itself is incredibly lightweight compared to the modern monstrosities, I frequently had to stick my hand in my pocket to make sure I actually had it with me. It's not terribly big, although somewhat larger than I expected. It's probably just big enough that there's a reduced likelihood of losing it. It appears that it should be relatively spill proof. Reception has proven to be exceptional in my house, unlike 5 previous phones from 4 different carriers that could never get any signal whatsoever even outside my home. The phone almost always shows a full signal inside, which is amazing. The battery level indicator drops to about half after a 60 minute call, but I haven't used the phone enough to know if that actually did drain half of the battery. And it is a six year old battery that has presumably never been used since it was manufactured, so take that with a grain of salt. The sound quality is quite clear, and approaches deafening at the upper volumes, the same is true of the speaker phone. The phone can be set up to give voice prompts through the speaker for navigating the menu. The one odd thing about this is that the prompts only becomes audible on the second or third voice prompt, like it's gradually working itself up to full volume. A minor annoyance, and only if you need the prompts, and it seems to be a quirk that a number of other reviews have mentioned.The more I use it the more it's grown on me. It's just a matter of forgetting all the things I've come to expect of a modern cell phone and resigning myself to the fact that it's nothing more than a damn good portable telephone.My phone was purchased through Amazon from L&R; Express for $49.99 + $4.99 for shipping. It arrived very quick, and looked to be brand new with all the packaging factory sealed and the protective film still on the screen. Pretty cool for a phone that hasn't been made in 6 years!

First, Ignore the comments from people complaining about the lack of features - that is EXACTLY what makes this phone different.  If you wanted a phone with a camera [that takes bad pictures], an MP3 player [with bad quality sound], a PDA [with crippled keyboard/software] or a GPS receiver [that takes forever to lock and eats batteries], then you should have known this isn't for you.  You would ignore anyone that would buy a minivan and then complain that it isn't a race car and you should also ignore anyone that buys this phone and then complains about what is missing.And almost everything IS missing.  It's a phone - a very good phone. An unpretentious device to make/receive calls and it does this better than probably 99% of the phones you can buy today.  It has great sound quality, a very large and easy to read display, and remarkable battery life.  If you need to send/receive text messages, it can do that, but the large display makes this a capability for occasional use only.For those of us accustomed to nested menus and linked feature lists, operating the phone  is almost too simple and most people trip themselves up in the beginning because they expect it be more complicated than it is.It will make a phone connection when other phones can't find the signal and it will hold on to the signal much better than any of the 'full featured' phones I've owned.  You can read it at night and in the noon day sun.  You can hear it in a car with the windows down.  You use it for a week without needing a recharger.(4 and a half hours of talk time and nearly two weeks of standby time).For what it is - you can't find a better value.  If you want a cell phone that will do everything but wipe your, uh, nose [but do it poorly], then you really shouldn't expect to get that from a phone that costs $33 outright without contract (and you know it...)The English Manual is available online and it is small because there isn't much to explain.To get it to ring (louder), simply push the UP button on the large, round rocker switch in the middle.  To ring quieter, or go into vibrate mode, simply pus the Down button until it vibrates.It IS a great device and a great value for making voice calls.

It's refurbished, as far as I can tell. The phone I received has one side bowed out. I tried glue but it's still a little messed up. The battery appeared to be new. According to the manual it is the kind you have to charge for 8+ hours before you try using the phone..It works OK so far. Volume is good, easy to read, etc.

we did resive this phone early and it is a good looking phone but no were does it say the phone has no english on the phone or in the directions, we took it to our phone company and she couldnt understand how to activate the phone. This phone is perfect for some one who does peak spanish!!!

I bought this on a whim. My dad's cell phone has a big crack in the screen so I figured I would upgrade him into something new. He's not a big gadget guy so there was no need for features like a camera or bluetooth or even a color screen for that matter.When I received the box I was a little shocked. First thing I noticed is the manual was in Spanish. This wasn't a big deal to me. I searched the web and found an English manual to download. This could really annoy others expecting a better out of box experience. The next thing that caught me off guard was the default language; it was also Spanish. Again, no biggie because the phone "speaks" to you when you power it up and asks you what language you want to select. Pressing "3" sets the language to English and you're set.Once powered on you can choose to keep the phone in "Voice Guidance" mode. This is actually a really user-friendly feature. After you push the Menu button (located to the left of the navigation pad) you can navigate through menu items with the pad and the voice tells you what menu item you are on. This totally makes up for the B/W screen and lackluster icons.Overall this is a great entry-level or emergency phone. The call quality rivals any phone I've used. Volume was loud and clarity was near-perfect.Pros:- Great signal strength- Crystal clear calling- Solid battery life- Slim profile looks more sophisticated than it really is- Speakerphone (press Menu button twice when on a call)- Voice guidanceCons:- Spanish manual and default language- Low-res, monochrome LCD screen (See customer images)- No modern bells or whistles- Kinda plasticky feeling- Not for TextersFor the price (Sub-$40) this can't be beat. Just make sure you know what you are getting into before you buy it.Only 4-stars due to the whole Spanish manual/language thing.

I've had the Motorola F3 for about a month now, and I cannot imagine a more perfect phone for me. It does all the things a phone should do, and it does them very well: (1.) Strong Signal (2.) Long battery life (under my "normal" use, ie about five short calls per day, a single charge lasted me seven days--AMAZING!) (3.) Small and light, I hardly notice it's in my hip pocket (4.) Sturdy and durable, solid as a rock (5.) Easy to use and read: the e-ink display is as easy to read as ink on paper, even in direct sunlight.In the US, make sure you get the GSM 850/1900 version, which will work with AT&T;/Cingular and with T-Mobile. I have AT&T.; I transferred my contacts onto my SIM card on my old phone, put the SIM into the F3, and it worked instantly. The only drawback with AT&T; is that the cell towers don't correctly notify the phone that you have a voicemail waiting, so you don't get an icon to warn you about voice-mails. It does correctly alert you if you missed a call, though. I hope AT&T; adds official "support" for this phone in the future so that my voicemail icon will work properly. Otherwise works flawlessly.This is a minimalist phone. It can text-message if you need to, but it's a bit difficult to read and type text. It has a loud ringer, a vibrate mode, a loud speaker phone, an address book, and it works well for making phone calls.  That's it. No internet, no camera, no images, no music, no downloaded ringtones. This is the most inexpensive unlocked phone available anywhere, and thank you Motorola for making it such a high-quality product.

The phone works, but it's hard to hear and people complain about the audio quality.

I bought the  phone for my mom who is 68 yrs old she didn't need anything fancy so it works prefect for her needs.

This third world phone is so cool.  I cracked the touchscreen on my SciPhone and needed a cheap fix.  Google and multiple reviews later I was sold and ordered this gem up for 23 bucks.  The first thing I noticed upon unboxing was the high quality design.  The keypad is sealed against dust and liquid and the unit feels like it has a spring inside.  It's built solid, very thin and light.  The battery life is nice too.Calls are crystal clear and I get great reception.  The texting option is crap, but if you're a talker then it's not a big deal.  The menu system was designed for the illiterate and will talk you through each menu command.  This can be turned off though.  The  interface is intuitive and bright.  The phone book is different and slightly annoying.  You must cycle though using the down button.  There are 2 digit shortcut numbers for each entry, making it easy to quick ref 10-15 entries.  There is not a way to search alphabetically.  There are codes available around the net that let you toggle on/off various features of the phone.  Command line features might not be for everyone.  The menu system is VERY basic.This is probably the most well made phone I've ever owned.  And it was cheap.  For those who like to talk on their phone, this is the phone for you.  Great as a backup or work phone, so I even purchased a second unit!GOOD:-outstanding build quality-excellent voice/speaker-single alarm-7 ringtones-intuitive interface-e-paper monochrome screen-great battery life-excellent reception-feels good in your hand-thin & light-hold "1" for voicemail with AT&T;BAD:-no internet, mp3s, mem cards, movies, camera, radio, games, etc.-painful texting experience-phonebook index by number

Light weight design and rigid buttons make this phone too much like a toy than a phone. You could probably pick up a prepaid one from your local retailer that can do a better job at a lower price.

This phone is a simple basic phone.  No features just a phone.  It does let you store phone numbers and does text message but the display shows some characters upper case and some lower case - you can't specify.  It's not simple to read.  The display shows up good and the more ambient light the better it looks (bright sunlight fantastic - not like most phones which you can't see in bright sunlight)  If you need just a basic phone this is the one for you.  Battery life is great.

This comodity was not as I expected, how'er I'd already purchased it and so I'll make the best of it.

worst cell phone I have seen!!  worst.  It is failed that I bought it. It is worth $10 rather than $40.

Who would have thought one of these cell phone companies could actually make a "cheap" phone?  Well this phone is great.. It lacks all the great bells and whistles... but it works... Good Job Moto!!!

I wanted to love this phone but it was not to be. First of all, the phone is pretty much as advertised. It is very basic, easy to use and physically small. It looks to be rugged and will most likely stand up to hard use. All the features (not many, I realize) are easily accessible. The sound quality and speaker phone are excellent. In summary, it's a no-nonsense phone for people who only want to make/receive calls and send/receive the occasional text message.Now the bad. In 2.5 months of use, the phone dropped many calls. Sometimes, the phone does not ring during incoming calls and the caller is sent straight to the voice mailbox. In those cases, due to a glitch with AT&T;, there is nothing displayed on the phone to signify that a call was missed or a voice mail is waiting for you. You have no clue unless you call your voice mail so you must do this quite regularly to check for missed voice mails. I realize this may be a glitch with AT&T; and may not apply to other carriers.Sometimes, calling the phone returns a message that service is temporarily unavailable in that area. I have no idea if this is the phone's fault but since the phone returns zero bars from time to time and drops calls, I have to assume the problems may be related.One may claim that some of these problems aren't the phone's fault. I can only respond that I have had a Nokia 6061 for years and under the same conditions, it has never dropped a call or exhibited any of these problems, so no matter what is causing the problems, the result is that the Motofone is not as useful or reliable as the Nokia.You may ask, with all these problems, why give it 2 stars? Simply because the design of the phone is unique and a breath of fresh air as compared to other cell phones. I'd gladly buy another such phone if the problems were cleared up and I hope they will be in time.

The combination of this phone with the aki SIM does not work. I don't know if it is the phone, the SIM or both. I didn't get much help from the SIM Company.Update on July 10: It took until July 9 for me to have a chance to find out if the SIM works on another phone. I tested it and it does work.Thus, the item sold by Unlockedcellphonekings is a limon, with the aggravation that the return dead line has long expired...I am making a note of Unlockedcellphonekings to never order anything from them!

*update a few months in*I was quite impressed to find that this phone survived a trip through the washing machine (and a call to it while it was in there).  I opened the back casing--you'll need a tiny torx screwdriver--and left it under a lamp for ~18 hours to dry it out, and it worked just fine afterward.  A pleasant surprise!**I did my research and knew what I was getting--a GSM phone designed for making calls and not for texting or anything else.  It's not clear to me whether I got lucky or whether Amazon has changed their sourcing, but I received a new, English-language, well-packaged box.The pluses, which I was expecting:  it's light, feels relatively sturdy, has easy-to-read screen, good audio and reception quality, and the default vibrate, then graduated ring loudness is very thoughtful.  At least with AT&T; in Atlanta, it also seems to auto-set the time and date when you power it on.  And popping my SIM from my old phone to this unlocked one without involving AT&T; whatsoever was very satisfying.The less good:  battery life is a bit less than I expected, reasonable or not (~5-7 days between charges with &lt;5 minutes of talk per day); same optimistic reception bars (5 bars that magically go to 2 when a call drops) as most other phones; the phone book is pretty hard to navigate, especially when you have a lot of people (say, family) with the same first 7 characters in the phone book, or people with multiple numbers (no way to tag what's office and what's cell, for example).The annoying, because it could easily be different:  the default screen--in contrast with the image that Amazon uses--does not show the date, just the time.  There's no reason it couldn't, there's just nothing there, and no apparent setting to change that.  I didn't realize how often I checked the date using my phone until I couldn't do it.  Ack!For $30-$40, I think it's a pretty decent buy for an unlocked phone without much competition in its segment.

Simple, slim and sleek. features are easy to understand. Now i don't have to flip to use my phone everytime.

This Motorola cellphone looks good but made of cheap materials. Beware of buying this product and  doesn't offer the product warranty. Do no buy this product.

THIS IS THE WORST PHONE THAT I HAVE EVER BROUGHT.  I had it for less then 10 minutes before going online to fill out the return forms. When you receive text messages you can only see one word at a time.  Horrible, Horrible, save yourself the trouble.

Hello,How can I tell which model I have? The European 900/1800 or the Dual-Band GSM 850/1900? Is there an easy way to tell by looking at the phone?Thanks!

I bought this phone cuz my dad need one for like a month. But the phone was HORRIBLE. IT WAS TERRIBILY HORRIBLE! Its the WORST phone out there in the world. In my opinion its not even worth a dollar. Because it just a piece of trash.

I almost didn't buy this phone because of some customers claiming that their phone arrived locked; Luckily mine didn't. I've used the phone for 2 days and so far I LOVE IT. I have used many higher end phones this year, Ive owned an N95 and a BB curve. Both of those phones where great except for the fact that I never used half of the features such as the camera, cell games, or internet. I simply wanted a tough phone with a good speaker made for making calls. If that's what your looking for this is your phone. The main downside for me is that it looks like a toy phone. The screen is col even without the flashy graphics; I like the fact that I can see the screen clear in bright sunlight without a glare.Bottom line the phone is good for making calls, its tough, light weight, and I love it.Oh and just so you know, your friends will make fun of this phone lol

I purchased this on another website for a friend of mine who needed a cell phone without a camera, and without bluetooth due to corporate policy... The phone is not bad, except it does not do predictive text, and the menus aren't the most intuitive.. only has to charge the phone twice a week. Realize this phone was designed for some abuse and in places where electricity avalibility and tempratures/climate may be a problem (it does not use LiON or LiPoly due to the heat hazard (correction some versions of this model DO use a Li based battery). Sometimes it doesn't see incoming voice mails as avalible but other than that its a solid little no-frills well built calling device for GSM.. also the manual is avalible on Moto's website in english.. (its more of an instruction sheet)...

Oh what a POS.  I bought this phone thinking that I would get something simple, reliable, and no hassle.  I got none of that.  Went 0 for 3.The bad:The phone would constantly lose cellular reception, and it would not automatically pick up.  I would have to turn the phone on and off.  This alone gives this phone a 0 out 5 stars.  But that's not all.The letters are blocky, so how do you send and receive text messages?  2 years later, and I'm still haven't found out.Phone constantly needs to have the settings redone.  How many freakin times do I need to tell you what time/date it is?The good:There's not much covering for exterior, so if I put a single shot of BB through it, it'll probably render it unusable, which is a whole lot better than that being "usable" but being a piece of garbage that frustrates.  Not it'll be just a piece of garbage.I haven't explored further into this trash, but if I did, I'd probably find other things to go off on it.  Oh an also, the date format is in Euro/Australian form (whatever, I don't what standard they use, but it's not American).

My wife carries this around, just in case of an emergency.  We use this in a pre-paid plan and this was the cheapest "Phone" we can find.  It did come with an English manual.  We use it with AT&T.;If you are looking toJust to talkLong standby time (almost a week)cheap and Durable phoneVery good sound qualityThin and sleekIts NOT foranything ELSE except a phone.  [ Cam/Video/Games/Web/Walkman/Messaging ]---------------------To access the advanced settings, press * * * [number code] * [action] ([action] is the key in the upper left corner of the keypad, the one printed with an upward-pointing arrow in a circle) [1]Documented codesPhone Setting  Number CodeReset Factory settings  000Restricted Calling (Phonebook only) ON / OFF  160/161Keypad tones ON / OFF  250/251Auto keypad lock ON / OFF  260/261Set SIM Pin  300SIM Pin ON / OFF  310/311Select time format  470Prepaid Balance Display ON / OFF  500/501Voice Prompts ON / OFF (1)  510/511Change Language  520Set Balance Inquiry Number to use when the "#"  642key is pressed and heldSet Voicemail number  644(1) can also be toggled by pressing [action] on the volume menuUndocumented codesPhone Setting  Number CodeDisplay total time of accepted incoming calls  111Display total time of outgoing calls  121Switch Audible call minute counter (beep) ON/OFF  130/131Region Code display ON/OFF  400/401List available networks with option tochange to another network  402Display network currently receiving service from  480Display list of networks within range  481View / Edit Service Cell Number (SMS Service)  643Delete ALL stored messages  700Enter SMS prepay query code (?)  701The following codes work AS IS, i.e. without entering the * around themPhone information details  * * 9 9 9 9 * [action]Cell phone serial number  * # 0 6 # (scroll down for complete number)

I bought this phone online. I liked it because of its looks and its so called "ease of use". When I finally got it I was so dissapointed. Looks can be decieving indeed, hehehe. Its not as "cool" as it look online. This phone seems to be from the 80's but slimmer. The screen display is like a flash back from the calculator screens of the early 80's,the font are so big that it cannot even display the whole phone number in the screen. Even the fonts are weird, they are like written by a toddler. But I dont do much text messaging so I can live with that ugly screen display/font. But the signal of this phone is terrible too so I cant even use them for regular phone call. Dont buy this, it will just be a waste of money. Even a third world country will consider this phone a piece of crap.

Has a basic LCD display as opposed to a regular color display.  This limits what can be displayed so is supplemented by voice notifications.  It works and is appealing in a distinctive retro way.  I have multiple SIMs for different countries and for people visiting and use this for that.

The service and delivery was good but the product lacked quality. The call phone is unrecognizable by modern cell phone standards. I would not encourage anyone to buy this phone. The phone lacks features that important to everyday usage.

Purchased new, arrived open. Would not charge or turn on. Had to return. Total waste.

Little difficult to operate. The product is OK, but in current age of Smart-Phones, it appears outdated, so if you are ready to hear taunts from your friends you can buy it. And please do not advertize it as international version, a true-international version is a quadraband phone.

This phone seems well made and the sound quality is good, but there is no headphone in the box and it does not appear that one is available as an accessory.This is a very simple phone without distracting bells and whistles (like Bluetooth). I have read that it was designed for the price sensitive "third world" market (The default language is Spanish).However, as of July 1, 2008 the law in California will require headphone use while driving. I wish I had known of the lack of headset before buying the phone.

I really like this phone for its price, sound quality, style, battery life, clear display and signal strength.The only drawback for me is the limited text display. Reading contact info and text messages takes a lot of scrolling, it has a one-line display, sometimes showing only six characters at a time.Skip it if you do a lot of text messaging.Can you give your contacts short names, like "JohnSM" instead of "John Smith"? If you can live with that limitation, this is a real bargain.This is a really great phone. It is not a web browser, not an iPhone, camera or Blackberry. It's a phone.

I am really sorry i ordered this phone. It does not have the specifications I need to make a cellular call in Israel. I believe that Amazon should market it with this comment. i want to return it and please send me the return information.i went through a lot of trouble to travel to Jerusalem to a Talk and Save, a company that sells sim cards only to be told that it is not a good cell phone for Israel. I had called your technical service and they had told me that the Motorola Motofone would be fine, but this was not true!

Yes the phone is slim and the time looks nice in the format on the sceen. But the text is limited and it takes forever to understand and read a text sent to you. It was also not loading all of my address book from my sim card.The product was also orginally bought in Mexico and someone just took out the free air time sim card that came with it and resold the phone. Ok, so thats fair, but I am sure someone else would of had trouble since the phone came in spanish and it would have been difficult to change if you dont speak spanish. I am just going to give the phone away to someon that needs on (in Spanish)

After putting my camera phone thru the wash (LG - it still works but no camera, and it hangs up now and then), I purchased this one.  I absolutely love it.  The battery life is phenomonal, the screen is very readable, the one touch speaker option is great, not to mention the size and weight of the phone.  It fits easily into pockets of jeans, jackets etc.  If you are looking for a sleek, easy to use phone (once you get the English manual on-line)this is a great choice.

PROS- IT WILL ALLOW TO CALL AND RECEIVE CALL. IT WORKS !!!! ehheehCONS- 1) SOFTWARE HANGS WHILE TALKING SO u have to remove battery to reuse it.2) worst battery life3) worst display ever.4) navigation is hard to follow with the screen display5) I don't know how this thing came into market and its still selling ????that too in 21 century !!!!I DON'T WANT TO GIVE EVEN A SINGLE STAR TO IT BUT UNFORTUNATELY I have to give at least 1 star to publish a review.still amazed that it works !! ehehehhe !!!

I discovered this phone's existence online.  Once again, thanks to Amazon's unparalleled customer review knowledge base, I got the skinny and knew what I was in for.  I wanted a phone with a screen that was READABLE.  Due to limitations in technology (LCD) and biology (my need for reading glasses), the screen of my little Nokia is only visible when cupped in my hands in a darkened theater.  And even that low-budget phone has too much JUNK to wade through.  (I don't care to do Internet shopping by phone, thanks though)  The Motofone F3 does what a phone is supposed to do - it lets you TALK to people quickly and easily.  It's Electronic Ink screen is amazing - you REALLY CAN read it in broad daylight.  Why isn't any other phone using this technology?If you're interested, please do read the reviews.  These phones are not marketed in the USA it seems - I guess we are collectively just too hip and sophisticated for this quaint little thing.  Mine came "unlocked" as advertised - I just transplanted the SIM card from my old phone and I was ready to go.  You have to choose your preferred language, and if you want a manual for the dozen or less functions, you can download it easily from Motorola.Some of the negative reviews are gut-busters.  Did these folks even READ about the phone they were getting?  Maybe it was a gift, I don't know.  "Box was opened!"?  That's because they're pulling these from South America or India and unlocking them for you!  "Has a crappy interface!"?  It does look like Etch a Sketch, but hey, I don't care to have all my friends' avatars on my screen.  I can speed dial about 15 numbers.  And you CAN send and receive text, if'n you really have to, though I don't think I ever will.  (So counterintuitive... that's why God invented keyboards!)  "Phone has no color screen! / no MP3 player! / no camera!" etc...  Well, if that's what you want, you don't want this phone.  I told all my higher-tech friends that I just got two "Third World Phones" - and my wife and I love them.Note: apparently some folks did not get "unlocked" phones or had other technical problems.  I was lucky in that regard.  (May have been a different vender.)  Also make sure your phone plan uses compatible technology.  Amazon has a little chart at the top of the page to help you with this too.  Thanks Amazon, and Vibe Cellular, for letting me make an informed decision.  It's the cell phone I've always wanted.

the order arrived on time and within the expected delivery time frame however the phone was not what i expected. i finally got an OK to send the phone back for a refund but i have been having trouble doing so. When i initially sent the phone back the first time i put return to sender on the package but the pkg came back to me since then i have tried to get in contact with customer service for the return shipping materials but haven't been able to reach anyone by phone or email.

It talks while you are using it, and a basic needs for you. As I said in the title " Visually Impaired "

Good emergency replacement phone. Easy to setup for different language use. Did the job. NOT TEXT FRIENDLY

I love this phone. It does exactly what I want, which is make and receive phone calls. The e-ink screen is very easy to see. The battery lasts a long time. Text messaging works fine, but I rarely do it. I chose to buy it directly from Amazon, since it was pretty cheap and returning it would be easy if necessary. The volume and clarity is good. The build quality feels good. It is small and easily fits comfortably in my pocket. There was no "default language", instead when I turned it on it asked me to choose between Spanish, Portuguese, and English. Documentation for it easy to find on the Motorola website and the Wikipedia.I have no complaints. It is exactly what I expected and wanted.

I like this phone it was simple and work well with AT & T.  It was great phone even it was old model.

A common complaint relating to this phone is the lack of a graphical interface.  The e-paper display limits the phone to alphanumeric characters and a few symbols.  The 8 character display is at times inconvenient, particularly for sending text messages and navigating through the phone book.I find the voice features to more than compensate for its deficient display.  The speaker and microphone function superbly.  If volume ever becomes problematic, the speakerphone is quite loud.One of Motorola's marketing points is prolonged battery life (compared to other phones) because of e-paper's low power consumption.  I would subjectively rate battery life to be "excellent."  The only trouble is the long charging time.  On an up note, the charging port is a cylindrical plug, which I have found in my experiences to be more durable than clip-type connectors, which tend to wear and fail over time.One small annoyance with the phone: from a dead boot (i.e. take the battery out/in and power on)...  The phone's clock seems to be completely internal.  Unlike other phones which retrieve time from the network, the phone always asks you to input the date and time (which is lengthier than one might like).  The phone has a voice-help feature, which audibly dictates menu functions (e.g. "send a message"  "read a message"  when the corresponding icons appear on screen).  This feature can be disabled, but also resets and resumes from a dead boot.  Therefore, one should silence the phone rather than turning it off.Overall, this phone functions hassle-free to make and receive voice calls.  Any other features like text messaging and alarm clock are slightly inconvenient to access.  Personally, 90% of my mobile phone activity is voice calls.  The lack of texting, camera, games, and the like are no bother to me.

From what I understand it gets very good reception, but it didn't have enough applications, no calendar and what not. I didn't realize it was a very basic phone.  I have returned it.

This phone is a complete waste of money, I read all the reviews and saw many complaints but most of them were about the features.  i just needed a simple phone for international use, features were not important.I purchased 3 of these phone and not one of them is still working.  They each died about 3-6 weeks after opening the product.

This phone is something else. It does not have a menu. I had to return it.

The phone arrived with a deep crack on the front.  The crack runs through the display and about 1/2 through the numbers.  This is not a slight scratch, but a crack in the plastic.  The product description doesn't mention that the phone is used and in poor condition.

I purchased Motorola Motofone F3 for my brother after his nokia N75 break down. The Phone is smaller and lighter than the Nokia N75.Its is very simple phone and menu systen not difficult to use, good to replace the phone. The Motorola Motofone F3 fits in my hand and I like its ease to use. Good call quality, speakerphone and long bettery life. I will buy one if my nokia N95 break down.

These phones are locked! Bought for Germany. Whet to several phone stores, and could not get to work. Found out phones were locked. Had to buy another phone. Worked right away with the same sim card. I hate it when you buy in good faith and get lied to. Glad i bought from amazon. They are giving me a refund

bought 2 of these; 1 won't charge and the other will not program.Tiger direct won't exchange and motorola offers no US warranty.Complete junk!

Helped a bunch! &#34;There is no fear where love exists. Rather, perfect love banishes fear, for fear involves punishment, and the person who lives in fear has not been perfected in love.&#34; 1 John 4:18

This product works fine, BUT BE WARNED: IT'S A PHONE AND NOTHING MORE!!!No camera, a very rudimentary address book, very rudimentary text messaging, monochromatic (black & white) screen, etc.If all you want to do is make phone calls, this phone is great.  If you want to do ANYTHING else with your phone, this is not the phone for you.

Amazon sent me a phone with a subsidy lock to TIGO.  I exchanged it for another.  It was replaced with a phone that had a subsidy lock to TIGO.  This isn't funny.

I just received this phone after reading the reviews on here. I am extremely happy with it, and have a few positive comments to make.1. It was unlocked and I didn't have to do anything to make it work with AT&T.; Just put the sim in and you're good to go.2. Unlike what a lot of people are saying here, my phone IS touch tone. I have no problem navigating through phone menus or my voicemail.3. Calling my voicemail # works beautifully, and the touchtone works great.Negatives:1. Adding #'s to the phone book is kind of a pain initially: Enter number, press phonebook button, enter name, confirm(I think)2. I wish the letters displayed in the proper cases and NoT LIkE THis.3. The battery charger makes intermittent contact. I have to wiggle it around for awhile to get it into charging mode, which is kind of annoying.Tentative battery life with light calling seems to be 5-6 days.Oh, and this phone really DOES get better reception than the iphone 3G. Where my friend had no service in the mountains, I was at 2-5 bars. It never went below 2. Although, I think that this drains the battery more than usual. I dropped 2 bars of battery after 5 hours in the mountains.Overall, I'm extremely happy with this phone. I've been getting positive comments from people who just can't believe it's 20 bucks.**Something I just noticed. I think many of the people who said that the phone came locked ordered theirs between september-december of 2008. That batch of phones might just have been bad.

I bought this phone and by far it is the worst phone on the market....I will never recommend it to anyone or Andorama.It takes forever to start....it shows one word per minute to read a text...Andorama should be displeased with itself to even offer this kind of phone for any user.OLDAgain I will never recommend this product to anyone

This is the worst phone i have ever had, and I have had quite a few phones.Its design is made for a robot, with text messaging their is one word per page, and it is very hard to figure out to set everything up on the phone. The only easy thing is dialing calls and recieving, THATS ALL- I myself prefer a nice color screen and more options to my phone. Its awful please dont buy it!

The phone just arrived. I charged it overnight, and cannot figure out how to turn it on. I went to the Motorola "how to" site and that pertinent fact does not appear. So so far it is useless. Extremely annoying.

Ordered the phone, received heavily used unit, scratches all over the place, back cover was cracked. Amazon should be more specific about "international version". Mexico is very different from, say, UK.

I can't even start to put into words how I feel about this phone. In my opinion, the description on a product should include important things such as the quality of the phone(i.e. color screen, an actually menu on the phone,and or the ACTUAL things its capable of). But no, this seller decided hey lets rip people off and give them the WORST possible phone ever. DO NOT BUY!

This is the worst phone that I have ever used.  I bought it for my dad and he used it for two days and never could get it to work correctly.  Finally had to just bite the bullet and purchace another one.

I bought Motorola Motofone F3 directly from Amazon.com, not from the other sellers on amazon.com and it came with the English manual and English phone settings. for $30 dollars this phone is perfect.Call quality is good and the phone looks very durable. For me this would be a great backup phone. Yea, its not a color phone, its a pain to read or write text messages, numbers display looks like it came from the alarm clock but what do you expect from the 30 dollars phone?The phone works and makes calls so i recommend it as a backup phone or for a short term use.

This is the worst phone ever and it's not even an unlock phone because I've tried it and it's look exactly like a toy phone.

It's not the phone's fault if it comes to you in a locked state instead of unlocked. Nor is it a problem of the phone if it arrives used. That's a problem with the store.Happily, mine came as ordered. I went to wikipedia to look up how to turn on automatic key lock and turn keypad tones off and then I was set. I am a carpenter and have destroyed many phones with dust and general abuse. This one withstands the abuse. I does what I want it to. It's cheap enough so that if something happens to it it's not that big a deal. It seems dumb to me to spend a lot of money on stuff you do not need, that locks you in a contract and will be obsolete in a few months anyway and don't forget the handset insurance.

looking to replace an older candybar phone, i ordered this because is was 1) cheap, 2) cool looking, and 3) unlocked. BIG MISTAKE. it's super cheap, plastic, with a badly designed display (though cool e-ink technology). in short, if you're used to a designer phone, this isn't for you. plus: plastic edge scratches your ear.

I bought this phone for my son to use in Egypt. Brand new, supposedly. He got there, bought a SIM card, and immediately received an error code when he installed the card. He had to buy another phone. Lousy.

this is the worst phone I've ever had.It cannot receive any calls now, and I can hardly call other people.Very very bad signal! and something wrong with the phone book.the screen blacks out frequently. like suddenly dies.horrible!I wanna return it back.I wanna rate it with no star~~

To anyone living or stationed in Afghanistan and possible IRAQ, dont buy this phone. It does not work with the Roshan SIMM. The vender has offered to take the phone back. But with the mail service here, it may be a while before I get a chance to send it back.  So just dont buy it.

Got it for emergency used when I was working in a very harsh environment! The phone is basic but doing its job VERY GOOD! Battery used to last about 7 days without charging and with more than average use. Have got a small sleeve for it and it was dropped many times. Still in the drawer. It makes a good basic phone for making and receiving calls.

Picked this phone up back when it first came out and it was the best thing I coudl of asked for. Texting is smooth. Calling and phone book are easy to operate and navigate. The phone it self is very durable. The first one got bounced off of everything imaginable. After about 18months of abuse I bought another one and that one went through even more since I knew I couldnt hurt it. Worked great with switching out sim cards when traveling between different countries and it has the option to save all your information to the sim or to the phone. If I could get this supported by verizon I would still use it everday. Its a great phone and perfect for those wanting looks, affordability, and ease of use.

Needed a phone without Internet access. Just a phone, period. This was the only one I could find. Saw a video where it was demonstrated how durable this phone is. It really has a nice feel-- won't slip from your hand or pocket. Good sound, long battery life. Bought it used so it didn't have a charger, and it was difficult to locate one. Tons of replacement batteries available though. Takes getting used to reading the screen, but it's a simple phone that works.

Was kind of nervous ordering this phone.  After reading some negative reviews about it, and the positive ones, I decided to go for it.  Glad I did.  My inital response to this phone was how sturdy it was.  I dont feel like i'm going to break it when I drop it.  Secondly, everyone is complaining about the interface, really, its not that hard.  I'm not the most tech savvy out there, but I do understand quite a bit about electronics, and it took about 20 min to become aquainted with the Moto F3's interface.  Its battery life and signal reception is superb compared to my previous samsung flip phone.  Lastly, the reviews about how cheap it was created, or the lack of the "options" this phone provides are really annoying to me now.  This phone is just that.  A PHONE.  You make calls, you recieve calls, and can do text messaging on a mid level scale, about 200-300 a month easily.All in all, if your after a main phone with out all the bling, this is it, or if your after a tank that you'll not break after dropping it once or twice this is your phone.

I bought this phone because I wanted a cheap replacement for my broken phone till I am eligible for upgrade.Pros:This phone is ultra thin - unbelievably thin. It has just the basic stuff one needs from a phone. No useless additional frills that most of us never use. You can make calls, see time, use it as alarm clock - thats it.Talk time is really long - power saving features like e-ink.Cons:The interface is ancient.The address book is very hard to maintain and use.Messaging is very hard - even to take small notes.End of the day, I couldn't use this phone. It was too ancient for me (I am 25). I found it really hard to put my 250 contacts in it, take small notes etc. So I swapped it with my husband. He is a computer science professor. And he TOTALLY LOVES it! He is very proud of this phone - its simplicity, talk time, power saving using e-ink etc. This phone does exactly what he wants from a phone - BTW, he has 4 people on his address book.

I purchased this phone because it was $25 plush shipping and handling so I could save up enough money to buy a bells-and-whistles phone.  Contrary to some of the other reviews, this phone does auto-sync the time with a certain pink-themed carrier, and the phone book and messages stored on the sim card are of an adequate capacity for my needs.My only complaint is the alarm.  I haven't found a way to change the alarm ring, and it is REALLY loud after about a second of ramp-up from whisper quiet.  I also haven't heard the message tone ring once, but I've only had it for two days, so maybe sometime soon.Otherwise, great phone does what I need and actually looks pretty good.  Also, I don't know why they did it, but the picture isn't what you get, there is no date display and I haven't found how to activate one XOThere is one weird thing, there seems to be a rigid piece of metal suspended inside the phone, I guess it's the antenna.  It's not annoying, but interesting, like in the sense that you toss it up in the air like and inch and then catch it, it makes a little sproing feeling in your hand when you catch it.  Kinda fun.

the cell phone is not as good look as the picture. It is pretty outdated

I liked this phone because the battery life was excellent. Other than that the phone has no real value other than making or receiving phone calls.We had the phone on AT&T; and it was for a 11 year old. Simply by plugging in the sim card it was working. No set up required. The phone could be used to send or receive texts but because the screen is basically a calculator, it was not pleasant and the kid didn't use it at all. She lost the phone once and it was easily replaced without costing us more than re-purchasing it from Amazon. Going to ATT for a new sim card was all that was required.The phone does not do call waiting, if you are on the line you will get a busy signal when someone else calls. You will get about 5 hours of talk time and about 1 week of standby time. The contacts are saved to the sim card, not the phone, so if you upgrade to a new phone you take all your contacts with you. If you change the sim card, you lose all your texts and contacts.I would purchase this phone again if for nothing else, the price and battery. Those with high expectations of getting more than a basic feature phone your aiming too high.

I purchased this phone to take on vacation.  Jamaica, west Indies!I purchashed the SIMS card from two different phones companies and the phone did not work on either....NO warranty and it comes from another country!  OMG!It costs $30.00 additional dollars(US) to get it to work

For under $30 this phone is perfectly designed to make/receive calls and that is it. If you are an avid texter or prefer to use your phone as an accessory to taking pictures, playing games, or listening to music than this is not for you. On the other hand, I wanted a cheap unlocked phone that I can use to TALK. If I want to take pictures I have a digital camera, games are on the computer, music I have on my MP3 player. The sound quality is great, reception is better than average, battery life is good enough, screen is easy to read in any light and shows the called id just like any other phone would. You can read and write text messages, change between 10 or so ring tones, lock the phone, scan through address book and use the alarm clock. Overall it's a unique phone for a non gadget minded person.

I bought this phone for my 70 year old mother. I happened to have an extra "family plan" line on AT&T. I have only had the phone for one day, but here are some observations and "tips": 1) came in a Moto box that looked opened but the phone appears new; 2) I needed to call AT&T three times to get everything working right. First, I had to verify the SIM number and provide them the phone's IMEI number. They asked if this was an AT&T phone, and I just said no, it's an unlocked international phone and they had no problems with that. Finally, voicemail did not work out of the box. Apparently, phones pull your VM number from the SIM. I manually input the seven digits to call VM but that did not work either (nor did "123"). So, I called AT&T again and they tweaked it, so there was some kind of infrastructure change they needed to make. Also, you need to find your own manual online (very easy). This phone is made for developing countries and its interface is weird (I'm familiar with RIM and Win Mobile 6.1)--more pictures and just different. However, now that it's all setup, reception looks better than my Blackberry Bold; numbers are very easy to see; and you can program numbers 2-9 to auto-call family members. Hopefully this helps!

Sound quality good, screen is absolutely unreadable.  Buy any other phone except this one.  I own one, thought of giving it away but didn't want to offend anyone else, not even an enemy.  I decided to bury it in my back yard, please don't tell the EPA.

The phone works good but the problem is that it did not work with the sim card I used overseas but overall the customer service was great.

This is a good phone for anyone looking for basic services in their phone. Anyone whose fancy newphone is broken/not working this is the best phone you will find at this rate. Highly recommended.

I wanted a replacement cellphone and didn't want any kind of smartphone or mp3-playing phone or camera-phone, etc.  So I ordered the cheapest phone available on Amazon, which turned out to be this one.  I've been happy with it; it does everything I need, and it was easy to figure out how it works without having to read the instruction manual (which was in Spanish anyway).My only complaint is that because it's not a flip-phone, the buttons are exposed and so sometimes they get pressed when the phone is in my pocket.  But I'm sure I can get a phone cover or something, if I decide that this is too annoying.

I was looking for a simple  mobile phone, nothing fancy and this is the one . I liked it, it does everything I was looking for in a really simple fucntion mobile phone. The handfree speaker is the best fuction of all. Loud and clear sound. It very much replaced the Onstar sytem in my car .

This phone is perfet for those who only make phone calls, and nothing else.  It is slim, and ultra-pocketable, the number buttons are large, but not too large.It seems to me that this phone does not exaggerate bars, meaning one signal bar is enough to make a reasonably clear call, although one signal bar is a rare circumstance for this phone, as it gets excellent reception compared with my two older phones (LG 1130, and a Motorola V3 RAZR).  Also, the battery status indicator seems to accurately portray how much time is left before charging is required (I ran it on 1 out of 5 bars out of the box for about 30 hours before deciding I should charge up).The screen is one of the easiest to read.  Daylight does not make this phone harder to read; in fact, more daylight increases the screen's readability.  Call quality is excellent with the exception of speakerphone mode, which is a little on the quiet side.Although this phone has a great share of positive features, primarily its affordable price-tag, it is guaranteedly not for everyone.  The main problem I have experienced so far is that the phone has no means of deleting phonebook entries.  Other problems are that the screen lacks the ability and complexity to display text similar to printed-text, and looks more like the readout of a calculator, with pre-set icons to indicate menu selection.  Because of this, letters (such as names) on the phone are displayed with CERTAIN CoMbINATIoNS oF CAPITAL ANd LoWERCASE LETTERS, regardless of which letters should actually be capitalized.Another issue I've had with this phone is that its more advanced settings require the use of certain button combinations to access. i.e. turning off the keypad sounds requires you to press the following combination ***250*^ and these combinations are only available in the phone's manual.  The other major issue is that this phone has no network update for date and time, which means that you'll have to enter the date and time when you start up and from that point forward it slowly becomes inaccurate over the course of several months, until you decide to re-enter the date and time.Overall, for someone who is looking for a no-frills way of making calls on a GSM network, this is an excellent phone, but for those who are more used to things such as a traditional color screen, and the option to do things other than text messaging and calling, this is definitely something to steer clear of.

Mine lasted 4 days before the screen quit.  There is a reason these are sold with no warranty!  I wasted $40 on one.

I bought this phone for my daughter who was leaving for Poland for 6 weeks. I apparently did not do ALL my homework because we discovered after she was already there that it will not work in Europe but only in the Americas. I really think that fact should be stated on the description and do believe it is intentionally left out. Unnfortunately she won't be home before the 30 day refund window closes.

It seems a lot of people have reviewed this phone and many have complained, basically it stems from not even doing a bit of basic research before buying this phone.There are 2 versions, a 1900/850mhz version that will work IN THE UNITED STATES ONLY with a GSM provider like T-Mobile and AT&, and a 1800/900mhz that will NOT work in the US, it is meant for use in countries that use those frequencies. If you are dumb enough to purchase the US version and expect it to work in France or whatever hell hole you visit, you deserve to lose the money.And to the other geniuses that complained about the manual...seriously, you needed a manual to operate this? anyone can operate this, it has voice prompts. and if the phone starts up in Spanish it gives you the option to change the language.The Motofone F3 is just a phone and text messenger. it uses an E-INK display, that you now are seeing in products like the Amazon Kindle and others, so the idiot who says "it isn't color" fails to notice the obvious.Great little phone. it makes phone calls and sends and receives text messages, and that's about it. it does have an alarm, and you can change the ringtone among 9 presets I believe. That's it. No camera, no organizer, no apps, no web, no touchscreen.battery life has been pretty decent, but what is awesome is the standby time. i rarely make calls and I get over a week on standby (in area with a strong signal). If you hold the phone by the bottom, the signal does not get lower.Only things i find wrong with the phone is that the keylock is useless, the keys for 911 are still active, so if you have it in a pants pocket and the volume isn't on off or vibrate you will hear the DTMF tones going off on every step. and you might accidently dial 911 in the process.The other thing is that i haven't found a car adapter yet for this thing.But everywhere I bring it people ask me about it and what it can do.

Like the phone and the price, but it did not come with instructions in English and still cannot get it to ring.

Took it to France and bought sim card for it. Wouldn't work.  Two phone stores couldn't make it work. Instructions in Spanish.

This phone is definitely not for everybody. It has no features, the craziest thing you can do with it is change the ringtone. The screen is incredibly easy to read, even in direct sunlight. Call clarity is phenomenal and the speaker phone is loud and clear. For making calls, this phone can't be beat.However, the phone falls severely short when it comes to SMS. I text quite a bit and am annoyed by the message editing, there's a limited number of symbols and if you make a mistake you need to delete all the way back to your mistake. Reading text messages can also be a pain as only one word is displayed at a time, in alternating cAPS.I got this phone to replace a broken, full-featured phone. I only intend to use it for a short time, but I've grown accustomed to it and don't mind using it. It's also a great conversation piece as everybody thinks it's a toy.

I bought this phone as a very simple replacement for my wife who only wanted a phone to make and receive calls--that's it!  And this phone is great for that.But ... it is only has 850 and 1900 band frequencies--not 1800 which is what my wife needs in India.  We thought we were all prepared with her  "International version" Motofone F3 and an Indian SIM card purchased before she left; we tested the Indian SIM card with the Motofone and it worked great. Unfortunately, we didn't realize that did not mean it would work in India.  It worked here (in the US) because it roamed to a 850/1900 MHz network.  But in India, the SIM card needs a 1800 MHz network.  My wife now has to get another phone to use with her Indian SIM card.

Looks like I am another victim of being sold a locked Tigo phone when I purchased an 'Unlocked' phone.  Phone appears to be just what I was looking for, a barebones phone... I just can't use it.  I will be returning it.

I really like the size and shape. I wear the phone on a lanyard around my neck. Very handy. Unfortunately there is no documentation. It was supposed to be on line but the phone is so old, Motorola has discontinued it. I have a lot of trouble using the phone. I can't retrieve voicemail messages of turn the ringer back on after I turned it off.

This is not good. I bought this cause I like simple things, but to my surprise. I can't even use it. It says bloq ad0 not to mention talking to me in Spanish. So I guess it is not really unlocked as what its supposed to be, stated in the title. Not working for my at&t sim and an international sim.I should not even gave it a single star because I haven't got to use it at all.

Motorola Motofone F3 Unlocked Cell Phone--International Version with No Warranty (Black)I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE PHONE AND HAVE ALREADY REPLACED IT. IT IS DIFFICULT TO KNOW WHEN YOU HAVE RECEIVED A CALL AND IS SO VERY BASIC THAT CALLS FALL BY THE WAY SIDE. IT IS NOT EASY TO USE AND ALTHOUGH I DO NOT NEED A PHONE WITH LOTS OF BELLS AND WHISTLES, THIS PHONE IS RETRO TO THE POINT OF TRUE FRUSTRATION. GET SOMETHING ELSE !!!

Hi, I just got this very simple phone for the shipyards and I have to say this device is great, it has no camera and is so simple that a guy with no knowledge of electronics will enjoy this phone. i cant say enough how simple this phone is and it sure as well keeps my good phone at home and not confiscated by ship force workers.

BEWARE! I received and returned three of these phones, none of which worked. All were obviously used and returned previously. It seems that the sellers just re-send out returned phones without checking to see if they work. Luckily with amazon's excellent return policy I am not out anything but a little effort and time, but I would not recommend that anyone try their luck against these odds.

Hi,this product is not compatible with the system and the SIM card that is provided by my service provider. The phone may not work with any carriers in US.

Beware this product. This is a piece of junk? The display is very odd-looking. this total disaster.This product is too bad. The font or the letters is very odd.....no good

I'm totally satisfied with my purchase, the phone arrived in a few days, andin a very good condition.I've just slided my T-mobile sim card and I was ready to go.The microphone and speaker of this phone are very good quality.I have an old Ericsson purchased in 2002,for $140, and the voice and speaker quality of the F3 are much better than the Erisson's phone.I am very satisfied with the phone and the price I paid.The only inconvenience of this phone are the letter and number formats which are sometimes hard to read.

All I wanted was a simple phone that worked well and didn't cost a lot of money.  That is exactly what I got with the Motofone F3.  The phone I received was originally intended for use in Mexico and the box had been opened, but the phone was in new condition.  I inserted my AT&T; SIM card, powered the phone up and was greeted by a voice prompt instructing me to press 1 for English.  After setting the time and date the phone was ready to use.I was pleased that the Motofone F3 got better reception in my signal-challenged house than my old Samsung phone.  My phone is my watch, so I appreciate that the time is clearly visible on the electronic ink display.  A quick internet search will provide a list of configuration codes that can be used to modify phone settings.Motorola developed this phone for use in emerging markets, so the simple menu system is based on icons and optional voice prompts assist navigation.  I haven't disassembled the phone, but it feels like the internal electronics are shock-mounted.  The phone fits in my hand well and is solidly built.  I like its ease of use, good call quality, speakerphone and long battery life.  The one feature I do wish it had is mute.  This phone is capable of text messaging, but I don't consider it suitable for anything but occasional use.If you like camera phones, phones as fasion accessories or do a lot of texting this phone is not for you.  But if you need a simple, low-cost phone, this one is worth considering.

it's a junk, it did not work with my sim card at all, people please don't purchase this phone, you will lose your times, money.

i bought this phone and return it right away. This phone is like the kids toy cellphone that you can find at the toy store or the dollar store.the materials that they use on this cell phone is cheap.of course what can you expect if the product is made in china? (hope theres no melamine or lead). Don't buy this item. For sure you gonna have buyer remorse.

It's a very basic cell phone, it works fine, but the character display of the screen is horrible. Anyway, can't request more for a small cost.

I bought this so my wife would have something to put her iPhone 3G SIM card in when she didn't want to have the iPhone with her. It fills that need pretty well.Audio quality is ok. Battery life is pretty good, but the standby was nowhere like what's claimed. Texting works, but at 6 characters per screen full it can take some time to read each one. The display is just plain cool. I think I think half the reason I bought it was just to have an E-ink display. It's very thin and light for a phone, but it's a good density so it doesn't feel cheap. It has no features to speak of, but that's why it's so inexpensive.This phone has a couple of minor annoyances: One is that it won't set the time from the network. Other GSM phones I've used lately have done that. You have to set it each time you turn it on. Also, the charger is unlike any other Motorola charger tip I've ever seen. I just assumed it was a mini-USB or the older style Motorola with the clip and push-button, but it's not. You'll always have to carry a charger  when you plan to be away longer than the battery should last. Finally, the headset jack is shared with the charger, and is therefore completely proprietary. That seems odd in 2008 in the age of Bluetooth and 2.5mm mini jack standards. But, then Motorola seems to be on a proprietary-everything bender the last few years. Ok, so the iPhone has a proprietary jack (4 connector stereo 3.5mm) but it's excusable since it's a music player, includes the head set, headsets are readily available and supports Bluetooth.

They sent me wrong phone NOT quad band as advertised. On the outside of the search it was saying quad band ...!

I used this phone with prepaid (aka pay-as-you-go) AT&T.; Now it's on prepaid T-Mobile. Reception with AT&T; wasn't super (that's AT&T;'s fault) but it was as good or better than my friends' AT&T; phones at the time. Reception with T-Mobile is excellent.Battery life is excellent too: it lasts nearly a week per charge.Screen visibility outdoors is awesome, because it uses e-ink (aka e-paper). It looks like those non-functional paper mock-ups stores use for display models, which adds to its coolness factor as people are always curious about it when they see it.It has an unusual interface that defaults to Spanish, but after setting it to English you never have to worry about that again. Reading and writing text messages is not very pleasant but it works. It has an alarm clock feature.It's very slim and lightweight, which is great if you wear your phone in a pocket like I do.And it's $25. It still blows my mind that you can get such great phone performance for so little money.

This a perfect phone for me it has everything I need. It's perfect if you don't need a camera and all that stuff and just want something to call and receive calls and send text messages. It's nice small,light and thin. Good choice for me!

The box I received was one of Mexico carrier TelCel's "AMIGO" kits. The manual, more like a Quick Start Guide, enclosed was in English, though. Also, the phone spoke for the language setting, so "International Version" is correct!! I did turn voice guidance off as a matter of personal choice.The other reviews says what you get is a phone with no bells and whistles, that's it. Good for me, since that's what I was looking for!The phone is a bar form factor, thin and solid. "Unlocked" is true! I put in my prepaid T-Mobile SIM and T-Mobile scrolled across the screen after initial power on, language setting and date/time setting. Carrier specific functions work too, example #999# to check prepaid balance. Comes with seven ringtones to choose from and speaker can get loud. D-pad on front doubles as volume rocker.I'm not a texter so the screen's missing ability to display # (pound sign), ' (apostrophe) and other characters correctly is not a problem for me. People do text me, but those messages are usually very short and sporadic since my friends prefer to communicate with their mouths than their fingers. Long story short, "Not for texters" is right, but display is absolutely great to look at anyway.

I expected a bit more from the cell phone.  I thought the screen view was better,especially at night.  I also thought it would take the rings and all the numbers from my sim card.

I have used this phone for about a month now and it is still going strong.  It is probably the most durable phone I have ever owned and I have owned quite a few.  It is a standard phone makes calls recieves calls and texts.  Texting is a little hard at first but once you get it it is better.  It took me a week to understand how to use all the different options but for the price you pay its just your standard phone.  Beware instructions are in spanish but there are online manuals for it.

I have AT&T service, got this phone as a replacement for my LG VU phone, which went bad, this phone beats any other expensive phones I have used so far, like the VU or Razr. The good thing about this phone is it provides all the features that you most likely would need. The screen of the phone and its battery life are among the most outstanding features I liked othere than the price!

Good looking phone, that where all the good things about this phone ends. Bad connection, Bad sound quality and within one week I bought the new phone the battery would not last for 2 minutes talk.

The Motorola Motofone F3 is a basic, no-fills cell phone that's unique for it's usage of an e-ink display (same technology used in ebook readers like the Nook or Kindle). The benefits of having this type of display is that it uses less power, looks like printed text on paper (readable under direct sunlight), and offers extensive durability. For these reasons- the F3 has been labeled by some as the &#34;Zombie Accomplice Emergency Phone&#34;.However, in practice- I found that e-ink (the biggest selling point of the F3) can also be a hindrance. For example, to refresh the display for menus /text messages, there is a notable lag and a 'flicker' (used to wipe the screen and create the new image) - which can slow users down. Also, I found the battery life to be quite disappointing. Seeing that the phone had an e-ink screen, no camera, no Bluetooth, no games (only for calling and MMS)...- I was surprised to find the phone to only last roughly 4-5 days under moderate usage.Call quality itself is quite good, and the reception with T-Mobile's 2G network is more than acceptable.Note that this is a dual band (not quad band) phone, which means some countries may not support the device. Reception and battery info. are both smartly displayed on the upper region of the display (next to the earpiece to both sides). What's not so smart, though, is the UI. It's slightly clunky, and takes some time to learn all the icons and tricks. There's also no volume rocker, so changing the sound mid-call is more tedious than on normal phones.Otherwise, the backlight is readable in the dark, and the keypad is large/tactile to press. The phone is also quite lightweight and slim- making it easy to carry along with you. Again, in therms of aesthetic appeal, this is definitely a very eye-catching design despite being made out of plastic.Overall, the low price tag (under $30 UNlocked), cutting-edge look, cool e-ink screen, and good call quality compensate for the disappointing battery life and lack of more features. If you do want a basic (or emergency back-up phone) with plenty of style- go for it! Just note it's shortcomings as well...

In terms of the price, it is something pretty good. But it's, on the other hand, not user-friedly at all. The screen is just like the one used in the very basic calculators. Everything is drawn/written in symbols, it takes a while for you to understand what the symbols mean. When my friends saw the phone. they even asked me if the phone was a toy or a remote. Anyway, the phone only has very basic functions which are enough for calling. However, if you really wanna type txt messages, just avoid it.

I got this phone a few weeks ago to replace my broken Sony Ericsson temporarily until I can afford a better cell phone.  For that purpose, it's an ok phone, but I'd never buy it just to have it.First I'll point out the good things. The call quality and volume are really good, and it looks pretty amazing, I'll give it that.  And I got lucky and both phone and manual are English. But really, that's about it.I think this phone's interface was probably made for the use of older generations or new cellphone users.  It has voice prompts and large numbers and words. The voice prompts are nice.  Without them you would probably never know what you were doing, because the menu is horrible. It is very limited, you can't do much at all, and there are no words, just a few little pictures that, without the voice or manual, you probably wouldn't know what they indicate. When there are words, say you are reading a text or in your phone book, they are so big they rarely even fit on the screen.  You have to pan over the right one word at a time. It's frustrating, to say the least. Sending texts is also a problem, for the same reason that the words are so big, and that the keys are not very responsive to fast clicks.  You have to type relatively slowly or you will end up mistyping.Over all it's ok if you need a cheap cell phone, don't understand or like the more complex ones, or need a quick replacement or backup like me. Other than that, don't buy it. I'll be getting rid of mine the second I get a new one.

This is an excellent phone if it is what you are expecting.  It has no camera, which is a plus for me; a highly readable display; good battery life; a solid keypad; good durability, and it has survived several accidents; and a decent interface.The only two things that I see as straight up disadvantages are the lack of Bluetooth (which is to be expected), and hard to find accessories such as a headset.  Other than that it is really like a phone from long ago.  It has a few menu items, but most of the settings that you do not change that often are hidden away under keyed in codes.At first you may think this is bad, but how often do you change the language or time format of your phone? I highly recommend this as an anti-iPhone.

I bought this cell phone because i wanted to use it outside of the USA in Costa Rica, and it didnt work. I wrote an email to the seller asking for help to unlock it and they never replied, so as soon as I get back to the US I will set a complaint because I feel I was cheated. The advertisement in Amazon said it was unlocked and defenitely is not, to unlock it I will have to pay more money, something that is not written where the phone was found.



Not at all what I was expecting, however that was due to my lack of research. I was looking for simple but this was an exaggeration of simple. I researched it after purchasing only to find out that it was initially created for use in developing countries. It was built to withstand exposure to water and dust coupled with a sturdy exterior. The fact that it does not have an LCD display adds to its sturdiness, however it reminds me too much of a calculator. I refuse to use this for daily use. I will keep it however for traveling abroad.
