
Expensive but nice phone. Nice size. Able to download and play Ngage games. Has all the features you could ever need. Nice build quality. My favorite thing about this phone is, your able to listen to your text messages. It's so funny to hear some of the pronouncations.Not so good: Finger print magnet. Buttons creek.

I have really enjoyed this phone and am quite pleased that I purchased it. I read a lot of reviews on this model and many other similar Nokia models and also other brands but have always had excellent luck with Nokia. The one thing that I really notice about this phone is the reception....I live in very rural WY and, while the towns have pretty good cell reception, away from town doesn't always.  I use this phone for both business and personal and have had NO problem sending or receiving calls or text messages.  The features are very functional, the display is bright and easily readable, the camera takes phenominal pictures and it has been very sturdy.  I am still playing with and learning about all its features and how to use them.  Overall, I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to anyone.

I really enjoyed my N85, but they break easy.  I tripped over the charging cord, didn't break the cord, but I broke the mini usb in the phone.  My fault, but the exact thing happen with other phones, no problem.  But as I said, I really enjoyed the phone anyway

I've been wanting one of these phones (or other similar models) ever since it came out. Since it was pretty expensive at the beginning, I waited, when I finally had it in my hands this Christmas I was not impressed. Don't get me wrong, it's a good phone--very fast at processing, duel sliding, well finished exterior, EXCELLENT camera (something I wish to have on my iPhone), and clear calls. But the software wasn't very intuitive, sometimes difficult to find certain functions. Buttons weren't all that easy to press on, wish can be charged by USB. If you are looking for a phone for basic features like MP3, take some pictures, and excellent reception with clear speakerphone, then this is for you, but then you probably could get something much cheaper or free from your carrier.



PROS----* It has all the features that you would ever need in a cellphone.* Excellent screen.* Superb cell phone reception and voice quality.* 5 MP camera very impressive for a cell phone.* FM transmitter works well - this is very convenient in old cars that don't have an aux audio input. Just make sure you choose the right frequency to transmit your music.* GPS works very well, but the Nokia navigation service is too expensive. Get a Garmin Mobile XT or some other navigation software. It will be much cheaper than paying a monthly subscription fee to Nokia for navigation.CONS----* Build quality is not good, battery cover rattles, plastic feels cheap.* SIM card slot is poorly designed - it is very hard to take the SIM card out.* Alarm function is needlessly complicated and not user friendly - if you hit snooze, you will have to re-enter the original time for the next day!* Beware that Nokia may not honor the 3 month trial for the voice guided navigation, even though it is listed on the front of the box! I called Nokia three times to resolve this issue but got fed up of the customer service. I hope I don't have to make a warranty claim in the future because Nokia's customer service in the US sucks.* You can use the USB cord to charge the phone from your computer, but it won't work if you try to use a car charger with a USB adapter. The hardware fits just fine, but the N85 tries to connect to a computer even when there is no computer at the other end of the USB cable. This is not a big deal, you can just pick up a car charger for about ten bucks.Overall this is an excellent phone for the price. It is not a perfect device and there are many areas for improvement, but the pros easily outweigh the cons. I was actually considering buying a netbook for travel (Asus EEE or some other 9" netbook), but the Nokia N85 is far more portable and does almost everything a netbook can do, and has a GPS, camera and FM transmitter in addition!If you are going to use it a lot from home, you can make very cheap calls by connecting to skype through your home wi-fi (you will have to use an application called Nimbuzz). Combine it with a t-mobile pre-paid plan and you get a very affordable cell phone service.

So I currently have an N75. I had a 6230 before that. I went from a candybar 6230 to a flip N75 and then to this slider N85.I did a TON of research on which phone to get. I've read practically every N85 review available thru google and then some. 3G was a must along with a good camera.I looked at the N79, N78, N82, N95 and the N95 8GB.I ruled out the N79 and N82 because they didn't have 3G (I have at&t;).The N78 was good because it brings me back to the candybar style (I'm not sure about the durability of sliders) but the camera didn't have a cover and it was only 3.2MP. Plus, most reviews said the software was buggy and for practically the same price you can get this N85 and get more features. The clear button being on the bottom was a deal breaker, also.So I went to a Nokia store and was stunned by the N95 8GB screen. The thing just looked massive. I considered a regular black or red N95 but its screen was recessed and I didn't like that (hard to keep clean). And the thing just looked THICK. Plus, it didn't have a dual LED flash and no lens cover or FM transmitter.I narrowed it down to either the N95 8GB or this phone.I finally decided the OLED was better than LCD (for battery life and viewability). And the navigation key was larger and has the added bonus of having a navi wheel. The n85 also had a lens cover and dual LED. Plus Euro 3G compatibility on top of the US3G. Plus Symbian OS 3rd w/ feature pack 2.So I was sold and I've been trying to play with the phone the past week...Build Quality..Somebody said it was made in China so it must suck. Well, my N75 was made in Finland and that thing was horrible. It fell apart after a few months (hinge problem). So for this phone I read both ways.. some said it was solid, some said it was flimsy. I've held all phones in my hand and this one feels pretty solid. The slide doesn't wobble when opened or closed. The plastic does not feel cheap at all. It doesn't attract thumb prints or grease like the N75 did. Or maybe you can't see it as much since it's all black.MP3 player..It came per loaded with an 8GB card with some music and accompanying album art:Blind Sorrow - Pritchard, Banks, Coons, DilkBring the House Down - Ben WheelerHot Nights - Ian Clarke, Simon PainterLove Forever - Vanessa CondevSee Me Alive - The WinylsWaste - Robert J. Walsh, Rober GradWhenever You Say Love Me - Day ElevenWon't Let Go - NegativeYou Got the Message - Leigh GracieNavi wheel works great while browsing your songs (feels just like an ipod scroll:)Software..Everytime you get on a menu and you stop for a second.. you would have to tap the buttons twice. Once to wake it up then another to actually select it. Kinda annoying but I got used to it.Games Included w/ Free trial:Block Breaker - I've played it before and didn't like it. Deleted.Space Impact Kappa Base- kinda like Galaga shooter w/ excellent graphicsTetris - no change from a typical tetris gameSnakes Subsonic - horrible. Confusing and graphics suck.Asphalt 3 Street Rules - nice graphics but short run for trialFifa08 - once you picked a view (landscape or portrait) you can't change it. I picked landscape thinking it was the sideways option but it ended up being a portrait.. so i can't use the side buttons.World series of Poker - nice gameBrain Challenge - pick the answer by moving the selector up,dwn,lft, rightBounce - long install (5+mins) and long load times fire it up.Sims2 Pets -Creatures of the Deep -Midnight Pool -Reset GenerationI haven't played the last four games so I have no comment on those. The Ngage app is pretty useful for a few minutes or so to waste time but certainly not a psp or ds replacement. The side buttons are just too small. It will make your hand cramp.Now here's why i love this phone:Joikuspot Light -This app turns your 3G phone connection into a wifi hotspot. I use an ipod touch w/ version 2 software to connect to the internet. If I use the open option it keeps dropping the connection while you're on idle. The  WEP Shared did the same thing as well. The WEP Open works great and keeps the connection until you disconnect. The only limitation I found was that it didn't connect to any secured sites. IE the bank of america app on the ipod touch wouldn't connect. 3-4 hours of use with a fully charged battery.Internet radio -Inculdes FM radio broadcasts from your area. Some AM radio, too. Not as good as pandora (no album art or music background literature) but good enough. Plenty of ad free music and it can be broadcast thru your car radio with the FM transmitter! Full charge battery lasted about 3 hours with just using this app non-stop.Google Maps -I read somewhere that 3rd party apps couldn't access the GPS but that's not true. Google maps acquired your position within SECONDS. Or sometime a couple of minutes. It does drain the battery, though.Nokia Maps -Turn-by-turn voice navigation is free for three months. I tried it out and works fine. Had to restart that phone because it couldn't get a GPS signal for 30mins. There's no tone to let you know when to actually turn it just comes on and says.. 'NOW TURN RIGHT 200 YDS THEN LEFT IN 2.1 MILES' I think it's a great backup GPS but not a replacement. I say that because I can't keep it on the dash and I don't have car charger. It drained from a full charge to halfway within 45mins.Download!An app/link that shows you all the available software that can be downloaded over the phone. Most are free trials and most are useful. I have the Accuweather Bug (Forecaweather is nice but you have to pay for it!). Fring is an all in one IM (yahoo, gtalk, aim, etc) and it's free. It also lets you make VOIP calls thru wifi but I haven't tried it.Overall, the feature pack 2 is definitely an improvement over the N75. It's hard to explain but some little things that irked me about the N75 have been substantially fixed or changed this time around.The front panel green button (call) and red button (disconnect) are actually separate buttons which is good. I couldn't see that from the pictures.FM transmitter -I thought I could broadcast my phone call through the radio but that doesn't work. What works is having the Internet Radio/ Podcast/ MP3 player on + the AGPS voice guided Nokia maps. You have commercial free radio/Music that fades out when the voice nav comes on, and fades back in when it's done giving directions. Awesome.Battery Life -2.5hrs with Internet radio3.5hrs with just Joikuspot LightInternet on/off, light texting, a few calls - 6-8hrsOLED -Reminds of that time I took the cover off the 6230 and saw the LCD screen 'naked' and thought 'Wow, this is really clear.' Direct sunlight does make the screen unviewable. But indoors/ inside a car, it's an excellent screen.Keypad -Obviously smaller than the N75 but practically the same size as the 6230 so I have no complaints. It does get some getting used to txting/typing on a flat keypad but I got used to it after a couple of days.What I didn't like about the phone:-USB charging port ONLY. Although it did come w/ a USB wall charger, there will no more going to a friend's house and borrowing their Nokia charger.-Front keys are little hard to press. Compared to the N82 navigation button it's definitely more difficult to press. The N82 felt like butter this one not so much.-The naviwheel is not perfect. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.-FM transmitter was a little weak. Anything farther than an arms length and it fazed out.-Music store is not avail yet for the US.

I just received N85 today, unpackaged it and it took me 10 minutes to realize that I'm dropping it off with UPS tomorrow :(First and the foremost, the build quality is awful! The whole thing is so flimsy, when you press the front buttons it makes a scratching noise!Secondly, the camera button doesn't work.Overall, the phone looks like a Chinese made fake for 10 bucks would look. Nokia, you are losing a committed 10 year customer!

Nice but camera was so bad.  ALso, don't really like the screen very hard to see when outside.

El TELEFONO SE VE BONITO Y TIENE DE TODO, PERO SU CALIDAD DE FABRICACION ES MUY MALA. EL PRIMERO QUE COMPRE DEJO DE FUNCIONAR A LA SEMANA Y EL SEGUNDO, DESPUES DE TRES MESES NO ME FUNCIONA EL AURICULAR. LO COMPRE EN USA Y AHORA VIVO EN COLOMBIA; LA GARANTIA DE NOKIA SOLO FUNCIONA EN EL PAIS DE COMPRA COSA ABSURDA YA QUE EN EL MUNDO MODERNO UNO ESTA EN UN SITIO Y AL DIA SIGUIENTE ESTA AL OTRO LADO DEL MUNDO Y LOS CELULARES VIAJAN CON UNO.  ES HECHO EN CHINA Y LOS OTROS TELEFONOS QUE HABIA TENIDO, FUERON FABRICADOS EN FINLANDIA. NO RECOMIENDO LA COMPRA DE ESTE TELEFONO. FUI DEFENSOR DE LA CALIDAD DE NOKIA HASTA QUE ME PASO ESTO, AHORA HE CAMBIADO DE MARCA.

I got it with 330 USD, that's a good price to have this phone. Nokia is the best.

La maravilla tecnol&oacute;gica me dur&oacute; s&oacute;lo 30 d&iacute;as antes de que el "speaker" fallara y luego la pantalla de video SIMPLEMENTE DEJ&Oacute; DE FUNCIONAR...  buscado razones termin&eacute; por entender el porque... NOKIA utiliz&oacute; partes baratas hechas en china... despu&eacute;s  de que mis anteriores tel&eacute;fonos Nokia fuesen "eternos" ... ahora son me doy cuenta que los nuevos modelos son desechables a precios de "estafa"... los peores $450 gastados de todo mi vida... SI APRECIA SU DINERO Y SU PAZ NO COMPRE ESTE TELEFONO.

The phone I got was not unlocked. That is why I only give it 4 stars. I wrote a review and I was contacted by the seller offering to solve the problem. It shows that the seller is concerned with providing a good service, and that is something I value. The phone works perfectly now.

Got the Nokia N85 sight unseen from amazon as an X-Mas present to myself. I have had it for 2 weeks and the battery life is great. Reception and call quality are excellent. AM-OLED screen is terrific. The phone came with 8gb microSDHC pre-installed which was a nice surprise because this was not apparent from the Amazon descriptions. Pictures are good for a cell phone digicam. I used the GPS once and it locked down the Sats plenty fast from a cold start but I haven't tried turn by turn directions yet. MP3 player outputs nice and loud by selecting headsets option when plugging in my AUX jack for my car stereo.So far am very happy with the phones swiss army knife options lists and performance except that (and I am not sure how the other amazon reviewers missed this)the N85's plastic housing is very cheap and flimsy. The battery compartment lid is loose and rattles like a cheap dollar store toy made in dime store factory. The plastic finish also scratches very easily. I am very afraid of dropping this phone and so immediately ran out to get a good snug case and belt clip for it. My last phone was an all metal Motorola SLVR L7 which was built like a Sherman Tank though options wise and call quality cannot compare to the N85 but in contrast the N85 falls way short of the outstanding build, materials and finish of my old SLVR L7.Lessons learned is that this is the last time I will buy an expensive unsubsidized phone without seeing it in real life first. Had I done that I would of passed on the N85. My advise to Nokia is to go back to tight fitting aluminum or any other high quality metal casing builds and keep plastics for the $200 and under phone lines or I will not be a repeat customer for their $400 and over smart phones ever again.Btw, Amazon was great with their overnight shipping and I had the N85 in my hands the day I had to fly out of country just before the holidays. Amazon did not dissappoint me but Nokia kinda did.

First and foremost, Nokia phones have the BEST reception of all phones on the market. In addition, the call quality is exceptional. This is one key reason I bought this phone. Tried the iPhone....amazing gadget but mediocre reception (do a google search on the topic) and lousy camera. Tried the Samsung Eternity...also a really nice gadget but so-so reception and call quality.I have a house in Boston and Vermont. The house in VT is in the mountains and the n85 is the first cell phone that my wife and I have ever used that worked at the house....3 bars. Moto razor, 2 Blackberrys, Sony Ericcson 810i, the iPhone and Samsung Eternity...none had reception...the n85 is a standout in that department. Also love that the n85 is a slider and a fantastic 5MP camera w/flash. The browser is pretty quick, screen flips from vertical to horizontal smoothly and there is a 3.5mm jack for std headphones. Previously had tried the Nokia n78....loved the phone but found it a tad long (like the form factor on the n85 better) and really did not like the n78 keyboard (needed to type using my nails). I like the form of the n85 much more than the n78/n82n95/n96. Do feel that if you do alot of texting, the n85 might not be for you, you may be happier with a full keyboard. One problem I have is that the phone is so striking looking that when I use it (especially as a camera) people want to check it out.....a striking nice piece of equipment.Overall, if you care most about phone reception and quality of calls...buy a Nokia....the n78 was amazing...I had one a few years ago (3000 series), also amazing....does not have to be something as expersive as an n series phone. Nokia makes the best phones in the world....may not make the best gadgets (the iPhone definitely has the wow factor)....but their ability to make a phone is amazingPros:Amazing reception, don't have to worry about losing/dropping calls like with other brands (particularly an issue if reception is not strong)Solid product, feels high quality and great form factorGreat camera! Love that it has a slider lens cover that activates camera when openedFM radio, FM transmitter (use it more than I thought I would)Wifi and bluetooth (very easy to make connections)Unlocked 3G (use ATT)GPS (tried the n78 GPS, assume the n85 is the same)3.5mm headphone jack, great quality loudspeaker (for receiving calls)Fast browserLove the 2 direction slider (keyboard, mp3 controls)Brilliant displayCons:Keyboard not ideal if texting frequentlyPrice may not be what some are willing to pay

I bought this phone about three weeks and I must say, The more I use It the most enthusiastic I got into it, has lots of useful functions, looks sweet and fancy. I would buy it if I had to choose again.

I bought this phone a few days ago and love it.  Reception is great and it hasn't locked up on me yet. Phone has a very solid feel to it when it is in your hands and the build quality is excellent. I carry my phone in my pants pocket and it is like it isn't even there.  Loads of features  and easy to use.  I put my AT+T sim card in powered up the phone and it automatically setup the internet settings for me.  It knows based on the sim card that I have AT+T and configured eveything I needed to access the internet.  Also has a program to help you setup your gmail, hotmail, yahoo or whatever PoP3 or imap account you have.  The 5mp camera is very good for a camera phone and has a flash.  To many feature to go into here.  Great phone, the only negative I would give it is the soft keys tend to be a bit stiff, but nothing that is a deal breaker.

Frankly, this phone has lot of positives but unfortunately they got one of the most basic feature all messed up. To me, that happened to be very very important and hence my low rating. [...].First some good things:1. Very very cute little phone.2. I love the styling and build quality (assuring those who are on sidelines about all the build quality complaints this phone is getting). No slider rattling.3. Keys have a good feel to it and you know you pressed it.4. OLED screen makes this phone shine!5. Great camera for a smartphone.Now, the bad things (I think common to all new N series phone).1. When you add a contact you have his/her Home, Office, and Mobile numbers. Each number have labels to say that along with small Home, Cell, and office icons. Well this phone has same icon for Office and Home number. So, what is the problem? Read on..2. Call logs on this phone are utter useless. If you dial to a HOME or OFFICE number of your friend it appears with Mobile icon in the logs. So, if you go back to logs to dial back you will have no idea which is home or office or mobile number. Also, in logs there is no 'Open' option for the contact to get more details of contact like all other phones have so you can dial to his other numbers. Because of this messed up logs you always have to open contacts, search for the friend and dial. THIS IS A PAIN and drove me nuts while driving as I almost always make most of my calls from Call logs.More details of this known issue which I found after owning the phone:[...]3. Nokia Ovi contacts sync is a big joke. It is supposed to be a online backup for all your contacts on phone. But when  you sync it only syncs one number, one e-mail, and one address per contact. If you contact has 3 phone numbers, 2 e-mails and home, and office addresses, it will one backup one from each category.4. For lot of online applications it keeps prompting do you want to connect online with AT&T; Internet, AT&T; WAP MediaNet, or WiFI every single time. It gets worse for application like Google maps with latitude as they are continuously trying to connect to internet. I checked all options to connect without prompting and it doesn't have that option.So, anyone looking to own a Nokia phone for the first time consider the logs problem before you buy the phone. If you don't use call logs often, then this phone is a lovely one.

phone of the dream! great camera for a phone. no problem so far! definitely worth buying

I bought two of these, one for me, the other one for my son. First of all, this phone has great feature, especially the online feature. I use its bluetooth to connect to my laptop to go online. However, it just has average call quality, lot of static. I am sure this is not the cellular network problem because I have tried on AT&T and T-mobile with the same result.

I ordered this made in China Nokia N85 cellphone, with all those wonderful bells and whistles, on 16 Feb 2009 and received it the next day.  On 4 Sept 2009, the handset stopped working in mid-conversation.  The person I was talking to heard me, but I couldn't hear anything. I can still use it with the loudspeaker (not very private in a crowd) or headset (not very convenient). Today, I sent the phone back for repair (still under warranty).  Luckily, I still have my ancient made in Korea Nokia 1320 that never had a single problem.  There is absolutely no reason why a barely 6 month old cell phone should not work perfectly well, other than shoddy workmanship.  I am so sad that Nokia doesn't seem to produce the high quality products that I have always had with all my previous Nokia cell phones.  Even though Nokia is going to repair the phone (and may use refurbished parts according to the information provided by them) I shudder to think what the future may hold for me...what else will go wrong with this very expensive phone...and whether or not (probably not) it will still be under warranty when the next problem occurs.BUYER BEWARE!Follow-up:  After repairing the audio problem in Sept and returning it to me, the same audio problem happened again in Nov 2009.  I could only use the phone with a headset, not as a handset.  Nokia refused to replace it and instead repaired it for the second time.  I got it back and the phone worked OK until April 6 2010 and it stopped working again.  Now Nokia says that it is out of warranty and will  neither repair nor replace it.  Mine was truly a lemon!  It sounds that maybe others have had a better experience.

At first glance the Nokia N85 seems to have it all: GPS, good camera, 3G features, etc etc etc.After owning one of these for over 2 months now I believe it's safe to say it's one of the best disguised useless gadgets I've ever seen, and here's why:1. After buying it, I spent countless hours searching, installing and configuring stuff that should be in the phone already, like a simple chronometer/timer;2. Things don't work as expected a lot of the time, enough to draw attention to the phone itself. After a while it will become one of those time black holes, instead of saving your time it will make you spend it on the phone trying to figure out how to make it work the way it should;3. The email client. Herein lies a reason that by itself is enough for anyone who demands BASIC functionality from a smartphone stay the hell away from this piece of junk. This item is a little complex but I will try to make my point as clearly as possible.3.1. If you choose to use the internal client and connect directly to your server, you can download all messages or just the last "n" messages, only in PLAIN TEXT, but:3.1.1. If you choose the POP3 protocol, you can either download just headers, messages limited to a certain size or all messages and attachments. No option for entire messages with no attachments. Plus no access to "sent" or "trash" IMAP folders. STUPID.3.1.2. If you choose the IMAP4 protocol, your only option is to download just the headers (headers are just "from", "time received" and "title" fields). EXTREMELY STUPID, because if you're connected over a slow connection it will take you AGES to view each message (as if not enough it takes quite a while for this miserable thing to open a connection).3.2. Now things get really, really annoying. You also have an option to read HTML mail, but guess what? For that to work you have to CREATE AN ACCOUNT at email.nokia.com, and give them your email address AND PASSWORD. Cute isn't it? On top of that, the servers are offline for days, some times even weeks in a row. You will probably read the words "push email" here and there - THAT'S A LIE, the phone performs scheduled downloads from their server. Then WHAT IS THIS GOOD FOR, you'd ask? It's very simple: it will hold you HOSTAGE to Nokia's awful services, and it seems Nokia plans to CHARGE for it in the future, look at that!3.3. You can also purchase a good email client, with the features that should be present in the internal client to begin with, for US$ 30 or so. Not much maybe, but in my opinion outrageous considering, like I've said, IT SHOULD BE INCLUDED IN THE FREAKIN PHONE.4. Maybe the browser isn't supposed to be perfect since it's a mobile one, but when I get to the point of using the browser in my cellphone you can be pretty sure it's an emergency situation. The N85 has FAILED MISERABLY almost every time I've tried to use it in such situations, both with the internal browser and Opera Mini.Final Considerations:I must admit the concept is sound: a smartphone with great hardware (camera/GPS/OLED display/storage capacity) and open software, problem is, software is not that open, and Nokia has lost its honesty towards customers as well as its technological edge.Now I feel like a complete idiot because I recommended this and other Nokia phones to a lot of friends and now I've found out that I was totally, completely, 100% wrong. Also my friends who own iPhones and of whom I used to make fun of will never, EVER leave me alone as I suspect I'll end up buying one.Don't let yourself be fooled like I was. Being tech-savvy I was looking for a phone with a somewhat open architecture and that could be tweaked to my heart's content and ended up going for a brand that deceives its customers with a very, very weak product instead of going for something simple, easy to use and powerful.

excellent product, a nice 5mp camera, 3g capabilities. ita has everything you can ask in a mobile phone

The hardware is great, the PC Suite is horrible. I have some problems with the Suite and could not find answers, not even on Nokia forums. The Suite is vulnerable to smallest deviations from the routine imagined by the Nokia programmers. One example: connecting the phone cable through the front panel USB did not work, through the rear panel did. The Suite does not detect such deviations and the User Guide does not warn about their consequences. You discover the right way by trial and error. Windows Mobile is much better in this respect.

Had the phone for a month then had to return it to Amazon. Features are great. I won't get into the pros as so many ppl covered those already, I will just go over the cons. 1.)The OS seems to freeze itself up at times where it's totally irresponsive to commands. You can press select and nothing happens. Seems to correct itself after a few minutes of idling. 2.)Capturing the highest quality video is very spotty, it will capture for 3-4 seconds, freeze, then continue capturing. If it doesn't work, why offer it in the first place? 3.) battery cover started to rattle after a week, can not stay tug on the phone. It's a little fraustrating. 4.) worst of it all, the earpiece started to fail after 2 weeks. Clearly a connection problem as if you press the back of the phone hard and in different ways, it fixes the problem temp. It's not a signal strength issue because loudspeaker works fine. Seems to be a very common problem for N85 manufactured before Feb 09.

I have mixed feeling while writing this review for Nokia N85. This phone is good but as most of have said despite being equipped with 5 MP Carl Zeiss optics camera it can't replace stand alone camera such as Canon powershot series ones.The call quality is overall good. Never had any listening problem like I had with my iPhone. Screen is sufficient in size, overall good for even casual browsing experience. Phone gets slow when many applications are opened, this shows either the downside of multi-tasking or inability of Symbian OS, 8 GB memory could have been used as partial memory for swapping stuff but I guess it is not (not sure though).There wasn't any native support for Avi Video files for which I installed Divx mobile codecs but I can certainly see video is not rendered properly and hangs after some time. Point I want to make is despite Symbian allows developers to make applications, they are not tested properly enough on all handsets.Built quality is ok, I think the body is unstretchable under normal use, better to use some shield on screen to prevent scratches. Sometimes I can feel slider being pushed backwards heavily and not in a balanced manner.GPS I tried using but failed to use since it doesn't go beyond initial earth rotating screen so can't write about it now.[Update-: It works for me now with Att Media Net plan]Music player is fine and good enough for casual listening.[update] it has FM radio, Internet radio[very good], FM transmitter which can play music through your car stereo using FM frequency[/update]Now coming to software portion, I like updating my every gadget to latest firmware number but I am not able to do so in this case, because Nokia Software Update fail to launch under Windows Vista environment and it doesn't support Mac env..[Update-: It automatically updates from the phone, no need to connect to PC, didn't knew before]Gaming is horrible since I have iphone background, partially the reason is most Nokia N series/ Ngage handsets don't have dedicated GPU chip( exception is N95) so Nokia decided to make non GPU dependent games. iPhone has PowerVR gpu.[Update]Email both POP and Imap can easily be configured, internet can be accessed on Laptop using 3rd Party software called Jaikuspot which makes it WLAN hotspot, so surf whereever you like bus, train, airport, restaurants where 3G is available. Fring is another free cool app which has all IMs and social networking tools such as Facebook, twitter. 3rd party GPS app can be installed such as Garmin XT mobile which works awesome.[/update]I would have given it a 3 star but considering limitation of today's cellphone capabilities I am giving it 4 stars, also due to the fact there are so many 3rd party applications available for free, it is worth neglecting some shortcoming from this phone.[Update-: Should have given 5 stars but 4 stars are ok]

The Nokia N85 is an awesome phone!  The display looks great and all the features work nicely.  The auto-rotate feature isn't very responsive when trying get it back to vertical, but other than that, only praise for this phone.  The camera looks really good and the built-in GPS makes this phone a real 3-in-1 bargain.  I did read a review that said "this phone is painful to message on if you're a major texter" which I am, and it did take some adjusting to since my Nokia 6263 had a much larger keypad and the buttons were out-pressed.  It does get easier and after a while I couldn't text on the 6263 anymore.  I think a case is a good idea but beware before buying one that this phone slides up and down to expose the keypad and music controls, and the case I bought online didn't allow the phone to slide.  Real pointless considering you need to slide the phone to text or dial a number.  This phone also has quite a bit of internal memory and comes with a 7gb memory card.I recommend this phone!!

I recently bought the Nokia N85 Unlocked Smartphone and couldn't be more pleased with it. It has almost all of the same features as the slightly more expensive bigger, and older brother, the N95. The build quality was quite excellent. It felt hefty enough in my hands that it made it seem like a sturdy and substantial smartphone. Not too much so that it was a burden on my pocket or for leisure carrying. This item should satisfy most anyone looking for a new smartphone. It will also satisy most anyone who is looking for a multimedia rich smartphone too.Have fun with yours, you won't be disappointed.Vernon

I like the phone. Just does not have great range. In town, it can't be beat. Out of town, hope and pray you get a signal.

I purchased this phone for my girlfriend for x-mas.  The previous reviews have gone into depth with the features and what is possible.From both of our experiences, S60, the phone's OS, does have a learning curve, but offers up more options than any previous phone we have owned.  This phone makes me want to get rid of my iPhone because of everything it does, let alone not have to pay to add on third party apps because everything works out of the box.The camera takes excellent pictures and does well in and outdoors.File transfers are easier on a Mac, but if you have Windows, do not fret as it is not too terribly difficult.  Nokia's website is extremely helpful for trouble shooting and learning how to make things work.If you are looking a new nokia phone, purchase this one.  It will not disappoint.Because of this phone, I am patiently waiting for the N97.

Takes very good photos, though not in low light.  Hardware is sloppily built, lots of wiggles, not tight at all.  Keys are unusable.  S60 OS is mature and runs well.

This phone is not worth buying for the following reasons.Cons*If you text a lot then don't buy this phone... the keyboard in tiny and flimsy.*The phone locks often and you have to turn it off and then back on.*The camera has a lag before it captures an image causing blurry shots, when you do manage to get a clean shot(in sunlight)it's very good.Pros*Sound quality of the music player is very good.*Screen is awesome for showing images.*Lots of storage space for music and images.Final Review: Below Average for the constant locking of the controls.

The N85 takes the best pictures I have ever seen on a phone, as well as the best video. The sound quality on a good pair of headphones is top-notch as well. The call quality is pretty good, and reception is better than average. The FM transmitter works well only if the channel you're using has no signals near it in frequency, but when in my car i use the auxiliary input instead. Another welcome surprise was the internet radio quality, which lets me stream music mostly uninterrupted. INternet is speedy on 3G, but flies on a wi-fi network. Tethering is also possible with the right circumstances.With any new phone, there are bound to be bugs, but this phone has been out for over 6 months, and still has buggy software. The phone sometimes freezes during music playback, and unfreezes only when slid open or closed. The audio switches from headphone to speakerphone when you get a message, which can be quite annoying. The video recording sometimes freezes, a problem caused apparently by fragmentation on the microSD card. If you can put up with those issues, then this phone will work well for you.Some other notes. The slider has some give, and makes the phone feel a bit flimsy, but I have dropped it once with no repercussions. Purchase a good pair of headphones, and IMMEDIATELY apply an invisishield cover to protect from scratches, to which the N85 is quite prone.Also, do NOT install the Nokia software suite unless you have to, as it will run a process on your pc which will slow your pc way down. Simply hooking the N85 to a pc running Vista or XP lets you do most of the things you need to flawlessly, including syncing with windows media player, and uploading pictures and video.

I have been using the phone for 2 weeks now. I can say for the price on Amazon dont hesitate on this phone.I read many reviews before deciding to give it a try. The phone is well put together despite being made out of plastic and made in China, but not as good as my various SE phones, HTC phones and not as good as nokia e models (well, look and compare prices). I understand now why people called it cheaply made because when I press its buttons it makes little creaky sound, and that's exactly the result of the design ( 2 flat piece of plastic cover most the buttons and the keyboard), I dont mind this, the phone is stunning looking both on and off.The symbian s60 on this n85 is a really good. It will take some learning for all the short cuts but very nice compared to window mobile 6.1 on my htc wing phone. (the os did freeze one time in 2 weeks use and required battery removal)I'm from Orange county Calif, and the phone pick up satelite signal very very quickly, it feels just as fast as my garmin 680. Google map around here is better than Nokia map. But I dont use any GPS that much (returned the Garmin)Music player works just fine, FM transmitter work nicely, internet radio sound good. (have not try OTA radio)Camera is one of the things  I get this phone for and I'm happy with the result (Camera performance is not as snappy as SE). Video recording feature works beautifully, no freezing or zittering.Web capability is quite good, s60 browser is fast, even though I wish it has optical d pad as in say samsung innov8. Wifi is strong, no problem bluetooth connection with my motorola headset.Cell signal is strong and voice quality is typical good nokia phone.I recommend this phone. (Dont buy houses, cars...such an exciting time  to buy so called "cell phone")

I've had the phone for six months and am completely satisfied.  I'm amazed at the number or featuresin this small package. All the features work as advertised except the FM transmitter in my 4Runner, probably because the car's antenna is, I believe, in the back glass.  I moved up from a n75 which had terrible battery life; the N85 is, maybe,five times better.On a side note, I dropped the phone and it would no longer charge.  I thought the phone was outof warranty, but on calling NokiaUSA to see about getting it repaired, it wasn't.  They immediatelyeMailed me a UPS shipping label and directions.  I took the bare phone to a UPS store and they tookit packaged it and sent it on its way.  One week later a new phone showed up at my door. No money out of my pocket. In the future I'll need a real good reason to buy any other brand of phone.  Also, the replacement's fit is about the same.  That is to say, there is a small amount of play in the slider parts.Of course, there has to be some play for parts to slide under different temperature conditions.I don't find this a problem.

I think that this phone is the best from NOKIA, have all the features that the comun people need. I use this phone in Venezuela and I am very happy for this recommendation from Amazon. Superior phone !!!! Thanks Amazon .

I've owned several Nokia phones over the years: 2190, 6190, 8890, 6310i, 6230, 6133.  These were all "dumb" phones, although I think they were all quite capable for their times, especially the last one.  This time around, I decided to go with a Nokia smartphone and picked the N85 because of its amazing array of features, compact dimensions, and a very reasonable price after rebate.Being a novice S60 user, I won't write a lot about it.  It is obviously a very mature and powerful software platform that's also easy to use.  Sure, there are a few quirks, and a couple of things seem like they are done a little better in Series 40, but, generally, this thing is a joy to use from the software perspective.  Like the other current Nseries devices, this one is a true multimedia powerhouse.  Unfortunately, I am disappointed in the hardware.The biggest disappointment is the OLED display.  I don't understand why everyone raves about it.  The problem is that it is incapable of producing any shade of grey, which is immediately obvious when the default Nseries theme with abstract grey figures in the background is selected.  The grays look brown.  Even with the brightness set to the maximum level, the grays still have a hint of brown in them, and with the brightness control set in the middle, everything has a brownish tint.  I also don't really like the material that the phone is made of.  It looks better on pictures than in your hand.  I prefer matte plastics that don't show dirt and fingerprints so much.The next problem is the center button and the Navi wheel.  They are loose and imprecise.  The center button makes a rather loud clicking sound.  The Navi wheel is too narrow, and the center button is too close to it, so I constantly hit the down scroll button and the center button simultaneously, which produces an even louder clicking sound.  Luckily, hitting both the buttons still yields the desired result, but these controls can prove tricky even for small fingers.  The touch-sensitive Navi wheel is a gimmick that works sometimes; it's easier to just use the scroll buttons.  The other buttons on the front of the phone are a little harder to press than I would like and also make loud clicks.  I see that Nokia may have addressed this issue in the N86, which appears to have separate buttons, whereas the soft left menu, soft right menu, main menu, and clear buttons on the N85 are all a single piece of plastic.  The dial pad is good though.The camera in this phone also fails to impress me.  Don't expect it to replace your regular point-and-shooter.  It is nice to have a 5-megapixel camera on you all the time, just in case, but you'll still want to bring your main camera on trips and to events.  Same issue with the built-in stereo speakers: I've never seen or heard a Nokia with decent speakers.  Sony Ericsson phones sound a lot better.The phone is a little heavy and nearly impossible to use with the slide closed, because the buttons are so close to the bottom edge, but it is alright with the slide open.  The spring-loaded slide mechanism works quite well, but opening the multimedia side is not as easy as opening the dial pad side; I feel like I'm going to drop the phone whenever I try to get to the multimedia keys.  The battery cover is a little loose, but it's not really a problem.  The good news is that it's easy to remove and put back, if you have to replace batteries and/or SIM cards often.So, what can I say in conclusion?  In my mind, the versatility of the S60 3rd Edition FP2 and the vast world of available applications definitely make up for the problems with the N85's hardware.  I'm sure I'll get used to it.  Had it been more expensive, I would've seriously considered returning it and looking at other options, but I think it's worth the $300 that I paid for it (after rebate), and I'm happy with it in the end.UPDATE AFTER HAVING HAD THE PHONE FOR 2 MONTHS:I'd like to add that my opinion has not changed after I've had the phone for 2 months.  As I expected, I got used to the phone and its shortcomings, which are easy to overlook.  I was a bit skeptical when I first heard Nokia label their Nseries devices "multimedia computers", but I have to say they were right to do so: this phone really deserves the title.  The software is just a little buggy, but Nokia has already released a major firmware update for the European N85 variant, so they will provide one for the North American model very soon.  If you're still undecided, I highly recommend this phone.  It's the best value right now.

THis is my backup phone and I got it a while back but honestly it is hard to use and the music feature of the phone is awful. The hardward I have no complaints about it works and can take a beating but the software interface is just awful. Nokia makes you wade knee deep in menus it makes it a headache to do anything. I cannot recommend for anyone. I would buy so many other options-this one is not for you.

Model = N85-3 (whatever that means)NOTE: Amazon had super speedy delivery on this; I think I ordered on a Saturday and received it on Monday, via regular free shipping!Pros:1. GSM World roaming --> 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz.2. Highspeed Cellular Internet --> HSDPA.3. Wi-Fi that supports WPA passwords.4. Bluetooth that supports data transmissions (MP3, pictures, files, etc.) to/from PC.5. Decent still Camera that also works half-decent at night when taking pictures of people (i.e. not far distant objects).6. Video Camcorder that also takes decent video, but not stellar.7. FM Transmitter to an FM radio so that you never need another cable or CD again to listen to "your" music in the car, woohoo!8. Charges phone over USB while connected to PC, very helpful and useful since all you need is one thin cable in your notebook backpack. (I've read elsewhere that this did not charge the phone, but mine does charge via a USB to USB connection on a PC.)9. Installable applications onto the OS for "missing" functions such as Skype, Googlemaps, Google translater, Joiku (turns phone into Wi-Fi access point for a PC), etc.10. Nokia maps are decent and useful; download them on your PC and then upload to phone since they are quite large, i.e. 85MB for a US State11. Can play converted movie videos12. Loud volume for those of us that don't like to strain to hear13. The box includes all necessary cables to perform all functions of the phone, (USB to USB, USB to AC Charger, Earphones, Volume control cord, hands-free, etc.)14. NGage installable games are plentiful and fun, but see comments in "Neutral" section below...also Java games can be added too...15. Sharp, clear, crisp and bright screen that is easy on the eyes and very readable.16. It is unlocked and thus I just popped my GSM card in and it works!17. Can display Acrobat files and such....18. Lithium battery came pre-charged for use right out of the box ;)19. Comes with 8GB card already installed and formatted.20. Has nice camera lens cover slider that changes the phone to camera mode automatically when the lens cover is opened.  Very convenient for taking quick pictures.  But see "Cons" number 8. below about the video mode.Cons:1. GPS is waaayyyy tooooo slow and finicky to be useful...it can take 3-4 minutes to get a lock on 4 satellites (the minimum required).  Moving around near buildings makes it drop the sat connections.  Obviously does NOT work AT ALL indoors...!2. GPS is not usable inside a CAR!?!?  Yes, it's true; you must hold the phone out under the windshield to get the necessary 4-sat signal going.  Pulling the phone back in front of you (i.e. under the car roof where you are normally sitting) will cause the sat connections to drop.3. After 1 week of continued use, the plastic button covers are starting to squeek and creek, looking like they are going to crack or just plain fall off.4. Symbian OS is way too slow and convoluted to be useful.  I've never used it before and I must say it is like learning MS Windoze all over again...yyyuuuucckkk!  Menus on any hand-held device should never be more than 2-layers deep and always be intuitive by title.  This uses 4-5 layer deep menus and is NOT intuitive by title, which makes it extremely difficult to impossible to find stuff without the manual.  COME ON people?!?!  This is the 21st century for crying out loud, you can do better than this!!!5. Voice quality on earpiece and speakerphone is mediocre. (garbled). I expect much better than this on technology that is over 25 years old!!! How hard can it be to make an earpiece and loudspeaker?  My 5-year-old Sony Ericsson phone sounds way better than this all the way around, and I don't even like SE phones.6. The whole "bar" and "slider" concept for a phone in general.  I can't imagine that A LOT of this style of phone doesn't get cracked screens more frequently than clam-shell type phones...  Do people really like these bar/slider phones with exposed screens?7. Sometimes the OS appears to "lock-up", but if you wait, like, 5 minutes it eventually frees itself up.8. Recording video is jerky and not smooth, freezing every 3-4 seconds and then continuing on, then freezing, so on and so forth...Neutral:1. Music on stereo speakers is mediocre2. Mechanical slider rattles a bit, but not excessively; it shouldn't rattle at all really...4. Too many modes to set when connecting to a PC (1. Nokia PC Suite, 2. simple data storage drive, 3. multimedia mode - pictures & videos, 4. copy-protected files mode).  Should only be one mode that detects what you are doing in software and switches transparent to the user (with manual override if necessary).  Obviously, the engineering didn't have time to sort this out before production began so they went with the "4-mode" quick-fix.5. NGage Games don't play as smooth as Nintendo DS or PSP.  My understanding is that the N85 is missing a 3D graphics card that was present in other Nokia phones, and this is apparent in the game graphics quality.6. Web surfing is ok, but difficult to really navigate that much on the web.  It does allow you to reduce the size of the displayed page to 75% and 50% size, but at this rate you will need a magnifying glass to read some of the web content, even though the screen is very sharp and crisp)7. Battery life seems ok, but not great and not bad either.  Lasts 2-3 days on a charge using all of the functions listed above (i.e. GSM calls, FM tranmitter, GPS, movie player, still pictures, camcorder, games, surfing web, etc.).Conclusion:I really, really wanted to like this phone and keep it, but I just can't justify the well over three hundred price tag for a flawed product.  My second choice is a Sony Ericsson G705 (but I'm hesitant about SE), but it lacks some major functions the N85 has, such as FM Transmitter, user installable Apps like Joiku, Google maps and Skype, and a gaming platform like NGage.  Nokia tried hard but just couldn't pull off the merger between Cellular, GPS, High-Speed Wireless Internet, Wi-Fi, MP4, Camera, Camcorder, FM transmitter, document viewer and Gaming since the merging of all of these together just isn't there yet...!  Bummer!I really, very much hope that Nokia addresses these problems in the near future.  If so, I would without question definitely buy two phones and recommend the N85 to everybody I know.  But as it stands now though, I'm not going to keep even one... :(

What can I say about this cell phone? That it has the best camera Ive seen, incredible battery and sweet FM trasmiter? Well, maybe. All I can say is that this is the best phone Ive had myself. Outstanding features in an outstanding prduct. For sure it has things to improve (like it could use some more processing speed), but its nothig that takes its winner position.I Love itA bit more detail.Things that are very good or perfect- FM Transmitter- TV connection- WIFI- Camera at "normal" light- Built in SW set- Picture edition built-in- GPS mapsThings that could use some improvement, but are still good- Camera Flash (or night shots)- the plastics arround the NaviWhell(r)- Processor speed in some operations- GPS navigation

It's now over a couple of months, using this phone. Now they updated the Firmware Version to 30.019.201.3. I think this phone has remarkable improvement over N95 and holds worth compared to N97. I am using 16GB Class 5 MicroSD card with it.. now, over a month and with no issues. OLED display and FM Transmitter makes it a unique phone.

Nokia N85 Unlocked Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Copper)If everything worked this phone would have been fantastic.  However, it constantly hangs, it is slow, it is lousy at picking up a Wi-Fi signal, deletes music out of the library, deletes phone log,  and the list goes on.I used to have Sony's and thought I'd try Nokia.  Guess I'll go back to Sony.

This one star goes to Nokia as a company, not to the phone because I did not have the chance to use it. It came unusable from factory!.Also, five stars to Amazon because they have a really great return policy and easy to follow procedures.I still cannot believe that a big company like Nokia does not have a quality test on its production line to avoid things like this from happening.The phone was delivered by Amazon but the seller was Nokia itself. It came on a sealed package, and after putting in and charging the battery, the display did not work.At the beginning, I though I was dumb enough to not understand how to power on the phone. But after a few tests and talking with Nokia support, it was clear that the phone worked, but the display did not.I was able to hear it play music, and to take pictures with flash, just pushing buttons blindly.Although phone functionalities looks great, this experience has taken away the trust I had on Nokia. Having today so many choices to buy a cell phone with great functionalities and design from a variety of companies, I will put my money and confidence on companies who takes customer experience a little bit seriously.

I really wanted to love the Nokia N85.  But after 6 months of using this phone, all I can think of is the many ways it has failed me.I bought the phone for it's all-in-one features, phone, email, gps, music player, camera, games, even the FM radio.  Just about every one of those features has not lived up to expectations.  I brought the phone on my honeymoon in Europe to take pictures and video, use the internet when I had wifi, and watch some movies during my downtime on trains and planes.  Unfortunately about halfway through the trip, my memory card somehow became corrupt and all my videos were gone.  By the end of the trip, just about all the images and videos I took over the two weeks had been lost. Just gone, *poof*.  Luckily I was able to retrieve the images using a windows program to retrieve lost images from a corrupt memory card, but the videos are gone forever.The music player is nice when it works, but it too somehow became corrupt, and none of my music appears in my library any longer.  The only way to play those songs is to use the file browser to navigate to the folder where the song is saved and play each song individually.Sometimes the phone gets in a state where it will not make any calls from the contacts list or recent calls.  The only way to dial is to manually type in a number -- the only way to fix this is to reboot.  The most fundamental feature of this device, making calls, is broken.  Go figure.I downloaded the trial for Age of Empires III through N-gage to try out the gaming features of the phone.  After I played the game and exited, I could not launch any other application on the phone until I rebooted.The camera flash is so incredibly bright that if I take a picture of anyone, they are always squinting.  (The flash comes on before the shutter in order to focus).The one bright spot of this phone is the quality of the video recordings. They are very sharp and clear, with good stabilisation to make up for shaky hands.  The rest of the device is just one disappointment after another.  Nokia needs to do a way better job of quality control and testing of their firmware before releasing a product like this.

This phone has a mighty length of features.  Simple stated, it has all the features that you will ever need and more.  The OLED screen will blow you away. But the build quality is unacceptable.  The actual numeric keypad is nice and usable but the D-Pad and the keys around it are horrible.  They are hard to press.  The plastic is cheap.  It creaks and looks like put together with some cheap glue... really bad quality.  I tried my best to hang on to it but at the end returned the product for this reason.

There is no other phone on the market as rich on feathers as Nokia N85 for which I love it!Poor built quality for which I hate it.

All the great things about this phone including size are erased by a faulty headset speaker, which according to a couple of people at Nokia Discussion's forum even if I sent the phone to Nokia Service, after a couple of weeks the speaker will probably break down again. Apparently this happens with phones whose IMEI digits 7th and 8th are "02". Can I check with Amazon before buying about the IMEI digits?......

Do not even consider purchasing this phone.As a Nokia fan and owner of a N95-3 (a great device), everything about this phone looked & sounded great.  It has all the same featues packed into a sleeker, more attractive body, with a higher end screen and equivalent battery life, for a lower price.  Sounds perfect, in theory.But... spend some time reading comments around Amazon and other review sites, and you'll notice a common theme: horrible build quality.  It seems Nokia has cut so many corners on component quality to drive the price of the N85 down that you stand little chance to get one that will work properly for a decent length of time.I've personally been through 2; the first worked well for 1 week and then the in-ear speaker quit working, so I couldn't hear anybody on the other end. An inexplicable component failure I've never seen in other handsets regardless of brand.  The second unit appeared to be okay for the first couple days, and then on any call that lasted more than 10 minutes, would start to randomly cut in and out, mysteriously dropping words & entire sentences, and sometimes dropping the call altogether.  Thought it was the network the first couple times, but as a regular occurrence 2-3 times a day (with full bars) realized it was definitely the phone.Read other reviews and you'll see a multitude of other quality issues, including dust under the screen, creaking buttons, hardware freeze-ups, etc.You may think to yourself, "good phone at a good price, I'll take my chances and hope I get one that works", but no, DON'T do it.  I am pleading with you, don't even try it, because the phone will fail - under warranty if you're lucky - or possibly 8 months down the road, and you'll be out $300 and feeling stupid.  Get an N95 instead, or an N97 if you have the cash.

Good device; the interface could be a bit more intuitive; the download Nokia software for PC / mobile interface such as sync of Outlook elements is confusing and technical support confused.

This is an updated review; I originally wrote it before this phone was commercially available in the USA.  After having tried one out in a store in Singapore, I had decided to keep myN95 8GBand wait for theN97instead.  First, I was unimpressed with the keypad design, as the flat surface gives you very little guidance to help you hit the right keys.  Plus, both the N85 nor theN96are merely incremental upgrades, neither one offering the type of groundbreaking advances that the N95 did two years ago.Well, being a compulsive gadget geek, I succumbed in a weak moment.  As the price started dropping (and it has been dropping fast, and continues to do so!) I latched on.  The couple of factors that did it for me was the bright, crisp screen (and it is gorgeous!) and its smaller, more pocket-friendly size compared to the N95.  Also, I liked the new features that it offered: Tri-band UMTS ("worldwide" 3G), FM transmitter, a UI upgrade with "transition effects".I was soon taken in with the N85.  Not only does it have a much sleeker and modern-looking design than the N95 (especially the N95-3 now looks klunky by comparison), but there are dozens and dozens of little details that have been tweaked in the user interface, making for an overall more pleasant experience.One thing that came up for me, as apparently for many others, is the issue of build quality.  After having used the N85 for less than two weeks, a lot of dust had gathered underneath the display - it turns out it is not sealed properly onto the base.  I returned it to Amazon for a replacement - initially I actually ordered a N96 because of this issue.  It turns out that there were other problems with the N96 (particularly related to its slow performance and low available run-time memory), so I returned that too in favor of my second N85.  This time I was luckier, and I can now say that I have never been as happy with any other phone.My original review follows, including some reasons I had planned to forgo it; I have marked updates as appropriate.Both the N85 and N96 incorporate nearly every feature of the N95: GPS w/optional voice navigation, 5 MP camera with LED flash (though these newer models use two LEDs for brighter indoor pictures) and built-in geotagging, support for up to 32GB of SDHC removable memory (currently 16GB are largest available), standard 3.5mm headphone/headset connector which doubles as a TV-out port, comprehensive bluetooth suppport, and last but not least Symbian S60 (by far the most popular smartphone operating system in the world, far ahead of Windows Mobile, Blackberry OS, iPhone, etc - with a corresponding wealth of available applications).  See my review of the N95 8GB for some more details.  Also, both the N95, N85 and N96 are issued in a "standard" version for international markets, and a "NAM" version for enhanced support of North American 3G networks.The N85 and N96 differ from each other as follows:UPDATE: I have added the older N95 8GB into the mix for comparison's sake.* The N85 has a 2.6" OLED screen, whereas the N95 8GB and N96 has a 2.8" standard LCD screen.  OLED offers brigher colors, especially in sunlight, and lower power consumption (longer battery life).  That's because the pixels themselves illuminate, rather than relying on a backlight to do this.* Both the N85 and N96 are running S60 release 3 "Feature Pack 2", which means that they support "transition effects" for an overall smoother UI and interactive experience.  In particular, the N85 seems overall more "modern" than the older N95.  (ADDED 3/19/09)* In addition to quad-band GSM/2G (850/1900 MHz for North America, 900/1800 MHz for the world outside), the N85 also has a tri-band UMTS radio.  The North American version supports the 850/1900 MHz UMTS bands (for e.g. AT&T;), plus 2100 MHz for roaming internationally, while the N85 8GB NAM and N96 NAM only supports 850/1900 MHz.  (Conversely, the international versions of the N85 and N95/N96 support 900/1900/2100 MHz and simply 900/2100 MHz, respectively).  In short, it means that if you take your N85 with you abroad, you should still be able to get faster 3G coverage in most places where available, something which is not true for either the N95 or the N96.  (Plus, among the North American models, the N85 is the only one that also will work in Japan, since there is no 2G/GSM network available there, only 3G/UMTS over 2100 MHz).* The N85 has a built-in FM transmitter, for streaming voice calls and music e.g. to your car stereo.  This is particularly useful if your car is not equipped with bluetooth (incl. A2DP) technology.* The N96 has a built-in TV tuner, supporting DVB-H (Digital Video Broadcasting for Handhelds).  However this feature is not enabled in the North American version, because such broacasts are not available here.  AT&T;, like other North American carriers, have instead chosen to use MediaFLO for digital video broadcasts.* The N96 has 16GB of built-in mass storage, in addition to a SDHC slot.  Thus, in theory, it is able to store up to 48GB of data with the addition of a 32GB SDHC card.  The N95 8GB is limited to the same 8GB of memory for its lifetime, while the N85 has a SDHC slot (I currently use a 16GB card in it).* The N85's processor contains a 369 MHz ARM11 core, while the N96 has a dual 264 MHz ARM9.  It is difficult to say which one performs better, but both use Symbian S60 version 3 feature pack 2, which offers significant improvements in interactive feel over the N95 (which contained a 333 MHz ARM11 core).  That said, none of these have the graphics coprocessor that the N95 did, so applications (mainly games) that are optimized for this, will run much faster on the older N95.  The N95 also wins hands down in JBenchmark trials.UPDATE 3/18/09: Now having owned/tried all three, I can say that overall, the N85 is the snappiest one of the bunch.  The N96, in contrast, is quite underperforming; it even has problems streaming audio to my Pioneer car stereo over Bluetooth A2DP without hickups every 11-12 seconds.  As for interactive use, both the N85 and N96 feel a little bit quicker than the older N95.* Some people have complained about cheap, plasticky build quality on the N85 (see e.g. HowardForums); in particular, the keypad is seemingly somewhat flimsy and simply glued onto the phone.  People who have tried both generally seem to prefer the N96 on this account.UPDATE 2/8/09: With a few day's use of the N85 under my belt, I'd say it is no worse than the N95.  The keys are flat and with less tactile feedback, so it may be a little bit more difficult to text with one hand; however it's no worse than, say, the Motorola RAZR or some Samsung phones.UPDATE 2/19/09: As described above, mine had a problem with the display peeling off the base, and dust gathering underneth.UPDATE 3/19/09: My replacement N85 has been stellar.* The N85 is smaller (mainly due to the smaller screen) and will fit easier into your pocket.  UPDATE: Both the N85 and N96 are slimmer than the N95.* Both the N85 and N96 use the micro-USB standard (a slightly wider and flatter connector than mini-USB as seen on the N95) for data, and both can be charged through this port as well.  In addition, the N96 has a separate Nokia charging connector.  Now, here is the single reason I will not be replacing my N95 with a N85: This connector is at the top of the phone!  To me, this is stupid (and the only reason I subtracted a star from my rating), because it precludes the ability for third party manufacturers of docks and cradles to create one that you simply dock your N85 into for syncing/charging.  This is especially important in your car, if you plan on using the GPS navigation feature of this phone (keep in mind that when the GPS reciever is turned on, the batteries are drained pretty fast).  With my N95 8GB, i simply got aBrodit/ProClip device holder, along with a correspondingvehicle mount from PanaVise, and voila - I have a very nice little GPS device/music player/etc readily available; the N85 is definitely a bit more cumbersome in this regard.  UPDATE: Obviously I caved in and got the N85 anyway.  [...] now has a cradle for the N85 - but as I said, it does require that you manually plug the charging connector into the phone.* As always, beware of rather dismal repair/warranty service from Nokia USA (c/o PALCO).  You buy it, you own it.  You should be able to do most repairs yourself, though, with parts from e.g. cnn.cn - once available for this device.  UPDATE: Various customer accounts both here and on[..] indicate that PALCO have gotten significantly better lately.All this said, the bottom line is that there is simply no match for these phones when it comes to their sheer capabilities and the amount of features found on them.  Sure there are phones out there with more emphasis on ease of use and eye candy (e.g. iPhone), and sure there are ones with their own unique features/gimmicks (e.g. the Google Applications in the new T-Mobile G1) - but Nokia S60 smartphones are widely regarded as pure workhorses with the best overall feature sets.The N85 pushes the limits a little further, and is perhaps the phone with the most capabilities on the market today.  But if you are concerned about a solid build, you might want to consider the N95 8GB or N96 instead.  Or, wait for the newly announced N86 8MP, where apparently a lot more attention has been paid to build quality.

Nokia N85 Unlocked Cell Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Copper)As a former Nokia employee I am both a Nokia fan and slightly more informed critic.  I have a Nokia N95 & E66.  I was hoping to find a replacement that would marry the software improvements of the E66 with some of the functionality of the N95, particularly the camera.The N85 software is stunning.  The best Nokia has done by far.  This now also supports over the air firmware updates so hopefully Nokia will try to deploy minor improvements more frequently than in the past.The camera is awesome.  It supports geotagging.  So, you can take a pic (or movie) and upload it to a photo service like Google's Picasa and the location will show up on an accompanying map. Totally, totally, awesome stuff.  The media library viewer is awesome.  It incorporates the functionality of the formerly separate Nokia LifeBlog.Like I said the software is awesome.  It pains me to return the phone.However, I live in San Francisco, CA, a city with marginal coverage which is worsened by dead spots created by hills everywhere.  Despite this environment my E66 and N95 can hold a connection from the bottom of Twin Peaks all the way to the top without dropping a call (the E66 most dependably).  Unfortunately, the N85 doesn't just drop calls it looses signal for much of the journey.Also, the Bluetooth interface performs poorly.  Firstly, it is very difficult to get it to pair automatically with devices that pair with no problem to both my E66 and N95, for example Sony Ericcson HBH-IS800 headphones or my Apple laptop.  Secondly, when it does connect to the headphones its looses signal often.  I can't put my phone in my pocket or audio will cut in and out.  I have to hold it in my hand or place it somewhere with a clear line of site within 3 feet or so to prevent audio cutting in and out.  Both my N95 and E66 connect easily and rarely cut out.I think these wireless link quality issues will be difficult to remedy with firmware updates.  They are dependent on the types of RF and analog/digital processing components built-into the device as well as the antenna placement within the device.  Also, I have a feeling that the N85 is a lower price to either the E66 or N95 because it has fewer processing cores.  I'm guessing that on the E66 and N95 the bluetooth processing gets offloaded to a dedicated processor whereas on the N85 it is done by the main processing core in parallel with multiple other functions.In any case, the software improvement on this phone is without question.  The form factor is simple and elegant.  It feels great in the hand.  It is so much closer to the smart phone I had always hoped to have.  BUT, the lack of wireless dependability makes an otherwise great phone, with all its great software improvements, meaningless.  So, I am returning this phone.

this its a great phone weel the system have some hangs up but is pretty good is strong but i killed when  i tried to download the new firmware well it was six months ago and i miss it but it ressist all the hit i feet it i throw water sand and a lot of things in it it was in the war hahahaha ists a good phone but not is a little old
