
I must say this is a great phone. So simple yet powerful. It is slim enough that it doesn't bother me when it is in my pocket.

todo como estaba previsto caracter&iacute;sticas del producto fecha de entrega y en buen estado recomendado a todos el vendedor responsable

I have only had my phone for a day so my review is based solely on first impression. The phone has no visible flaws. Initially, I was very timid with the phone when opening the back, removing the battery, inserting the sim card etc. The back is not easy to remove nor to replace. Everything is working fine. I checked the features and found them easy to manipulate to suit my preferences. The phone indicates exactly what each icon represents and its purpose; it prompts to confirm most changes but not all. It's lightweight, smooth and shiny so it deserves a protective case to avoid scratches.

These phones are not unlocked. Are lies!! I am very upsetThe sereal is blocked

Pros: It has a built in calendar, memo pad (you can leave the stack of post-its at home now), alarm clock, and stereo bluetooth to name just a few of the extras you get WITH the phone. It can use downloaded ringtones, or you can make your own from mp3's with the included software. The software can also lower the bitrate of any mp3's you want to put on the phone so you can put more of them on it. It also serves as an internet portal for your laptop if you don't have a wireless card for it (my wife's Compaq doesn't even have a slot, so this worked great when we took a road trip last year) ... Oh yeah - it's a pretty good phone, tooCons: It doesn't have GPS built in, it won't make the coffee or tie my shoes. The sound from the mp3 player tends to be a little muddy, but considering that its first duty is a phone, it's passable

regular, does not meet my expectations when it comes to quality, functionality and handling of the product, besides the remarkable physical conditions

The new Blackberry Curve cell phone I ordered came from OEM and it was defective. I spent almost two weeks trying to get it to work even replacing the battery.I had trouble getting in touch with the company and had to call Amazon for help.The Amazon rep, was very helpful and walked me through the contact process and I was able to finally get a REM# to return the product.It was a frustrating experience with OEM. I am awaiting a full refund.

The phone was not as described. Battery came dead, replaced it but then the non-blackberry supplied charger did not work. No original blackberry accessories came.Bad choice!

Overall, this has been an OK PDA. My biggest gripe is that every 60 days I'm required to update my hotmail password through some obscure process with poorly written instructions siting links that don't exist. I am left trying to figure out the update without instruction. If I don't jump through the hoops, then I don't get emails from my hotmail account to the blackberry pearl.  It is painfully annoying.  If they must do this, why not at least make it a more clear straight forward process? It is almost as if either hotmail or blackberry are discouraging use of these products together. It has certainly made me consider trading up for an IPhone next time I upgrade. The other querky thing is that my blackberry changes the typing style (double click or recongizing what words I'm trying to type)periodically without a known cause. I keep my phone in locked mode when not in use so perhaps it is a software problem.  In all other aspects is has been ok, but in no way exceptional.

este articulo vino en perfecto estado, 100% recomendado, cualquier duda o preguntaescribir a joaquinrg25@gmail.com, vamos a crear una comunidad critica en espa&ntilde;ol..saludos a todos los compradores...

very disspointed in this product! the camera quality is poor, the view is blurred, the call button has to be pressed so many times before you can redial a number. the black berry cd appears to be a fake as it wont install!! i am absolutely dissapointed.

Excelente, muy buen telefono, bellisimo y de muy buena calidad, acabados de primera, servicio r&aacute;pido, y puntual, los recomiendo 100%

EStoy muy molesta el celular lo venden como nuevo y en realidad con reconstruidos.Vino defectuoso se le quemo el display.No lo recomiendo.

This phone  is not charging for whatever reason when it charge it dies almost immediately I wish I had it.

i brought this phone and its was use it had a old battery in it in the furture when sellin or sendin sumthing for customers please mak sure the product is gud i got burn dont want anyone else to go through wht i went through. i'll rate this company as a zero because they fail to help. its just a hole bunch of runnin around.i bought it from wirenovia

I bought two Blackberry Pearl 8100 at same time for a christmas present for my daughters thinking that they where new, but they didn't, both were refurbished.One of them have serius problems with the keyboard, the other have problem with the ball and both turn off with no reason.I really recommend not to buy this Blackberry model.I feel swindled.

Sorry, it looked better on line than when I got it and opened it, the keyboard is very small, and its not easy to operate, I think way too confusing... I've only used it for half day as best as I could and am now starting to ask around to try and sell it off. I was much happier with my old Nokia phone, switched the SIM card back and I'd rather use that for the ease of operation, even if its considered a relic!

The item is not what is promised .. This was a old refurbished phone and not a new phone .. I would strongly recommend people to not buy this from amazon

Purchase this phone as a gift and it left me very embarrassed. You can hear clearly the person calling, but no one hears you. The phone is not new, very refurbished and a total fake. Nothing seems to work.

The minute I turned this phone on I knew it was gonna be problematic! First of all, there was a note at the top of the screen that said &#34;Data connection refused&#34;. Really? Smh. Considering that I paid like $5 more for a similar product from a different dealer five months ago, I didn't think I would have any problems with this phone but I was unpleasantly surprised! I had to pay to get an upgrade and its still not operating at the level I desire.

no lo recomiendo para nada, es un tlf muy lento de poca calidad, aun cuando lo enviaron en el tiempo ofrecido

Initial response when the phone was received was great.  It was in "Almost New" condition.  It also worked and showed no signs of being defective.  The only problem I have with this phone is the 2 of the letters on the keyboard does not work.  When you try to write a text message using the T or Y, a Z appears on the screen.  I have to push the Z button to get a T or Y.

Good:1. item came on time2. looks in great conditionBAD:had a couple issues1. The earpiece sent with the device has a 3.5mm connection while the pearl has a 2.5mm jack so i will have to buy a new earpiece or an adapter for the 3.5mm2. The enter key sometimes presses itself... for example typing a message in blackberry messenger and it just sends in the middle of typing.

Operators of movil telephones in Venezuela told me this phone have a invalid serial. This is beacuse use one serial for two phones aparently. No one movile operators right here cand help me aboput that case.

these phones are not unlocked!!  i got two and both of them rejected the sim cards.

excellent phone. blackberry is the best mark on the market for smart phones. recommended for those who like to walk always communicated with the world

This is a good option if you don't want to spend too much money and have a blackberry.If you are a fanatic user of computers, chats and messengers, I would recommend a bigger bb phone, like 8320, 8520.8100 is sometimes too slow, but in my opinion, it is a good start.

I ordered a BRAND NEW Blackberry Pearl 8100 on July 31, through amazon.comIt looked new and worked well only the first day.Then started having problems: the battery lid is hard to open. The sound volume is weak and the volume key is blocked. The Blackberry msn doesn't work. The software can't be updated. "The PIN has problems". Don't have blackberry internet service and my cell phone company Digitel informed me the cell is not new but refurbished.I demand my money back! And I'll send you the cell back.I am expecting for solution to my problem.

Great phone but I have learned and so should anyone selling these Blackberrys.Verizon has been able to lock up most Blackberrys.  It is very frustrating.  Ireturned this product even though it said unlocked.  No such thing with Blackberryproducts thanks to Verizon, if I see Welcome to Verizon again it will be too soon.I was eager to get this phone and very disappointed to find out it was locked intoVerizon use.  I want a Blackberry that I can choose my server, not be told who touse.  I also know that Verizon on Blackberry's charge for everything one uses on thatcell phone.  Look at the Blogs.  So, regrettfully I boxed it up and returned it to sellerwhich was through Amazon but probably through EBay.  It really was a great phone, butI couldn't use it.  I am going to be 70 years old soon and still work and like to havea great cell phone that won't cost an arm and leg to use for personal and business calls.Amazon is great on returns and one should always trust them, they will return yourmoney to your account right away.

This product is good. It has all the features that I wanted. However, it is difficult opening the battery compartment

Bueno espero que mi hija lo pueda disfrutar, aunque la plataforma del sistema de comunicaci&oacute;n esta fallando mucho, espero que mejore movilnet.

This cell phone really sucks it has no signal cant use a micro card wont read it. overall a crap phone and will never buy another one. Just had to buy a new phone again so the money spent on this phone went down the drain.

I have used the pearl for almost 2 years now, and I love the phone itself.  I used to have a newer model and loved it, but now I have this one.  It's not quite as nice as I'm used to; some features are missing and a few of the buttons are difficult to press, but overall I'm very happy with the functionality of it.  I can multi-task and get things done quickly without having the bulkiness of a standard size blackberry.PROS-size-functionality-battery lifeCONS-buttons stick and cause mistyping-drop down menu not available like newer models

Good and handy, It is functioning well in India.. Nice look, slim it can be compared with any other costly cell phones.

I bought 2 Blackberry Pearl 8120 and both of them didn't work!! The blackberry started to turn off and the message "media card removed" was all the time in the screen... So I couldn't use the cell phone. The other one had only a blank white screen and was not even turning on!!! I return the cell phones and lost TIME and MONEY... I am so disappointed! It caused me so many PROBLEMS and I lost a lot of calls. I definitely don't recommend it!!!!

el equipo se recibio defectuoso y aunque lo notifique en varias oportunidadades a Amazon y al proveedor y nunca recibi respuesta por lo que me siento estafado.Leonardo Rivero011584145451690

They batteries were bad out of the box and wouldn't even hold a charge. These phones were cheaply built, don't waste your money!

This is my first blackberry and I like it. It has a lot of functionnalities, my only fear it's if the mouse freeze. I think it's a good deal.

This cellphone is refurbished not new like they said and I can't use the blackberry internet service, honestly don't buy it. Cuidado: estos celulares no son nuevos son reconstruidos y el servicio blackberry no funcionana correctamente al ya estar registrados por otra persona.

It is my same phone...only working.  Bit of a delay in receiving, which I was timely informed.  Worth it as itsexactly what I wanted.

Does not have a very good reception inside. The numbers are really small, but is is comfortable because of its size.

Muy buen producto a muy buen precio, funciona perfecto en Venezuela, lo compre a Wireovia, 100% recomendados, muy buena tienda!Very good product at a great price, works perfect in Venezuela, bought to Wireovia, 100% recommended, very good store!

I am very happy with my Blackberry Pearl, but was a little disapointed that it didn't come with an instalation CD. I was able to download the CD on line to enable my desktop management. Nonetheless I'm still very happy

This company doesn't exist. I bought a phone and I didnt like it. I've been trying to contact them and I've returned the phone, however the company seems to do not exist!!! Don't buy it

I received my blackberry phone today and I am excited  to see all the features. The supplier came through with a great product as that  looks just as advertised. Can't wait to get started.

I have been this phone for a couple of weeks. Seems too be working fine and this is the excellent choice for any business user. I get all my emails promptly, easy to manage calender and contacts.This is a pretty decent phone.

I bought this article here and turned out to be stolen and now Amazon does not want change because the product is in Venezuela and I intend to cancel all shipping costs actually go through a great shame when he went to place the telephone line and movistar I find that this item can not put any type of service, so my advice is do not buy any kind of mobile here so have not been deceived, soon record a video with all the answers given to me absurd and makes amazon comments on facebook and other social networks like twitter for people who buy here no longer be cheated by Amazon.Alicia Torres Mena.

Despues de pensar tanto acerca de comprar este telef por este medio, debido a las tantas malas opiniones al respecto, escuche a un amigo, y me dijo como hacer la compra, y resulto ser excelente, llego el telef en un tiempo estimado, y en excelente estado, mejor imposible. Todalmente nuevo, con todos sus empaques, y tambien vino desbloqueado, inserte el chip gsm y funciono, luego tuve q hacer la activacion y tambien funciono el PIN, estoy contento con esta seleccion. SE DEBE TENER PRECAUCION A QUIEN SE LE COMPRA.After much thinking about buying this CEL by this method, because of so many bad opinions, listen to a friend, and told me how to make the purchase, and turned out to be excellent, I get the Phone on an estimated time, and excellent condition, better impossible. Todal again, with all its packaging, and also came unlocked, insert gsm chip AND worked, then I do the activation q and also works the PIN, I am happy with this selection. Caution should be exercised Who would BUY.

This product was advertised as being capable of utilizing a sim card.  There is no slot for a sim card.  I have no way of using this phone.

Really old model i'm really sad I spent my 50 bucks on this phone, because it got broken after a short while.Really not recommended

We were very happy with this product. we bought the product for our 16 year old daughter and she is very happy with it. The phone came as pictured in perfect condition and with everything it was supposed to come with. It arrived in a timely manner. Would purchase from this supplier again.

I thought it was same size as a regular blackberry. But it works well for the purpose I intended to use it for.... I takes awhile to understand the instruction but for a small cp it has a loud sound..

Great phone to have must say, can be upgraded also, thanx love it, was a good experience must try it

not really filled my expertactivas, both the BlackBerry phones did not work, was very disappointing and sad to see my son for eleven years trying to activate your pin that never worked on Christmas Eve.I would like to inform me how I do it you and thanks phone warranty.

The phone I received isn't new but refurbished, but beside that it worked good until now.

gracias amigos por el ar ticulo q esta muy bueno gra cias de nuevo excelente son de muy buena referencia

Firstly, product arrived without cd-rom, thus I could not use the device at it's full capacity. Secondly, the device was incapable of connecting to wi-fi (this was not mentioned in the product description). What's the point of having a smart phone without the internet? Lastly, when I mailed the product back for a full refund, I was not reimbursed fully. I strongly advise nobody to purchase anything from this company.Oh, and the very first time I contacted the seller, for information on the tracking number *(because the tracking number they provided did not correlate with USPS' website), they responded days later, telling me to simply WAIT for the product to arrive!

This phone was stated to be a new one but it was actually refurbished. You can't get a signal often and when you do you can't hear anyone on the other end of the line. I'm highly disappointed in Amazon.I learned my lesson.

The phone blackberry is no good, is scrating, look old, someone used to use before they sell to me, I'm so maid, battery is no good if you charge it, after hour the start decharge again, The hold phone is no good, you guys are liar.

A good phone arrived in excellent condition. It lives up to it reputation. I have not found any of the negatives so far. Took a bit geeting used to. However I was disappointed that the photograph of the phone shown was not as in the package. This one had a AT&T logo on the lower panel of the phone while the one advertised had none. I live outside of the US  and this phone was intended for a gift as a result it was very tacky. AT&T does not even exist where we live.

bad cellphone

I got my Blackberry Pearl about a week ago...and I LOVE it.  How cool is it that I can check my AOL email right on my phone??  The same phone that I can take awesome pictures with, send them by email or Picture mail to friends and family, go to websites, text message, play games, watch tv...this phone has endless things to do.  It's just like having a little palm sized computer!!  I find myself spending hours playing with it...I used to see people doing that with their phones and wonder what the heck??? Now I know!!And don't be scared!!  I thought it would be so hard to learn things...but they actually have a website, blackberry.com, that has little tutorials and all kinds of helpful tidbits that made sense, and were easy for me to pick up on.  I'm so thrilled I chose this phone...I've been looking for months, and was just scared to get a phone I thought would be too complicated for me.  I'm so glad a friend of mine talked me into this.  I got a red pearl, which thrills me even more, lol.  This is a wonderful phone, and pretty easy to to do ANYTHING you want on.Get you one, you'll love it!!

It is tempting to buy an unlocked Blackberry at this price, but DON'T!!  I had one 56 days and it had to be wiped (everything removed and reloaded) 3 times and then the screen just went black.  Check the forums (crackberry.com) and you will see the bugs this phone has.  I got mine from [...](NEVER DEAL WITH THOSE A#!hOLES.)  Finally got my money back and called AT&T.  They waived my upgrade fee and I am getting a Droid even cheaper.  Even if the Droid is buggy, it has a 5 mega pixel camera vs the Pearl 1 mega pixel.  The Pearl is really outdated!  Like going from MP3 back to 8 track

Works very well, not new, i saw a little scratch in the battery slot, the cellphone its unlocked and works very well but i bought one new...

First of all the item arrived two days later. Then, the second time I was going to charge the phone, the device came off.

simple phone blackberry brand. affordable price. works well, but sometimes the operating system fails and hangs.blackberry phone  blackberry phone

envio super rapido tienda 100% responsable 5 estrellas para ellos.el producto es el que ped&iacute; feliz con mi telefono

buy him two to Ross Cellular and both have reported pin and now I can not use! I cheated .... not buying a cellular ross

exelente producto en exelentes condiciones, muy buen funcionamiento y la entrega fue en la fecha indicada, gracias por el obsequio.

Hi, I'm about to buy one of these phones to my wife, but after reading all the reviews, i'm kinda worried, seems like aren't new ones, but does Amazon.com's direct store sells the good stuff? appreciate your help.Thanks.

este producto me vino sin el microfono. tuve que mandarlo a arreglar y me costo casi el costo del telefono

WAS EXCITED WHEN I RECEIVED BUT WHEN I GOT  IT USELESS CARD INCLUDED  HOW A PERSON SUSPOSE TO USE IT WITHOUT SIMS MIS LEAD US  END UP THROWING IT AWAY

I bought this version of blackberry as a temp. since my 18 month old Black 9100 which died. I am going to get rid of ATT and Blackberry as soon as my 2 year strangle hold contract expires. This phone is JUNK, so slow and not very good reception. Do not waster your money!  Virgin Mobile here I come, can't wait!

This phone is much better than expected. I used it in several countries and it is very useful. Communication is fast

The Phone was described BlackBerry Pearl 8100 Unlocked Phone with Quad-Band GSM,GPRS, EDGE, yt it was unlocked but cannot get the EDGE on the phone. Thats one of the main reason i purchase the phone. Just seems like a waste because Digicel our service provider cannot find the phone in their system.

Everything works perfectly, very good buy. THE WORKS PERFECTLY TLF. All buttons are GOOD AND PERFORMANCE WAS GOOD. THANK YOU

Se&ntilde;ores estos telefonos son una estafa, vienen con el PIN bloqueado lo cual indica que son usados o robados, estafadores y lo peor de todo es que no se hacen responsables con ellos... NO COMPREN ESOS TELEFONOS POR AQUI..

I bought the phone as a gift for my aunt who returned to jamaica on March 21st. Upon opening the package i realized that the headphones were too big for the phone. I decided not to return it because i figure the cost of the headphone did worth the hassle. Now my aunt is back home in jamaica and told me that she has just started using the phone and and the silver select button has fallen out. How terrible. Clearly, this is not a new phone as advertised.

It is compact small easy to use cell phone user. User friendly for all elders & young adults with the light lighting lighting up it is easy to see the numbers & alphabets

i purchased this phone to my sons and they are very happy with this, averything works perfectly since i receive them they can use every single function of the blackberry... thank you

when you buy something that says NO WARRANTY, probably it will fail. That's a murphy's law and It was my case. I bought two units and one of them never workedThere is no case, I was warned, but it was very cheap.It was my fault and I do not intend to claim a guarantee that never exist.My recommendation is that you think very carefully before buying.RegardsJose Gomez

The Housing Case Cover Faceplate was not the OEM Original Black RIM, and was the same with the battery.

Muy seguro, muy buena compra!!!Magnifico el Tel&eacute;fono Celular, de muy buena calidad, bueno, estoy muy contento con la compra Muchas Gracias!!!

The phone is terrible I was sold a defective phone which is not working, the face is loose and i am have all sorts of problems getting this matter resolved

The phone stopped working in a week . It just a black screen with no light on . The light show at keyboard only . I was thought is low battery when this problem occur . I plug the phone on charger but nothing change . It stop working on 19th . please help me , if you can change it with the new phone same as it or either new phone with same value .I would like to hear from you soon .thanks

This isn't BlackBerry, apart from the keypads being so little and difficult to type the screen resolution is very poor.l bought this fon for my father but he couldn't see the letters on the keypads so l had to returned the fon.

Was talked into this phone at the cell phone store.... am not impressed with it's signal, we live in a rural area.  Nothing beats my old Nokia!  I originally lost this phone so insurance sent another, finally found it and transferred it to my husband.  Both the exact phones and both have the same problems.  Phone mutes, then unmutes, calls people on it's own, texts on its own.... Sometimes it freezes up, sometimes the sound goes out.  Can't get it to switch to roaming when in a specific nearby town so have crappy signal there, if it would just switch over it would be fine.  The roller ball on both of our phones does not always work, in fact doesn't work more than it does work.  Would not recommend this phone even though it's made in Canada.  Would love to find one made on this continent that is worth a darn and not have to by china made phone.  Have had 2 different Nokia's and loved them both, too bad my kid dropped my last one in the lake, couldn't find a replacement then got talked into this blackberry.

muy bueno soy de Venezuela llego a tiempo espero que las proxima compra sean iguales el lenguaje multi e incluye el espa&ntilde;ol

First of all, I wrote to the seller (ACC Stop) and they never answered my email, I didnt received a tracking number, and now I figure it out that the charger is not charging at all, and that the front cover of the cellphone is stick to it with glue, its seems like refurbished...Then, suddenly the cellphone just stopped working, and a red light starts flashing in the LED; you cant turn it on, off, nothing..Regarding the seller, very bad customer service, regarding the product, very bad quality and I paid a lot of money for it.Totally dissapointed, do not buy this product!!!!

I've had this phone for about two years and have no intention of switching in the near future.  I have sampled all the Blackberrys on the market and none suit me better than this slim phone that I can easily handle and text from with one hand.  Besides it fits securely in my front pocket like a small wallet.I have tried the Iphone and am not crazy with the touch screen which my fat fingers have a difficult time with.  All the advanced apps do nothing for me that I can't do with my laptop.I really like the Blackberry Messenger feature.  I am told that I can easily chat with any other Blackberry (if I input the device's PIN) anywhere in the world regardless of the network reception (or non-reception) of my local provider.Call me old fashioned but I still only use my phone for talk and text.  For alot of other things it is amazing what you can do with the text feature by texting Google.If I were to upgrade I may choose another Blackberry Pearl with slightly wider keys.  Otherwise I think I will stick with this phone for awhile.

Simple, effective, smart and intuitive.Had a little trouble with rebooting in the first few days.  Especially as a result of setting a theme.  But fine and effective afterwards.

El cargador vino malo y el telefono parece reponteciado por esto tomo la decision de calificar este producto asi .

The blackberry pearl was not one of my favorite phones. I expierenced many difficulties with this phone and i would never purchase a blackberry again. The scrolling ball fell out of my phone multiple times until there came a point where i lost the ball which lead to me not being able to get any of my numbers because they blackberry saves numbers straight to your phone instead of your sim card. Another problem i had with this phone was every night all of my text messages and phone calls would delete from the recent history, i took the phone in multiple times and they said there was nothing to do about it. with all this being said some people loved the blackberry pearl but i HATED it!

I recommend this product blackberry pearl 8110 unlocked phone, total guarantee of delivery and estimated time, in a 1000% responsible, the team is brand new, definitely recommend it.

The phone works great. It allows me to do everything i want on it. Texting was made easier for me on this phone.

This phone i don't know what happened. I took it to Africa and the phone did not come on. So it was never used.

This phone is a joke. I orderded it for my boyfriend for his birthday because his current phone went to crap and I was all excited about getting it but when it came and we finally got it turned on and ready to go. We found out that the buttons were all messed up. You hit the A button and you would get a W, you hit the Q button and you would get a Z. Very VERY disappointing. There was no possible way that we could fix it and according to what other people were saying online, the customer service people are idiots and have no idea what they are doing. I would NOT recommend getting this phone.

Good.

dude this phone has been with me for 2 years. i loved every feature of it. i especially love the little balls. i got it right from tmobile so idk about the delivery service, but i got used to it and its really really really good. guys, this is a PRODUCT review, not a seller review. if you have problems with the sellers, write a bad review on them! not the product. its the best phone i'ver had...but i lost it. now i have the iphone 4. I still miss this phone...maybe its my attachment, but give it a try.

I went through approximate 4-5 models not the one working properly or after 3-4 days will just die on me, I going back to my IPhone no blackberry for ever again. Thank you.

Apparently the phone is new but did not bring the original battery cover also brought the factory. Not recommended. When offering a product should bring all factory accessories.

I purchase two of this phones and in a few months the problems started.One just collapsed, out of no reason, it just started to crash all the time and ended up in the trash. The second one (my sister's) had software problems and make her life impossible for a loooong period of time. HORRIBLE! I feel cheated... i hope no one buy one of these phones again!Max Valencia.

I baught this phone for my mother as a birthday gife from the get go it had problems, for some strange reason it keep serching for the network and was only trying to downloading stuff from T-mobile germany (mind you i dont live anywhere near germany), the battery died and could not be recharge, as a result i had to buy another one, then the ball would not click nor the menu button, this problem usualy moves from one to the other, because of this the phone has become a white elephant in my house. As a result i've promest myself never to buy anything from that company again, as it seem they sell bogus items. Signed, Very Unhappy. Ps no wonder it came with no warrenty.

Unfortunately I was not lucky. The product was bought to be used in Venezuela but same came with problems with the dash board, when i took it to be repaired they told me that this product was refurnished. I wrote to amazon with this observations and they were really kind in reply to me and they assure that the do not sell refurnished products.Nevertheless after having it repaired same seems to be working fairly well. I just can't send voice notes.

I was so disappointed with this phone when I received it that I returned it the following day after using it for about 1 hour. The display and keys were just way too small. I knew I didn't want a full size Blackberry because I think they are too big to comfortably carry everyday, but the Pearl was not the answer either.

Actually I never get this order !!!!!!! I don't know it was whose mistake amazon,seller or usps ? It never get ship to my adress. The usps guy couldn't find it and he sent it back to seller. Actually I order that item for somebodyelse so i broke her trust on me. I get paid back from seller though.

This did not last a year before the screen just blacked out on me. The whole phone felt loosely held together and the trackball was terrible and only tracked for the first month. While I love blackberry and their make, this was a fail on their part. The newer bold phones are a better quality and mine has already outlasted the time my pearl did. Save yourself headache and get a phone with less chance of problems.

this cell become in perfect state and is new with all accesories in the box and is t-mobile. buy.

I recieved a brand new BlackBerry Pearl fully unlocked and 100% functionality. I ordered it directly from Amazon and it was delivered on the estimated time. The phone needs a software actualization that i haven't been able to make, but besides from that it is a very good choice, every function of the phone works perfectly.

Nice phone form a top class brand RIM. For long wanted to buy one, kind off obsessed with this pearl model. Even though this is the age of smart phones, would love to use this light weight, small and reliable phone.

The sale of this phone is a scam, although it comes with the features offered in the sale, the phone comes with the Black Berry PIN blocked. This means that can not be activated Blackberry functions, such as msn, receiving mail, including any operator. The only thing that works is to to make and receive calls, send and receive sms and other functions of the phone, except for which is bought, the PIN.Because the phone, do not have any submissions to the light, it is possible that they come have been used to make the PIN and IMEI to be placed in any other Black Berry, and this completely unused leave.Therefore it is recommended not to buy this phone and take special care with the products of this shop, as were two DEFECTIVE products that came from it and the answer to the security and the return of the money was unsuccessful and unsatisfactory until point that both have failed to be specified.

Delivered in the spected time but it came with the gsm card slot broken, so the telephone says "insert card" all the time while the gsm card was inserted.Had to send it to repair.So its has to be "refurbished" not new as advertised or RIM has bad quality inspection...!?

The product has work fine so far, but is not new. And Amazon sell it, like was new.

I was promised a brand new telephone for the price quoted and I recieved a second hand piece of crap. It was a gift for someone who is very special to me. Now, I don't see how I am ever going to buy anything through amazon.com ever again. I felt pretty bad because I had to go buy another phone and ended up paying twice as much. I do not feel good about this experience at all but I thank you for the opportunity to register my frustration and disappointment.BlackBerry Pearl 8100 Unlocked Phone with Quad-Band GSM,GPRS, EDGE, 1 MP Camera, Camcorder and bluetooth v2.0 compatible - International Version with No Warranty (Black with Silver)

I'm a long-time blackberry user and genearlly like the OS.  A salesperson at the ATT store talked me into to buying this phone - even though the trackball looked like it would cause problems.  And it has - I've already replaced it once and the new one only worked for a few months.  I can still use the phone but navigating menus are less than optimal.  Additionally, the SIM card holder is loose so I often get "SIM card Errors".  From my experience, this is the worst phone that I've owned - below even Motorola...

I am traying to lern how to use it. keybord totally different from other cell phones.

Bettter than having to extend my contract with t-Mobile. But, would have liked to have been able to address the problems I had with the brand new phone conveniently at one of the million t-mobile stores around. I guess you trade one thing for another.

DONT  buy this item. Are not new cell phone, are refurbished or uses, is a big trick.... Ther are not custom service, sucksNo comrpen estos cvelulares no son nuevos y uno paga por algo nuevoestan usados, no responden despuesNO COMPREN ME ESTAFARON.... lean mas reviews y veran q dicen lo mismo

This cellphone is not a really good. The trackball is not fast, and sometime I had to reset it, because the phone did not work.And the screen does not fit, It always left from the cell.

Great tech support, Took care of all my Questions and concerns. Thanks a lot. Nothing more to add...... Good job

these people steal from customers. They sell refurbished, used cell phones when you paid for a NEW one.

hola amigo me encuentro en Venezuela y necesito la factura comercial para la nacionalizaci&oacute;n  por favor enviarla por email al mio o al ykbolivar@gmail.com o a nurysmisol@hotmail.com

I chose the phone because is kind of cheap and I like it except that its pad like the computer buttons not like regular phones

As promised. REALLY NEW Blackberry Pearl, fully unlocked. Is better to buy directly from Amazon's store.

this product is very handy it's a good choice for a phone.the product is an excellent choice .very good.I am encoraging any customer to purchase that product.

The phone does not work with GSM SIM cards. Moreover it is not like the one in the picture. I want to return it for my money.

I've purchased my phone from Tiger Direct and it has an annoying problem. When I make a call, on the top right side an 'ABC' icon appears and never goes away! I have to get in to phone book to have it dissapear :) Strange!

GOOD DAYS I WRITE TO THEM THESE WORDS FOR WHICH THE TELFONO I DO NOT WORK ADEQUATELY AND THE PING DOES NOT SERVE FOR WHAT I FEEL DEFRAUDED SINCE IT WAS A GIFT

My blackberry definitely took a couple of weeks getting used to. I thought it would take me forever to get comfortable and quick navigating through all the phone's features but now I am finally using the phone to its fullest. If you like to BBM, send photo messages, and email this blackberry is for you. Internet is useful once in a while but I don't use it unless its for something urgent.

BlackBerry Pearl 8100 Unlocked Phone with Quad-Band GSM,GPRS, EDGE, 1 MP Camera, Camcorder, and Bluetooth--International Version with No Warranty (Black with Silver)Bueno primero que nada por nada del mundo deberian de cometer el gran error que cometi yo al de buenas a primera comprar sin leer los comentarios del vendedor ya que en ellos dicen que tal es....Ahora bien yo hice una compra de dos celulares los cuales me salieron malos los dos ya que el vendedor dice que son nuevo y resulta ser que ya que son equipos totalmente usados y reparados..... De por si uno de los equipo me llego con todos los contactos y mensajes del due&ntilde;o anterior y el otro me llego totalmente da&ntilde;ado, el cual lo he llevado a varios servicios tecnicos en los cuales me dicen que el equipo no tiene reparo en lo absoluto ya que vino con la tarjeta logica totalmente puenteada y da&ntilde;ada inclusive hasta me dijeron que el equipo era robado..... De verdad deberian de sacarlos de amazon por su gran estafa al vender como lo hacen ustedes. Sean serios.

The phone was fine but the customer service from the seller was not.  I selected and paid for next day delivery only to find out the phone was out of stock.  I did not receive the phone for 4 days and still not reimbursement for next day delivery.  Emailed the selling and my request when unnoticed.  Will have second thoughts about using them again.

I bought this cell about 3 months ago looked band new but now I'm wondering if it really was. it started malfunctioning 3 weeks ago  by turning off itself and doesn't come on for hours , now the permanent problem is the screen is blank I would never recommend this product.

I was not thrilled with the phone, it wouldnt hook to my gsm. it said it was unlocked... i think not.... i took it to the tmobile store and they said it was still locked....

excelentes 100% recomendados.el paquete llego en perfecto estado y en el tiempo establecido trabaja perfectamente y llego tal cual como lo describe el proveedor, gracias.

Punctuation I chose this because the product came as as I said in the description was not any kind of failure.

It is such a disappointed buy. Bought this Blackberry 8100 last June and it has stopped working already. My first disappointment was when I turned on the phone and saw T Mobile appeared  on the screen. I bought a new phone but it turned out to be a refurbished.There were several other operational problems throughout the short life of the phone so it is an overall failure.

i receive the phone in good condition.it working properly ...good picture and sound an boxes ..and accesories it complete......and more

Es un buen equipo y lo recomiendo a los usuarios necesitan un comienzo en el uso de blackb

This phone is one of the best is very little and very nice de aplicacions works perfectly it was sold by SHOPCELL i love my phone i got it for my birthday and it was just the best... i dont know what remanofactured means but i know THAT THIS PHONE WAS NOT SOLEN OR USED OR REFURBISHED.... SHOPCELL Y TRULLY HONEST, the only thing is that when you open alot of aplicacions it can LAG OR BE SLOW BUT is just the best.......Any coments can be responded...Thanks

very good but is blocked appears as stolen and could not activate the pin if I can help I would appreciate

I like my Blackberry Pearl a lot. I use it both for personal use as well as for my job. Having my emails and my instant messages coming to be on my BB Pearl lets me get work done without having to be at my desk on my computer. It seems to be quite durable as well, I've dropped mine MANY times and have never had a problem with it (lucky for me) The only problem I have with this phone is the roll pad, it does stick sometimes and then you have to take several minutes to roll it around to get it to work. I would highly recommend the BlackBerry Pearl!

[...]. I opened the package and everything seemed perfect, install the sim card of my operator and all excellent ... until the second day when the keys started to fail and the phone did not fall within any application, will lead to a service shop and they believe was the surprise ... the team is totally rebuilt, but that's not all bad but because the phone rebuilt serves neither to spare, I recommend not buying this article at all.
