
This phone easily replaced my older, broken phone and has been easy to program and use just as I did the older version.

Hey the phone works with my old sim card ATT / Cingular phone its a great back up phone replacing my phone out of contract so I did not have to pay $200 for a new one!so yes its a good phone for price!

I got this to replace my aging Ericsson travel phone, and I am totally happy with it.The form factor is nice, a small flip-phone that easily fits in a pocket or holster; no external antenna to snag on things: really convenient, just flip it open to talk, easy to use Motorola interface, long battery life, and included charger works on 120 or 220 volts (needs plug adapter, though, it only has the two-blade American plug).  It also has Bluetooth and voicedial, which we did not use (I like the capability, though: I use it all the time on my mobile in the USA).  If you just want a phone to talk on, this one's for you.  In Ireland and northern England reception/coverage was always at least equal to other members of our party.We use prepaid SIM chips, local for whatever country we are in, and just swap them out as we travel: they cost about [...] bucks/euros/pounds and come with that much prepaid credit: easy to recharge if more is needed, but we don't chat a lot, just calls for reservations and coordinating things, mostly.  Incoming calls are usually free with a local card, which allows use of long-distance callback services such as Tellestial offers for talking to the USA, which is convenient when we aren't in a WiFi area where we can use Skype.We have a Virgin chip we use in the UK, but had to buy a new SIM chip in a shop on arrival Ireland (Virgin does work there, but at much higher roaming rates.).  We have been to several countries, and I have usually bought SIM chips ahead of time on Ebay. Guy in shop recommended Meteor as best deal for Ireland, and it worked great.

Purchased phone for overseas use. Worked great in portugal purchased local phone card when i arrived at airport. Sound was clear and reception was always good practically every were i went. Battery life was also good. Basicaly charged the phone every third day for light to average use.If you are looking for non expensive phone for comunicating without all the bells and whistles this is it.

fast delivery, product as expected, the good - range, bluetooth.  The bad - bluetooth, speaker, phonebook.  Speaker is much worse than other phones.  Bluetooth does not synch with the phonebook.  Phonebook does not synch well with handsfree devices since v-193 phonebook relies on very limited (about 4) recordable phonebook names vice text to speach recognition like most other phones.  All in all, you get what you pay for.

This is a great phone for the price.  I just popped my SIM card in the slot and everything went well.  I haven't tried it overseas yet, but it has great reception in my area of NW Alabama.  I have tried two other phones that did not pick up the AT&T cell signals nearly as well as this phone.  It doesn't have a camera, but I didn't care to have one.  I just wanted a quad band phone with great reception and this phone fit the bill.

I used this phone in France during my recent travel there and never had any problems. I bought a local sim card (SFR la carte) and it worked just fine. Although I didn't use many of the features this phone offers I would recommend it without any reservation.

Bought this unlocked phone to use with a Go-Sim card on an international trip.  They worked great together! I was able to keep in touch with family for minnimal outlay and costs abroad.  My husband will use it next month on a trip to Thailand and my son & daughter-in-law will use it when they go to Japan.  I am very pleased with my purchase!

Basic communication phone with bluetooth that works well. Good quality. Priced right, so that if I drop it in the lake, it's easily replaced. Reception and sound quality is good.

Phone works great if if would hold a charge for more than 2 or 3 phone calls. Admittedly my phone calls are often marathon length, but the battery on this phone goes dead before the end of the day even if I don't make any calls. I charge this thing 3 or 4 times a day. I'm afraid that when I use the charger in my car, this stupid phone is going to run down battery in my car and leave me stranded with a car that won't start and a phone I can't use!

I was impressed with this phone. It is sleek, well built, and the price is really unbelievable. However, every four days the phone must be charged. A single charge should last longer. If the battery life is extended, then it will be an exceptional handset.

I'm very pleased with the purchase. Everything went fine and the phone is just what I expected.

I wanted a phone for mainly talking, and capability to text as well.  This one does that perfectly at a great price unlocked.

Living in a rural area with limited coverage, and being retired as well, has changed how I use my cellular phone and how often I use it. Knowing that the closest cell is about 4 miles away and signal strength in my residence is virtually nonexistent has reduced my dependence on mobile communications. I do like good audio quality and adequate signal strength away from home, and the V197 is capable of both. A week without recharging, and the ability to charge from one of my laptop's USB ports are nice bonuses (I have docking ports for the laptop on both the SUV and touring motorcycle). My netbook does my messaging, my Nikon camera and Samsung video recorder take care of pictures, so all I really need is a dependable cellphone, and the V197 is a more-than-adequate performer.

I bought the phone in US and took it to India for a short visit.  Used a SIM card in India, and the phone was working fine.  It has all the features that are useful in India, and I believe this phone can be as useful in any other country.  This is truely  a global phone and Motorola should focus on making such high quality phones with the kind of pricing that customers can value. Excellent product, a good phone.

Excellent phone. Speaker is loud enough and sound quality is great. Excellent value and price. Battery life is rather good. Reception is also very good. This phone is rather robust, which is a good thing in Iraq.

I was looking for a basic cell phone to send with my daughter to Germany and after a good bit of searching I landed on the V197.  It has all of the standard features and can be purchased for a very reasonable price.  I paid around $50.  I've never been disappointed with Amazon and buy here with confidence.  If you are looking for a basic Quad Band GSM cell phone you won't be disappointed with this model.

I wanted a phone that had good battery life, a reasonable form factor and was dependable; I have a camera and mp3 player, so I don't need them on my phone as well. My previous phone was a terrific Sony Ericsson W810, but lost the battle with the washing machine...The unlocked Motorola V197 set up with no problems with my ATT sim card and connected easily with Motorola Bluetooth. I have had no problems and the battery life is very, very good, as is the reception. If you want a phone that is simply a phone, I can highly recommend this one.

I don't want much. I don't care about cameras, bluetooth, internet access, etc...I just need a phone. Motorola's V197 seemed like a great answer...It suited my needs well initially...it seemed durable, had more than enough features, and worked well. But then I discovered that reception inside my house was nonexistent...I have to go outside in order to talk to someone. I've had little problem with this in any of the phones I've owned for the past ten years. So I'm a little miffed that I can't talk inside on a phone purchased in 2009. To make this worse, I found that the battery life is absolutely terrible. I took my phone for a two day trip and decided not to pack the charger. Two days and a new phone...what could go wrong? I hardly used it and the phone died just as my trip was ending, forcing the use of payphones. This is a so-so phone if you just want to talk and text. I was hoping for simple things, and the V197 couldn't even remotely deliver them!

Cheap phone that did what was intended; for use while traveling abroad using pay as you go SIM cards.  However, the battery no longer holds a charge at all. So, I got one use out of the phone.

Maybe I am spoiled by the new technology that I have now, but this phone is pretty old school, bare bones. It is color, has multiple ring tones, decent reception... depending on the country you're in. I just used it because of my recent trip to London and Dublin, and it got the job done. I did like the texting capabilities. I will hang on to it for my next trip, it's a decent phone for just being a tool to call people and text, but not much else. GREAT BATTERY LIFE!

Motorola V197 Unlocked Cell Phone--U.S. Version with Warranty (Charcoal)Don't even consider buying from Amazon.com.  I've spent thousands through them, & made the fatal error that they actually monitor the resellers they profit from, but disclaim all responsibility.  Bought this "new" "US" cell from HassleFreeCell (irony aside)--which they STILL sponsor: 1)"SUBTLE" indication that it was returned, not new: no plastic wrap on (slightly crushed) box (cheapo packaging), clear plastic shipping protectors slapped on worse than a a very uncoordinated 3-year old, no install disk; & 2) (what a surprise) DOESN'T WORK--both XP (2 different computers) & Vista return fatal hardware install messages--small wonder it was returned goods.And Amazon??? Too bad, deal with the nice folks who cheated in the 1st place (& don't even have the cell listed on their own website).  Add idiot customer "support"--clear message that the main issue was used goods--later found out it was defective for good measure--& these bozos respond "sorry it was damaged during shipping."Caveat emptor--shop at a reputable website.

I ordered this phone just as a back-up to my current smartphone but I liked it so much that I used it as my primary phone for a few days. Size is nice and compact, fits well into any pocket. The battery life is phenomenal and that is expected because its a 1000+ mAh for a very basic phone. The features are decent and the bluetooth pairs very well with my external bluetooth devices such as the Motorola speakerphone in my car. Menu and options are basic and quite easy to use. Screen resolution is so-so but then what do you expect from a phone at this price. Overall, even though I went back to my smartphone a few days later (only because of my dependency on its features) I highly recommend this phone to those who need only voice + text. This is an excellent device and I will be more than happy to use it again if I ever need a back-up phone or if I go out on one of those rough outdoor adventures.

We buy minutes when necessary. This is a practical solution to seldom used but a safety comfort when traveling or separated by appointments or shopping. My wife uses the phone with ease and confidence. Me too.

Needed a world band phone for a trip around the world via Singapore. That meant four GSM bands and easy change out of SIM cards. The phone always found a service where radio waves could penetrate. Reliable use and long battery life, 120/240 VAC charger.Less expensive and less hassle than renting a phone. Works at home with home SIM card for T-Mobile.Used it for simple meeting planning and possible changes to airline plans. Didn't need something always stuck in my ear, have a good camera, don't play games or music with a phone, prefer laptop for typing and browsing. Bought phone tools app, didn't use it.

I went to the UK for 2 weeks with this phone.  I purchased a T-Mobile pay-as-you-go Sim card in London and everything worked great, even had coverage up in Orkney (on the main island).  Wouldn't have minded having a camera on it, but I only needed something for calls and texting.  Good basic phone for traveling.

Bought a new car with bluetooth built in. Needed a bluetooth phone. This one is absolutely great. No garbage - just the phone. Popped in the SIM card from my old phone and bingo! Super hands-free!!!

Very disappointed, this phone can not be used with a Verizon service even though it states it is a Verizon phone.

Its good worth for buying.  All the features are good, easy to use. Except for speaker sound is not too loud

This phone served us very well during a recent trip to Africa and Europe. Just pop in a simm card for the country you're in(we used a Vodaphone simm for all of the Europe portion), add some minutes and voila!. This came in really handy in Africa. The Motorola V197 is a good, sturdy, basic phone. No camera, etc... but it held a charge well, and never failed us. New in carton as advertised. Very pleased with our purchase. Now we can go anywhere!

I was preparing for my European vacation and from past experience, I knew that it'd be a lot easier to have a phone that I could use in Europe and just buy local prepaid phone cards to avoid the roaming charges.  I found the same unlocked phone on another site for a lot more money.  I was sure that I could get it elsewhere for much cheaper, and for sure, I found it here on Amazon!  The phone arrived in great condition.  It's very simple, and only comes with a charger, but that's all I need.  I needed a small phone that I could make emergency calls or receive text messages from my friends, and this served the purpose very well.  Thanks for having this phone available for such an affordable price!  It worked well for me in different European countries with less headache and problems than having my regular T-Mobile cell phone with me.

I was skeptical when I ordered this phone. Almost seemed to good to be true, but I was pleasantly surprised. So much so that I ordered three more. One for my wife and two as gifts for this Christmas. All four phones arrived new, in a factory sealed Motorola box, as advertised. This phone feels solid, is well built and accepted an AT&T; SIM card without any problems. The new Motorola Bluetooth (H715), also ordered from Amazon, connected without any problems and the sound quality is very good. The battery life is good, a little shorter when using bluetooth, but still good. The volume is more than adequate, considering I am tone deaf. As other reviews have mentioned, the ONLY thing lacking is the speaker phone. It works, you can hear the other person but the speaker seems underpowered. It is still usable, but won't be your first choice. One of the things I like is NO antenna stub, considering it is a flip model. It fits well on a belt and is easily used with one hand. If you have kids and want them to have a phone but don't want to take out a second mortgage to buy it, this is the ticket.The other benefit of this phone is traveling. Being a quad band, you can take it almost anyplace in the world, buy a prepaid sim card at your destination country and you will save a fortune in roaming fees. Additionally, the cost of making and receiving calls, minute for minute will be measured in pennies, not dollars.Now, if you are wanting to use your cell phone to track the space shuttle, take photos, figure out Einsteins theory of relativity, video conference with someone in Siberia, make a fashion statement or listen to music all day long, you won't be happy with this phone. However, if you want to make quality calls, receive quality calls (with or without bluetooth), send and receive text messages, and do other basic things all mobile phones do, you will be very happy with this phone, ESPECIALLY AT THIS PRICE ($42.99). I have had mobile phones since they began making them back in the late 1980's and for an unlocked phone with bluetooth capability, dollar for dollar, I don't think you can find anything better.

This is a good basic phone for calls & text messages. It's an intuitive device, so you can get going right away. I needed an unlocked GSM phone for an international trip, & it worked great with a SIM card from China Mobile.

I bought two of these phones to use in Europe and they worked perfectly.  When we arrived I bought a local SIM card, put it in and then refreshed it as needed.  Better than renting.  You could buy an inexpensive phone wherever you are but this unlocked phone is a better, more cost effective solution in the long run.

This is a cheap phone and it does feel cheap as well. But it works and survived a couple drops on the floor already. Don't expect much. Only has limited memory which fills up after 20 to 30 text messages. If you are in the market to get the cheapest phone possible that allows you to make phone calls, then this one is fine.

great phone for price and specs.  just wanted a backup phone at little expense to replace plan phones.  very easy to use and plan to take out of country on trips.  easy to use and good reception.

I bought this phone about a month ago. It took me about two weeks to get around to setting it up with AT&T;, and it worked fine for about 4 days.Then it stopped. I tried recharging it, taking out the battery and re-starting, checked that it was dry, everything short of sending it to Motorola for a $75 repair job (on a $40 phone -- seemed a bit out of whack).  I took it in to an AT&T; dealer the other day only to discover that the SIM card is "corrupted" probably by whatever defect caused the phone to foul up and die.I should have paid more attention to the "no warranty" part of the product description.

This is a great basic phone. It has great reception, it is sturdy and I'm happy with it thus far.

I prefer a plain old phone to the newer versions.  I don't need a camera or internet, so this phone is perfect for my needs.  I had the earlier version of this phone, the V195 (had three of them) and when I needed a new one, I got this one.  No complaints.  Just a good basic phone.

This Motorola V197 satisfies the need of a traveler to any part of the world. Clear reception and good battery life + bluetooth.

i received this product within a week of shippment.  i left for Africa a few days later and have used the phone several times without flaws.  it is a great phone and i have no complaints at all about it.

No it doesn't have a camera. I'll use a real camera if I want to take a picture. What is more important to me is that it is a good quality phone, with great reception and sound.  Also it has a voice call feature that's easy to access and actually recognizes my voice and calls the number that I intended (unlike my Razr which always seems to have problems with this feature).  Thus I've actually backward upgraded to this phone.  Oh and it also has bluetooth, speakerphone, and mp3 ringtones capability, added plusses!  Want a good basic easy to use phone with no complaints?  Then get this.  Got mine used, and unlocked, off of ebay (unbelievable price too, half of what you see here) and I'm VERY happy with it.

I had this Phone.  It gets great signal and is very sturdy... I'm a teenage boy who is extremely hard on phones...this phone took everything i dished out and then some.  I wish i had never sold it.  It is a good buy especially for those who aren't exactly "nice" to their phones.

I bought this unlocked phone so I can use it here in the states and on my trip abroad. I just replaced the sim card and Im set. It did not dissapoint me. The signal is very strong, the phone features are very functional. The screen display are good and the phone size is just right. The phone is not flashy like the new models of phones out in the market now, but this is what I just needed in my trip abroad (Asia). I dont want "snatchers" and pickpocketers eyeing my only means of communication while im abroad. This phone is not their type, lol. For the price, this is a very good phone.

When I took the phone to Poland, I was able to buy a GSM simm card for the equivalent of less than 2 dollars and had service for the month.  I bought more service but it was lost when service ended at the end of the month.  When & if I go back to Poland or another country I should be able to buy another card. (Motorola V197 Unlocked Phone with Quad-Band GSM and Bluetooth--International Version (Charcoal) )

After endless hours with AT&T after my phone died, I purchased this replacement cell phone.  Next time one of my plan phones die, I'm just going to buy one of these and save myself the aggravation.  Speaker phone is nifty. I want a phone to call someone, not to play games, take picture, text, or surf the net. This phone works great.

It is a basic phone , and delivers on the service , good sound , battery life of 6-7 days ,I switched from my old nokia, i have used it for a month now and no complaints

product arrived faster than advertised.  It arived in original mfg box with all exactly as expected but with battery freshly charged. Nice touch.

I chose this phone because I was looking for an inexpensive unit with Bluetooth that would work on the ATT network and let me preserve my current plan while I consider options for future phones (am not ready to commit to an iphone and monthly additional charges at this point). I found the Motorola on the list for most popular and thought the price was just right. Am very pleased with the phone, and my only caveat is that the menu layout reverses the left-right order I have been used to on my previous phones (mostly Nokia). But this is a minor irritant. Otherwise - an excellent option, and a lot better than paying for an extended warranty to one of the carriers!

The V197 is an excellent basic phone.It has excellent radio reception, good sound, and good battery life. This phone works fine with AT&T; (formerly Cingular).

Put my AT&T Sim in, powered up and that was it.  Better signal than my expensive Tilt and friends iPhone.  No whistles or bells but a real phone!

Pros1)It worked as expected for T-Mobile(Unlocked)2)Small & easy to handle3)Lot of talk time for single charge4)simple for just talk,voicemail & textingCons1)Frame is not durable2)Speaker phone only two star. Not clear

I was using an AT&T; (formerly Cingular) Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) phone until my little nephew murdered it by dropping it on a tile floor from high-chair height.  I wanted to get the same service (don't need a monthly plan) and I was looking at the phones available on the AT&T; site, but I wasn't really impressed with the phones there (the lower-priced ones didn't seem to have much actual phone time before recharging was needed).  So I checked Amazon and came across this one.I read all the reviews and was impressed by the comments.  I read the product description and the phone seemed to meet my needs.  But the question was: would a PAYG SIM card work on this one?  I knew that if I had a phone with a monthly AT&T; plan it would work on this phone, but info about PAYG SIMS didn't make it clear if they would also work.  I asked around on various forums, and folks said that it would.  I called AT&T; and got a foreign tech rep who talked at cross-purposes and was no help.  So I decided to take a chance and purchase this phone.  Joy of joys, the SIM card fit, the network was recognized and I've been able to make and receive calls, with my charges showing exactly as they should.  The only problem that I had was that my address book did not transfer over (must have been stored on the actual phone itself rather than the PAYG SIM card on my old phone), but that can be reconstructed.  The Motorola V197 gives its user the option of storing the address book on either the SIM or the phone.  If it's stored on the phone, then the user is also able to take advantage of voice-activated dialing, which is a nice feature, and a lot more information about the contact can be stored rather than just name and phone number.I haven't tested out all of its features, but one that I really like is the fact that it has a volume-control button the outside of the phone, so volume changes can be made while talking without pulling the phone away to make the adjustment.  There is no camera, which I sort of miss, just because I found that it came in handy every now and then, but it's not an essential feature nor was it a deal-breaker.  The product description on Amazon's page actually provides more facts about the phone than is included in its instruction book (oddly, there is no "specifications" page in the MotoManual giving the user the hard facts), so I'd recommend copying and pasting the Amazon product description for your future records.  Other than that omission, the manual itself is quite clear and easy to use.So, for me, this phone fits the bill and I'm quite happy with it.  I would recommend it for anyone who needs a replacement for their AT&T; PAYG phone.

I needed a cheap, basic cell phone to replace the recently-deceased free phone I got when I signed up for Cingular (now AT&T;) four years ago. After reading some of the scathing reviews of unlocked cell phones here on Amazon, I was completely confused and wary, but decided to go ahead and get this phone. I'm glad I did, because it's turned out to be a perfectly acceptable brand-new and unlocked cell phone.  The battery lasts many days without recharging,  the calls are clear, and the manual was in English.The phone was sold and shipped by Amazon. The bad reviews on unlocked cell phones seem to be tied to third-party sellers who import phones of dubioius origins.  This is not one of those phones.

It is a simple quad band, good for use overseas.  I use a CDMA here in the US so I buy this when I travel overseas.

If you want a camera-phone, look elsewhere. This phone was designed to be just a phone, and it does exactly what it's supposed to do.I have been a Motorola user for years because of three things: (1) their phones are reliable, (2) they have great sound quality, and (3) I like their intuitive menus. I bought this and the Razr V9x at the same time. I really wanted to love the Razr and appreciated it in many ways, but this phone beat it hands down on sound quality. Besides, the Razr is heavy, hot, and has shorter battery life.If you want to travel to Europe and use a local sim-card, this phone is the perfect choice: quad-band, unlocked, light weight, blue tooth, user-friendly menu and inexpensive. I rounded out my purchase by getting a car charger from Zenith Mobile for $2.88 and a sandwich carrying case from Cell Phone Shop for 4.59.

This product is without any doubt an excellent option to buy. In fact, is very easy to add ringtones in this cell phone. And finally, the most important is the price

Bought this in order to have just one phone which could be used in US and England (and other European countries). It worked great, however finding cards to use in US was very difficult. We are simply not set up to buy cards the way England is.

Received in original box, snap the SIM card and called mamma. Very good phone, excellent battery life. I need a phone, not a gadget.

The Motorola phone fit my need exactly.  I wanted something reliable and inexpensive.  It's got all the features I need.

I was delighted with the phone for about 6 weeks. Then the screen began to develop a V-shaped dark area in the middle of it. It is almost useless now, and without a warranty, I suppose I am just out of luck.

Have no problem with reception, good clear reception. I do not like the way the center keys are in black which makes them hard to read. The bluetooth seems to cause other problems when it is on, outgoing calls connect but neither party can hear each other until I turn the phone off then back on to reset system. This happens fairly regular when bluetooth is turned on. Overall I guess this is an OK phone for the price if you don't want to take pictures, surf the internet, etc. I paid $48 for mine, which isn't bad at all for all the features it has plus bluetooth. Good bang for the buck!!

This item came in an appropriate box with a new phone, new house charger,and a new owner's book(in english)......and new looking battery.The folk's in my local AT&T; store told me that I had purchased the best "basic-use" phone available....I was only in the store to"buy minutes".

This was a replacement phone for myself after going thru a couple of RAZRs that kept breaking the face and the hinges fell apart. I love this phone! It seems very sturdy and the outside screen is very visible even in bright sunlight which is another problem I was having with the RAZR. No camera, but I knew that before purchasing and not a big deal to me. Just a great, basic phone for my needs.

Good batterie life,basic no picture messages,good reception.I have an ipod ,I did not care for playing music in my phone.

I bought this for my mom who is a cell phone novice.  So far, it works well, I like it

My Nokia bit the dust and I didn't want to get another one tied into a carrier so this one seemed to be what I needed. The "Moto" is easy to use, has good reception and for those who want the 'net on their phones this one gives you that capability. Battery life is more than adequate for my use since I turn it off at night. If you need a phone that doesn't make coffee this is the one for you.

This phone is one of the best I have ever had. Reception is great, Ring tones can be heard, good battery life and blue tooth that works. Speaker phone is a little weak on volume. Setting up the web sessions was a bit of a problem but with a few website visits and phone calls I got it all working. The manual is not that greatest for helping in setting up the phone. Overall it is a great phone and it is wonderful, having a unlocked phone, where content is not controlled by the service provider. International travel with my phone will be much easier and cheaper.

I have been using for about 4 months and I find it very good especially for Cingular/AT&T.; My earlier more expensive GSM phones have been unfaithful to me. But this one is very reliable.Plus: Good Battery lifeExcellent receptionVibration/Calendar/ReminderMinus: Very basic. Sound quality should be a bit better. Speaker is not good.

I bought this unlocked Motorola V197 cell phone in conjunction with a Motorola Bluetooth hands free visor clip, for my driving.  They work great individually and together. After examining my own needs and reading the reviews of others, I took a chance on this phone.  Reviews indicated it had a long battery life, good reception and initialized easily with a Cingular/AT&T SIM card.  Yeah!  Set up was easy.  (Thank you!) Reception is surprisingly better than my old phone, a big plus. The speaker feature of this phone was required and the hands free function of a Bluetooth seemed like a nice bonus.  The Bluetooth has turned out better than expected.  It's easy to use with good transmission and reception.  It was a good choice for me.  Amazon has always been great.  Their secondary sales vendors have also proven to be consistently superb.  Thanks Amazon.

Very basic phone. It only holds about 60 text messages and doesn't have a camera. However, I bought it to replace a very damaged Nokia and it works just fine, is well built, and has the few features I need (alarm clock, calculator, etc).

I brought this phone to use over seas because of it Quad-Band all I had to do is put in my sims card and it was ready to go. Folks who just want a basic phone to stay in contact with love ones &#34;this is good no one really wants to steal it and that's good to me.

I purchased this phone to use as a GSM phone in England and France and it performed perfectly. Unfortunately, it got stolen toward the end of the trip.

I am very pleased with this phone. I purchased it to replace my tmobile G1 because I no longer need a data plan. For me it's very easy to use and has excellent battery life. I would recommend this phone to anyone who doensn't need all the bells and whistles.

wanted to replace my V551 with a phone without a new contract.this is cheap and is working so far(3 months).. and also out of country on a different SIM card. happy with it. I am not a power user and the features are adequate for my routine usage.Cons: no video recorder..

I bought this phone for my dad to use overseas. He already had a sim card and he wasn't interested in any phone with any fancy bells and whistles. This phone was perfect. he took the phone, put his sim card in it and was back in business.

He didn't want anything smart. He just wanted it to be basic and loud. This fit his requirements and he loves it.
