
Good morning gentlemen AmazonThere was no echo comments to eliminate hassles to send me mns saying they will send the product to change because they know I live in Venezuela, the following is the Black Berry 9000 to buy me specifically where it will get damaged card cell phone party had the contacts and the headphones are damaged then you will understand if you can do something for me were really appreciate it thanksAtte. ing. Francisco Monsalve

I bought a new phone, received the old,phone is a blackberry 9000, instructions are blackberry 9530, very very disappointed.

The same problem, a REFURBISHED Phone, scratches, used battery, i not expected that from amazon...

I recently purchased this phone and from the start, on opening the box you can tell that this is NOT a new phone. There were scratches. Secondly I did not get a head set, or case. When you turn on the phone there were previous calls still logged in the call memory. I tried to use it in the caribbean but was told that the phone was LOCKED by AT&T. so now I cant use it. IT is useless to me.

After a normal working day, the cellphone can't receive calls. I have to turn power off and works! I perform this task daily and I dislike it.I have led the cellphone in technical service and they found motherboard problems and I have to spend more money to fix it.This is the second phone purchased at the same seller and both have had problems. I will not recommend to buy products to this seller.

I BOUGHT THE BLACKBERRY BOLD 9000 UNLOCKED USED AND IT WAS EXCELLENT. IT LOOKED BRAND NEW. I NEVER BOUGHT A PHONE ONLINE BEFORE, AND THIS FIRST EXPERIENCE WAS GOOD. I TOLD ALOT OF PEOPLE ABOUT THIS COMPANY AND THEY WILL BE BUING SOON, AND ME AGAIN. I RECOMEND YOU TO BUY FROM THEM. IM VERY HAPPY :)

I always buy a Blackberry phone, however what I received from Amazon was a refurbished phone, I ordered for a brand new phone, but the phone that I received was in used condition the back lid does not fit well with the frame work, Neither the battery and the box was original, was a fake accessories.I was more disappointed i was payed full price.

Advertised as &#34;unlocked&#34; but it was so locked that I am unable to use it. I am trying to return it but it is too late. What a waste of my money.

The phone was old and moreover was a defective piece. It ring tone keeps on going after few days and have to restart after re-installing battery every time. Please find the details of trouble i underwent. Its not only related to phone but also the way dealer dealt with me.1. The dealer sent me bb-curve instead of my order for bb-bold.2. After lot of request and follow up, they sent me correct phone.3. The phone once arrived was having defective back cover and keeps on coming out frequently.4. The phone was seeing to be old and not new one.5. The phone after few days started giving problem of ringtone. Goes on silent after sometime of use.6. Very pathetic and horrible experience. Just imagine i gave that gift to some one dear to me and now am feeling very bad.

Totally disappointed and frustrated with the product since it received did not cover the minimum requirements provided in the website such as new product, the mobile device I received is reconstructed with generic battery is not the original, without fittings and high equipment fails all the time, is a fraud, a scam. Will not recommend it because the victim of a vicious scam. I demand a response from the seller, not just what I received.

The cell phone was okay, I sent it to my wife oversea and she loved it, wifi works fine, and it came in when I was told it will ,i luv it.

I bought this phone as a backup phone. But when a friend of mine saw it, he made me an offer and I sold it to him. He has not offered to return it.

When this phone first came out I really liked it because it was new to but I did'nt like the ball one bit it kept on get stuck on me.

I always wanted to buy a Blackberry phone, however what I received from Amazon was a refurbished phone. I ordered for a brand new phone, but the phone that I received was in used condition (it had dust around the ear piece, and I also saw a few pics clicked by someone).I was more disappointed when I saw that the phone battery was fake (it was pure black in color, a Chinese make, and had no Blackberry symbol or name on it). Also the headphones that I got were fake.I have finally returned back the product for a complete refund.

It's the best phone of RIM, it work very good in USA and Ecuador (Latin America). The purchased and delivery was fast. All very good.

Worst buy ever. Does not hold the charge and is bulky and heavy.

I never thought I would own a Blackberry.  In fact, I first bought a Nokia e71.  The Symbian OS was not user friendly and nothing like the standard Nokia OS.The Blackberry Bold 9000 is very user friendly and the UI is intuitive.  Call quality and the speaker phone is very good.  I would recommend to anyone who wants a PDA.

I'm disappointed because, I bought 2 cellulars from you the first one I returned because it did not work, and now the second one the battery is not good, it's not holding the charge it only last for one hour.

Hi!I have bough this phone as a birthday gift for my teenager daughter. She has been using it for about three weeks, now. The phone came nicely packed. It was unlocked as advertised, and came with cables, charger and a screen-shield sheet. I could see no scratches on the cover, which fit just fine onto the back of the phone. The phone works pretty fine with Vivo, Oi and Claro carriers in Brazil. Therefore, I induce that it shall work as fine with other GSM carriers around the World. Regarding additional functionalities, wifi works great. Rear camera is only 2 MP but is still good enough to take some pictures (Not a 'Brastemp' camera, though, as they used to say in Brazil. [Note: In Brazil, a 'Brastemp' product or functionality of a product is a regional expression indicating either a product or a functionality of a product that does its job nicely and smooth, and even exceeds expectations). There is no front camera. Web browser is awesome and trackball superb. It comes with several pre-installed applications, and yet one can download another bunch of them. The keyboard is Ok, but as you know, one still needs to get used of it, as keys are small and tightly close each other, and one may miss a key or two while typing faster. Anyway, keypad in resistant. Neither my daughter nor I myself have tried either GPS or bluetooth, so far. You can also add a micro Sd card, which could make a difference if large storage amount is needed.Well, overall, a very good device and it have exactly met my daughter's expectations. So I give it five stars.Peace and blessings.

Hola amigos, compre este telefono con la plena confianza de que recibiria un buen producto mi mayor sorpresa fue que recibi un telefono usado con una bateria china usada y maltratada, el track ball defectuoso la tapa  no calza, sin audifonos, un cable de datos motorola y por la caja se ve a leguas que este es un producto reconstruido afortunadamente le funciona el teclado, el pin, pero no es la idea  no recomiendo comprar telefonos desbloqueados por esta via.

it is good

I'm very upset because I bought a NEW blackberry bold 9000 and they Sent me an USED one!! there were no Headphones and someone stole the CAMERA of the phone It didn't even have a CAMERA!!!! how can you imagine? that is wonderful!!!! Also the phone doesn't work with EDGE signal so I cannot use the Blackberry messenger even the windows live messenger which is more wonderful!!! I want amazon to send me a New cellphone or I want my money back!! Terrible seller!!

desde vzla edo aragua los 2 tlf sin fallas una semana de uso ya tienen y aparentemente todo marcha bien

By pass this thing and get an iPhone!Freezes frequently and requires a reset.Little ball thingy you use to navigate is a joke.Small screen.Fails to connect to WiFi hotspots too many times.Teeny tiny keys.Update software from RIM is a farce. No Shortcuts anywhere after install. No way to find the program executable as there are no Entries anywhere to get to it. No where. Once you trick it right after install or re-install or re-re-install, the update process stalls several times and then times out and you are stuck.FORGET IT. LIFE IS TOO SHORT.GET YOURSELF AN iPHONE!!!

I've owned Blackberrys for the past 5 years and liked them very much.  This 9000 Bold is the first BB I've owned where I've had to replace my phone three times in the past year due to one malfunction or another.  I purchased mine at AT&T and fortunately all the replacements came within the one year warranty. Although my mute/standby button is starting to fail once again (ugh).  Buying a BB without a warranty I think is foolhardy.  If the iPhone ever had a replaceable battery and multitasking like the BB, I'd probably switch.  The security issue is not that big a concern on the iPhone.  The replaceable battery and the multitasking are big issues for me, so it looks as if I'll stick with BB a while longer and see what transpires with the iPhone 4G when/if it appears. Actually, owning an iTouch and a BB (for those that can) is a pretty good compromise.

on Nov. 23 i bought his article &#34;BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS Navigation, and MicroSD Slot - International Version with No Warranty (Black ) &#34;whose cell phone came with flaws, is fully operable, with exception of the BIS (blackberry messenger does not work with any cell line), I welcome your prompt answers and solutions.

This handset is excellent value and function. The handset itself enables multiple applications and ease of use.  A definite improvement in the Blackberry range. The price is extremely competitive and delivery in almost instantaneous.  I thoroughly recommend this phone.

I fooled with the sale of the 3 phones, all came with problems until they are used, see pictures of family and music in the media, you must present law by the deception that I have, I thought that amazon was a prestigious store and I feel cheated, I'm disappointed.

Good article, good balidad of materials and design, software upgradeable, does not meet the needs of today usuariosde, but it is useful for people who would use it only for workBuen articulo, buena balidad de materiales y dise&ntilde;o, software mejorable, no se ajusta a las necesidades de los usuariosde hoy en dia, pero es util para personas que lo utilizarian solo para trabajo

It's 2nd hands phone! not the new one! You stupy retail!I bought around 2 month ago, the color around the frame lost. it's ugly!I will never buy your products again!

I was very excited to receive the phone.  When I found it on the website it said one year warranty if ordered from us. I guess I misunderstood that there wasn't a warranty if ordered through Amazon.  The phone was new, and even though it was an older model than I realized, I was ok with it since I had in my possession older chargers and earpieces, but the phone won't charge properly. It keeps cycling and shutting off.  I have learned a good lesson about ordering items like this on Amazon.  In the future I  will google the model and confirm warranty information.  In researching the phone, there are numerous post about this problem.One of the solutions was to update the software from Blackberry, but the model is no longer supported bt Blackberry, so no updates available.  I tried a few solutions, posted by techs online, but was unable to fix the problem.  This is a business phone for me,  I do a lot of texting and email, so limited charging, and shutting off won't work work for me.  A lot of money wasted and a good lesson learned!

I did not receive the Item I ordered instead a BlackBerry 9500 ETA -014/2009-R.  What can I do Now???????

Hi! Eventually took my new blackberry phone. The phone is great, all items like battery connection cable and CD are in box. It had took only two days to reach to my home, shipping was very fast. I liked it. Wish all the best to the Ytrade--the company which is selling this phones.Good luck.

I know a lot of people stated they bought this phone brand new from Amazon and they need to understand that these phones are made for international use which puts the phone outside of the blackberry's warranty. If you buy this phone used, you will see a fake or generic type of battery that was probably used to replace the older battery and sometimes these phones are probably from people trading in their phones for the new blackberries.You have to take into consideration before you buy any international phone that isn't an Apple or Android Product that you will get a generic battery for replacement if you buy this phone refurbished or used. I do agree with buyers who got screwed with the brand new phones. I bought this phone brand new from a 3rd party seller that had the phone sealed and it came sealed with all authentic parts. So I suggest you think about buying from a third party. I do not buy refurbished phones from Amazon because most the time they will have a generic battery on the phone, a returned phone from a customer who ordered through their wireless services which gives you the chance you will get an AT&T; Phone but these phones are unlocked and supposed to be.I suggest you buy from 3rd party sellers that has established positive feedback (I buy from companies that has feedback rating of over 98% and is fulfilled by Amazon). I ordered this phone from Amazon warehouse deals and overall it was well worth the purchase for what I paid for. It cost me 80 bucks for this typical phone which is still popular. The 9930 version is the most popular and still running around 260-280 bucks.This phone is probably one of the best phones that has the best rolling ball in the middle and have good navigation.

very relievable fone couldn't ask for more works perfecto wi fi perfect everything good my friend the owner is happy

I plan to return this item because, shortly after received, the navegation ball did not work well. I do not know what caused this nor do I know if the item was actually a refurbished instead of a new one as I had ordered.

Phone with a non blackberry branded battery! A fake one that do not work for more than 20 hours on stand by! That is not possible!

I like my purchase alot although when I opened it, it doesnt look like BRAND NEW. however , it is working very good till NOW

This item is used, and the power adapter even cannot connect to the cell phone. Don't buy it if you want a NEW one. It works fine

I really like the look and feel of the blackberry.  The functions seem to be set up in an easy to use way.  I have gotten nice reception in my location as well.  My only big criticisms are that it should have come with a protective case and also that the battery needs to be charged about every day and a half; at least for the level of use that i give it.

I would like to rate this product , a 0 rating because after receiving this product 1 .it could not charge with the U S B cable nor transfer no data, 2 . it charge 2 times with the ac voltage (110 volts) adoptor and never charge again,so i would like to say this product is just a waste or the company send it with a fault.thank youkrish beharry

No warranty which amazon promised on the web. It seems not to be an original one.

Dear all, it has been 3 months of my service provider and my work mobile department trying to get lotus notes to work on this.No success. The Business Enterprise function is on, we have tried with several sim cards with functioning BES, my work mobile unit plugged the device informationinto RIM's advance technical support services with no success.The blackberry's PIN is somehow blocked. You'd do yourself a favor and buy a brand new phone from somewhere else. This is not worth the trouble.

I bought this phone for my sister and it works really good in Panama city Panama...You get an amazing camera a fantastic music player, extremely fast internet and excellent reception.... Blackberry Bold 9000 is a very good phone.

EXCELENTE

This is the worst product i have ever bought on Amazon.Phone didn't power on. When it eventually did after one week it managed to work for one week and it practically died. Painful i took it abroad as a gift. I would have returned it. But items like this are not supposed to be on this platform.

La carcasa estaba demasiado deteriorada tuve que comprar una nueva original y el precio me subio promedio a uno nuevo en el mercado de amazon

I bought this phone and although the features were great, I was getting horrible reception with my network provider. When I took it to a store to be checked out, I discovered the phone was refurbished and a part needed to replaced. Would never buy a phone from amazon again. Expected so much better from them.

I think I can say now that this is the worst phone i have ever owned. I have had it for six months and it has given me nothing but anxiety. the ball never works, speakers are low and it freezes to often. I have tried all the tricks with fixing the balls but nothing seems to work. I regret i ever got this phone.

Product came as described. I had a little issue with the trackball but it cost me maybe US$7,00 to fix it! For the price and product value, awesome purchase.

About a month ago, I returned the Blackberry Bold 9000 that I bought from you, because it was defective. I'm still waiting for my money to be refunded. I need to know how much longer do I have to wait. Thank you for you're help.

The battery charger was received broken..The booklet was a reprint and only in english..fone cannot seem to be able to change over the spanish language. Replacing charger was a cost of $25.00.

I want to express my dissatisfaction with the product sold by one of Amazon's suppliers(SellPhoneshop)because it sold me a faulty Blackberry Bold 9000. The failures phone were: Display burned and battery charger working bad. After the reparation of those failures the equipment get new failures again and i contacted directly to the Blackberry technical support and they told me that the equipment can't be repaired.I do not know how I can get my money back and prevent to other Amazon's users about the quality of the Sellphoneshop products, in order they don't have similar experiences to mine.

the blackberry are in perfect conditions but It is uncomfortable to have a blackberry without a memory. It should have it included in the

This Blackberry came with a bigger battery and HTC brand damage load pins, once you buy another battery worked, and at 3 months but did not catch on, then do not understand how a new computer puedetraer a battery that can wrong the damage and long productDeshacer cambios. bad experiencegrande y marca HTC que da&ntilde;o los pines de carga, una vez que le compre otra bateria funciono, y a los 3 meses no prendio mas, entonces no entiendo como un equipo nuevo puedetraer una bateria incorrecta que puede a la larga da&ntilde;ar el productoQUE MALA EXPERIENCIA

This phone came with the wrong battery to start with.When the proper battery was placed in the phone, the blackberry STILL did not work!!!!I would warn anyone looking to buy merchandise from this company to do so at their own risk. I purchased a blackberry bold from this company that was faulty and DOES NOT WORK and even before they saw the phone I purchased after I lodged my complaint (which they wanted me to apparently ship back at my own expense AFTER the purchase of a faulty phone) denied that that phone was in fact there own merchandise simply because I used a sky box!! This of course was after they firstly admitted that they have "young staff that make mistakes" and this was also after I have specifically stated that I have had my skybox company for YEARS and never had any experience with them tampering with any of my goods.Of course Cellphone Zone found it was reasonable for me to believe that my skybox company would open the box the phone came in, take out the blackberry I bought from Cellphone Zone and replace it with a faulty phone that was the exact model as the one I got for Cellphone Zone and then close back the box and somehow make it look like the seals were never broken or tampered with. To this company THAT apparently makes "perfect" sense instead of just admitting that they sold me a faulty product! Just letting buyers out there know what they are dealing with and that ALL is lost if you ever have to deal with this company for a claim and you used a skybox!!!!This company sells faulty phones!!! They are taking people's money and giving them phones that DO NOT WORK!!!! BEWARE!!!!

Purchased the  phone, 1 day later battery died went to charge it, phone wouldnt charge or anything. Bought a new batterey still did the same thing.

buy a cell phone in May and is used, bring some pictures, the lid does not work, or the battery does not come back to buy phones from amazon.scammers

abuy this phone used cos me around 191 us dollar and iwait for it around aweek and when ireseved afind that the back cover of the black berry it doesnt work even icant cover the phonefrom the back im wundern that how these people wase your time and money for thing that doesnt work good .so ihave to  reurnd back coast money and time too so why amazon trust some seller doesnt shipp good phone to the custmer and why the seller shipp me bad phone and wast my time and my money so this it will be my last time to shope from amazon becouse ireseved something doesnt work well >>>..............

The battery doesn't work also the speaker doesn't work !  &#34;there is no sound out from the phone &#34;I won't buy any thing from them .

I order two cellphones in the last months, and they have problems. Th blackberry didn't start and the android did'nt have android market. If you wish to not have problems don't buy from this seller.

This phone looked very new when I first open the box, but when I check the status, it shows that the Data Usage is 251.1K, and the Voice Usage is 1:05:23.  And there are five pictures that were took on 6/21/2012, one voice note that was also took on that day too.. Otherwise, this phone works pretty good for me, and I am not going to return this product, cuz it seems worth this price..

I am not quite sure it is a completely new phone,but it is really nice , if you like bb with querty and roller , I recommand.

very good phone I am satisfy with this phone meet my expectation, so I recommend this  product to my friends

It is Good but the Camera is of very poor quality.. It has lot of functions, but sorry to say the phone was lost due to my negligence...

I traded in my nokia e71 for the blackberry bold 9000 purchased from Amazon.  Like others reviewing this phone, received the phone no manual, a black generic battery not blackberry, phone keeps shutting off.  I must say however, the phone is still new, maybe it will get better.  i am sceptical now since many of the person reviweing this phone indicate that it is refurbished.  How could that be I paid for a new phone. If that is the case I am very disappointed in amazon, especially since I have purchased many phones from them and all were received new no complaints.  I am sorry I can't give this phone a positive review just for the fact that I got a plain generic looking battery and have lost faith in amazon

I bought this phone with the assumption that I was getting a deal little did I know I got an inferior product. The letter Z when entered into the keyboard brings up Y and Y brings up Z. The track ball started giving problems on the second day I received the item. Being that I do not live in the USA I could not have sent back the item because of freight cost and taxes I had already paid. At the end of it all I think I was robbed.

I purchased a "new" Blackberry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone. It was delivered very quickly, with all correct packaging.However there is a problem with the phone:  +86 is automatically inserted before stored numbers- if i save a number either with or without a country code, it will still add 86 before the saved number. 86 is the country code for China. The handset says AT&T.; The only way to make a call is to manually type in the number (so you can't click on stored contacts, click on numbers in emails, etc).I've just read other reviews from OEM Shop BB Bold "new" purchases with AT&T; logo with similar problems (the phones appear to either be used/refurbished or cheaply manufactured to a standard to lower than other BB).----I also wanted to clarify this phone was purchased with a full warranty for 1 year however OEM will not honor this. I have gotten two responses from OEM customer service: the first asked me for the IMEI number from the back of the phone. I sent all the numbers on the back of the phone; they didn't recognize any of them and then asked instead for the Amazon order number. After I emailed the order number I never heard back, despite follow up emails.I recommend not purchasing an unlocked BB through Amazon and avoid purchases from OEM. I've read about numerous unlocked BB problems and thought that buying from OEM which had good reviews and offered a warranty, would minimize the chance of being ripped off. I was wrong! I spent $345 on a defective or refurbished phone that doesn't dial correctly.

I RECEIVED IT IN TIME, AND THE PRODUCT I BOUGHT WAS THE ONE I WANTED. EVERYTHING MORE THAN OK. THE BOX WAS CLOSED, WITH ALL THE ACCESORIES IN, NEW. ALL THAT I EXPECTED

I bought a new phone, however what I received from Amazon a refurbished phone.The phone has wrong speaker, I can't hear when somebody call me or send a pin message.  The battery door is broken and can't close well.The battery was scratched. My phone box did not included: Headphones, case, instruction/manual book, application CD.The phone also had a AT&T; logo, although I bought only a unblocked phone.

Excelente envi&oacute; (R&aacute;pido), tel&eacute;fono en perfecto estado, original esta nuevo. No comparto las 5 estrellas de excelencia porque prefiero esperar a tener algo de tiempo de uso con el tel&eacute;fono, y si es as&iacute; les dar&eacute; las 5 estrellas!! Contenta son honestos con lo que est&aacute;n ofreciendo.

me parecencia un buen producto para mis necesidades y para lo que voy a necesitar me p&aacute;rese excelente y tienes buenas caracter&iacute;sticas en lo personal

its the worst buy that I made in amazon, it doesnt have this factorys like a ab3123, used products, with fail, and in poor quality...

I bought 2 similar items. One was perfect and the other one, the batery failed. It is not working properly.

THIS IS THE BEST BB OUT THERE, MY ONLY COMPLAIN IS THAT THE CAM IS ONLY 2 MP BUT ITS A GREAT PHONE

This is a GREAT product! But it lacks support from Amazon.Good support from RIM (manufacturer) and after two weeks BIS services were working with my current mobile phone operator (Vivo Brazil).

The product was of poor quality, although I returned the money, lost much time between the sending and the return. Also as it was not for use within the USA I complicate the return. But if the money recovered

It is sold as new but is refurbisher. Damage the speaker first, then battery and finally the Operating system unusable. I live outside the United States and actually lost money because my return was very complicated. Now I have an expensive paperweight on my desk.

My only issue with this phone is that some of the letters or buttons do not work from time to time and that the trackball sticks and doesn't allow you to roll &#34;up&#34; almost all the time. Even though the phone was used I feel that the seller should have made buyers aware of these flaws.

I received the Blackberry 9700 but is not working. What happen? I'm in Colombia and now what can I do? I opened my package today, and after 5 minutes the cell phone is broken. What is this???? The trackpad is not working???????? What?? I'm so angry I had to wait 15 days more after the shipping day and I received a Beautiful Blackberry but is broken. What kind of company are you?

its very good product its great i love it, i recomemded 100 %, its comes witout any details is totally new, its amazing product it works properly i recomemded 100 %

The unit i got in real terms is a extremely poor quality unit. There is some great deal of problems now which i don't know how to solve.The exterior of the phone is as good as new. However, the following problems,1. the phone gets switched off on its own. and when it has to start, it takes every. especially it gives a signal of a Cross over the battery. If we plug the phone to the charger then the phone shuts down again.2. The back cover keeps falling all the time. the locking arrangement is so poor and i wonder which idiot designed it.3. the software keeps giving some sort of error. Once when i connected it to the internet it updated itself and later it has been a problem always.I hate this phone, but now i am stuck to it.Sarang

I am an international buyer from Nigeria. I purchased this phone because it shows that it is an international and unlocked version. unfortunately, i was sent an AT&T; version (with AT&T; written on it). It is not accepting my SIM. It says SIM cannot be recognised. I unfortunately cannot return it because i had to ship it through a third party freighting company. Returning it will cost way more.This item is completely unsuable for me and I have also lost $125 + 3rd party shipping cost for buying it.

Blackberry Bold Review: English 015I love the Blackberry Bold! It functions perfectly as a phone and is quick in delivery of text messages and blackberry messages. The web and e-mails are easily accessed and viewed.  In addition, the Blackberry is small and can easily fit into your pocket.  The Bold's keypads lock upon your command so you don't have to worry about "pocket calling" people.Within seconds the Blackberry browser connects you to the Internet where you can search for free and it doesn't drain the battery. While on the web, you can download hundreds of applications to your Blackberry Bold such as googlemaps, facebook, skype, etc. Even more convenient, you don't need a digital camera if you have a Blackberry Bold because it contains a digital camera and a video camera. The Blackberry Bold is fantastic because you can use it to send pictures/videos via email, texts, Blackberry messenger, or even upload them to facebook and tag your friends within seconds. Lastly, the Bold won't let you forget a friend's birthday or an important meeting for work. The Blackberry Bold has an onscreen calendar that connects to the alarm and will always remind you of important events.In summation, the Bold does everything required in a phone and more. Right in your pocket, at the touch of your fingers, you can have everything needed to communicate with those around you. Finally, it is slick and stylish!

I am disappointed at the fact I recieved the phone and found out it was refurbished.  That is not what I expected, since that is not in the product description.I am surprized Amazon.com permits this.

Receive a greeting. The purchased product arrived in good condition. The observation I have is that the phone came without the installation CD and no lining for protection. I really do not know if it included the same, or not sent. Packaging or original box but does not seem to think that quality issues the store opens and reviews the product for shipping.Thanks ...

A very good option... even that I've been a nokia fan throughout my entire life!! This is a must have!

My mom has always been a classic Blackberry lover. This phone is very sleek and professional looking, and still has the classic rollerball. You should definitely get a protective case, however, as my mom has dropped hers since getting it and the back cover broke.

Very good phone. This product is of excellent quality. Meets all specifications provided by the manufacturer and its performance is superior. I highly recommend it.

I bought this product with the description of a 2MP camera, and when i got my order, the phone didnt have a camera or works AT ALL so i just lost my money with this company, and they wouldnt solve anything...so people know what to expect with this seller...

I received the phone and fell in love with it.  However after two week the phone was dead.  I tried charging the battery and suddenly the LED light turned red and blinking. I did everything and could not get the phone turn on ever again.

I just want to agree with persons who reviewed before WARNING us that these phones are either fake or refurbished! Indeed they are. I purchased two. Within a few days one starting giving problems so we returned it. I thought "Ok maybe it was just a lemon".  A couple months later the other one started to give problems and I can't return it of course so thats $300 down the drain.  Not worth it. Buy it elsewhere (this from someone who buys everything from amazon.com)

It is exactly what I was expecting.  The only thing is that the seller included in the package the wrong charger port.  It was not compatible with the cell that I got.  I call that human error.  Since I don't live in the US I could not return the package or asked for a new one.  I just purchased another charger.  But the cell was what I was expecting...

I purchased an unlocked phone with 3G memory, but the phone came locked and without memory, it is the worse experience that I have buying on line

Blackberry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 Mp Camera, 3g, Wi-fi and GPS --International Version (Black) 30 Day Warranty Gsm Pda Smartphone ( Esa es la descripcion del producto como podras ver aparece unlocked "desbloqueado" y no lo esta por esta razon te doy esa puntuacion la verdad me molesta mucho la gente que hace mal las cosas, si el telefono no estaba liberado no lo coloques y ya!... si me solucionas el problema tal vez elimine la puntuacion)

hate it hate it hate it hate it  . the battery is week . u need to charge every one hour . it sucks . waste of money

I read the negative reviews of this product before buying and bought anyway. I guess I thought, "Even if it is a refurbished phone, who cares?  As long as it works."  So I bought it, and at first I was quite pleased.  The battery drained quickly, but other than that, everything was fine.  That was before I tried to get a data plan (when I was just using the phone for talking and texting).  I've spent six hours at the T-mobile store over the past two weeks trying to trouble-shoot this thing, and the techies there say they've never seen anything like it.  The phone cannot access the data plan I have.  At first we thought it was due to corrupted software, so we replaced it. But even with the software overhaul, the phone doesn't allow you to switch from "Hotspot Browser" (wifi) to "Internet Browser" (to be used with any carrier's data plan).  It's really strange.  But it defeats the point of having a SmartPhone if you can only access the internet and email when you can get wifi. Thank God I bought a warranty to go with it.  I'll definitely be sending this thing back.  It's not worth the headaches, time, money, and inconvenience.  Don't buy!

The phone kept shutting off even when i charged it all night, so i bought a new battery same result. So i came to the conclusion that the phone was just garbage

this iten did not work at all it was supposed to be a gift .. very dissapointed.this phone this person sold was terrible messed up

This device has one of the best keyboards.  It is so easy to type.  If you like texting, writing lots of emails, this will be a very pleasant device for you.  It also has very powerful features such as 3G connectivity.  Bright screen and all the usual conveniences of blackberry.  Highly recommend.

It worked well for me in africa and I was delighted  the phone was a quality phone.I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a simple phone.

Received the unit in about a week of ordering and paying.  I was expecting it a bit sooner, but that is ok.  The horrible part was, it would not charge the phone.  Upon plug-in the unit, the red indicator will come on for a minute or so and then go blank.  The phone does not even start.  I have requested for return.  I think amazon.com needs to seriously look into this matter with so many complaints of the same nature for the same exact item.

Me enviaron un blackberry con defectos, tristemente es un simple tel&eacute;fono, no le sirvi&oacute;: 3G y no tiene disponibilidad para los servicios de Internet.

good reliable product was expected to be purchased without any doubt to me a good quality result good good good

I purchused this phone a couple of weeks ago and it arrived perfectly. I use it right now in Costa Rica and it came with original box and original accesories. Box was unopen, everything inside was brand new. Great service, great phone. Definetly recomend this seller, I'll definetly buy again from them.

I cannot believe Amazon did this again to me..this phone is a refurbished one..I bought this phone as per the title "NEW"..But embarrassment was here...i gifted this phone to my cousin only to hear from him say that it had existing wallpapers and scratches on the battery..."What the Heck..?"..Seriously its high time some one should take initiative to sue Amazon for this..their sellers of these phones are also crap for most of the time..they have this title (beware) "unlocked new phone with warranty"- B.S: Nothing new and no warranty for your information..this happened to me with a seller called The OEM Shop..and their customer service was also very bad..Heavily disappointed, Embarrassed and and am fuming!

I like my BB very much, but it was delivered incomplete, because the charger did not come, and other appliances show in the description of the product.

Hi I ordered blackberry 9000. The product was shipped from japan or china and it looks like duplicated product. I dont recomment anyone to buy stuff from this buyer. I was also not able to track the package.

Just perfect. Need to say more. The product is whst you expect. Simple put. You buy what you want but the expectation is unexpected.

...and what do I mean by that title line, exactly?The Blackberry Bold 9000 is, in essence, a small computer (as are all smartphones.) The leading trendy iCompetitor to the Blackberry may have some limitations, but running the most basic of audio editing/composition apps isn't one of them: the Blackberry on the other hand has its audio hardware set up to only be able to play one [generated] sound at a time - i.e. it lacks true polyphony. This shouldn't be a showstopper - buffered synthesis being one possible solution - and yet there's not even the most basic MIDI composition available for the Bold.To which the BB die-hards reply, "Ah, but the Blackberry's not a toy! It's a businessman's machine! Blackberry users are serious businesslike people."...and yet there are apps available for astrology, palm reading, bible quotes, random noise players, etc. etc. - obviously all very relevant and important to business people. [eyes rolling]In the end, it's been a fine smartphone for me in just about every other regard more or less. A couple hassles, most easy to figure out with a little Google sleuthing. But all I want is the most basic/barebones MIDI editor/composer/sequencer - hell, it can just have one piano sound - and I'd be a lot happier with it: it's beyond comprehension that I'm the only consumer out there that'd like this too.

Works ok. I hade to upgrade it and install an app that clears/resets all memory daily because otherwise it would have multiple shutdowns per day (even while talking).Back lead is a little loos.Everything else working great.

El ofertante miente ofrece un articulo nuevo, ylo que envian es uno usado y para mas con desperfectos. No comprar este articulo al menos con este ofertante. Y aparte de todo ni siquiera puedo devolcer el articulo ya que me encuentro en Venezuela.

Quisiera saber porque me enviaron el tel&eacute;fono bold 9000 con una pila vieja, lo que tuve que comprar una nueva, al igual que el 9780 no vino con aud&iacute;fonos, estoy decepcionado,,gracias

For some reason this product did not work as expected.Once battery is depleted it will never boot up. Swab its battery with afriend's own, worked for just 45min and never come up afterward.I am realy disspointed.

I have tried everything I know but this phone is dead. I can only use it to make and receive calls. Of what use is a smart phone when it can't acquire data. So sad

Thease guys are selling you fake product.I had a Bold before that is why I bought this.But this has fake battery, fake ear phones./none has Blackberry logos.It is even bigger than the one I bought . I am totally screwed.

Its ok but i got all the wrong connections. charger usb cord. I am unable to return as it is not financially sensible to do so

Because the discription said new and it was a used phone the scroll ball working when it want I still have to change parts but say what. I learn from my mistakes. Thanks still thought

the telephone present problem when you push the letters "a", and "q" at the first day use. and I cant changed because I live in Venezuela.

A bad product, battery isn't original, I bought it around 6 months ago and now is not working properly, never did, battery failed and it never came with the original........Wi-Fi never worked..... why AMAZON.COM don't warn to your customers about this bad equipment and avoid someone still buy it???DON'T BUY THIS EQUIPMENT

This product only lasted for a couple of days. And they won't give you the money back. Terrible product. What a waste of money. Please DO NOT BUY from this vendor!!!

Over the last several months I have been taking many photos and receiving many urgent messages so I decided that I would purchase a "smart phone." I had attempted to set up an account with "T-Mobile" but they kept on asking for information about me that I already had provided, I grew frustrated and canceled my order.It was at this point that I decided to purchase this phone. I would have been better off if I had provided "T-Mobile" with the same information for the next 1,000,000 years! When I opened the package I discovered that the bottom portion of the phone which functions as a sort of case for the battery compartment was damaged, the phone doesn't or can't scroll up or down, and the printing in the instructional manual is so microscopic that you need Superman's eyesight just to have a chance to read it, furthermore unlike some other technology related products there is no online version of the manual that you can turn to so that you can read it easier.The battery is lousy, it provides "power" for only about 5 minutes, a major problem also is that after you open the package you discover that you were given the wrong information as to what memory card to purchase the information that is given by the provider to "Amazon" is that it takes a micro SD card, it does not, instead it requires a SIM card.It goes without saying that it would have been most helpful if I had known this in advance as I would never have ordered a piece of crap such as this.I believe that a refund is in order and that is being quite mild about it.

many scratches with blows to the corner of the phone and the charger was not generic served me well will hurt me

It is a cheat.The cell is used, even not refurbished.the back cover is broken. A corner lost.the Battery compartment is full of dust.I can't beleive that happend in Amazon.

It works just for simple use, because the problemm is that it doesnt have enough cache memory to save the most of my common applications. It works ok with 3G

Feels great in the hand, the leather covered back makes for great feel in hand, only problem I have is that same great feeling cover tends to come off a little too easy, but upgrading from a 8820, this is really fast no freezing, ooh and the battery life sucks, but as soon as I upgrade the battery I will be quite happy with this phone, nice bright screen. love it minus the battery and cover issue.

Don't let the other reviews discourage you. This phone is and awesome phone to have. Sometimes the ball might get irritating, but the phone overall is awesome!On WiFi, the internet runs pretty fast! I live in the Bahamas and i ordered an unlock phone and i got everything: blackberry headphones,charger, case, manual etc. I would recommend you buying a new one and not a use one!My order actually came earlier than its expected arrival date. I love ordering with Amazon. Not only are the prices good, but they give great service!

The phone came to me in ample time and was as stated . The only complaint was this phone is the first virsion and has not had any updates and needs to be updated to be used with the system AT&T is using . Some of the functions would not work without updating . I wish this would have been stated by the seller and this way there was no problems . A disclosure stetement would have been great .....

gracias por el articulo vino en exelentes condiciones...gracias por el articulo vino en exelentes condiciones.. gracias por el articulo vino en exelentes condiciones

The cell I arrived on time and in accordance with all its accessories, the software also had to program in Spanish.

After contacting Amazon to ensure that this product (when sold directly by Amazon) was new, I decided to order this phone. This item is not new and comes with parts not original to the phone. The box was not original. The phone did not work properly. The trackball would not scroll in certain directions, so the phone was basically useless. Thankfully, Amazon has a great return policy, if you purchase the phone directly from them. They refunded my full purchase price. I do not know who is actually selling these phones, but whoever it is, they are pulling a big scam. Do not order this phone.

La verda el producto llego bien sin rayas ni nada... Lo unico q la bateria era usada y tu be q comprarla de nuevo.del resto todo muy bien gracias saludos

es un telefono repotenciado.. llego defectuoso. el trackball danado. y por arte de magia la pantalla se da&ntilde;o al mes

The product is very bad damage to the second month, it was not possible to repair damage to the board.

I have a problem with cell phone black berry bold 9000 that bought, this one don't charge. I want to back the product and change it.Best regardsOscar Castro

Hello everyoneI received my BlackBerry Bold 9000 today and to my disappointment the following things were noticed:1. The back cover does not fit properly and will not stay closed.2. The incorrect power adapter was shipped with the phone.I had the phone shipped from the U.S. to the Costa Rica, so sending it back for correction/fixing would be a nightmare.I'll search for replacement parts here; it just sucks that the Q/A assurance process failed in my situation.Peace

BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS good phone and works for any gsm withot problems

I wanted to get a Blackberry because it fulfills my job needs that was the main about getting a BB, my surprise was when I finally got it, it was 100% refurbished, any of the  specifications were working properly, no internet access every time I wanted to get a wireless connection cellphone turns off, no able to save contacts or send SMS.I was really disappointed on how Amazon treats their customers, I order a replacement about 4 weeks and still have not received it, I have the doubt what kind of phone am I getting this time, when I call to report this situation they told me there is no way to be 100% sure the replacement is a brand new phone.I am still waiting for the other phone ...

The seller said this is a brand new phone.But, what I get is a used phone with a break-up back cover and scratches on it. Further more, the BBM is not working. Is a piece of junk. Very disappointed.

I feel cheated, this phone was impaired and i sent it to repair, 6 months late the cell phone doesn't work out, i bought the phone like new but i am sure the phone was refurbished

Great phone!

Does it support Arabic Langauge. ? Does it support reading Arabic Transcripts ? Does it support Keyboard with English + Arabic Letters ? Does it support writing Arabic ?

very good product, they sent him completely original in its sealed box with all original accessories, I want all the products you buy were so excellent,

The keys are not properly labelled I have two keys marked "J" and no "K". Still checking out phone...will update with any other faults that may arise

Good morning I am afraid I can not generate a good report I bought the phone unlocked in order to use it in Venezuela and I am very sad to say that the telephone does not work. so not only did I end up without a phone, but I also lost my money.Sincerely

This phone is a SCAM!!!!!!!!!!! There's no rating for this phone, please be aware that AMAZON and THE SELLER is a FRAUD & they should be SUED! This useless piece of junk gets here fast but it's nothing compared to new as it was described. This is a used phone & it's also not UNLOCKEDDDDDDDDD! The Battery is Fake, There's dent on the Phone & it does't work. This phone would make a man sin their soul!!

I bought the BlackBerry Bold 9000 in spite of what other users had written. Well, it wasn't my lucky day. The battery was not an official battery (appeared to be a knockoff), the screen would go white after 20 minutes of use (I attribute this to the battery as well) and the video camera would not function properly.  I have sent my defective one back to Amazon and requested a replacement so hopefully it was just a fluke.

I got this phone for its good looks and I got exactly what I paid for. This phone stays charged for about one hour. I have bought blackberries before but this was ridiculous. I had to purchase another phone because this one was faulty.

This phones are REFURBISHED!!! I can't believe that AMAZON IS SELLING THIS PHONES AS BRAND NEW WHEN THEY ARE NOT!!!1.- The box is not the original black blackberry box, instead is a blue with the words in white. Looks like a copy of the blackberry.2.- I hadn't received the earphones.3.- The security label of water in the phone was red, that means that the phone was previously wet.4.- The speaker is damage because doesn't sounds good, it sounds pretty low. When i put a song, the sound of the earphone was much more loud than the speaker.5.- Some keys on the keyboard gets stucked.The worst thing is that i can't return it because i'm very far. SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!!!

Its a fair phone. Camera is good, so is the the display quality. The navigation ball can get stuck at times which can be annoying.

seems to be a good product, also I love the matter that is ready for use to any Country it should be desired to go to... that is great it being unlocked..

Muy insatisfecho, porque el equipo enviado es repotenciado y al momento de elegir la compra, sale que es nuevo (New).

excelente articulo y la tienda que promociona 100% recomendado , y es un equipo con sus carasteristicas fuciona muy bien gracias.

Buy two phones blackberry for me to send them to Venezuela, one of them I had no problems, but the other came all bad, all these phones are AT & T, and reconstruct, the phone's battery was damage to two weeks, and sound too bad wine did not sound anything! is very obvious that we can not return the phone because we are far away and shipping is very expensive, what a disappointment get this phone in this state, relying on what they say something that is not accurate because they are new, very careful not to buy take this disappointment of a page as recognized as AMAZOM. RegardsThese phones are refurbished, are a fraud buy them as new.

It is not a new one. There are tiny dust inside camera. And the back cover is very loose. I am very angry!

PAY FOR SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT WORK !!!!! I bought this phone to bring it to Venezuela and it turns out I had thousands of problems, to unveil it detects that was used, scuffed, and the back cover did not work, that also included two batteries and lasts no more than 4 hours and the computer shuts down to all times. Honestly, I ask the Amazon site, taking into consideration the complaints that this leaves uncertain the quality of what is sold there, it should be noted, I have made several purchases from amazon and the first time that I can think of percanse of this type. URGENT request a solici&oacute;n !!!!!!!.

Good at these moments friend buys him a telephone Blackberry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 Mp Camera, 3g, Wi-fi and GPS - International Version (Black) 30 Day Warranty Gsm Pda Smartphone. I write to him because I 1 month ago approximately buy this one the cellular equal one but white color. Already this one is the second product that I buy him. I want that me envie the cellular one of brand AT&T; like it did with other one.Good porfavor I wait for his prompt response. Thank you

Hi everyone, they sold this new phone to me and when it arrived I relaize batterydoes not last more than 3 hours (NOT 3 DAYS, 3 HOURS). If some one changed it forthem or if they did it them selves is not my fault and I know my rights. I willwait 1 week to see if they send me the new battery for this cell otherwise I'llproceed with the rights the law gives me on THIS FIELD.

This unit is not a Brand New. The Box doesn't have a Blackberry Tag, almost detroyed box. I can't believe from Amazon.LLC

Wasn't to impressed, it was too big and stoped working by day 2. Nice display screen and compact buttons though.

This is a great blackberry and if you have every used a blackberry before, the interfact and trackball is standard.  Only thing I would say is that if you can, I would get the Bold 9700.  It is smaller in size, doesn't use a trackball anymore and still has the leather back cover which gives it a touch of class and sets it apart from the other blackberry's.

the phone is new brand but the battery doesnt work at all. everytime i try to charge it, it would show a pic of the batttery and an X on it so the battery isnt taking charge at all therefore i cant put on the phone.im very disapointed with this product.

I just bought 1 NEW BLACKBERRY BOLD 9000 from CELL LOUNGE INC. via Amazon.com with the price of USD 283.99. The battery only lasted for 2 days even though I did not use it (only switch it on without using it for texting @ talking). When I check the battery, I just realized that the battery look very old with some scratches on it. I strongly believed the battery is the USED BATTERY. Other than that, I also believed that the cell phone itself is a refurbished one although they said it is a brand new. I can see some scratches at the back of the phone. So, be careful if you all wanna buy cell phones from Cell Lounge. They may be cheating the customer by giving discounts on prices, but selling the refurbished items.

I was very skeptical about this phone after reading all the negative reviews, however I took a chance and ordered the phone for my aunt who was traveling in 2 days prior to my purchase. I paid for 2 day shipping and received the phone on time. it had everything a new phone should and even came with a free blackberry Bluetooth headphone. The phone came in AT&T box which was what the person who helped us to unlock it exactly wanted (he recommended buying AT&T or t-mobile phone because they are more compatible with international phones). So anyway, the phone arrived in excellent condition (although it seems like this was a factory refurbished phone, but it still looked like new). I saw a little scratch on the screen when I unwrapped it, but it turns out the scratch was only on the plastic cover and didn't affect the phone. The only negative was that the back cover (where you put the battry and the sim card) was a little shaky, so I bought one of those protective covers which not only made it more study but also made the phone look more beautiful like new.

This is a reasonably priced Bold 9000 but the listing isn't 100% accurate. I've contacted amazon about it, hopefully they can fix the listing/hardware issues.The handsets (I've gone through two - an exchange to see if I'd get anything different) are O2 UK branded. They are indeed unlocked, but they're not the unbranded international version that was expected. They have O2 branding on the body and an O2-branded UI (boot splash, browser, etc.)The phone works fine, gets great reception, and the Bold 9000 itself is the last in a line of excellent phones from RIM, definitely worth the purchase if you know what to expect.The box contains a card from a now-defunct cellular company "PDA Giant" - they appear to be some halfway fishy operation out of Florida, probably why they're now-defunct.The phone was dusty, I didn't find any odd pictures on it like other buyers have said, but given the originating source of these, I'm really not surprised this happened. It looks like these have been in a warehouse for a while thoughMy box contained:* BlackBerry Bold 9000 handset, O2 UK branded and a battery door* a COUNTERFEIT battery. These are generally DANGEROUS and are the most frequent type of battery to explode on users. I'd recommend not using the battery, I purchased a BlackBerry M-S1 battery from Amazon [...] that appears to be legit, it has all the standard RIM markings on it. The counterfeit battery doesn't hold as much of a charge as the OEM battery either. I wouldn't get a day's use out of the phone with the counterfeit battery, on the OEM battery I get over 2 days.* What appears to be an OEM wall charger* RIM support CD* None of the usual product documentation or manuals* No headset or other accessoriesKnowing all this, it really is a pretty competitive price for this handset, better than most of the other cell vendors online, even with the added cost of buying a legitimate battery.I'd recommend the handset for purchase, but use caution, and be prepared to exchange it a few times. I give 3 stars for the inaccurate listing, package conditions and a dangerous counterfeit battery.Update: I purchased a third figuring I knew what to expect. The third one:* Came in a different box from the last 2* Came with a charger that was already opened* Came with a leather pouch the other two didn't come with* Had a Motorola-branded USB cable with it* Was an unbranded BlackBerry but appeared to have a T-mobile phone numbers sticker on the screen* Still came with a used counterfeit battery* Had goop on the inside and the display looks like it's been serviced (improperly)* Was running an AT&T-branded; OS (which means the AT&T; logo bezel was probably removed and replaced during service)* TrackBall doesn't work* There was a picture on it of the cell phone warehouse where these phones were modified. (!)

I waited until this phone was offered by Amazon directly because a year ago I purchased a BB Pearl from another vendor through Amazon and it did not last a year, failing from day one.  This time, I thought Amazon would be a more trustworthy source it was quite disappointing.  I got a phone in it's own box but firs thing that stroke me, a 1 year warranty card from Consumer Certified Repairs... this phone is supposed to be new!!!  I got a refurbished phone!!  Next disappointment, a cheap battery, not the original Blackberry battery.  It holds a charge for about 8 hours.  I had to but another one, which was another nightmare because Amazon sells many as "the same that comes with Blackberry phones" and the picture is of an original battery at $15.  Now I don't trust Amazon so I did not purchase any of these but had to shell out another $50 for a Seidio.  Another thing, I believe this phone should've included a protective "leather" case which comes with every BB and I did not get it.  Now my last and greatest grievance and it goes in another paragraph...I was not able to get this phone on a Blackberry plan!!  At the phone company they told me that the series this phone belongs to is not in the Blackberry database so it cannot be set up in the BB plan!  I did not get any specifics, not sure what that means and not even sure if it is banned for any reason or what.  Anyways, this is the last time I buy a cell phone from Amazon. The phone works very well so my review is not a total "Sucks", but it reflects my dissatisfaction with Amazon.

Cel is good. But no betery. Descharged two hours. I have to buy other batery. But cel is good funtion.

I got this to see if I could replace my pantech reveal which I love for texting. I never got to find out because it wouldn't charge

When I bought this phone, I was very excited. After first seeing what it can do, I put it on charge. When I wanted to use it after it being fully charged, it was dead, and won't go on. Even after buying a new battery it still didn't want to work. I wont buy anything from the supplier again!

because I was so exiting with the phone. I luv it. I enjoy it.good phone great job.lm loving it Thks.

I bought this ph around 2 months ago... let me tell you this: It's a shame that amazon is selling refurbished phones under the "NEW" phones category, they are giving false expectations to customers. This is simply the worst ph i ever had! it came at&t branded, the track ball was damaged, it never worked as it was supposed to. The battery was literally stock to the ph (i had use tools to remove it) they promised earphones that never arrived. All my ideas and thoughts about buying phones at amazon just vanished. The latest issue happened a week ago when suddenly the device turned off, its red light from the top started blinking and it never turn on again, now i have a useless device that works for nothing. If you are reading this please think twice, well, more than twice or even better, don't even think on buying this type of phones over amazon. I used to think that people who wroted feedbacks on this section were angry people who just wanted to create a bad reputation on amazon but now, after taking the time, i see that i'm not the only customer with this issue. For your own benefit: it's better to spend more money than taking "advantage" (feel my sarcasm plz) of online prices at this website

I do not have AT&T,but, since the phone is unlocked, I was told I will be able to use this phone.  I have very spotty service, often times, no service at all.  Not happy at all.

I live in Costa Rica and I tried to set it up, but it seems that the IMEI was already taken or in use. ?!?!?!!

I got new phone but battery is in worst condition. Battery got discharged with in 4 hours from the time i charged.Lots of scratches found in battery & charger.. So i need to buy a new battery which cost me around $40. Other than battery everything is looks great...

The seller was amazon, the item is used. Do not buy it! Probably they have only old ones and are selling as new. I am returning it for refund.P.S. I found 3 photos taken on November 8, and I bough it as new in December. Shame on Amazon.

no deberian estafar a la gente de esa manera, el pin no funciona en mi pais CARACAS VENEZUELA, paso en manos de muchos tecnicos especializados y nadie me dio respuesta o me lo arreglo pesimo pesimo NO COMPREN ESTE TELEFONO NO FUNCIONA EL PIN, Y DICEN EN LA DESCRIPCION QUE SON NUEVOS, Y NO ES CIERTO TENIAN OLVO Y HASTA TELA DE ARA&Ntilde;A Y PATAS Y LA CARCASA RAYADA SON UNOS ESTAFADORES Y NO PUEDO DEVOLVER EL EQUIPO DEBIDO A QUE ESTOY MUY LEJOS NO LO RECOMIENDO A MIS PAISANOS VENEZOLANOS NOOO LO COMPRENNN

This is a great handset given the keyboard size and the usual efficiency with BB products if you need email constantly. But the trackball gets stuck within one month of use. It is a known issue that RIM downplays and has manageed to get away with. Note the quick migration to a track pad model. RIM should be sued on a class action basis for defect in design and punished in the marketplace with loss of market share. Any mobile phone, given they are solid state devices, should last serveral years. I hope the CEO of RIM has his trackball stuck and cannnot make a 911 call (robbery of he or his family in progress) or respond to a corporate order or telco carrier order to punish him for the lies and deception on the design defect.

The cell phone I ordered was supposed to be brand new. The one I received from the seller Amazon doesn't look like new, it has some scratch and dust inside and on the battery and also didn't come with head phones.I am too far away outside US to return the product.I am disappointed because I chose the seller Amazon and I was expecting a brand new phone.

Its a good phone,but a power hog, I had the 8310 Curve, I upgraded, do not see much value, the 3G doesn't work half the time, the WiFi, if enabled, drains the battery even more , so I disabled the WiFI, Overall its Ok, but they need to improve battery life by 4X,Good Resolution,good 8GB slot to use, better Music Interface,Have used the Video Flash, as my flash lite at times

This cellphone never worked. It had some battery issues that were never solved. When I contacted the seller he never take responsability for the item. In few words: DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!

very bad experience with buying this phone!I disguta the product was offered as new, and not buy it as such and I was eviado used equipment that only lasted four weeks in use, since the instrument housing plate looked new but had no production values&#8203;&#8203;, is had that call records, text messages in the mailbox and out and cajaa was with the seals opened, it tells me that the computer was in use beyond ..now the computer is not available until today I could not fix anything, he as lost phone ..Absolutely not recommend anyone to buy this product time ....very disappointed by the deception of what I get ...thank you very muchThe phone I bought as new and used sent me

The phone is working well. But the Battery in BB 9000 did not work longer than 15 hours in standby regime! Produkt was sold by BB-123, person : Sul!

I really was excited about this phone until l got it and realized, 1. its not new.  2. the phone software had been tampered with and not functioning well.  I am only kept the phone because i was really in need of one then.  Overall i am just disappointed.

Dear Srs.AmazonFrom: Ysbeltery Sayagoin Venezuela.Good afternoon, I bought on Amazon recently, the store SellPhoneStop a Blackberry 9000 in new condition and to review problems such as: Flash is damaged, the battery is depleted in less than a day normal use and the ball wheel fails.Due to live in Venezuela, decided to send a repair under my cost and in the workshop when it will be in my presence told me that this phone was very worn and repaired before.This situation has me very disappointed and cheated, because I made a purchase by a new article and now I can return it for lack of money.What should I do for future purchases and not fool me. The phone was taken by me in MiamiThank you for your attention.

The phone came with wrong battery charger. I had to buy the correct charger from local accessory shops. I was quite disappointed.

compcompre 2 celulares y solamente me llego uno solo a venezuela , a quien le reclamo ahorare 2 celulares y solamente me llego uno solo a venezuela , a quien le reclamo ahora

From box, accessories and the phone itself, it is easy to tell that it is not original blackberry. Maybe fake, maybe refurbished and not by the producer. I'm very disappointed and want to return. You know what? to return it cost 20% of the fee and plus shipping cost! It is a huge mistake to buy this trash!

The only good thing about this order is that, it got delivered to me at the exact date i was to expect it.However, i travelled the same day to Africa for a project(which was  why i wanted an unlocked phone)but by the time i got to my destination, i tried charging the phone but it never charged not to even to talk off coming on.Till this very moment its not working and my money is gone.

The Cell I only lasted 2 weeks and then burn the card alone without anyone put his hand, put it to load and then when I look at 2 h and was paid and refused to turn over

2 months ago buy a computer I'm from Venezuela this person team came out super bad I can not return porq is a problem too on the keyboard fails these kinds of people should not sell are the worst team to sell as new and are actually repaired and poorly repaired and if they seem little bringing the loader does not work is the worst one day we will return everything wrong to cheat and defraud people

When I received this phone it was not unlocked.  The packing said it was unlocked but no other sim card would work but an AT&T sim card.  I had to pay another company $25 to unlock it.

despues de 10 meses de uso el telefono empezo a apagarse hasta que dejo de funcionar tuve que desecharlo y comprarme otro

I bought this because it was exactly what i was looking for. I've used this phone for over 2 years now and I still have it

The phone didnt even last 8 months, it would switch off on its own. And after a couple of months of erratic behaviour it completely died.

When my wife received the UPS package which i sent her as a gift,she told me that the black berry was not found in the package and only accessory was found! it's nearly drive me mad!i try to contact with Amazon to see if there is any chance to return the cargo via email. Amazon reply to me without any doubt that i can directly send them back by UPS and they would refund me!That would be out of mind in china!But it does work in US especially on Amazon.Thanks for the help from Amzon and i really trust the service of Amazon which is 100% worry free!

I switched back to Blackberry from Nokia Lumia. Even though Blackberry struggles, for people who've used it, nothing compares. I hope they stay in business or else I will have to find an alternative, which I am not excited about. I was very impressed with the seller on Amazon.com and the experience has been great as always with all purchases on Amazon.com

One thing I must say is, I am quite impressed at the delivery, barely 3 days after purchase. However, the keypad is so stiff and difficult to use and the letters keep repeating themselves or wont type at all.I have contacted the dealer, and they asked me to send it back to them, but who is going to pay for the return shipping? and what phone would I use while its gone? so i find myself stuck with a phone with not so good a keypad

BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, gps navigation, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Black)I've received this phone with a non blackberry branded battery! A fake one that do not work for more than 20 hours on stand by! That is not possible!The phone is fine but with this battery it doesn't look like a mobile phone because I need to keep it charging every time.I would like to receive a new battery as soon as possible, but now I am in another address.Please contact me to solve this issue...

RECIENTEMENTE REALICE UNA COMPRA POR AMAZON DE ESTE TELEFONO CON TODAS LAS CARACTERISTICAS Y ESPECIFICACIONES TECNICAS QUE SE DESCRIBEN EN LA PUBLICIDAD DE VENTA CON LAS CONDICI&Oacute;N DE NUEVO, NO REPARADO NI REPOTENCIADO O USADO Y RESULTO UNA DECEPPCI&Oacute;N AL RECIBIRLO, PRIMERAMENTE LLEGO SIN CARGADOR, LUEGO CUANDO PUDE PROBARLO NO TENIA LA CAMARA Y LA BATERIA NO ERA ORIGINAL Y ESTABA DA&Ntilde;ADA, ME PARECE QUE ESTO DEBE SER MEJORADO POR LOS VENDEDORES Y NO DEBER&Iacute;A PASAR.ACTUALMENTE ESTOY CANALIZANDO LA DEVOLUCI&Oacute;N PARA QUE ME ENVIEN UNO CON LAS CARACTERISTICA QUE DESCRIBE LA PUBLICIDAD SIEMPRE Y CUANDO ME CONTESTEN LOS DISTRIBUIDORES YA QUE HASTA LOS MOMENTOS NO ME HAN RESPODIDO. RECOMIENDO REVISAR BIEN LA MERCANCIA TANTO EL DISTRIBUIDOR COMO LOS COMPRADORES.SALUDOS

Excelente experiencia al comprar a traves de este medio y la tienda cumplio con lo ofertado en un 100% el envio llego oportuno y el empaquetado del producto excelente, los recomiendo ampliamente, volvere a adquirir sus productos. Saludos desde Venezuela.

I chose this equipment because he was saying that it was new, of knowing that it was refurbished he had bought other one, for a price mas low or for this price one mas newly as the Torch, in the same condition of refurbished, but I chose this one for being NEW, that it does not have guarantee at least it was new, but it it is not. The cable of communication is not original, the TrackBall fails and the software I it had to go down Internet, because it was bad engraved and it does not serve.

It's work good but the internal memory is not enough it's impossible to have on it more than 3 application, view on this side even the iphone 3gs is much better. I'm having some difficulties with the back cover. I am a bit disappointed to have this problem from a brand new phone, it's look like a refurbished phone.

Not even a week after I bought I already had to change the battery. Not a good experience with, turning off by itself from time to time.

I bought the phone for gifting. After few days they replied me of problems in the phone. Battery was loose causing the phone switch on and off. Phone software was corrupt.

the phone came in perfect conditions!! but then a discover thats not unlocked! if is not by this i would rate it perfect score!

nice phone it`s early to speak about quality of phone yet but first opinion  is good. I`ll write review in one year and tell u about it

I bought this unlocked Bold 9000 for travel purposes. The first time it arrived, it wasn't as described. The description plainly said "New and Unlocked", but it wasn't new:1. It had AT&T; symbol at the bottom, that proved it was used as an AT&T; phone and unlocked manually.2. Big bubbles on the screen sticky plastic.3. Scratches around the battery slot.I called Amazon, to explain to them that it wasn't new, and I was disappointed since it was SOLD BY AMAZON. I expect the phone to look just like the picture advertised, new, without any scratches, and no AT&T; symbol on it. A week later I received a replacement, and it was NEW......yay....!!!If you buy this phone, make sure you buy it from a trusted seller, like AMAZON.I'm so happy and have been playing around with it, still trying to figure out how everything works.

The phone is fine except for three details. Thebattery cover is broken, the battery is verytight, small cap removable memory did not come.

I bought this phone without a contract and it remained without a contract since then. Not the best blackberry products, but it has decent specsps- the screen is quite small for most multimedia applications.

It has been 2 months since I got the phone. First it was not unlocked,the loudspeaker stopped working,the alarm is very low and cannot be turned up and now the ball stopped scrolling. Now I know why there was no warranty, because you knew what you were giving me. I feel cheated and robbed.

purchased this phone that was supposed to be NEW. What i got from the oem planet was a REFURBISHED phone cleary used with voice and data usage on it, battery was a fake and charger was used. No cable was included.

WEBTREO son unos estafadores los telefonos son RECONSTRUIDOS no compres NADA CON ELLOS VAS A PERDER TU DINERO!!!WEBTREO = SWINDLERS THIEVES (DONT BUY ANYTHING WITH THEM)

I purchased my Blackberry Bold 9000 (locked from AT&T;) about a year and a half ago, and I've spent much that time learning its features, appreciating its power, and accepting its limitations.I'll try to keep this review simple.PROS:* Excellent VGA display* Terrific stereo sound -- best I've ever heard on a cellphone* Decent keyboard* The Bold series (9000, 9700, etc.) are the very best Blackberrys to date.  Great OS.* Good enough web browser -- once you get used to it.* Wi-Fi performs well.  Less hassle than some other phones.* Fast camera shutter.  Unless your phone is clocking (see below), there is never a lag for photos.* Faux leather back is kinda cool.CONS:* Heavy.  Technology has advanced in the past couple of years, making this phone heavier than necessary.* Expensive.  Seriously, why pay this much for a phone that will be obsolete soon?* Bluetooth is a disappointment.  I want more than stereo headset and hands-free; I want to transfer files.* Phone locks up very often -- at least 3x per day!  It will start clocking for no reason, and sometimes requires a battery pull.  There is no good reason anyone should tolerate this.* As with owning any Blackberry, you are subject to the availability of the Blackberry network.  An outage in Canada will prevent you from using your e-mail in New Mexico.MY RECOMMENDATION:  I bought my phone a year and a half ago, and I'm generally happy with it.  But these days, there are other compelling options.  If you have to own a Blackberry (such as for work), this is your best bet.  However if you are free to purchase something else, consider one of the many exciting Android phones out there.Because, realistically, I don't think Blackberry will be around for more than another couple of years.

sencillo el tel&eacute;fono. de gran utilidad, aunque sabemos que deber&iacute;an mejorar algunas funciones, pero es muy &uacute;til.Simple the telephone. Of great usefulness, though we know that they should improve some functions, but it is very useful.

I ordered this phone in December 2010. The first did not work properly, there media was terrible and the charging sucked plus it was not new but an AT&T Worldphone. Then I had it replaced by Amazon LLC. Still I received an AT&T worldphone, not brand new as I had assumed. But since I was traveling for an assignment abroad, I took it. less than a year, in July 2011, this phone stopped working. I noticed it was switching off. Thought it was the battery...but it completely failed. My previous BB Pearl was so much better. I used i until the trackball fell out. It worked till it was an old lady, but still so beautiful. Thank you for ripping me off Amazon LLC

The BlackBerry Bold 9000 unlocked phone is a great phone. Email is very easy to send. I give 5 stars to this product.

I got a phone in which the battery case was broken and I was not able to even charge it. I returned it the next day. Before buying, I did go through all the customer reviews for this product and I ordered it even though the reviews were not good. Going forward, I will never buy cell phone from amazon if the reviews are not good.

Is a good phone and work very good, is all that I want, the keyboard is very easy and soft.

Very good phone, especially for such a low price. The only thing I do not like is the camera, it is weak for a phone of this class. I advise everyone to buy.

I bougth a NEW Blackberry Bold 9000This product beings to present failures after two or three working hours.The Blackberry turns off by itself.Aditional:1) The battery wich came with the unit IS NOT a Blackberry Original Battery.2) The Vynil Pocket Case IS NOT coming with the phone.3) The ARE NOT waranty seals over the screw;All of those situations make me think that the product IS NOT a "new product".. And you don't specificate that it was a used or refubrished product.

I waited too long to buy my blackberry phone but it was a phone Recivier with damaged battery, besides having a damage he called "The Hour Glass of Doom" for that reason I ask the provider to get in touch rvargas-10@hotmail.com my e-mail to see how to fix the problem because my computer does not vary reconose the phone when I connect USB.in short is my first purchase from Amazon and the product you buy does not turn red flashing light Many times for that reason I am very angry to buy back as many times I've bought from other online vendors and have had no problems.

This phone worked only for a month, the battery does not charge, so I changed the battery but the problem persists. I want my money back.

Battery Faulty, it would not charge .. had to purchase a new battery, as I reside in South Africa..Very disappointed..

:)

The phone was a defective phone.After I charged the battery and made a phone call the phone died and never worked again. I am very dissatisfied.

Muy bien es este producto.... El envio un poco lento... Muy manejable amigable este telefono. Me gusto mucho este telefono

I am truly disappointed not even by the phone but by the seller. The phone was supposed to be new, and it was not. They are not helpful at all. I asked for the right chargers since I received the wrong ones, and I still didnt receive them. Plus the battery does not even last after 15 minutes of communication. I want to return the phone, and I have to pay once again for the shipping which is inadmissible.I DO NOT recommend that seller.

Not recommended!I received the Phone without the MicroSD Slot according to the offer description of the product. I claimed for It and They didn't send It. The option to get the compensation is return the Phone, but I already payed taxes for the product and I must to pay for the delivery. Who is going to carry with those expenses? I think is unfair and irresponsible promise something and not accomplish later.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001F7VN6M/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title

EL PRODUCTO (BLACKBERRY BOLD 9000) NO ME LLEGO NUNCA, NO SE SI EL VENDEDOR ENVI&Oacute; EL PRODUCTO EL HECHO FUE QUE NUNCA ME LLEGO Y PERD&Iacute; MI DINERO POR CULPA DE UN MAL VENDEDOR. NO LO RECOMIENDO.CARLOS RODRIGUEZ, MATURIN EDO MONAGAS, VENEZUELA.

I have had blackberries for years and love them.  I purchased the Bold about seven months ago and within two months, various parts of the phone started to go - first it was the internal microphone so you couldn't use headphones, then the external went - no ability to hear the phone ring or any tones whatsoever, and no speakerphone, no ability to play music, etc.  The phone spontaneously restarts and drops calls multiple times a day - I just get a "call failed" message in the middle of a call.  Lately, it also fails to make outbound calls on a regular basis - again, get a "call failed" message and I have to reboot the phone.  I know its not my service - I live in the same place as when I had my old blackberry and NEVER had these issues.It seems like others haven't had this experience so maybe I just got a "lemon" of a phone.  I'm going to have to suck it up and buy a new phone (not a Bold) soon since its so bad - if my work email wasn't tied to Blackberry I would consider migrating off Blackberry due to the poor experience this time around!

Cons: Phone was advertised as used-very good but...1. Took over a week for a phone to ship from Florida to NY2. Screen has an visible internal ink spill3. Scroll button is loose and makes an abnormal clicking noiseObviously the phone was used. No problem. But the condition was not as advertised whoah!

I love this phone!!! It shipped extra fast(the estimate was from may 23 to the 31but it came on the 20th)Also thee phone was in perfect condition and just as the review said!!!!!

When I bought the phone thru Amazon.com, it had the notice was a brand new phone.The box had the seal broken...Problems began when the keyboard started to repeat the letters.I took the product to a specialized dealer in order to repair it, there where missing bolts inside it, it shows signs of salad water all inside it.Once it was cleaned, the screen did not work any more.I had to pay for a brand new screen and the main problem did not improved so much.Now I have new problems as discharge of the batery during a morning, among others.

EL TELEFONO SOLO ME DURO UN MES DE USO, LLEGO CON UNA FALLA QUE HA CADA RATO SE REINICIA SOLO, PERO VARIAS VECES EN EL DIA, TANTO ASI QUE AHORA NO ME PRENDE, DE VERDAD MUY DESCONTENTO CON TODO. COMO HAGO PARA CAMBIARLO? GRACIAS

I ordered a Blackberry bold 9000 from Amazon and was very pleased to receive the product the very next day.  However on assembling the product I realized that the telephone had a very low ring volume even though i tried to select the loudest ring tone and set it at "loud active".  I took it to a technician and it was revealed that the speaker on the phone was faulty and i would have to replace the speaker at a cost of 40.00 US dollars.  I was a bit upset as I reside out of the Us and it would have been very inconvenient for me to return the telephone. I was quite unaware of any where on the website where i could have made a formal complaint and then this invitation came asking me to make a review.  A bit of advise for Amazon:  please check your products if possible before they are sold so that customers would be satisfied.

BUENAS NOCHES. POR ESTA VIA DESEO MANIFESTAR MI INCONFORMIDAD CON EL PRODUCTO COMPRADO. LA ORDEN COLOCADA ERA PARA UN CELULAR NUEVO Y EL RECIBIDO PRESENTA DETALLES DE QUE FUE USADO.REALMENTE NO ESTOY CONFORME. LAMENTABLEMENTE LO REVICE DESPUES DE VIAJAR A OTRO PAIS. DE LO CONTRARIO LO REGRESARIA. COMPRA CALIFICADA COMO NEGATIVA

When I placed the order thought that I buy a new telephone! I received a used AT&T phone with AT&T logo on it. The only truth about this phone is that it is open for other sim cards. The phone came in an open and not original box! I wish I could returen it and receive my money back. Amazon should remove this seller from its site. It gives bad name to Amazon.

Unable to close this product after opening to install the battery. The phone is defective so i had to return it.

buen equipo llego a tiempo tal como lo dice el anuncio se ve como nuevo y funcional equipo se ve nuevo sin problemas

I have been a Blackberry fan for the past 5 years. I'm literally a Blackberry addict.We have a family company that deals with clients and contractors on a daily basis.The Bold is perfect for handling emails, conference calls, texts, and the bluetooth feature is really easy to use. I'm constantly on the road checking the progress of construction sites and dealing with real estate agents when they see a potential investment they immediately picture text me the house text me the location.I love how sharp the the Bold looks. The back has simulated leather texture design and its really sleek. Plus it's not super tiny where my thumbs accidentally hit the wrong key when I'm typing emails.The wi-fi makes the internet faster than 3G and the camera is 2MP so it's really high quality.The Bold is a great deal with any carrier and perfect for everyday use.

two weeks ago to buy a phone for Venezuela, it brought me the phone ALL problems. also are of very poor quality and useless technology 3G nor EDGE technology, buy with confidence the world and I set the reputation and saw it was good, but I realized when I got the phones that are useless , comprising one or the other and serves the keyboard, I hope you can read this and not buy more product.

Este equipo no levanta pin en Venezuela, lo he provado con diferentes sin card y tiene problemas. Movistar me indica que es problemas con el proveedor que debe gestionar la liberacion con Rim o el pago del servicio. Deseo que el vendedor me de una soluci&oacute;n a esta problematica.

When I received phone, everything seemed to work okay, this was a replacement from previously purchased phone that had faulty speakers.  Soon after, I noticed some of the icons just seemed to disappear, but still I did not complain.  The Wi-Fi worked for the first month, but does not work now, keeps telling me I am not connected, even when I check the home Wi-Fi, works fine with other devices.  I tried to install the CD that came with it, unfortunately that did not work because I have vista operating system, and the CD is not compatible with it. CD is dated 2004, maybe that's why.  The GPS does nothing but say there's a GPS, but no way of executing it.  The zoom button on the camera has now stopped functioning, mind you I've only had the phone for 2 months.  I do not believe these are NEW phones, only returns and refurbished and sold as new.  I paid the extra money to get those extra features, and sorry to say it was a waste, I did not end up with those extra features anyway.  I am really disappointed in Amazon in regards to this cell phone.  I have purchased previous items from them, and have had no problems.  Maybe they should get out of the cell phone business.  Best of luck if you decide to purchase after reading everyone's reviews.

what i ask for in a blackberry am enjoying all the apps,game internet ,utube all in jus one click.thank u

EL TELEFONO VINO EN BUEN ESTADO, SOLO CON UN PROBLEMITA EN LA TAPA, ESO PIENSO QUE ES UN PROBLEMA DE ELLOS, TENGO ,UN CU&Ntilde;ADO QUE TIENE UNO Y LA TAPA SE LE MUEVE UN POQUITO. POR LO DEMAS VINO BIEN DE TODO, EL FLASH PERFECTO, LA CAMARA, YO MISMO LEACTUALICE EL SOFTWARE Y TIENE LA VERSION 5.0 (PAQUETE 1385)ES LIBERADO POR AT&T;,LO UTILICE UN TIEMPO EN MOVILNET Y AHORA LO TENGO EN MOVISTAR, LES RECOMIENDO PROBAR LAS DIFERENTES OPERADORAS, YA QUE SI UNO COMPRA UN TELEFONO 3G HAY QUE APROVECHAR TODAS LAS FUNCIONALIDADES, EN CUANTO AL SERVICIO QUE PRESTAN LAS DIEFERENTES TIENDAS EN AMAZON DEBERIAN TENER MAS CUIDADO EN EL CONTROL DE CALIDAD ANTES DE DESPACHAR SUS PRODUCTOS. SALUDOS A TODOS LOS USUARIOS DE HABLA HISPANA DE LA COMUNIDAD, ASI COMO YO LES AGRADECERIA PONER SUS COMENTARIOS SOBRE PRODUCTOS QUE COMPREN YA QUE ESTO NOS SIRVE DE GUIA A LA HORA DE COMPRAR, CUALQUIER COMENTARIO O RESE&Ntilde;A O ANECDOTA FAVOR ESCRIMIRME AL CORREO, YA QUE TAMBIEN COMPRO SIEMPRE POR AQUI Y DEBERIAMOS SABER CUALES SON LAS TIENDAS EN ESTE PORTAL QUE NOS ESTAFAN.SALUDOS Y SIEMPRE A LA ORDEN, MI CORREO: joaquinrg25@gmail.com

good choiceThe reason you buy it, is to have a 3G phone, and it was big enough the keys to dial each other by mistake unchecked. Its performance is good I recommend it.Sure the iphone is much better;-)

i have own 2 of this phones, my first one was stolen, and i went for the second one without even thinking about it, it has a great resolution, sound, and the bb pin software is really easy to use and fast, this is the best bb out there...

The phone came to me as it was offered, it works perfectly, I consider it a serious and responsible, recommend, give them five stars.

it came with no cameras . I did not sent it back because it was sent to Haiti and when it got there, they told me that and it was to late to do the transfer from over there to here and so that's my only problem whit guys and was a lesson for me to check every thing I buy before send it to my country anyway thanks

Its refurbished, when i opened the back iof the phone, it has a lot of dust, the batery is damaged... I lost this money :/

Me siento enga&ntilde;ado en la compra de este producto, compre este telefono pensando que era nuevo, cuando le doy a ctrl alt H veo que el telefono ya habia tenido uso, realmente me siento enga&ntilde;ado por Amazon, ya que cuando compre el telefono, no se&ntilde;alaba  que era reconstruido.Por otra parte ya estoy sintiendo el resultado de esta compra, cuando quiero cambiar los perfiles de sonido, tengo que reiniciar el equipo, por que no emite sonido de llamada, solo vibra. (NO TIENE GARANTIA), Saludos Carlos C

Was waiting to use this phone for a long time. Finally bought it and I have no regrets till now.

excelente vendedor recomendado a la comunidad de amazon todo me  llego  bien califique  tarde  pero  me  llego todo  bien  a venezuela desde estados unidosgracias muy buen  negocio=)

I received a Blackberry clearly used, and made the claim in this way.After that, I was contacted by the supplier and promised to return the money giving me a credit on Amazon. Not fulfilled their promise! although I have tried to contact them via email several times.Thanks

The phone is OK. However, two serious problems: 11) the reception of the phone signal is bad and 2) the phone consumes the battery extremly fast, specially when the signal is poor.

The blackberry i took to my hometown does not work properly. The trackball is not okay, sometimes it turns off by its own and the back of the phone (battery cover) is loose. In one word, deception.

i ordered a phone from you. nothing was said about no warranty. i got the phone today and the battery won't fit but i have a card that says not to return it to you. my old phone works better than the one i received from you and i want to return it and get my money back.

The Black Berry was received with a detail in the display and the Battery doesn't works.

Estimado Srs.AmazonDear Srs.AmazonFrom: RAMON MOTADE: Venezuela.Good morning, I bought the 08/28/2010 Amazon.llc A NEW Blackberry 9000 and when I check, presented problems such as the flash is damaged, scratched screen and battery is not original. After a week stopped working completely. not work at all.Because I live in Venezuela, I can not return to you.This situation has me very disappointed and cheated, because I made a purchase by a new article. I need to refund my money because I've been deceived.Thank you for your attention.BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, and MicroSD Slot - International Version with No Warranty (Black) (Purchased on (08/28/2010)De: RAMON MOTADE: Venezuela.Buenas dias, he comprado en Amazon.llc el  08/28/2010, un Blackberry 9000 NUEVO y cuando lo revise, presentaba problemas tales como: el flash est&aacute; da&ntilde;ada, la pantalla rayada y bater&iacute;a no es original. al cabo de una semana dejo de funcionar completamente. no funciona para nada.Debido a que vivo en Venezuela, no puedo hacer la devoluci&oacute;n a ustedes.Esta situaci&oacute;n me tiene muy decepcionado y enga&ntilde;ado, porque hice una compra por un nuevo art&iacute;culo. necesito que me reintegren mi dinero porque he sido enga&ntilde;ado.Gracias por su atenci&oacute;n.BlackBerry Bold 9000 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Black) (Purchased on (08/28/2010)

Even though it is an older version of the blackberry still does the job for an affordable phone and able to connect to Wi-Fi every where you go

I bought blackberry bold 9000 when I was n USA. I called many tmes someone who worked n Amazon. I had been told this phone was excellent. I came to my country with this phone. after using 2 mounths, suddenly the screen disappeared. then it has been formating itself. ''right now there is no way to fix this phone'' I have been told. I will believe that when  came back to USA, amazon will take care of this problem. if it doesnt take care of it, I will never buy anything from amazon.

Features are nice.  Speedy interface, reasonable browsing, fast typing.  Some external apps are available, but tend to make the Bold unstable.  If you see problems, remove the last application you installed.The main problem is the phone device itself.  It just breaks all the time.  3x in less than a year, and each time RIM takes it for two weeks..I'm nearing the end of my warranty and battling them to get it fixed now before the warranty runs out.I will not buy another Blackberry I'm afraid.

This is my third Blackberry phone (employer chose it). It is a total piece of rubbish. No wonder this company is going bankrupt. Nothing works on it. I'm constantly pulling the battery to reset the thing when it screws up, which is often. Then I wait 10 min for it to reboot. Rubbish - ALL BLACKBERRY PRODUCTS ARE RUBBISH. ZERO STARS.

i got a broken batery, it doesn't work. the screen has a pale spot, it looks like the surface is sticked to the inner scree

at first you charge the phone is wierd as i saw it the red light,lights up an it kept coming on and off all of a sudden the phone was charge and it comes on so charge with no doubt,it is super phone and many features great it do not come with a sim card at back but found h20wireless or h20wireless.com that they work with blackberry bold saying can buy a sim card at best buy 2 get there service a data plan or consumer cellular a free sim card with there service if the blackberry is unlocked its needing a sim card ready 2 go which this phone is unlocked there are many data plans these 2 i had a choice to subscribed,the features for this phone are great i found the manual for this phone online on how to use the key board and features on blackberry smartphone manuals this i got used and its like new i have alreay id enough investigation on my new phone its great and redy 2 switch it to a service planif considering a phone this is a great device i must admit i am very pleased.

OmG! Now I Understand Why So Many Horrible Reviews & Comments!...I'm A Frequent Customer Of Amazon & Never Have I Been Disappointed Until Today!...In Addition To That I Purchased This Blackberry & Paid For A Refurbished Phone...What Did I Receive? A FAULTY USED PHONE, That DOES NOT WORK @ All!!...It"s Not The Correct Charger OR Battery!...To Make Things Worst, The "Refurbished" Phone is Identical To A "USED" Phone...The Screen And Housing Is Damaged and Beat Up! I Honestly Can Not Believe This Disaster!!!....I Want A FULL Refund & Cant Even Get Acces To The Seller's Profile To Contact Them...Furthermore I Get My Shipment Through The Company I Work For ALL The Way In The Bahamas, So How Could I Even Reach This Seller To Return This Garbage!

This was a fairly beat up phone that worked well and had tons of features, I bought this 2 or 3 years ago and now its sitting in a drawer but the seller was very helpful in answering my questions and the phone was great for the money

I am very disappointed with the purchase of my phone, when you place to make his first load, I did not turn, I could not even enjoy a day .... are teletefonos sold as used and new

no sirve, a la semana de uso el tel&eacute;fono no sirvi&oacute; , lo tengo ah&iacute; porque no sirve.  de inicio funciono perfecto y luego dejo de funcionar

producto de mala calida los venden como nuevo y son reparados compre 3 uno me llego con la pantalla mala que no prendia los otros dos uno al segundo dia se da&ntilde;o el teclado y el ultimo no carga la bater&iacute;a me siento estafado por que compre un producto nuevo y me mandaron equipos reparados de mala calidad perdida total de estos 3 blackberry  mala invercion como amazon permite la ventas de este tipo de producto no se lo recomiendo a nadie quien responde por mi inversion nadiepoor food product they sell as new and are repaired buy March 1 with the screen I get bad it would not start the other two each second day will damage the keyboard and not charge the battery last I feel cheated by buying a new product that and sent me shoddy equipment repaired total loss of these 3 blackberry amazon bad invercion and allows sales of such product will not recommend it to anyone who is responsible for my investment no

I love my Black berry_ I plan to always use a Black berry of some type for mobile use. The Black berry Bold 9000 is just perfect for me

DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO  DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO  DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO  DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO DEFECTUOSO ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  ,  ,  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

I love this phone it has many functions with very good software, it is fast whit a great design, also the bb messenger is an advantage with this models, everything is good in this phone I recomend it!!!

I got this phone and it said new but it looked like it has been fixed. when I got the phone it was working fine until it came to charge it the battery wasn't holding a charge. so I had to buy a battery for it. the only reason I got this phone is because of the blackberry playbook. this phone isn't a good buy at all... your nonstop throwing money into it !!  I would suggest a different phone...

The company should not be selling items to people claiming them to be new when they are not, this is very dishonest to loyal customers.

it says that it will work with tmobile and it wont, it doesnt text and it doesnt have app world or the internet on it, tmobile cant do anything about it because its some issues with the phone company the phone came from, you cant do anything but answer the phone and make calls, i could have spent less money on a home phone

plainly put, the bold is the best smartphone on the market. I disagree totally with the other reviewer who states its a power hog.....besides its VERY easy to change the battery (unlike the impossible battery changing iphone). Qwerty keys will always be faster to type than touch phones (which are a gimmick) the resolution on the bold os incredible as is the picture (the video is FUSED to the inside of the glass, the result is spectacular)email setup and apps are always superior on rim blackberries as they have the best 3rd party apps on the planetI use at&t; on their 3g data plan, also I have wifi enabled all the time. My phone is unlocked......and can use any GSM networkin short, this is the best piece of hardware ive bought in years

this is a great phone but as to this date the display blanked out and won't come back on as im in the caribbean a return is not an option so your product suck

exelente producto funciona a la perfeccion en venezuela apesar de la la mala cobertura el sistema blacberry funciona a la perfeccion

This was purchased as a specific request for a relative. She needed a Blackberry under a certain amount of money and the Bold 9000 was the only thing other than the older Curve and Tour models available.It's difficult to leave a practical review for a phone released in 2008. It feels its age, really dated. We've come strides and I own a Nexus 4. That being said, I will try to be as objective as possible.Personally, I truly believe that she would have been wholly better off with a cheap Android or Windows phone vs. this device. It is pretty much stuck as it is. There is no update possible. 4.6 is the last OS version unless "modding" is involved (by that I mean there's no official update). The phone has ~45MB of free space, but at least there's an SD Card.It works well and it is "quick", so to speak. I haven't really seen any lagging so far and calls are crisp and clear. It has a 2MP camera and is 3G capable. It is a quad band phone so it works with most GSM carriers.This is focussed at the seller.One thing that I didn't like is that the phone is advertised by BLUTEKUSA as new but is reconditioned. I've owned cell phones for 15+ years and by now can definitely tell between a brand new unboxing vs. opening up something that is refurbished. Also, and this is the kicker - I've opened up brand new bold 9000s before, as well as other BB devices. There's even a scuff mark on the battery and side of the phone. It didn't come with a manual or those booklets you always throw out because they're useless anyway, earphones, usb cable, etc. I got the phone, battery and charger cable - that's it. I'm considering returning it because I could just buy a phone advertised as refurbished for 1/2 the price from other vendors on Amazon. It's pretty dishonest. Amazon needs to change their policies in terms of how vendors advertise items as new vs. refurbished.Update: BLUTEKUSA contacted me asking me to remove my 3 star feedback (not this review) that I gave them to which I politely declined. It wasn't even negative, per se. I just put the facts. As I said in my response to them, sometimes you only get one chance to make a customer happy. This is one of those cases, there is no opportunity for a do-over. I was to send the phone to a relative abroad through a visiting family member. I had no chance to even source an alternative or replacement elsewhere much less from Blutekusa, so I have to stand by my feedback and I will now remove 1 star from my review here because the last thing you should do as a store is ask a customer to remove negative feedback.
