
The pros:-Great camera definition and autofocus feature is nice to have-Great screen resolution-Easy to use keypad, even for my gargantuan thumbs-Decent call clarityThe cons:-After about a month the phone will shut off randomly and restart itself (happened on three different devices and at the worst point was restarting at least eight times a day)-One phone had an issue of not receiving calls when connected to a wifi network-Large shortage of apps-Phone was discontinued after only a year in production-Internet browsing is painfully slow when not connected to a wireless network.After several bouts with T-Mobile they finally agreed to send me a free replacement of any different model that I wanted. I went with the Curve 9300 instead (here http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003TZGYKI?ie=UTF8&tag;=ctraltcre-20 ), which came preloaded with OS5 (the 8900 is still on OS4 unless a new patch has been released) and I have had no problems since.

Unbeatable, honest and loyal seller like no one in Amazon! I had an extremelly rewarding experience with them and surely I will do business with them again in the futureGuillermo Comach

No problem up untilIt works perfectly fineMy mom loves it so muchIt's easy for her and my son

this phone turned out to be nothing but a disposal phone. I bought it to use in the Philippines. It froze up and the flashlight would not go off.

Excellent productExcellent serviceIt was really what I expected, arrived on time, works great ...For the time being no errors ...

I bought the bb curve unlocked. Since buying it almost three months ago, the phone has given me nothing but problems. It turns off. It locks on its own, it says it cant read the SIM. Wtf? If it was a refurbished unlocked phone (which is always second hand crap) why not just be honest and say it?? Dnt buy this from the seller "Deal Grabber", they're more like Money Grabbers. Go to any other seller and before purchasing, ask if it is unlocked on GSM and if the phone is refurbished. Never again. Would give it a -star if I could.

I bought this Item as new. The seller is a lier . It is USED from telefonica movistar. And when I try to register it on my mobile provider they said that the algorithm is wrong. So I couldn't register it as new unblocked.Don't buy to this seller . NEVER do it.

Hello, i write because the product buyed seems refurbished, This blackberry isnt news, the keyboard has sunk key and the headset seems stuck. I dont recommend this company. Bye. I have no certainty that the phone is brand newBye. Jorge

Headphone jack with dust, the battery compartment is dirty, SD card at a lot of scratches, obviously refurbished mobile phone, on the Amazon too disappointed.

Repowered complete is a team, the load is connected pin to connect the charger restarts on its own, the battery fully used, I can not return it because I am foreign and difficult for me to make the delivery. if I return my computer completely out is a crap and came up with the decency to completely change the battery case and do not recommend buying one of this provider.

Bought this item directly through Amazon. Item is advertised as new, with no warranty.SURPRISE! Turns out phone worked for 3 months...not what was advertised as far as it being brand new. Apparently refurbished.In 3 words: Find another seller...

This product it was bought in october-november last year, and it worked by luck, at the beggining the battery start getting really hot, and the it fixed itself by miracle, also that the earphones were AIWA not blackberry as they always are, plus the charger didnt work......... whatever, choose carefully your seller.

The Blackberry 8900 is definitely a very good looking phone!I am using it in Costa Rica and it works just fine.The only issue I have is that, when I tried to change the tones (call, messages, etc.)it went mute! Very strange, but it happened to me twice. What did I do? Turn off the phone, remove the battery for a couple of seconds, then put it back in place, turn on the phone again and voil&aacute;!!Phone works fine!Francisco C&eacute;spedesAlajuela, Costa Rica

I made the leap into the smartphone world, coming off an old flip-LG phone that I *loved*.  I wasn't sure I'd even really like the BlackBerry, as it's a bar phone and I always chose flip models, but I love it.  Sure, the Javelin doesn't have 3G, but for most things, the EDGE network is perfectly fast and 3G isn't so much faster that I miss it for web browsing.Call Quality - in all honesty, I don't call much on the phone, but it gets plenty loud and I can usually hear calls just fine.  It doesn't drop calls unless my service sputters (ATT), but overall I have no complaints.Keypad - On this, I'm much pickier.  I love the QWERTY keyboard on this model.  My work phone is a BlackBerry World Edition 8830, whose keys are much more similar to the Bold and Tour.  I don't like those keypads as much.  There was, of course, a slight learning curve on the Javelin in typing time, but now typing is a breeze.  I type an awful lot on Gchat, via SMS, and via BlackBerry messenger, and I have no problem with the keys.  They're great, they're separated, and I don't often make a mistake on them.Trackball - I cannot praise this trackball enough.  RIM finally did away with the old recessed trackballs and created one that feels smooth and effortless.  I love it.Media player - I didn't actually expect to use this, but I lost my mp3 player.  I popped in an 8 gb microSDHC card (didn't have to remove the battery - nice feature), loaded up some music, and popped in earbuds.  Music doesn't sound so phenomenal that audiophiles would be happy with it, but to me it sounded perfectly acceptable.  Videos and pictures look spectacular on the display, and there's a playlist option for music.  All in all, pretty impressive for a phone meant for email.Display - Gorgeous.  Absolutely flawless.  Pictures look amazing, it's a pleasure to look at the screen.Connectivity - Again, no 3G on this device.  Unless you need to use data while talking on the phone, you won't miss it.Speaker - LOUD.  Not awesome sounding, but better than most mp3 players' built in speakers.Reasons why it gets 4 starts instead of 5 - MicroUSB, why?  Why remove the miniUSB that SO much of my other electronics have?  I hope I don't lose the charger . . . It can be a little laggy occasionally.  It's tough to find good accessories for this particular model.  It was $150 with a contract, why no accessories?  It should be much easier to find a good skin and screen protectors.All in all, the device is fantastic.  It's smaller than the Bold and the Tour, the screen is outrageously good, and it's a pleasure to type on.  I'd highly recommend it.

product arrived in great condition, i wish i would have known that it wasnt 3g capable before i ordered it though but that is my fault for not doing enough research. very pleased :)

The phone stopped working, you can not longer hear the people who call. It only worked properly for a couple of weeks.

It's a good phone but not a wonderful device. The only thing is that is cheap and normal blackberry. That's all.

1. The charger was not working, anyways, the seller sent me another charger.2. The battery of phone was so weak, that I had to charge it every 5 hours.3. When I opened the handset to insert the SIM Card, the inside part was rusted.4. In total, I Hated this product and finally dumped it off.

I purchased this item to compare it with my Motorola Q.The GPS system is well worth the cost along with theclarity of the pictures and screen. This cellphone ismore than a smart phone making it among the top sellingphones on the market.

it  was  just  on  time!!!!! very goood!!!!!  the product is  great, I love  the  javelin. I LOVE MY BLACKBERRY....IM A CRACKBERRY!

device useless, and I buy as new enviarion renovated old battery is discharged in one day and loaded in less than an hour, has no leg to surf the Internet signal,always on GPRS, pathetic, others slow, partially released, outdated software, indignantly, cheated. not like the attitude. What you sow in the market as a seller that reap.

The phone looked good, like new, but not working."OJO" El telefono lucia bien, como nuevo pero no funcionaba.

EstimatesI received this computer on my country on 28 April to replace the battery open and I realized that wine never caught swollen my computer because it does not work beteria a new computer for which I pay to buy another battery which is my country $ 25 I am very upset because this was a gift for my wife ... request to settle it somehow maybe a discount on my next purchase as I please give a reply indicates urgent or e-mail that I can make the relevant claimFederico Zuniga

excellent product. made the purchase based on the specifications laid out in the notice. I am very happy with the product purchased

I need the tracking number of this buyed, because i didnt received this item yet

The BB 8900 (sold by PUT Group USA)came with a faulty battery, phone did not recognize it, so I had to get a new one. No CD or instructions in the box. When I finally turned it on there was a date already being set, and on screen appeared T MOBILE update information. This makes me believe that this phone is either used or refurbished (same thing!)Also there is a big R printed on the box.And no warranty...

i need to return this phone am sick and tried of it i keep making my self believe it will be fine ut it isnt,i can recieve emails,my google talk,yahoo none of those things is working,the phone need to go,plz send me the information how i can send it back.

Arrived in perfect condition and sooner than expected! Works great!!! My cousin is so happy :) Thanks for your service. Highly recommended.

I am really happy, works excellent everything in this phone are ok, and my sister is happy with this item.

Hi, are pending to buy these phones from Amazon a week ago I got two of these phones and they are supposed to buy directly from Amazon when uncovering new and the box was rebuilt, plus did not the leather case, headset or the CD .. and the back of the phone is all dirty ... so are pending because Amazon is scamming people.Vivo en Venezuela.

This is my first Blackberry, before that I was using Sony Ericsson smart-phones for several years in a row. Circumstances forced me to change from Sony-Ericsson to Blackberry and I do not regret the change. The size and weight are great, and the keyboard is even easier to type on than what I thought. The design is stylish, and the screen resolution is pretty good. I'm also amazed with the amount of apps available for Blackberry. I had no problems connecting to wifi, and I haven't had any major issues at all after a bit more than a year of usage. I'm a bit disappointed with the battery life, but I run IM+ on my Blackberry, so I guess that's probably linked. Overall I'm happy with my Blackberry.

VERY MINDFUL OF THE SELLER.IT IS VERY RESPONSIBLE AND INCOMING. I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH PURCHASE MU.BUY PHONES FOR THE 2 VENEZUELA AND I HAVE WORKED HERE TO PERFECTION AND WITH MOVISTAR MOVILNET.I RECOMMEND IT 100%

I bought it from Manka.The seller claimed that the phone is new and unlocked.while after I opened the box and had a look at the phone,it was very old, there are lots of dust deposited in the jack and the keyboard. there are also many scratches in the back together with the T-Mobile logo between camera len and flash. The batterry is also old. other accesories that come with the device (Home charger, USB data cable) are not original since no blackberry logo printed on.I am so disappointed and I hate the seller. Shame on u!!!!!!.I will never buy stuffs from sellers in the amazon

I bought this phone because the description said it was new, and definitely was not, is a reassembly unit, did not include original accessories, and user manual. I don't returned it because I am in Venezuela and would cost more the shipping that the phone

I Bought this item directly from Amazon LLC (Blackberry Curve 8900 Javelin) and not from third party seller. I asked to Amazon customer service if this item is new or refurbished, original or generic before buy it and the answer was that Amazon not sell refurbished items.For my big suprise, when I open the box and turn on the device I watch the operator logo of TELEFONICA MOVISTAR and the device is branded (printed) with operator logo TELFONICA MOVISTAR which appear between camera len and flash. Beyond that the accesories that come with the device (Home charger, USB data cable) are not original because there's not blackberry logo printed on. And more... some accesories are missing like carrying pouch and stereo headset.How this is possible? Can you explain to me?At this moment I'm really disappointed and angry at the same time.So, everyone be careful about buying unlocked cell phones by amazon!!!Regards

arrived way fast. opened it up and it was like, clean, shiny, it's a killer product. Even had a couple extras in the box. Really. effn. nice.

I love these phones and this one is my third as the other two were accidentally damaged by water. This one was disappointing though because although I took extra car of it, the battery was not holding up a few months after purchase and then the speaker in the earpiece gave unpleasant feedback during a call.

Phone has poor reception and can not get it to make wireless calls on internet Support is not helpful.Thanks John  After the phone would not work at home I put it back in the box it came in other phone went out The battery ran down after charging the batt overnight the phone will not come on

First of, this phone was described as new and it is not. It is used and jacked up!!!what a shame!

Good Phone, for chat on social networks, but sorry I prefer Nokia because are more quality Phones.

Good afternoon, I manfestar buy the phone that came damaged, your system does not work when you enter the Chipp begins to fail no signal or does the keyboard. A rest time as you did buy a new product and sent me a Repowered.

I bought it, and brought it to Venezuela.Brand new.... and works perfectly with MOVISTAR.I sincerely recommend it.

* (This review is for the Unlocked Javelin) *I will try to give a review that will help you decide if the phone will work for you, maybe you can relate from my experience or needs. First of all ask yourself what other options you currently have on the Blackberry market. Bold has a pricey tag and its not that great, the Storm has received so many negative reviews that is hard to think of a reason why to get it, and now, the Javelin.I've been using a Blackberry Pearl for over a year now, and even though I found the user interface a bit confusing, I enjoyed the fact of having so much connectivity in such a small package. I'm not an enterprise user, just a guy who wanted to have Blackberry messenger available to chat with my friends worldwide, facebook, msn, etc. Some of my frustrations with the Pearl were software speed, lack of internal memory (by now you know that adding external memory doesn't help at all, for all major apps are installed in the BB's main memory) and the built in web browser.I've had the Javelin for two weeks now, and I'm absolutely pleased. I'm not going to go into details of how it looks, chances are that if you are reading this is because you think is a nice looking phone, and you'd be right. This processor makes the phone perform really fast, most apps run smoothly. User interface is improved, although I still believe that in could be much more user friendly. The 3.2 MP camera is actually pretty decent, not the best, but just right. All this plus the fact that it has a bright and crisp screen compared to other smartphones out there.I'm not going to say anything about the lack of 3G, if you buy this phone you should know that, and there is no reason to give it a negative review because of it. I've been reading issues about the speaker, but personally I've had no problems with that nor reception.Heres a major flaw though... Let's face it; if you use your Blackberry as much as I do, you probably know that the battery doesn't last an entire day. Especially when you're hooked on on IM. One of the nice features I loved on my Pearl was the fact that the Usb charger was very popular, so even if I lost my wall charger I could always find a Motorola charger to plug it in to, buy one for 3 bucks, or just grab any of the supplied USB cables from an external hard disk, PS3 controller, mp3 player, etc, and just recharge it using my computer. So battery life was never really an issue for me. RIM has introduced a new plug that killed that convenience. It might not look like a big deal, but now I realize how important it is for me. It doesn't change the fact that is a great phone though.Bottom line, if you're making the switch ask yourself if you are in desperate need of 3G network. If so, don't even bother getting this one. If not, you will find yourself pleased with a blackberry that look so over the edge, and with great performance. I would strongly suggest buying a car charger and an extra wall or PC charger. Does it deserve 5 stars? No. Its not just about the phone, it's the software itself, and I know RIM can do so much better and add more features, better looking menus, address book, calendar, etc. Why is the iPhone so successful? Its cool and its easy to use. The blackberry market is changing, and there is a growing market of conventional users wanting a cool phone with great features, all supported by the Blackberry Platform.

Good day,I know it's a little late, but I must point out that since I received the team had trouble with the screen, since it is consistently off.I must emphasize that the shipment was completed n the specified time.

Hi, I buy this cellphones 2 years ago and it haven't present anyproblem at all, it's really good and it arrived on time. I recommend a hundred percent this seller or supplier.Bye

Blackberry is the best miss this phone still have it just not using it, but the biggest problem i had was the track ball. Yea sucks i had to say something bad about this phone i did everything with it. Email was great on it , videos, pictures, music, typed up work for school and loaded it up to microsoft word even use powerpoint, google maps, yahoo messager, wasn't big on blackberry messager the dual led flash can be used as a flash light it really really bright flipped burgers at night in the dark with the light. haha loved the phone just wish i waited for the touch version not the trackball.

el funcionamiento es perfecto sin ning&uacute;n problema., buen producto. recomendable. sin problemas de funcionamiento hasta la fecha. el env&iacute;o seguro y r&aacute;pido. felicitaciones

BUENAS ME DIRIJO A USTEDES CON EL FIN DE QUE ME EN BIEN LA FACTURA DEL BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Desbloqueado tel&eacute;fono con c&aacute;mara de 3.2 MP, GPS QUE ME LA ESTA PIDIENDO LIBERTY EXPRESS PARA PROCEDER CON EL ENVIO ENVIAMELA AMI CORREO  R_DURAN_86@HOTMAIL.COM SE LOS AGRADESCO

Employee of orange discount call me, I accepts 50 dollars of compensation for the secondhand telephone that they me sent. Now the equipment does not turn on, this one died and does not have repair.I have lost time and money. Badly I negotiate. I need to solve this business.

The product was good. It was shipped in time and works as expected. Blackberry say unlocked, but initially displays T-Mobile, its okay. This works with any carrier.

I purchased this phone a couple of days ago and am going to keep it.  I was using a Blackberry Curve 8320 prior to my purchase of the 8900.  First impressions:  1) gorgeous screen; it is the reason I made the switch from the 8320; web pages load up without a glitch; 2) the keys are closer together and not as comfortable or easy to use as the keys on the 8320; they are not bad, though, and I've easily gotten used to them; 3) the 'pocket' case that came with the phone is too small; I know that the Blackberry cases tend to fit snug upon first use, but this case is incredibly tight; I have to use so much pressure to push it in and pull it out that I fear I will break the Blackberry.

This phone came with a dead battery and i had to incur additional money to purchase a new battery.  Also the latest version of BBM is not installed on the phone.

Este vendedor no sirve, dice vender un producto nuevo y el producto me llego usado, con una caja que no es del Blackberry. Todo sucio por dentro. No lo recomiendo para nada.

ES UN PRODUCTO MUY BUENO SE LOS RECOMIENDO.TODO SALIO PERFECTO ..., YA TENGO MAS DE 6MESES I Y FUNCIONA CORRECTAMENTE

I am really upset, frustated, the camera doesn't work, i bougth becase said is new, but is refurbished, the worst part is i am live in Venezuela, my mon was on vacation in orlando and she brougth me the phone, i can't return.... Amazon i trust in you, first time that happens, you are thieves

HOLA, BUENAS TARDESDISCULPE LA MOLESTIA YA QUE ES NECESARIO QUE PARA RECIBIR MI PRODUCTO ENVI&Eacute; LA FACTURA PARA QUE LLEGUE A SU DESTINO,POR QUE ESTA RETENIDO EN LA DIRECCI&Oacute;N CORRESPONDIENTE DE MIAMI PARA QUE PUEDA SER ENTREGADA A EL PAIS DE DESTINO...GRACIAS POR SU COLABORACI&Oacute;N ESPERO UN PRONTA AYUDA

What is there to say about it, it is A Blackberry....Happy with it. Just crappy provider for Cell service. At&t; SucksBeen happy with blackberry, I had bought this when when I dropped my old one.Fast Shipping. Very Happy with it...

BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--US Version with No Warranty (Black)I bought this bb phone some days ago and I pay for a new one. The seller send me a phone used and the screen is broken and microSD Slot was not send. It was my first purchase from amazon...

i thought i would never find a better phone than the bold but this is by far much better, its smaller, faster, the camera is great, its a must have for bb lovers...

OK.the only bad thing about this phone is the WiFi, for WLAN. The signal fail very often.This is one of the best selling phone from Blackberry, nice design simple the best. Nice display very shine color, almost like plasma. The display like regular phone 2.5 inches.The join of the trackball navigation, fit very nice. Even that looks to delicade but are very strong.The best signature of blackberry, is the keyboard they keep this in this model with some littles improvements.For ejecutive or people who like to send many email or edit documents and archives, this is the phone for you.Nice camera with 3.15 megapixel for ocational photos. Maps google, this phoen brings anything.I imaged this FAQWhy you should choose this phone?If you are the people wrote a lot in the for for mms or sms, or editing document during louch or traveling, dont waste your time and buy it now.Thsi is better than iphone?This phone is for diferent needs from iphone. Curve8900 phone is evething anyone wants, nice resolution but the display is smaller from the iphoneStorm or curve?This is the big issue, in aplication curve 8900 is better from storm, but for video or pictures, the best choose is the storm. but remenber the blackberry storm was lauch to deal with the iphone, choose acourding your needs.Curve or treo?To be very clear, i like more the blackberry design, there are some style that i like from Palm like treo 750 and similar. but the new palm's model, is not my taste.Curve or bold?Besides the price, the curve8900 has more aplication.

This phone is something old, but I bought a gift for my grandfather, he had one and he fell and broke him, he told me he wanted one like it or they did not want more phone in your life. of course is happy to see her again Javelin.The phone works fine no defects I find that is in very good condition and complete, Cellular Kingdome recommend good seller

The phone arrived in its original unopened package. Once opened and charged with the SIM card added, the phone's volume controls and volume settings did not function. Hard boot, software updates and all suggested remedies failed to produce a ring-tone on incoming calls. Volume is low as well on either headset, speakerphone or normal talk. A search online and on the Blackberry website has resulted in the following findings: This phone seems to be widely defective for the same reasons. There are hundreds of posts with the same issues and they cannot be remedied. I suggest this product be removed from the market. This phone is of very poor quality. I have a Blackberry 8320 that works very well, but is lacking some features I wanted. The 8900 had the features but it does not deliver. Buy something else instead.

The phone i buy it doesnt really works, sometimes it turns on & off and it supposed to be unlocked, so please you may check the things you're selling THANK YOU

excelente BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone withWe're currently processing your review and we will email you at ajaramil_3@hotmail.com as soon as this is complete 3.2 MP Camera, GPS...

FACILMENTE SE VE A SIMPLE VISTA QUE ESTE TELEFONO ES UNA ESTAFA, YA QUE TE COBRAN POR UNO NUEVO, Y ESTE ES UN TELEFONO USADO Y RECONSTRUIDO, QUE GARANTIA PUEDE TENER UNO, PARA MIS PROXIMAS COMPRAS EN AMAZON ME VOY ASESORAR LEGALMENTE. MAL PRODUCTO , NO LO COMPREN.

I havebought this BBerry but when I got it I was disappointed as the quality of the product wasn't good (was not like an original) and the product didn't work. I have returned to the seller and got the reimbursement. Abt the seller, no problem at all and I recommend them.

This is good to ask me to say that I did purchase two new phones and sent me two phones were used or refurbished so I need an explanation or some way of me and I returned these phones are sent to new and make the new phone purchase and not rebuilt. I await your response and cooperation.EscucharLeer fon&eacute;ticamente

buenas amigos mi opinion el paquete a su destino pero el telefono llego con defecto el telefono se apagaba lo compre como nuevo y era usado el telefono era recontruido ,tenia la tarjeta madre sulfatada no lo devolvi por los gastos de envio y gaste mucho mas me parece que este vendor lucky la verdad no sirve vende como nuevo y es usado el aparto demas los audifono eran usado , y cuando destape el telefono estava oxidado, da&ntilde;ado :

FALSE ADVERTISEMENT: that this phone is new and its not....SCAMMERS: took payments  including shipping and handling for TWO and only send one

This Blackberry is just Amazing.. its like a little laptop that you can use to do whatever you like.. great camera, amazing display resolution!.. nothing to envy from other blackberries!... and works pefectly with movistar in Venezuela!.. flawless!.. and if you are scared to purchased this product since there are so many bad reviews about this cellphone being a scam.. get it etiher from Amazon or mobilecity!.. .. I got it from mobilecity and it was brand new!

Es un equipo excelente, super completo, la camara a pesar de ser de 3.2 Mpx funciona bastante bien, el GPS funciona a la perfeccion asociado con Google Maps, en vista de que Blackberry no ha lanzado mapas para la zona de Latinoamerica.El Telefono viene con una tarjeta de 256 megas, las cuales sirven para almacenar unas 100 fotos, mientras compras una MicrSd de 8 GB :-)La unica contra del equipo lo mencionaria en el consumo de bateria, es una animal para consumir baterias. Activado el GPS, recibiendo correos, y haciendo uso normal del equipo, la bateria dura un dia, no mas, llega a 12 horas de uso, algo corto, deberia durar por lo menos 18 o 20 horas de uso normal.

I was very disappointed in this phone. It did not work with the network I am on so I had to send it back.

I recently acquired this little devil and moved on life from Windows Smartphones. One of my best buys for a long time. Not just because of the access to my Corporate emails but also because of its size, features, weight, functionalities and ease in use.What I liked:- Light weight and ease of use (though you need to get used to it but it does not take too long)- Functionalities- Multipin travel charger (making it easy for world travellers)- Free Apps (like on iPhone) from ebay to the Times to Facebook et al- Ease of menu navigation- Ease of use of QWERTY keypad (though you may need a bit of getting used to it)- Ease of use of trackball (need to use clean fingers - no oily and dirty ones please - I feel this may mess the ball)What I did not:- Graphics and presentations was not as crisp as on a Windows Mobile. I presume they just have been long in the market to have continuosly improved on final product.- Need to buy add on apps if you need good presenation- Lack of Skpe Addin/ App- All Windows Mobile Apps are now useless- Micro USB which seems to be more fragile and rendering all my chargers and cables from Windows Mobile useless.- Graphics for Notes, Tasks, COntacts and Calendar not very sexy.All in all a great product and a great buy

BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with Warranty (Black)

I purchased the Curve as a replacement of my trusty old Moto Razr phone.  I had read one review that talked about finding a hair inside their "new" unit, and a few other negative comments but figured these were isolated problems.When I received the unit, there was some fuzz around a screw inside the back cover when I went to put the battery in.  I was surprised at the strange, minimal documentation that arrived with the phone.  The manual had almost no information in it, and lacked any copyright or publishing info on it - it must have been made in China.  Thankfully, Amazon has a link to the real .pdf manual on the product listing itself, as I later discovered.In any event, it was purchased in November and by late March I had sudden onset of a few problems.  My baseline usage of this unit is pretty minimal: talk less than 200 hours a month, only text 3-4 times in a month, etc.Problems are as follows:1) will not leave sleep mode, as does not register that any keys are being pushed.2) Trackball pressing does not register, although scrolling works3) Sometimes trackball AND scrolling don't work4) Back key and main menu key do not work, and pressing them puts me into Contacts, and then pressing ANY key on the keyboard repeatedly produces the letter "Y" on the screen.5) Random keyboard lock-ups that leave me unable to answer a call, place a call, or text.To fix this I have taken the battery out to reset it (doesn't work) and went to YouTube to learn how to soft-reset (worked once, but when the keyboard locks you cannot perform this fix). At random times I pull the phone out of my pocket and it works again normally, then after a call malfunctions again.So looks like this will be a warranty issue for me.  I'd like to warn others about this phone, others had commented that they thought Amazon's Curve is some kind of chinese Refurb - I have no reason to believe it's not at this point.  Buyer beware, and if you are a business user I'd look elsewhere.

I was very pleased with my purchase of the Blackberry Curve 8900 phone. The phone met all the specifications of the seller and arrived in tact, on time and with all of the advertized accessories. I am a totally satisfied customer!

I turn on the phone and the OS never started after about 30 min (thats a lot even for bb), i installed a new soft ver. the phone started ok and then the screen started to blink after 5 min, i removed the baterry and tested in other 8900, the other phone went crazy, the battery was the main reason of failure, so i buy a new battery and now everything is perfect (i hope).

I bought this phone to replace one just like it. I used this merchant for the sole reason it was fulfilled by Amazon. I have never had this happen to me!  The phone was advertised as NEW. I got the package a day late...the box was shrinked wrapped, (which it doesn't mean anything to me because anyone can own a shrink wrap machine) Box looks new, front of phone looks new, and then to the camera and flash part...NOT NEW! Full of scratches! I am angry, disappointed and feeling taken advantage of. Do NOT trust this merchant. I don't know if AMAZON is aware of this, but I find it hard to believe. Big let down AMAZON!

celular con mal estado de la cubierta... mucho que desear primera compra que me deja inconforme en amazon.com

This phone is awesome, with GPS, 3.2 MP Camera and more i can use in place of the world because it's unlocked!

producto no recibido y vendedor no contesta los correos electronicos, el plazo de entrega vencio, nunca me envio la guia de despacho

Blackberry 8900 OEM Phone purchased from The OEM PlanetBattery was completely dead and used, cable was not in original bag,  phone came with data and voice usage on it. clearly refurbished with non-original accessories.

I ordered this so called "new" phone. But I got a refurbished phone! I found the other people's photos and videos in this phone. I'm so disappointed that I will not trust Amazon and buy anything which costs upward of 200 dollars.

en perfecto estado el equipo muy bueno lo recomiendo pueden comprar con seguridad son personas responsables a la hora de la entrega y el envio sigan haci amigos

I have had pretty much every blackberry ever released.Reasons I LOVE the 8900:-perfect size (I think the bold is too bulky)-excellent screen resolution-WAY faster than other berry's as far as OS performance-WIFI for using UMA (especially internationally! Call back to the US for free!)-GPS. Finally a berry with both in this form factor-media player. I got a 16gb card and ended up selling my ipod nano because it was just collecting dust after I got this phone.-Media Sync. Syncs perfectly with itunes.-Form factor. Looks super sleek and nice.Only thing I don't like is the micro usb. Hard to plug in at times and had to purchase converters for all of my amassed mini usb chargers.

Por favor Solicito factura comercial de la compra p&aacute;rr Poder Procesar La Misma, me la PIDE el buzon de envios, gracias

i love it. it is wonderfull. it work very very good here in venezuela with movilnet.  it is excelllent. i recommend it

Everybory, be very carefull, the phone is USED.  I purchased the phone in august as a Christmas present for my doughter and after openning the box I realized it was USED with new covers, but the inside of the phone is VERY USED.The phone even has some kind of bug that suddendly stops working, the keys won't function and it freezes.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

- Some keys have to put it twice to make it work- The charger of the phone doesn't work- One key of the phone doesn't work

muy agradecido por compra los felicito muchas gracias a sido una experincia inolvidable los felicito y tengan una feliz navidad

BlackBerry Curves 8900 Javelin Unlocked Pho... excellent cellular telephone, of good quality, it has served me enough, the only bad is that the chiming sound low and I don't listen to them on time to assist the calls, also, the music sounds low with the headphones and the displacement wheel is damaged after 6 months of use

ofertan el producto como nuevo y realmente no lo es a ver el teclado me di cuenta que era un reemplazo no quede muy contento con la compra a pesar que el aparato funciona perfectamente pero son equipos reconstruidos

This product prolly lasted two months if so much I immediately had to go purchase a new phone hmmm wow

got this originally for a friend overseas but it called to me ever so seductively from the box! i had many times said that the bb curve original was my all time favorite phone,pda,blackberry, everything. it just made me happy to pick it up in comparison to some of the other phones i have tried. and it was love at first curve byte.i liked the bold when it was released but everything i didnt like was resolved. the curve is just the right size, wifi was quick and clean, its hot, cutting edge, fast, sharp, sophisticated and it will take your PDA woes away.actually i still want blackberry to put the "period" at the very least on the lower case so that you do not have to break stride for a stupid punctuation mark. that is the one thing I have noticed with samsung pdas and maybe other's i am not remembering but they take some of the commonly used punctuations or special keys and make them easier in placement on the qwerty or by creating a new key or at least a lower case location. my only real criticism that is really silly. it doesnt take away an  ounce of my love of this curve.

The phone is cheap built, the back keep falling off. I an really unhappy with the phone. Wow, it could be better.

i prefer this phone compared to the bold.the size is perfect and 3G not so necessary. also, better priced.

THERE'S NOTHING LIKE AN OLD SCHOOL PHONE THAT WORKS BETTER THAN A NEW ONE :) ME AND MY BLACKBERRY STILL FUNCTIONING PERFECTLY FINE 2014:) WOULD SO RECOMMEND:)

THE PRODUCT WAS RECEIVED ON TIME AND BEST OF ALL IT WORKS...CONGRATULATIONS FOR THE GOOD SERVICE AND PRICES...

First I have owned and used a lot of BlackBerrys.  I started with the 7100, and have moved up from there to use the 8700, 8800, 8100, 8300, 8310, 8320, and now my 8900.  I have also used a Storm 1 some as well.The 8900 is an amazing phone.  Its fast and snappy.  I don't have the constant problem of running low on memory I had with my 8320.  The WiFi is great when I am somewhere with weak signal, or best of all on an airplane equipped with WiFi.  I was able to surf, IM, and Tweet the entire flight.  I have never had a flight feel so short.The phone is a nice size to fit in my hand for typing or calling.  The keypad is great and I have no issues typing on it.The only complaint I have in the design is the placement of the charging port.  It is a little inconvenient to hold and charge, but you learn to work around it.I have no complaint about the memory card slot being under the battery.  I don't have a need to change it.By far this is my favorite BlackBerry I have used and would recommend it.  It works perfect for heavy email, texting, and messaging that I do.

Great phone, perfect size, not as big as the BOLD but with same features.Good price too!

There is either a design flaw or a very weak antenna on this phone:If it's lying on the desk and shows 2 to 4 bars respectively (never seen it at five bars, anywhere), within 5 to 10 seconds of picking it up, the bars go down to 1/non/SOS-only.  I'd been puzzled for a couple of weeks on how the call quality deteriorated over a call, till I actually noticed the bars go down while I was texting.  It hit me like a light bulb.  I tried different holding positions and angles, and figured out it happens when the lower half of the phone is covered by my hands.  Which doesn't make sense.I know its not my network, because I've been with the same network for 7 years and used several phones by different companies.  My previous, a Nokia 5300, got signals EASILY at places that this BB struggles with.  Just my experience, I'm not a brand person and would dump any phone of any brand if I didn't like it.So... it doesn't matter how many bells and whistles its got, and if it looks like a cellular version of brangelina.  If it doesn't work as a phone, can't give it more than 3 stars.However, 3 stars BECAUSE of its form factor, looks, and just how good it feels, plus no other major hardware or software concerns.  The battery life is awesome compared to other phones and brands I've used.  I'm finding it extremely hard to give this phone up.  But I might have to, since it doesn't work too well as a phone!

excellent product, no problemsBlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Black)

Excellent product and excellent service from Amazon.I only had i little bit more expeectation with the GPS functionality, i thought i would have a true GPS software.

This is the first time I leave a negative feedback! Because I always happy when purchase something from Amazon.com. I ordered a REFURBISHED Blackberry 8900. Purchased from Masterdeals, received the used phone with loosing keyboard, no orignal box...cable...cd...or...user guide and the battery back cover like the fake one. OLD battery. Seem it was rebuilt from China! Buyer beware. I will never buy the refurbished from this seller again. But, I can not complaint anything about Amazon customer services, that is one of greatest services in the world. Thanks Amazon.com!

Its okay,its a phone i like  but it's funny that as soon as i updated this phone it was problems it doesn't ring, don't play any thing from my media library just pictures i can view

I upgraded from my Sony W580i and I'm very happy I did.  I wanted a qwerty keys because I text more than I talk and this phone was perfect.  The size is just a little larger than my old phone but the screen upgrade was worth it.Wifi access is great, 3.2mp camera, and gps are all nice addons.  G3 and more apps in the app store are needed.Micro usb sucks mini would have been nice so I could have used my old cords but not a deal breaker.  Highly recommend the OEM Blackberry Curve 8900 Desktop Charger (ASY-14396-007) and a microsd card for more room to store music.Great phone!

telefono de maravillas comodo y contento  buen vendedor lo recomiendo para cualquier parte del mundo no se van a repentir muchas gracias.

I love this  BB . it is comfortable easy to use, has a good camera with flash. the only  part of 8900 i  do not like is the ball scroller

Phone doesn't ring at all. When I try previewing the various rings, none of them work. I checked the settings of the various profiles to see if they were set to vibrate but they aren't. I also checked to see if the phone was set to line 2 instead of line 1 and both lines aren't giving any sound at all!

I write porq received two days ago the BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, MicroSD Slot and - U.S. Version with No Warranty (Black), but is damaged and I demand to repay the dollars so urgent please.

BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, gps navigation, Stereo Bluetooth and MicroSD Slot--International Version with Warranty (Black)Ordered this so called "brand new" phone. And got a refurbished phone. And I got it replaced with another refurbished phone. Now am just taking the refund. Wasted so much time behind this. Did not expect this from amazon. Shame on u!!!!!!

The warranty provided by PDA Giant is good only for 90 days from purchase. Of course, it does not say this anywhere in the ordering information or on the warranty card that arrives with the unit. In fact, when I contacted Amazon Customer Service, they could not provide any information re. the warranty whatsoever. I had to dig around for my old box, and it still had the card in it. No matter - it was useless.Of course I have no written proof that the warranty expires in 90 days. Since it is not written down anywhere, they could have told me whatever they liked.My track ball stopped functioning at 3.5 months, and I am out of luck. Thanks Blackberr, Amazon, and PDA Giant for a really bad experience.

Is it supposed to be delivered? I bought it last year and it never arrived... should I expect it to still arrive?

excellent product very good quality, ease of installation when connected to the network, very fast compared to other more expensive and poor quality equipment, recommend it to anyone who wants to buy it.

a mydle celphone

Bought this phone at 17 of May 2012. Today is 18 of July 2012. Phone keyboard doesn't answers to key presses. I have tried all including complete reset but the phone keyboard is completely dead. Now I got why it's NO WARRANTY.The seller is not responsible for goods that he puts in stock.Be careful.

This product isn't for me so I'm not sure exactly how to review the product but I did get the product as described and am happy with the shipping time and the condition of the product. Thank you.

Good Morning. I live in Venezuela, and I buy this phone with many expectations, and I was not disappointed. It is a mini laptop phone, he has all the tools to keep you well informed and connected to the Internet. The emails arrive in real time, has speakerphone, bluetooth, GoogleMaps, and one modest gps. Great expandable memory, keyboard perfect, neither too large nor too small. The resolution of your screen is phenomenal. The 3.2 megapixel camera has autofocus.The only detail, if you use the internet much much like the facebook mobile upload photos, and the messenger, because the battery only lasts 1 day. In no other complaints.Purchase a longer battery life and be happy.It has many applications, I can open PDF files, I think I need only get applications to open compressed files.The size and weight are ideal. If more light would give the feeling of being poor, if not heavier than many believe is outdated and is made with materials global warming.The agenda is amazing, very intuitive.The trackball is strange at first, but 3 days and ends becoming familiar atmosphere.It's the best phone I could buy, and  amazon offers the best price and with free shipping.Here in Venezuela, is the best for the blackberry messenger, we Venezuelans are more accustomed to SMS messages.100% recommended.Greetings

as this seller (WorldWide Distributors) did not answer my email, let me comment on prospective buyers, purchased two phones blackberry and are not new, where you put the battery has scratches and wear plastic, these items seem refurbished, I can not do anything because this cell phones are in the country of Venezuela and return is very expensive for me but I mention my dissatisfaction.... One observation: this article did not buy the seller Blue Electronics, I bought the seller WorldWide Distributors, I see in the invoice.

Hi, I'm from Venezuela and would like to know exactly if the phone is AT & T or Tmobile phones only work here because these companies

I'm 99% sure that this phone is refurbished and they're selling it as new. I just crashed my old 8900 after 2.5 years of hard pounding. The track ball/keypad/backplate are not the original. The alignment of the receivers of the mini USB cable and head phone jack is slightly off, and the interior of the phone, where the mini sd card would be is slightly dirty.The phone did not come with the leather sleeve, miniSD card, or an instruction booklet. It did come with a generic blackberry box, and a charger that I'm afraid to utilize for fear that it will catch fire a "users guide" and a disk of questionable origin.Regardless, I just like the 8900. Hopefully it lasts a while. It gets 2 starts just for turning on. The camera is the best, operating system is familiar, and i know how to use it.My seller was UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS INC.

I bought this phone for some time I was with very little and overnight went out and did not catch on more and did not understand what had happenedI almost died when I realized that the phone had been damaged and that my money will probably not recoverI contacted amazon and actually told me thank God I solved the problemThanks for answering amazon and because I lost all my money

I have one problem, the Qwerty Keypad dont light up in the center at all,i'm thinking maybe this was a refurbished phone, Amazon i'm disappointed the phone condition states new at the time of purchase. Problems like these only occurs when there a manufacturer defect or maybe the seller not telling the truth. I'm totally disappointed.

Telefono en buenas condiciones lo traje a Venezuela y siver perfectamente con las tres operadoras existentes en el Pais. Y se le puede actualizar la version de su firmware sin ningun problema. Pense que era OEM pero viene con logos de T-Mobile. Lo tengo funcionando con un 0416 y funciona perfecto.

I bougth this phone because is supost to be NEW, but first dont bring de Mini SD card, then when you examine the back of the phone more carefully it has diferrent screws 2 black and two siver, and 3 of them was loose, is has a HAIR INSIDE!!! also has pen marks that try to cover with a white label, so i'm very dissapointed because it's the first time that i have this problem with a amazon product

the phone came out damaged, the upper release button does not work, send a notice to my country and those of servicion technician informed me that the phone was not new that the screen had been changed to dismal sales, I hope they serve my comment and take this into account when purchasing

My shock after receiving this product was that it was not 3G compatable.For an unlocked phone which I intend to use while traveling to various countries and being a recent model from Blackberry this is very disappointing.This information was not clear on the Amazon website before purchase.  I would not have purchased this product had I known.

el envi&oacute; en el tiempo pautado, del producto en excelentes condiciones... es mi segundo equipo adquirido por amazon... (sent in the time allotted, the product in excellent condition ... My second computer is acquired by Amazon ...)

The blackberry curve is the worst most malfunctioning phone I have ever come into possession of.  If any of you are considering buying this DON'T waste your money..seriously the phone is less than a year old and last night all the buttons except the scroll ball stopped working.  There is no water damage and it really hasn't been dropped...it stopped working out of nowhere. Also there are many times when I can hear someone clear as day but they literally can't hear me at all...it doesn't break up or cut out...they just stop being able to hear me unless I hit the buttons to let them know I'm still there and I'll call them back. Do yourselves a favor...get an Iphone, Android or if you have T-mobile, get a T-mobile dash, At least with a Dash if there's a problem you can hack into it and fix it.

I had a bad feeling about this phone because the reviews. Now I have it and is an excellent product, nice size and shape, good performance and a Great Price.  When i recieved my phone all was different. Thank Amazon.

EL PRODUCTO RECIBIDO SE ENCUENTRA EN UN 95% NUEVO. BUEN VENDEDOR, EL DESPACHO FUE RAPIDOBlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--US Version with No Warranty (Black)

poor phone. is little functional has many manufacturing defects. ability of poor software slow response. not  pleased with this purchase

Good phone...this was my first blackberry, and it was a good first experience.  Excellent functionality, features, etc...Issues--I have had issues with it freezing up multiple times and burning batteries within 6 months.  T-Mobile kept sending me replacements to try to fix the issue.  Finally someone at RIM suggested I change the SIM card, and problem solved.Will not be my last BB.

I used this BlackBerry for a year before my contract expired with AT&T.; I have since upgraded to an iPhone 4 and this BlackBerry seems like a dinosaur compared to it!The phone itself does perform well in regards to phone calls and text messaging, but that's about it.Web browsing and email are good, but not amazing. Email delivery was delayed and not exactly what I expected from a device that people said was the best for email on the go. This phone is not 3G capable which is not good at all. Web browsing via WIFI is a bit better, but the Blackberry browser is a bit cumbersome and slow. In addition, it does not support flash. If I wanted to do something simple like watch a you tube video, it made me download the video first, then watch it. WHY?! I have yet to run into anything on a web site that Safari cannot open on the iPhone. I even tried the blot web browser for BlackBerry, and though it was a bit quicker, it still didn't support many web pages.Finally, the applications. They are lacking horribly! BlackBerry is hurting here! The BlackBerry App Store is pretty much a joke. It doesn't have nearly the amount of apps, and more importantly, reliable and working apps that Apple has. The apps that I used (Bolt, Facebook, TSN and iheartradio) were very, very unreliable. At times they would not connect or not even open at all, even with full bars on EDGE or on WIFI.The web experience on the BlackBerry compared to the iPhone is night and day. If you're looking for a smartphone with limited options, good talk and text quality, a joke of a browser and an even bigger joke as far as applications...BlackBerry is for you. For the rest of us paying to use a data plan, there's the iPhone.Good luck BlackBerry, but you have a lot of work to do! Kinda embarrassing for a company that has been in the wireless business years before Apple!Rating: 2/5 stars. It gets the job done, but not any better than a normal QWERTY phone would. Web browsing and lack of applications make this phone a big pass. Smartphone? Not really, unless you enjoy 1998 performance.

Todo en orden recibi el producto estoy muy satisfecho, con la atencion ofrecida muchas gracias!!!!! Cien por ciento recomendados 100%

I got this phone for my son in law and he is happy with the phone.  I would recommend to friends.

Read very carefully, i bought it thinking it was a used blackberry (but still work) instead you get a broken cellphone... again, read description very carefully!

This phone was sent to me direct from China, with the seal broken.  "Do not accept if seal is broken".  Several applications were not installed, and the back cover does not sit properly.  product died after only one week. trash

Poor Product quality. Poor packaging. Some of the batteries are expired and does not work at all.I am completely disappointed and unsatisfied.

I bought this item to take to costa rica and DLN Send me a Refurbished and Used cellphone, amazon and DLN didnt refound me my money or send me the cellphone that i pay for. Right now i fell like somebody stole my money so if you want to buy this to take it international i recomend to buy this in your country and pay more but you can get guatantie wich is something Amazon dont give to people how live in other country.

Todo llego tal cual como fue descrito. Excelente tiempo de entrega. Buen producto y vendedor.All arrived in good conditions. Fast ship and delivery. Good seller. Thanks.

ES DE SABIOS RECTIFICAR EXELENTE EQUIPO UN SOLO DETALLE Y YA FUE SOLVENTADO GRACIAS A DIOS EN UN RESUMEN GENERAL MUY COMPLACIDO CON LAS REPUESTA DADA ESPERO AHORA POR LO PROMETIDO EN LINEAS GENERAL TODO BIEN

THE INTERNATIONAL ADAPTER THAT GOES WITH THE POWER CORD WAS MISSING WHEN I OPENED THE PACKAGE AND THE DISCONNECT KEY WAS DEPRESSED IN TOO MUCH. I ORDERED A NEW PHONE

I have now had a few days to check out the new T-Mobile Blackberry 8900.  I will be comparing my most recent Blackberry, a T-Mobile 8800.Good Points:1.  Nice screen; very good resolution; and good readability. Good for viewing attached documents.2.  Nice industrial design and small form factor.3.  Wifi (but it seems much slower than the Iphone or an old T-Mobile Dash I have around the house).4.  Pretty good camera.  There is considerable shutter lag; but the photos are fair.  Note that I cannot seem to be figure out how to turn off the annoying shutter sound.  I tend to use a camera phone for reminders of a product or article that interested me.  The shutter may be required by law in some locations; but I don't think it's required where I live.5.  Audible works a bit better.  I am an Audible fan. (I also download audio books from Net Library, but they require a protected WMA format, which the 8900 does not support).  I finally can downloads audio books directly to the device.  There are still glitches, such as updating the My Library list, but it improved from essentially "non-functional" to "somewhat usable".6.  UMA--T-Mobile's voip option, worked quite well.  Voice quality was so so (probably device limited) but setup was simple and it seems to work at various wifi sites without use of minutes or special hardware.  I am excited to try this in Japan and on other international trips.7.  3.5 mm headphone jack, started with the original Curve.  Quite good sound though my headphones.Not So Good Points:1.  Mediocre voice quality.  My 8800 had exceptional voice quality.  It was better than my Cisco Voip phone at work.  The voice quality of the internal speaker for the 8900 is not nearly so good.  I found myself continuously re-positioning the phone vis-a-vis my ear to try and hear better.  This is a big problem; and makes me think about returning it rather than suffering through a year of poor voice calls.  I have been with T-Mobile for seven years or so in the Chicago area (from right after Voicestream came to town).  I find their service much better than AT&T; and Verizon and rivaled only by Sprint (this may sound funny, but it is my experience).  Anyway, this  is probably the worst voice quality I have had on any of several Blackberry phones.2.  No 3G.  May not mean so much for routine Blackberry functions, which are highly compressed, but for web browsing or downloads, lack of 3G is a big minus.3.  Annoying change from mini-usb to micro usb for device connections.  I have several devices, such as M3P players and another phone that use mini-usb; now I need to have another cord just for the 8900 and buy some extra chargers and cords for when I travel.  I note that the media-sync was much faster on the 8900 than my 8800.  I don't know if this is because of better software, drivers or the micro usb (versus mini usb).4.  Annoying, audible phone dialing sound.  In normal and other non-silent profiles, there is an annoying and very audible rapid dial sound that everyone around you can hear.  My convoluted work around, found on line, is to use vibrate mode, and then have it ring. This is silly and annoying.  It is representative of the settings limits for this phone that seriously detract from individual usability and customization.5.  The included case is a definite letdown.  It is too small, leaving the top 1/2 inch of the device uncovered.  It is too tight, making the phone tough to extract when answering a call, and there is not a belt clip.6.  Web browser--still bad.  Bookmarks are a pain, locked in to useless T-Mobile sites, and browsing is not so good.  I loaded Opera Mini but it doesn't seem to be well integrated. This may be the side effect of using an Iphone; by comparison the 8900 browser, even tough introduced more than a year after the Iphone, is so poor.7.  Reception seems to be worse than the 8800.  It is difficult to compare exactly, but it seems that reception at home and work is a notch worse than my 8800.  Not as bad as an Iphone, though, on AT&T;.

luego de haber comprado este telefono hacia mi pais venezuela y haber tenido ciertos incovenientes con el telefono,llegue a un acuerdo con el vendedor y se me ha sido reembolsado cierta una minima parte de mi compra

It's a great cellphone, it works perfectly fine. It's very ellegant, just the perfect christmass gift I wanted for my boyfriend. I just really hope he likes it... because I personally love it

First of all, it's not an international version. It says T-Mobile on the phone's both front and back. Second, it does NOT look new. The phone's panel is new but it looks as if it was refurbished -- and not by the manufacturer. And YES, I bought it directly from Amazon.Anyways, I didn't want to sign up for a two-year contract and was going to use it with AT&T;'s prepaid sim card. It did work. However, the phone doesn't have even a quarter of my iPod's functionalities. This phone doesn't support Facebook or Skype -- two things I need most. Almost every app requires data plan and won't work without it, even if you are connected to WiFi. I just don't get this Blackberry thing -- besides your service provider, you have to pay them, too, every month for the rest of your phone's life. WT??And, to be honest, for a phone with screen size twice as small as that of iPhone's, Blackberry Curve 8900 (or any other BB) doesn't have anything to compensate. Considering Blackberry's ~5,000 apps vs. iPhone's 300,000+ apps (most of which do work without data plan), I am getting iPhone, even used one is better than this phone.Do yourself a favour and get an iPhone. After owning an iPod(!), which I use for free texting and calling over WiFi, this phone was such a frustration and total waste of time and money.

me siento estafado con los telefono son repotenciados usados, ahora para comprar en amazon hay q tener cuidado, estan estafando a la gente,,,,,,

The phone sucks & keeps shutting off on me . I'm goin to send it back . Really isn't a good phone

I bought this phone 2 weeks ago and from Time I reaceive it I charged it fullyy next couple hours it died the battery wants changing alreadiii!!!For a new fone that black clock had no right keep coming up ,wen you go into camera the fone is sticking,and the charger port is playing the foolll I'm reallyyyy annoyed at this is what I paid my money for no wonder it has no warranty frigging thieves like you all sellingg refurbished phones for new oness never againnn!!!

phone reboots constantly screen also turns white suddenly pieces moving around in it...no video card included...if uR paying good money this phone is worthless which i did.paid about 389.00 just crap all around...i will definately send this phone back pronto..... so very disappointed as i have had the 8900 CURVE before and never had any of these problems..makes me believe ppl are selling these phones as new phones but they're clearly not or someone calls themselves repairing the phone and reselling it as new..very very very disappointed as i love blackberry...this phone makes blackberry look bad and if i didn't know what the actual phone is like i'd blame blacberry but it's not them it's from what i am seeing the sellers from my review and reviews i have read from others..will be returning this phone and getting the bold from my cell provider like i should have done.. and not to mention some software on this phone is from an outside source not blackberry..perhaps that's why the os is so unstable???..sounds like crackberry to me not blackberry.. SOMEONE needs to quit selling refurbished phones as new. as now i will have to waste my time and patience returning a substandard hunk of JUNK.  not happy about that at all. but learned a good lesson don't buy high quality electronics from unknown sources...i didnt buy from this seller but from another seller at amazon..

excellent product, works perfectly, no one fails and it is again as it says in the publication. I am satisfied with the product and purchasing

I've been using this phone for the last 5 years and almost never had a problem with it. I had to replace the battery once last year, it costs about 5$ and now I came to amazon to buy a new trackball because it is not smooth as it used to be. This phone is very reliable, and I'm keeping it as long as it keeps starting. The only time it caused me trouble was during the time the battery was getting bad, a blank white screen, frozen...

Excelente compra, recib&iacute; el producto sin problemas, ya es mi 3er celular comprado por esta v&iacute;a (BB varios modelos, y hasta el momento no he tenido problema alguno. Recomendado 100%.

T-Mobile is sticking to its guns with this one: consumer phones. While the functionality is certainly there, the look and feel of the 8900 doesn't even come close to that of the Bold. The slightest finger print or stain makes the Curve look like a flimsy, underpowered tool. The keyboard feels cheap, and so do the trackball and other buttons. I switched to an unlocked Motorola A1200 because of T-Mobile's underwhelming phone selection a few years ago, but this time I may very well switch carriers. If you want something more impressive, go with the Blackberry BoldBlackBerry Bold 9000 Phone, Black (AT&T;).

When a firt contacted this seller Mr. Mario aswered me telling me to return the cell phone to be repair and after that his never aswer me. I do not recomend to buy fron this seller, if you look at the feedback has a really bad reputation. Probably the cell phone that you will buy could be mine refurbished.

This a great blackberry phone, i would recommend it to everyone. The camera is awesome. My volume key has been stuck for a month after i got the phone. But in overall a great phone

I received the BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS...It is a good phone.It works.

Best Blackberry ever. Being a Blackberry user for some time now i can say this is the best Blackberry device. Sleek, light and better looking than the rest BB devices. Looking forward for 3g version now."

BB needs to improve technology! the system or software crush several times, but BB messenger is very nice

It's a great product. It works much faster than the pearl version. And this one works with gsm sims in other countries.

Product worked well with GSM sim card. I was pleased with this buy. The only drawback was that I thought it had the touch pad instead of a trackball. Overall, good buy.

nice product if your a fan of blackberry you would luv this one also i would say give it a try

The Blackberry Curve 8900 is true to its reviews. It has the weight of a feather but the functionality of your own little army. The menu key opens a plethora of applications which you can always customize via download, and the manual in pdf form helps you out if you get lost along the way. The Blackberry Desktop Manager allows for easy transference of files, music and pictures between your BBerry and laptop. Overall a great for functionality and of course..it's a great phone LOL !!

todo bien , buen producto, excelente vendedor, entrega rapida, blacberry curve 8900 javelin unlocked phone with camera, gps, stereo bt microsd

compre un combo y el paquete llego incompleto falto el mano libre y proctetores de pantalla.. aunque el telefono llego en buen estado.

BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, gps navigation, Stereo Bluetooth and MicroSD Slot--International Version with WarrantySince December 6th 2010 I have been fighting to get repaired a BB bought via Amazon and neither Amazon nor its service company (PDAGiant) nor BB care to take any customer responsibility.  The BB was defective right out of the box.  It is now over 6 months later and the BB still is broken and the service center does not respond. Do NOT buy BB's through Amazon - after this experience I do not recommend anyone to buy a BB at all as RIM has been as bad in service as Amazon and PDAGiant.

muy molesta, porque el telefono que me llego fue un producto totalmente usado, siendo que yo pedi uno nuevo, este esta usado, reformado, me parece una estafa. atras se ve que los tornillos han sido sacados, osea ha sido abierto de forma interna, y adentro esta sucio. muy mal producto.

l purchsed 2 blackberry curve "8900" phones from this company and 2 months after using the blackberry, They stopped working. Please, never, never buy from this company. l should have gone to AT&T;, Sprint, T-Mobiles but made the biggest mistake in my life by buying from this guys. They sold me a refurbished items as new which is very unfair and dishonest.Don't buy from this company. You do that at your own risk.

I really love this BB model...It has all of the benefits of a Bold (except for the 3G but that doesn't bother me), but in a "female size".It has a tiny size, an excellent performance, a decent battery life, a great look & feel and SO MUCH more...I just love it! :)

I bought my 8900 in February when it first came out and I am so delighted with it.  Never before have I been so happy with a phone because it can do so much.  I used to carry a palm and a cell.... no longer!  The 8900 has everything I need: Internet, instant email, text messages, phone, games, camera, documents, etc, etc, it is wonderful!  Very happy and still excited about it.

Buy 2 phones blackberry 8900:I bought two new 8900 blackberry phones, according to his information were new when I received the phones that are repaired and set aside one of the phone is damaged and end caps were not on the phone model you buy.

I never got my order what the hell?? It was supposed to be here since last week. Damn crooks don't trust these guys.

looks a little rough, but runs ok and doesn't take forever to charge like my previous phones. Also has some old school games.

THIS PRODUCT IS THE BAD QUALITY.THA CAMERA NEVER WORK, THE GPS NEVER WORK. SOMETIMES DOENST WORK THE AUDIO FO THE PHONE.NEVER BUY IN THIS PLACE.

i just love this phone and i love all of it's features. It has almost everything you can imagine and demand from a single phone, i hate touch screens because they are not as advanced as they should be, that is why I chose Curve over the storm. Believe me you will definitely enjoy this phone.  It takes amazing pictures and videos, I had so many phones and non of them had even closer quality camera, even though it's 3.2 MP it goes beyond expectation.Buy it, you won't regret it.

The roller ball was not functional when trying to go to webpage, very frustrating, thank you very much!  Thanks again.

I bought one of this with Amazon.com, LLC and I received a cellular new telephone as being described in the publicity, I put my sim card with the operator of my country, i have to say that was easy to set then can receive and make calls successfully. Till the next special offerRegards

Good morning, buy the equipment into the shop SellPhoneStop; wrote them telling them he had bought the phone was new and they sent me used, the supplier is annoying and I wrote that I had 24 hours to remove my negative comment or I blocked the pin. it is incredible that Amazon is working with people like that, they charged me a new phone and sent a used one and then threaten me when I whine ... please i want a response from the refund.

I bought two phones were like new and I came to be used on keyboards problems and impaired very bad buy. not recommend it.

Blackberry curve 8900 javelin unlocked phone which i purchased is not good and GPS service in the mobile is not working from the day one i purchased. 4/10 is the score

The Device in general is ok but... the Trackball is damaged, accordingly is very annoying use the device... & additionally, came without charger... therefore this was not my best on-line purchase experience

THIS PHONE IS EXCELLENT, IT DOES HAVE EVERYTHING YOU COULD ASK FOR IN A PHONE, AS A MIDDLE TO ADVANCED USER, GPS, WIFI, INTERNET BROWSING, BLACKBERRY NETWORK, YOU CAN USE A WIDE VARIETY OF APPLICATIONS, THE KEYBOARD IS COMFORTABLE, THE ONLY THING THAT I WOULD CHANGE IS THE POINTING DEVICE, THE BALL. CAN BE EASILY DISABLED BY THE DIRT, YOU HAVE TO CLEAN IT TO PREVENT THIS FAILURE, IT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE A PREDICTIVE MAINTENANCE PLAN FOR THIS (ANNOYING). OR YOU COULD BUY THE BLACKBERRY GEMINI OR RELATED MODELS, WITH A TRACKPAD THAT OVERRIDES THE BALL DESEIGN FAILURES.

BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--International Version with No Warranty (Black)Phone arrived on time but its faulty, the alt and a few of the other keys do not work, including the return button so it makes this keypad all but worthless to use. Unfortunately as I am not in the US at the moment it would cost too much to return the item but I'd like a half of the cost of this phone refunded so that I can take it to a shop to attempt to repair it.

Compr&eacute; 2 blackberry javelin y 1 de ellos lleg&oacute; con problemas, no puedo ni recibir ni enviar llamadas, la carcasa le queda floja y hasta est&aacute; un poco rayado, no parece un tel&eacute;fono nuevo, nunca m&aacute;s le comprar&iacute;a a este vendedor y gente como esa da&ntilde;an la reputaci&oacute;n de amazon, no deber&iacute;an permitir vendedores como este. Dej&eacute; de comprar por ebay porque pens&eacute; que amazon era m&aacute;s seguro, ya veo que me equivoqu&eacute;. 0% recomendable. NO COMPREN ESTE PRODUCTO!!!!!!!

the product did not power on and we had to go buy an expensive equivalent at ATT store. defeated the purpose of coming to amazon

Buen Dia...Recibi el equipo en el tiempo establecido sin ningun contratiempo, el blackberry llego en excelentes condiciones totalmente funcional y sin ningun detalle. La compra fue todo un exito. Amazon es 100% responsable y estoy muy sastifecha con la atenci&oacute;n.

I took it to my local service phone provider in order to configure my phone line and they couldnt do anything because no key worked. They told me that cellphone wasnt new and also that it was boosting and was sulfated.I need me my money back. This seller is a scammer.

this phone could'n be used as a blackberry, i mean the PIN doesn't work at all.no body could do anything for this phone; in the phone company tell me that this phone could be reported, and is imposible to use the PIN or APPWORLD

It`s an excellent product, very easy the buy and a fast response by Amazon. I`m so agree for this......

i love it. the blackberry phone is excellent, is very beautifull and good, thanks you. comfortable and modern, good quality

I have spent in shipping more than 140 dollars(Miami-Caracas, Caracas - Hong Kong and Miami).What mas anger gives me is that it was a surprise for my sister, a gift.The first time the telephone was damaged. The seller proposed to change or to return the money to me it, assured me that they send me a new telephone for what i should accept the change.Yesterday receipt the new sending, the screen I come striped and without the protector, and it has a lateral hurt.A surprise and happy moment, I result in an excessive expense bad mas moments! It is an irresponsibility that of this company.New Blackberry Javelin Curve 8900 Unlocked GSM Att and Tmobile Cellphone????

califico con cuatro estrellas por enviarme un telefono nuevo&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; claro pagu&eacute; un impuesto de m&aacute;s de 7 dolares&iexcl;&iexcl; falt&oacute; la factura comercial

the phone has problem with the recession or atena and its has problems and I spock wiht you aboaut the with an other sail you did to me:

This seller is great to buy. I bought a Nintendo BlackBerry Javelin 8900 and everything came right and fast and everything worked great! I recommend this seller with eyes closed, very responsible.My son loved it - use it non-stop! I recommend

I own a 8900 for more than 3yrs with no problem. that's why I decide to purchase this cel for my mother, but this one came bad. track ball and the display. Orange discount told me to send them back the cel. But I haven't heard from them any more. Over a month has pass.

I bought a NEW BB phone WITH WARRANTY (as it says on the bottom of this review, that is a copy of my invoice, I can probe it) and is not working well. I have used it only a few months and fails constantly. The worst thing is that I sent an e-mail to the seller and did not answer me anything! It's been almost a month but apparently they are not interested in solving the problem."BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, gps navigation, Stereo Bluetooth and MicroSD Slot--International Version with Warranty (Black)"Wireless Phone Accessory;$274.00Sold by: andykingshop

Thought about getting the Bold, but I've been with T-Mobile forever and I love their rates and their coverage so I got the 8900 instead and I'm loving it!  I do love the Bold's keyboard better and I do find myself wishing I had some 3G love at times, but that's about it.  I experimented with a G1 for a week but I returned it for many reasons, with one being that T-Mobile's 3G was just not quick enough in my area.  I've got Wi-Fi at work, home, and school so 90% of the time I'm happy with browser speed.You've surely heard about the 8900's beautiful screen, and they're not lying.  It's packing a 480x360 resolution and is definitely the best screen I've ever seen on a phone.  It's like a plasma screen with pictures showing up in HD.  The camera is also sharp, and better than the Bold's, and BlackBerry in general has done a great job of making it possible for their devices to be complete multimedia devices.  I've got a 4GB MicroSD card in here that holds my most necessary songs for when I don't feel like bringing along the iPod.Cons: loose keyboard, sometimes loose trackball, no Pandora support.  In the end, T-Mobile's great coverage and excellent customer support put this device over the top for me.  I renewed my contract for just 1 year because I know in a year 3G support will be a lot better and EDGE is going to be completely obsolete..so that's when I'll pick up a 3G device.  But until then, the 8900 is all I need.UPDATE: Pandora is now available for the 8900...yes!

Purchased this BLACKBERRY model 8900 for my wife. It was supposed to be "NEW". It's not her first Blackberry. On the first day....she was entering her phone contacts...and the track ball stopped functioning. I believe that this phone has been taken apart and possibly refurbished. There is no original seal on the screw tops inside.This is my first defective purchase with AMAZON. Everythings else has been OK.

I love the phone, its light and has good functionality. I really love the trackball. The applications are good enough for a business person (at least to me, being a graduate student). Although the 3G is missing, I never use it hence does not effect me.Research studies shows that radiation from 9700 is way higher than 8900 and may pose a health hazard ([...]). Good that I made this choice!

When i read previous reviews on this product, i was skeptical to purchase the BlackBerry Curve, however i decided to take the chance since i fell in love with this phone. Wow!! contrary to some comments! The phone was new not refurbish, works well! timely delivery!! I love this purchase and would encourage persons to go ahead! Its a great buy!

THE WARRANTY IS ONLY FOR 30 DAYS BECAUSE THESE PHONES ARE DEFECTIVE!!! I BOUGHT AND RETURNED THREE BLACKBERRY 8900'S FROM AMAZON.  I WAS LUCKY BECAUSE THEIR DEFECTS HAPPENED WITHIN 30 DAYS, YOU MAY NOT BE SO LUCKY!  The phone itself is absolutely fantastic, I got addicted to smartphones.  I went to Best Buys and bought a TMobile smartphone for $158 cash.  It came with a 1 year warranty.You can't really get proper sales guidance from the web, even if you look at comments posted by users.



Good phone, better than the 8520.I hope no to have problems whit the trackball so soon, the autofocus of his camera works fine, I think for the price is the best BB.

Very good for a child to learn to useThe price is good for the modelA ho want to buy

el producto no me ha llegado no se nada del envio por favor enviarme el numero de tracking para asi poder saber donde esta el paquete

Excellent telephone, arrived in perfect condition in its package, all the functions described in full operation, a team of good size in terms of quality for the job in the office, at home or traveling.

The phone is powering on but it have many another problems. When I want to call someone from my contacts, phone does not call, it freezes and I need to press power button to go back. Also when someone want to call me, he receive from me &#34;busy&#34;, and I in my phone receive note about missed call. So you understand me, now I cant use this phone like phone. Phone also has small scratch on the side and also on the glass around the camera it has many small damages.The seller doesn't return money if you not in the USA. I at this seller more will be nothing purchase.Wireless Warehouse USA.

Good cell phone!!!!I really wanted to get Blackberry phones and I recently found thatthis cell phone went little bit cheap so I bought it for about $230.Usually costs about 400 or 500 dollars.This is an international version so I add a Japanese keyboard ontomy cell phone and I can use Wi-fi, Bluetooth, and GPS navigation system.Really good cell phone. I give this 5 star.

it's definitely not brand new and original. I the same model but broken, that's why I brought this. since I'm lazy transferring my stuff to a new type of phone, I use it only for voice call anyway.

I'm very happy with the order, the service was so good, i hope can get more products of your company soon. gh

hi good day dear sir/ma'am, i would like you to contact me as soon as possible about this product and one of its accessories/the phone's charger, since i bought this phone the charger isn't working and i would honestly like it if you would replace this item. please respond quickly to this complaint because i am very displeased about this issue

This is the second time that i order this model, excellent product, nice size and shape, good performance and a Great Price.Nice Deal

I want to think bring over of the persons of SELLPHONESTOP, lamentably I did a purchase when persons were, but I him want to warn to any buyer of amazon, that are the worst sellers that I have known here, they are a few swindlers, say to sell new products, but secondhand telephones sent my me in two opportunities, and pay for new telephones! They are irresponsible and unpunctual! They are products are of the worst quality! I have published it here, so already I do not find that to do in order that these people are responsible! And they do not continue defrauding!

The phone I get injured and there was no way to claim for refund of money or change of product for another.

Well, It is a bit hard to me to compare 8900 with other BB, since it is the first one I've got, however I can certainly describe my experience with it, so far:regarding the functionality of the device: I consider it is well thought, and even better built smartphone: everything works the way it is supposed to. I'm happy with its QWERTY keyboard: no touchscreen can replace a sensation to press a button...Hardware: so far so good. everything seems to be just fine: GPS works fine, Camera: I was expecting a bit more... the picture quality isn't very good under low light conditions... but it is acceptable.Software: a lot, from BB Apps World, but mostly useless, in addition, RIM pretends to authorize them "up to USD1500" when you open you BB Apps World account... I think it is unacceptable... hehehehe I remember what happened to Lisa Simpson, when she got her iPod... so I better keep the distance.If you mean to use your BB for business, it has enough, maybe, you will need a pdf reader. the rest depends on your pesonal preferences.BB Messenger: deserves a couple of words. it is good, but has some serious, even fatal issues: it is impossible to block a contact: only remove, so the person will realize, at once if you do so... I think it is unconfortable...Messenger notifies the sender when the message is delivered and read by the user.... so no excuse to no answer... very awful detail. They should think about it...BB Maps: completely useless in my country (Colombia), the solution was the google maps.One thing that really disappointed me, was impossibility to use Skype... really bad trick. I'm going to purchase 3rd part application, in order to fix this (about usd40).Performance: mostly works perfectly. at some moments it may become a bit slow, "thinking about something...", it could take a couple of seconds... nothing serious. (I remember when i had an ETEN smartphone, which I had to restart 2 times a day, in order to be able to use it)... the rest is just fine: no lockups, or any type of glitches...In order to resume all this: I consider that 8900 is a good mid-range BB, equipped with good features (GPS, Bluetooth, 3MP camera with flash), with very few flaws (at least in my case), so I think it was a good choice.

There were no instructions on how get the information needed to connect phone. Have a new smart phone I cant use/

I tried and tried to download files and also to set-up Wi-Fi and e-mail but without success.I also could not get any GPS maps

I purchased this phone on feb 18 of 2011, three months later the screen lost color, the image's quality is too bad, seems like is near to expire, I don't recommend to buy this phone, be carefull. I got this phone from WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTOR. I'm very dissapointed

I have tried many phones with full keyboard / pocket computers / smart phones, including Nokia, iPhone and also tried the Sony Ericsson X10 mini pro (recently) but none of them can beat Blackberry! I don't bring my computer to school because I can write down notes and save them on my phone! The browser is good, the screen is perfect, the camera is good, EVERYTHING is good! The only thing that has ever bothered me has been that there are no smileys on SMS, but other than that this is a 5-star-item! When I talk to people about cellphones or electronics I just recommend BlackBerry at once!The battery could have lasted longer, but if you only use it for SMS and taking pictures or taking calls (like a normal cellphone would be good enough to), the battery lasts a bit long, but when you're on internet, E-mailing, and listening to music +++ the battery can't last forever! But let's face it, a normal cellphone's battery wouldn't even last half the time if they did all that!I am definitely going to continue with Blackberry! It is by far the best smart phone out there!

Blackberry 8900 - Its a fantastic Blackberry smart phone, no doubt about it. Thats why I chose and ordered this one. The bad part is that I bought it from Adorama. They said it is an international version. What I got out of the box was a refurbished blackberry with fake body parts and a handset that showed signs of having been thoroughly used (and its a T-Mobile contract phone that has been unlocked). I own a Blackberry Bold for two years now and know the feel and build quality of a the blackberry brand of handsets very well. I wrote back to Adorama telling them that I had ordered a new handset and not a refurbished one. They responded by telling me that they only opened the box to unlock the handset. Adorama, are you reading this? You think I am a fool to give in to that lame response of yours? I am filing a formal complaint for this one now. Adorama is a cheat, beware!

I received the phone on time but was not configured properly ... I'm not satisfied with the product.I wish the phone was in good condition so we can recommend them .. I sent an email and I learned to reply in time

I got the phone in April and now its having a bunch of different issues. The screen randomly turns off and on when charging and it doesn't charger properly at all. I personally rarely use the phone and yet all these issues came up about a couple months after owning the phone. I will never order from that manufacturer again

Good phone for good moneyIt is not the fastest and best phone but still you can take photos, use the internet ,phone and send messages

i had some delay with the shippment and the seller took a while to response my email. but the seller said that he had some problem with the warehouse but thanks to his action i got the product on time because he put it on express delivery thanks

Good backup phone for the person who needs a secondary for business or a partner. Gets the job done and is reliable.

hasta la presente fecha no he recibio el articulo el mismo viene sin factura fiscalsabria mucho agradecerle el envio de la misma para poder recibir el equipo enviaral correo gracias

My mom wanted this phone, and we ordered it!. To our surprise, it was brand new! The chrome that wraps around the phone is shy and it really makes the phone sparkle and look nice! My mom is using it now, and I really think she likes it! She has a personalized ringtone and sounds for text messages. I think She'll stick with using it for a full year, then she'll probably switch to her Samsung Galaxy Relay.

Buy a blackberry 8900 on Unlocked Cellphone Kings and sold me this blackberry that did not work, sold him the damaged card, they tricked me because if they knew that the cellphone did not work because sent him ..... I spent all my savings to buy a phone that does not work ... And now I have nothing, no money and the cell damage .. Now I have to buy a card mother that costs US$65 ... Trusting him and selling me something useless?????They sell a refurbished cellphones, and a person buys as NewGive me back my money and I'll return your damaged Blackberry 8900Answer me as fast as possible PLEASEThanks You!!

de verdad estoy super satisfecho por los productos que ofrece amazon los recomiendo, prestan un servicio fenomenal anexandole que poseen buenos precios

Realize la compra del producto y al llegar el tlf a venezuela no vino liberado lo compre nuevo y vino reformado sin audifonos sin el cd del sofware del telefono es una decepcion total porque amazon permite q su reputacion sea da&ntilde;ada por tan pesimo vendedor q no cumple con lo q vende por este medio

I really believe it's the best option that you can get in a smart phone, specifically a Blackberry device, with it's price. Off course, it will depend on your personal needings. But I insist, in that price level, it's the best one.

the product is refurbished, no wifi nor BBM up, I really feel cheated, very bad product. can not find solution to this.

Amazon gentlemen, I am Venezuelan August 9th day buy a blackberry cell http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OD2OAQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title first that was sent no bill of sale and purchase by the supplier or PC , the phone was held for 12 days, today September 10 I received the blackberry and to my pleasant surprise the blackberry or is damaged or is completely repowered is aT & T said it would come brand new and does not appear, keypad blackberry does not work for nothing enters the system says configuring software and suddenly it does not work at all the keys or when you receive a call, I need a clear and precise answer because the poor state of the cell phone, because I do first purchase and perform other other blackberry and arrived in perfect condition completely, it seems disrespectful of you who claim to be a serious and responsible and thus receive a phone damaged beyond repair if you have the blackberry because the only thing you do is enter the system and no longer does more anything, please answer is all we thank

Any person that buys this BlackBerry cellular phone its going to be very satisfy with it and every time it uses its going to rate it with a 5/5 star rate.

the product is great, i worried a little cuz it hasn't the manual, but i have no problems with it thank's a lot

It is exactly what I expected and I am greatly enjoying it... sure like everything else there is room for improvement but it is easy to use, works just fine, the size is great, it sounds good, the pictures are fine. If you are looking for a good phone that does what you need this is it... if you want something super fancy then I suggest you get whatever that may be... but this is a good phone especially if you have a professional life style that involves a lot of documents on the go and emails.

Me estafaron jabalina Blackberry Con un, vino Usado rayado y, Quien me Responde Por Esto??? Perdi Mi Dinero??? ups Tengo Que Pagar o envio de Nuevo y de Regreso si me realizan El Cambio ????? Serios se&ntilde;ores sean, Dejen de estafar una venezolanos los.

i gave 4 stars because the battery life is not good. the rest of the cel phone is perfect.

The last rating for the same product was 3 stars but the next day when I went to load the cells is that the charger did not work and probe the ways possible and the cell is loaded with other carriers but not the one I sent

good AfternoonPlease send my tracking number for this shipment, thanks for taking into account my considerationswithout further reference toHe says goodbyeMr. elvist gil

It was used! I bought this phone for my mom. She opened it as a Christmas gift and it was used! everything feels loose and the camera glass is scratched. I can definitely tell it's not new. The shipment was okay, but that doesn't compensate the fact that this seller charged me for the purchase of a NEW phone, I paid for a NEW phone and got an USED one!BlackBerry Curve 8900 Javelin Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, GPS Navigation, Stereo Bluetooth, and MicroSD Slot--US Version with No Warranty (Black)

The BB is not working, the screen turns completely to white. Nothing appears on the screen. I tried to fix it removing the battery but it ddidn't work.

HI All.I have used a blackberry for over 10 years now...give or take. I have always been impressed by the devices they have created in the past and the current line of devices. Since I like to be on the bleeding edge of tech, I just had to get a 8900.Most of you know by now what the new feature sets are of blackberries that are out today. The bold, the storm, and now this one The JAVELIN.I wont go into too much detail but I will give you my quick run down.The Javelin is perhaps the thinnest, lightest, small footprint blackberry that I have ever used. It sports a great look and the feel to the hands is awesome. It is after all the curve II. Screen comparison to the bold is that this unit has a higher resolution then the bold but a smaller physical screen. The higher resolution definitely adds some clarity to the screen...but it should be duly noted that the BOLD's screen is also beautiful. Yes I own both.The Javelin is a EDGE/Wi-FI device...it does not have 3G capabilities. Technically you only need 3G if you want to be on the phone and receive/send emails at the same time when using your mobile connections...I personally have never needed that functionality. However, please note that if you are connected to WI-FI you are able to be on a telephone call and receive/send email etc over wi-fi....works perfectly.The Javelin has a new processor which makes the device FLY. Yes the processor is slower then the one in the Bold, but one can hardly tell the difference....I have used both for weeks...and I can honestly say you will not notice the speed difference.I have a 8gb MicroSD card installed in the device and use the software available from blackberry to synchronize all of my DRM free music from iTunes to the Blackberry. A must buy if you want to carry one device that does it all. Amazon has great prices on micro-sd cards.....Here are what I consider to be the best features on the Javelin:1. AUTOFOCUS 3.2mp Camera - It is AWESOME. Picture taking, due to focus, is a bit slower....however, the clarity and quality of the picture make it all worthwhile.2. FOOTPRINT - Great looking device with a great size.3. High Resolution screen - Awesome clarity....4. The functionality of a blackberry has always been a pro..and this one makes it better with a faster processor and more zippy feel.The three BAD things:1. The speaker on this thing is so TINNY....that it hurts my ears with certain tones.....there is NO bass what so ever. That is to be expected in a device this small....so maybe some new tones need to be tested out.2. Micro-USB - Why take something like mini-usb and replace it with something new. Now I have to get all new chargers, travel chargers, etc.... Upsetting but bareable.3. The holster in the BOX is simply a pleather pouch of sorts...no belt clip etc... You will need to buy an aftermarket leather/plastic holster if you wish to attach to your belt. Not a deal breaker...but should be mentioned.I am posting some images for your review also.Overall this is a great 5 Star Device.

Excelent phone, work fine with Movistar, Venezuela. No software upgrade needed. It's lightweight, small and have a good resolution.

ESTE CELULAR LLEGO EN PERFECTO ESTADO ES CONFIABLE ESTE ESTABLECIMIENTO COMERCIAL Y SEGURO FUE EMBUELTO MUY BIEN Y SEGURO ASI QUE LO CALIFICO COMO MUY CONFIABLE

r&aacute;pido y sencillo espero que siempre sigan asi como lo estan haciendo cuidencen mucho abrazo y felicitaciones a todos dios los bendiga

I liked the cellphone but it had some problems with the keyboard and with the software too. i had to take it to the techniccian. but now it works really good

i have recieved the phone and when i start to used it i begin to have problems, so probably they sell me like new and was refurbished , i have to mention that i buyed 2 and the two have to get them to service center because they didnt worked as new

I purchased this phone about a year ago, and was using it as a prepaid phone, since T-Mobile would not give me my prepaid credit towards a postpaid data plan.  It is now on a data plan, and I'm terribly disappointed to find:  IT DOES NOT HAVE UMA.  The option simply doesn't exist on this phone. T-Mobile confirms they activated UMA for me, the phone has the newest software, but UMA is absent on all the menu and setup items it should be at.  Other than that, this is a great phone.

el telefono funciono super bn lo utilice con movilnet y estuvo excelente soy de venezuela recomiendo este producto al 100%

I bought this phone a few months ago and it was working ok until one day suddenly shut down and didn't start again. I took my phone for revision and they told me that this Blackberry is REFURBISHED and the phone has so many amendments that theycouldn't fix it so, I wonder why could this happen because the seller review says that this product is NEW and this is a big lie. I'm very upset for this situation because I bought this phone thinking on getting a good and NEW device and not a REFURBISHED one, I'm complaining because the seller is lying about the product that he is selling and when you start using your phone everything is ok but a few months later this phone doesn't work anymore because is not a NEW one and it has problems. I want a solution for this problem and certainly I don't recommend this seller at all.

I recommend this phone to anyone that is looking for a versatile and useful phone...I bought this phone over one year ago through amazon, unlocked for international use (Venezuela) and it worked perfectly with the local cell phone carrier. The phone works through all its applications without hiccups o freezes I upgraded the memory to 2GB and I store all kind of information on it from music which I hear through the Bluetooth on the stereo on my truck to Microsoft office files (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) allowing me to view them and edit them on my phone and send them over through emails on the phone and also viewing .pdf files. Its wi-fi and Bluetooth capabilities are great but I am impressed with its gps, using google maps apps it gives your location within a few meters and having the satellite map view it helps you locate reference points easily (though this only works if you have data service available as the maps are not store on the phone as a regular gps does so it needs to download them for the web every time you use the application). It's a great working tool as well as entertaining with Apps World from BB I have downloaded tons of games as well as applications like twitter, msm messenger, amazon, and news services. Multimedia usage never been easier and sharing is a breeze through the BB messenger, most importantly let me keep in touch with my sister and love ones that live abroad through BB messenger giving you the feeling as they were close because you can reach them with the touch of a button. I can't say enough good things about this phone, and taking into account that I was a die hard fan of Motorola phones since I switched to BB I can say that I don't see my self in the near future using any other phone.

The Blackberry is a great phone and performs very well.  However, do not order it if you have TMobile service with their child company called Solevei.  It turned out to be a huge waste of money in that respect.  I have a phone that I cannot use.

This BB is awesome i reallly recommend you tu get this phone because it has everything you need to keep in touch with people in a very easy way.The seller sent the same phone with the same thinhgs it says.Para las personas de Venezuela pueden comprar este telefono que si viene desbloqueado internacionalmente y funciona a la perfeccion aca.

Would not charge! This was a total waste of money; makes me reluctant to purchase phones via amz. i was taking it o/s the country a total disappointment and let down too.

This is the third BB I purchase through Amazon but is the first one which came withh everything included in the box, all features promised were included, thank you very much

I have used this device for around one month and it performs pretty good. It looks like a brand-new one and has no big problem. The screen effect is pretty good, which is much better than Motorola. The only flaw is the keyboard: some button like "entry" and "phone" doesn't respond quickly, sometimes you have to press the button hardly. Anyway, this doesn't influence daily usage. And it will be better if the amazon could send the leather case on free along with the smartphone.Additionally the transportation is very quick, only take 2 days to arrive.

Please be warned that Blackberry offers no support for its products.  All support is through your carrier, which can be dodgy at best.  You will need Outlook to update your address book so think twice if you're not a Microsoft user.  In fact, none of the apps have desktop support, so your going to be buying a lot of apps.

I sold a computer after having it in my hands was reported and I can no longer use and I feel cheated by you

Pros: Reception and call quality!, interface, beautiful screen, syncs with Mac, keyboard, terrific sound on media player, decent camera, and intuitive user interface.Cons: Battery life could be better, can be slow at times with multiple applications open, the Mac syncing software from Blackberry is finicky though it eventually works, no 3G network support :(Summary: This phone is wonderful. My last two smartphones were Windows Mobile and this Blackberry completely blows them out of the water. The interface is wonderful and the OS is really reliable. I put battery life under cons, though it gets about forty hours with one charge on heavy text, email, internet, and phone usage, so this is really a minor complaint.All in all I love this device. Compared to my girlfriend's previous gen Blackberry, this little gadget is a beauty and a top performer. Keyboard is about the same, but the 8900 wins in just about every other category: build, reception, screen, interface, camera.Versus the BoldI ultimately chose this over the Bold for a few reasons: keyboard, form factor, price tag, and screen. The Bold's edge over the Curve 8900 is its support for 3G, though I find browsing the internet on a phone painful so it had no impact on my decision. I prefer the smaller size of the Curve 8900 too, and it feels like it's built better than the Bold.Versus the iPhoneI'm a Mac user, though I chose a Blackberry. Why? First of all, I already own an iPod Touch so I'm familiar with the interface of the iPhone and I can tell you how frustrating it is to type on the screen! I wanted the full physical keyboard interface, and with the growing Blackberry app store it is quickly gaining ground on the iPhones flexibility. I find the trackball quick and I make less errors with it than on the touch interface. Of course, the touchscreen has its perks, but I find that I don't miss it here. I also wanted to avoid the iPhone's lackluster battery, and I'm happy I did because the Blackberry easily lasts a full day and the next without a charge. I also know that iPhone's don't get the greatest reception, and this 8900 gets the best reception of any cell phone I've owned (which is probably at about ten total phones over the years).Conclusion:This is a great phone. I highly recommend it. I did a lot of research before making this decision and am very happy I settled on the Curve 8900.

The phone arrived on time, it works very well.  The only issue is that the back is a bit slack and I have a little problem with the battery.  But other than that, the phone works perfectly.

I bought this phone online because it was sold by Amazon and I trusted them. The phone came in a different box than the original, I first thought I bought a fake blackberry. The worst part of the story is that the camera's flash light won't turn off, no matter what you do. I coudn't find solutions over internet. The phone also has problems with mass Storage mode when you plug to your PC, it won't be recognized as a Portable Drive. I'm returning this defective product right now. I never thought Amazon could sell refurbished stuff as new ones.

Este Javelin, me ha salido de lo mejor, tengo 4 meses con el y no tengo queja alguna,todas las especificaciones, tal cual las esperadas, muy buen producto! recomendado ampliamente comprar este producto,Buen precio! Saludos

Phone works as advertised. Arrived earlier than projected. Was able to connect to a network in another country without a problem. Truly unlocked.  Would buy again.

Dear friends of Amazon customers.Some time ago I made a purchase of a mobile BlackBerry 8900 Javelin, the delivery is successful, because they give you a tracking number to track the product, so I recommend Amazon as the Internet shopping Web more effective than I made it.Sincerely, Gerardo Alvarado.

Simply an excellent smartphone with great capabilities and features.As an Unlocked device, it works pretty good with my local mobile service provider.

Bad, terrible espantoso no lo compren o o o o o o o o o oo o o o o o

The Javelin it's one of the best phones tha I ever bought. so I recomend strongly.
