
My son who is nine loves this phone and he listens to music on it all the time. Buying on Amazon helps bypass the two year agreement with Verizon.  I am using this as an opportunity to teach him responsibility and give him something nice for being a great student.

The LG Dare was my first smartphone and I loved it until I "graduated" to an even smarter phone, and gave the Dare to my husband, who had tired of his old phone. Recently, his Verizon contract came up for renewal, whereby he was eligible for a new phone at a discounted price (with a 2-year contract of course), but he refused to give up his Dare, in spite of its being all beat up (he had chosen to not use screen or phone covers while he had it). He was adamant about keeping his Dare, saying it did all he wanted it to do, it was the right size and feel, etc., etc. He also did not want to spend the extra money on a data plan he wasn't going to use (we both have plenty of computer access otherwise) so a smartphone was out.  Since I'm the "geeky" one in this family I did the research on feature (aka "dumb") phones he might like, and unfortunately the pickings were quite slim...it's obvious that the phone companies, or at least Verizon, are moving towards having very few feature phones, if any.  Desperate, I came to amazon--which is where I come first whenever I want to buy something. Not expecting to find it, I looked for and found the Dare through this seller.  The phone appeared to be brand new and we immediately had it activated at Verizon without any problems.  Plus: my husband is not locked into a 2-year plan! This time my husband agreed to a case and screen cover which I also bought through amazon.  My husband is very happy with this purchase,and I hope it will last him at least a couple more years. I should mention that the phone IS internet capable if that's something you do want. The only reason I am giving this item 4 stars is because the cover on the SD slot of the phone was loose.  My husband played around with it finally getting it to fit it, but we're not sure what will happen when he needs to open it again, if it will open or if it is stuck, etc.  This won't be a major problem since more than likely he won't be using the sd card on the phone for his pictures.  I complained to the seller about this and received a response within 24 hours.  By then the problem had been solved by my husband, but I appreciated the seller's willingness to help and satisfy me, the customer. So, the problem is not with the seller, but with a small defect of the phone itself.  I would not hesitate to buy again from this seller, and who knows, maybe in a few years my husband will want yet another Dare!

it cant get activated its so old id rather get a better phone for the same price crappy phone dont order

I didn't believe the reviews I read and thought, &#34;Oh these people are just a bunch of spoiled brats.  I can deal with a touchscreen that isn't as responsive as an iPhone.&#34;Little did I know that the two are not even remotely comparable.And yes, I messed with the sensitivity to try and perfect it, which helped a bit.  I got it to the point where a light touch would activate the screen.  However, the accuracy of that touch was all over the place, which made texting nearly impossible.

Never even hooked it up. I was assured it would do for prepaid and of course it wasn't a prepaid

I ordered the phone because of all the good reveiws, as soon as I turned it on the calibration was completely messed up, I tried to re calibrate but the sides of the screen wouldnt. Not only that but I don't receive signal anywhere with it, sometimes im lucky to have one bar, and last the phone won't even turn on now, it always says battery is overheated which clearly it is not, I WOUlD NOT RECCOMEND THIS. Buy a new phone instead.

I broke my phone before the update time. I ordered this phone and I am pleased with it. I am not use to using the touch features but I am finallay catching on.

I just wanted to get it for my mum and it works fine. Its old though, but hey, she can't use the new smartphones and that's the best i can do.

I have had the LG Dare for over three years now, and I have to say that it is one of the best purchases that I have ever made.  The battery life is still fantastic, I can still go for as long as a week between charges.  The touch screen interface offers plenty of features and flexibility.  The camera is significantly better than most phones to include newer smart phones.I have been eligible for an upgrade through Verizon, but none of the current non-smart phones can match the performance of my older LG Dare.  And even the expensive smart phones can't match the battery life of my Dare.Con:  The screen uses an older resistive touch technology and is not nearly as responsive as newer capacitive technology screens.

Well received the LG dare, so far so good. Phone does not come with simcard so had to go out and purchace. Called verizon and made conection.Also no instruction book with phone. However went to LG website anddownloaded instructions. The phone has a lot of features but I just use itfor making calls and text for now. For us older folks this phone is greatonce you get the hang of it. Hope this helps.

I was very impressed with this phone as the reviews were misleading. It really isn't bad for a person who wants a smart phone that isn't. It took me a week to get used to how to touch and slide but HANG IN THERE..cuz once you get used to it you will love it.

I contacted the seller to find out their return/exchange policy and they totally blew me off.  The phone does not work properly after 8 months.  I can't answer or talk using my phone because it will only work with the headphones attached!  This is clearly a bad phone.  I paid less than $80 for this phone as a replacement for my original that lasted 4 years.They should have at least replied to me.  That makes them not Amazon worthy in my book.  Buyer beware!

I wouldnt recommend this phone to anyone or any texters out there that touch screen is crap I wish I didnt even waste my time looking out getting this phone just bad phone.I have had a pantech for two years and the screen wasnt working right thats why I was looking in to this phone and when I got it the screen MORE messed up then my pantech... wouldnt get another dare at all and will tell everyone this is not the phone if you text or use it alot.But the seller is fast to reply to your emails and worked with me to give me a refund would buy again from this seller.

Purchased phone for my daughter who adored it the minute we pulled it out of the box.we set it up and texting was great, camera worked, she liked the touch screen.But when she went to make a call it did not work.  it rang through but you could not hear anything and they could not hear you.  The people at the Verizon store had no idea what the problem was.I sent the phone back and got an immediate refund.  no complaints there.unfortunate that it didn't work as my daughter really liked this phone.

Great BASIC phone!! Like many others, didn't want to get a SmartPhone and pay the additional (and required) Data plan. This LG Dare works fine for me. I was kind of leary about getting a "touch screen" only phone. I've only used "hard" button phones in the past. It's definitely no iPhone BUT...it's a very nice BASIC phone to use. The touchscreen is nice, but I'd highly recommend that you do the "calibration" before using it so it will get used to your touch.The only thing that was that when I activated with Verizon, I was told that it could not be used with my current plan (Americas Choice 500 Family Share Plan) and that I had to switch to another plan in order for it to work; which I did (NATIONWIDE LOYALTY SHARE 550 Family Plan) for the same price as I was paying previously. It was a hassle because the original Verizon agent accidentally put me on an Unlimited Talk Individual Plan for twice the price!!As for a few details about the phone:- Screen: Quality seems very nice and locks automatically after a certain amount of time; touch screen works great once calibrated- Keyboard: Obviously it's touchsreen based. For making calls it's easy. Turning horizontally for the QWERTY keyboard, the keys are a bit cramped for me, but I'm getting used to it and it works fine otherwise.- Camera: Good quality for stills; OK for video- Storage: Removable mini-SD card- Ring Tones: Decent selection- Speaker: Loud, sometimes distorts...at high volume of course...but otherwise good sounding. (FYI - When laying the phone down on a flat surface, it muffles the speaker volume a bit since the speaker is on the back of the phone)- Headphone Jack: It's 3.5mm which is great; no need to get a 2.5mm adapter!! 2.5mm headsets are kind of hard to find in the stores.Overall I would definitely recommmend this phone if you are looking for a great, basic (non-smartphone) touchscreen phone.

I purchased this phone as a gift for someone..embrassing :-[ wouldn't keep a charge...then the screen started having some kind of color discolorations...very unhappy with phone

This is my first smart phone, I do like it but I don't like the fact that even though I don't have internet and other aps on it my phone bill is now $80 instead of $50, this is too much for a cell phone bill.  Because of this I will continue to look for a cheaper alternative.

Cell phone worked when plugged into charger but would turn off as soon as I took it off. I finally figured out that the battery was no good. The phone and all accessories included should have been brand new according to the Amazon item summary. Good thing I kept my boy's old LG Dare phone battery. Once I charged the old battery, the phone worked fine.

I had this phone for two years and then I started having problems with the microphone.  I could hear my callers but they could not hear me.  I did not know that I could get this phone from Amazon.  Verizon no longer carried this phone so I purchased the LG Extravert.  I have had the Extravert for over a year but I truly loved my LG Dare.  Now that I know I can purchase this phone and use it with my existing plan with Verizon I plan to order a new Dare.  I loved the touch screen.  It is user friendly. It takes great photos.  I don't use my phone for anything except talking and a few text messages.  I have no need for a data plan.  This phone is great for someone like me who knows exactly what we want and refuse to purchase what we don't need.

This is a great basic phone.  It doesn't require a data plan.  Camera is very good.  Sometimes prone to Touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure, but still a good phone.

This is perhaps the worst phone I have ever had.  I have had it for approximately 30 days and the touch screen is so messed up that if it will even allow me to send a text it takes a few minutes to type in the word "Yes".  If I want to call anyone I have to hit the voice command button to call.  Do not waste your money like I did! The only thing good about it is the camera on it.

Got this for my teen that keeps on breaking phones!! She does not have a smart phone plan - I'm glad I read on here that you can get a &#34;smart phone&#34; and then tell your carrier to &#34;de-activate&#34; the data package on it.She loves it - I bought a case for it and she's dropped it several times - but no damage to it so far - she's had it for 5 months now...in teen time that's a lot of time with no damage to the phone.  Would definately get it again.

First, I gotta say that I bought this from Just Cellular, and they were very good about getting it out on time, even with a fully-charged battery. Phone condition was excellent!My problem is with the phone design itself.I bought it for my BF who hated his old phone (screen was shot on it). he had bought me an ipod for unlimited texting months ago and thought it'd be cool if he got a phone with a touch-screen texting feature for his next one.After some research (and a limited budget) I found this model. I knew he didn't want his cell bill to go up (nor did I want him surfing Craigslist at all times during the day and night on his phone) so I didn't want a new Droid smart phone.Here are the PROS: screen is clear, battery-life seems good, excellent photos -- nice and clear, you can shop Amazon and find some sweet phone covers and cases to match it.Here are the CONS: screen typing is worthless -- no auto-correct! Your text message will be erased if you are typing and someone calls-in, text messages are displayed in one long string, not by conversation which makes continual texting in a conversation impossible. Very basic phone with few features.Bottom-line: I bought it in hopes my boyfriend would finally have a reliable phone with great texting features. He HATED IT MORE THAN HIS CRAPPY PHONE. He's done nothing but complain about the stupid thing so much so that I'm ready to grab it and chuck it into the woods and tell him to go get a Droid instead! I spent my whole paycheck on the thing and he hates it.Oh, and that snap-on case I bought? Sure it matches all his shirts but he hates that too because apparently it makes it impossibe to effectively clean the screen.Bottom line for me? I've never buying my boyfriend another present again.Might make a good phone for a 13 year old, or someone middle-aged who doesn't want something overly complicated.

I bought this phone and recieved it fairly quick. The phone though was broken and it's calibration was off so I returned it to the seller about three weeks ago and still havnt gotten a refund yet. After emailing this company and them not responding the only other action was to file a claim through Amazon. Hopefully everything works out and I get my refund but I would NOT suggest buying this product from this seller.

Return of this product was easy, quick and hassle free. Wish it would have been compatible because it was a nice phone.

I bought this phone and was very excited that it was being sold as brand new considering how old the phone was and most versions available are refurbished. This phone lasted about a month and a half before it started having issues with the phone locking up, i had to take out the battery and put it back in to restart the phone.Then while charging, the phone would crash and then freeze on the start up screen. Taking out the battery and putting it back in would kick start it after about 3 tries then the phone started freezing about 15 seconds after it was kick started!Finally the phone crashed while charging again and refused to boot up past passed the start up screen, this is the 4th version of this phone i've had and i've never had so many issues, especially when it was brand new, with all these problems this phone was NOT brand new and this seller should not be trusted

I could not use this cell phone because I could not use my present plan.  It did not specify that in the description so I am stuck with an expensive lesson.  Never by electronics over the internet.

When I gotThis phone it was in great shape for the price. and now it has worked great for me i would suggest it to anyone else! glad i got it

I refuse to pay for data plans (I'm constantly around wi-fi so data plans don't do much for me). But, I also wanted a  decent phone. It seems all of the new non-data phones are garbage; hence I've been switching phones as soon as possible with my verizon contract. I just barely got a LG Cosmos 2 (with necessary contract extension) and then my 2 year old dropped it into a glass of water, while I was out. I wasn't too disappointed, but needed a new phone. I started to look for non-contract phones and saw this one listed. I am so happy I did!PROSI love the touch screen and that it doesn't dial or access apps while in my pocketVoice clarity is greatfeatures are greatit's smallish and fits easily in my pocket. Most of the time I forget it's thereIt's easy to useI think texting is so much easier and faster than on the CosmosNO DATA PLAN!CONSNone. I love this phone! It's been my favorite since I started using cell phones way back in 2000.

This phone was a total defect.  When I took it to the Verizon store for activation, the left side of the phone was non responsive, they could not activate the phone. Total waste of my time.

Th calling quality sucks...not for the person using the phone, but the other person on the receiving end. Also, the touch screen sucks. There are many times when you have to press down more than once for the phone to react. You really can't blame Amazon for this one though. I blame whoever the horrid company is that manufactured the phone.There are 2 reasons why I'm not returning this item.1. I'm lazy2. The picture-taking quality is way better than my old phone, so I'm basically treating this as a camera investment. Solely for taking pictures.I switched back to my old phone, because the LG Dare really does suck...a lot!

I love the size of your phone. It fits nicely in the back pocket. Received it a lot sooner than expected

not please with the phone the lower right coner piece has fell offalready and it keeps freezing up so im very unhappy

outdated phone Verizon wouldnt let me use it . And i dont kno how to return things.so thats dat cracker jack

I was "locked-in" to a 2 year contract with a phone that became my enemy.  After getting the LG Dare in the mail I also purchased a new battery for a mere $3.09, now I have a happy phone that is my friend.  I'm a BASIC phone type guy that doesn't use frills very often.  Just be a phone that is "user friendly" (very important) and I'm good to go!  The above mentioned 'enemy' is on it's way to the recycle phones for soldiers program.

I ordered this phone and when I received it, I called Verizon and they said that I HAVE to get the DATA PLAN. I contacted the seller, and he said try again, so I called again and the person said that the phone was on contract, and in order to activate it I had to have a data plan. Over all the phone is good, and it works great, but the only reason I purchased it was because the reviews said it required NO data plan, but it DOES! so if your looking for one without a data plan, don't order this phone, but if you don't mind the data plan, then get it. I sent the phone back, and ordered a phone from Ebay. I wish I would have went to Ebay in the 1st place. Hope this was helpful!

Good phone for basic plan.  My teenage son insisted on having the same phone when we replaced the previous one after 3 years.

I had a Dare up until 1 year and a half ago and liked it.  When I bought my iphone last year, I didn't like it that well because it was addicting and expensive so I had to switch back to the Dare.

I purchased this phone for my daughter as her last one from Verizon was a piece of junk and broke down.  I have been using an LG Dare myselffor 3 years and love it.  Verizon keeps wanting me to upgrade but I don't like any of the basic phones that are available and they require a$30 data package for the Smartphones which I don't need.  In November my phone fell out of my pocket and landed two floors down on a concrete driveway.The phone stayed on and worked perfectly as if nothing happened.  There weren't even any noticeable scratches or dings.  My daughter is loving herLG Dare and when mine wears out, I plan to replace it with another Dare.

When I purchased this phone I purchased the Dare. Phone was not delivered when expected and wrote a review. Seller convinced me to remove review by offered me a discount. Promised that phone would be received by a certain day, did not receive phone so I contacted them and they could not track it. After a series of emails going back and forth I was promised another phone which I said I only wanted it if I were to receive it by a certain day and time which meant overnight delivery. I then received a call stating that it was an upgraded phone that was better than the Dare. I did receive the phone the next day but not in time to send with my daughter. The phone I received in place of the Dare is horrible not to mention that I could have bought it for less money than what I paid for when I ordered the Dare but I didn't buy it because of the reviews. I had a Dare previously which I loved. I called them and left a message stating that I wanted to return the phone but no one called me back. The person I dealt with during this whole time was very pleasant and apologetic but my overall experience with this purchase was terrible and now I am stuck with a phone for my daughter that is not user friendly and she hates it!

I needed a temporary phone untill I decided what I really needed. The price was good. It has taken me a little while to learn this phone......and I really like it now. I still need a smarter phone for my buisness

CONS:  I've had this phone for 2 years with Verizon.  There are quite a few bugs in it.  I like to text with the regular numbers on word, and if I move the phone too much to the side it switches to QWERTY as it should.  When I try to flip it back to the numbers it'll switch to ABC input and you have to put it on word twice in order for it to stick.  It's also very difficult to get the cursor to the place you want it when texting.  This is an older touch screen, so you have to physically press the screen instead of just gliding your finger on it.  If you try to send a text while one is trying to come it, then your text won't send.  It'll just keep trying to send it and run your battery down, so you have to kind of monitor and make sure it actually sent.  If this happens you have to cancel the sent text and save it in drafts or retype it, and then resend it once the incoming text makes it in.  Every once in a while it'll kind of freak out and freeze, and I have to take the battery out and put it back in to get it to work again.  Sometime during a call the touch screen just won't work.  I don't like the fact that you can only input maybe 25 characters into the calendar when you're setting an event.  I never had a data plan with Verizon, so I can't really say how this does speed wise.PROS:  The battery is good for a few days, and I text a lot so that's pretty good.  I've dropped it many times, and it hasn't been damaged yet but I also have a rubbery protective case on it.  The screen isn't all scratched up either, but I've had a protector on it the whole time I've had it and I highly recommend doing that.  My fiance had the same phone last only a year, because he dropped it with a case and screen protector on it like I have and the screen shattered.  I think I've just been lucky that it didn't break.This phone does the job, but can be frustrating at times.  I would only recommend it if you're baby stepping into the touch screen world.

I do not need anything but a "basic" phone because i also have a Samsung tab for internet.  If you go on the Verizon Wireless site the choices are very limited for what they offer in basic phones.  LG Dare was not on the Verizon website but I found it on Ebay. There are other basic phones that work on Verizon even though they are not being advertised on the Verizon website.I took the so called "required" data plan which allows access to weather and news etc and that is cool.  I just read another review by a Dare user, however, that says that if you contact Verizon directly they will turn off internet features and you will not need a data contract. I like to have it though.I have a hearing problem but the Dare is so clear and loud that i can hear fine on it, a big plus for me.  I love the touchpad and good camera and you can set your favorite photos as wallpaper.  There are many wallpapers and themes to choose from and you can download additional Weathercast or Games and I downloaded Scrabble and card games. There is a small charge for these. There are also numerous ringtones and you can sync music from your computer onto the phone. You even have your choice of size and type of font.I have had my Dare now for about 8 months and never had it freeze, nor a dropped call.  I have called long distance from Canada with very clear reception.  I am going to get a spare Dare just in case something happens to this one.  Verizon wants to get everyone to upgrade to a higher data plan which all Smartphones require, but i am sticking with this really solid basic phone for a long time.  Meets all my needs and I love it.

Excellent phone! I love it. Touch screen works great! I recommend this phone to anybody. It's a cool phone. :D

this is my favorite phone, i'm not into texting and the whole internet phone thing.  It can do it great touch phone, what will i do next?

I purchased this phone as a replacement for my son's until he came up for renewal. The phone was in good condition physically (minimal scratching, etc.); but it worked poorly. The phone shut off all the time on it's own even though it had a full battery. Whenever I answered a call, I could not hear anyone talking on the other side, nor could they hear me...it was dead air. I will not make another purchase like this again

The functions don't always work.  There are times I can't even dial a number much less send a text  When it is working I love it unfortunately that isn't but about half the time.

I ordered this because we changed providers and i didn't want to get a new phone. It's a touch screen but you have to push hard and it is pretty basic. So i ended up springing for a new phone after all but this is great for someone who doesn't want all the bells and whistles and doesn't mind a small phone.

This was a really nice phone when i had it. i kinda wished it was a smart phone but it was okay. It worked really well and everything. It dose not take drops really well. I doped  it when it would not work at all. i lost everything. :(

It wasn't compatible for my phone plan services it was nice yet used and had a fee scratches too but thanks

Buttons don't work on phone. Have to push multiple times for them to respond, if it respnds at all. Terrible device!

Sick of Verizon prices? Buy this phone! Very cool feature phone without the data bill. Fun phone that plays much and has a nice touch screen that works.

I received this device with the idea that it was new or pretty much like new unit. The unit shows sign of wear on the front physical buttons and somewhat on the screen, after activating the device and going through the backup assistant process. I realized that the phone is worthless because upon receiving a call the audio comes out distorted and jumbled, you cannot understand anyone. The speaker sound fine but why paid good money to only be able to use the speaker. Either way im very unhappy with having paid for a new device and received a visibly used phone in which you cant talk with because the earpiece is defective.Oh i forgot to mention they are charging me postage for returning a device that is defective. Buyers beware!

Verizon will let you activate this phone with or without a data plan.  This allows you to get more than just the basic flip phone without paying for the data plan if that is best for you.

Had this phone before when it first came out and I loved it, unfortunately someone sat on it and cracked the screen leaving me to buy a new one.  While I received it fairly fast, the problem was the seller sent a bad phone.  The phone would die within an hour; actually using the phone for calls or texting was out of the question as the phone would drain and cut off during calls and so forth.  We tried putting a brand new battery in thinking the battery it came with was just a dud.  Still no luck.  Came to conclusion it was the phone not the battery.  In addition to that, working the phone is glitchy and the collaboration is off no matter how many time I've tried configuring it.

I ordered the LG Dare brand new ,I was very happy it came within a week,phone is brand new!! ,works well so far !! Am very happy thanks!!Peter J. SassoLG Dare Silver Phone (Verizon Wireless)

Got this thing in late 2008.  Verizon completely screwed up the firmware and software that came from LG.  Spent 2 weeks at the V-store until they finally got it to work like it should have when shipped. Three years later, after heavy use-abuse, this thing was working like a Rolex.  When it started to freeze (about every 4-6 months) that was a reminder to "dial *226 and update me, stupid". Voice commands and recognition were incredible.  Call clarity was superb. And the virtual QWERTY keys were huge with great tactile learning.  Then I left it outside in the rain all last night. After spending 2 hours on Verizon's web site, I now realize there is no phone on the planet that does what the Dare did without a data plan. Did I mention the ORIGINAL battery kept this thing going for 5 days on a single charge as of yesterday?  Try getting that out of ANY smartphone.Verizon wanted this phone to disappear ASAP because they knew it was a smart phone killer. You could do email and internet and GPS if you wanted to, and it was $10-15 a month extra.Lastly, the camera took excellent stills and decent video, the speakerphone was incredibly loud, and I had 40 picts and 130 texts stored in it and it NEVER said I had a memory shortage.Gonna miss this sucker bad...

When carrying it in my pocket, it keeps getting turned on and generally is on some kind of voice message and screens I never have seen before.

So I ordered this in december. It came really quickly. I really liked this phone until one day the screen just stopped working. This is a touch screen phone which means that I could do anything about it. I had to get a new phone after having this one for just three months. It was really annoying.

The company who I bought the phone from was great but I have no idea if the phone is any good because it is Feb. 2013 and verizon absolutely refuses to activate the phone on my prepaid plan which I have had for over 6 years even though the reviews say you can AND the Verizon person I called PRIOR to ordering the phone said I could.  I really think Verizon is trying to screw me over!

This worked great at first, but then the touch screen started freezing up. And sometimes, when I had the phone in my pocket, it would make a call ... usually by me kneeling down or bumping into something.The touchscreen was OK, definitely not in the same league as the current crop of smartphones. (Yes, I know this is not a smartphone, but I'm just making a comparison regarding the smoothness of the touchscreen features.)It got the job done, but longevity and durability is not there compared to other phones.

The phone worked well until we went to charge it..the phone wouldn't charge. Tried another charger and nothing. Sending it back to get a refund

It took over two weeks to get my phone and when i didnt get my phone on the last estimated dilivery date i wrotea customer review just like this. These people sent me a message saying i had to delete my customer service review statement before they shipped me my phone the next day. Absolutley horrible customer service.

I bought this phone from Verizon when it was first released in 2008 and used the handset for three years before minor touchscreen problems made it difficult to use. In the years since, I have bought three &#34;new&#34; Dare phones from Amazon, all arriving in a variety of 3rd party or knockoff Verizon packaging. None has matched the reliability of the first phone. Each lasted less than a year before the touchscreen developed &#34;dead&#34; spots, in some cases visibly separating from the front glass.Since this phone is no longer manufactured, all the handsets in circulation are refurbished or &#34;new&#34; phones of questionable origin. I have given up on finding a reliable one. It's a shame because the phone was a feature-packed, texting powerhouse that avoided Verizon data plans but could surf the internet in a pinch.

I WAS LOOKING FOR A PREPAID NO CONTRACT CELLPHONE BUT I GOT A NO CONTRACT THAT COULD NOT BE PUT ON PREPAID  BY VERIZON. I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED. THEY DID REFUND MY MONEY TO MY ACCOUNT.

No complaints as of yet. Bought it for my son cuz he wanted a touch screen and I wanted data free for him lol. He loves it. Havent had any problems so far.

i love this phone bought after it was used for 2 years then i used for 2 years and still works great

This phone is nice phone, easy to use. Sometimes it does not send messages or takes a long time and I have to point it toward a window, where I didn't have to do that with my old phone. Other than that, I have no complaints about it.

I love this phone. I did end up dropping it one too many times and it finally did not survive the last fall but I've had about 12 different cell phones in my home over the past year between three of s and this was definately in my top three favorites.

This phone stinks!  I've had it for about 3 years but only used for two because I bought an iphone5, which I promptly lost.  Needless, to say, I'm stuck using this phone or pay full price for another. The phone's buttons to turn it on or to set to the home screen don't work.  I can't use the internet because when I do it gets stuck.  I can't make calls, it turns on when it feels like it.  Hate it.  Save your money and don't forget to insure your phone.

I purchased a new lg dare because after three years mine broke(dropped it one too many times). The "new" phone I received already has time on the lifetime calls and data on the lifetime date: lifetime calls= 333:32:48 lifetime data counter= 17401kb. I simply don't understand how a new phone has such a large amount of lifetime calls and data. This is not a new phone. It's a refurbished one. Also the battery lasts only nine hours with about 3 short phone calls.I was expecting a new phone just as advertised and what the box said. I didn't get the new phone I paid for.

I orderd my phone in April.  It took two weeks to receive this item even though it said it would ship earlier.  I have now had it for three months and I hate this phone.  The touch screen works when it wants to.  I will be returning this item and asking for my money back.  I will never do business with this company again.

Worse phone ever, wish I didn't waste my money on it.  Never worked right, waste of money and my time.

Overall, the LG Dare is a great phone.the most convenient thing about the dare is that it requires no data plan, So you don't have to worry about paying ridiculous amounts of money on the stupid data plan. has a great way of texting fast and easy and has great cell service. The camera is not the best but it's manageable. The setup is great, extremely straight-forward, you don't have to worry about not being able to find something. It has an SD slot, which is extremely convenient when putting your pictures on your computer. Has a great music feature, very easy to load your music onto the phone. The actual problems had with the phone are coming up. The screen and buttons are extremely sensitive, it has massive "butt-dialing" problems. For example, you can turn off the phone, but 20 minuets later it'll be on and possibly have contacted someone, no a bad problem i grant you but i still recommend trying to get a case for it. Secondly,has low battery life (which now, that I've come to think of it, could possibly be because of it turning itself on) only lasts 10-15 hrs. And even though this isn't even a real problem, it has a lot of glare on the screen (a screen protecter could cut the glare down). But despite those problems, the Dare is durable, efficient,usable and DOES NOT REQUIRE A DATA PLAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.

I bought this phone because I wanted a touch screen. It took some getting used to but now I really like having a touch screen. However, this phone is dismal. It is forever freezing up. If you want to take a picture and save it, be prepared to wait. Send a picture message? Takes forever. After sending a text message, it says "message sent" for what seems like ages before it clears and you can send another or whatever you want to do.It does have good battery life, which is about the best I can say about it. I have explored the described problems online and it seems many others have had the same problems as I have. I have tried emptying all messages, ringtones, pics, etc but it is still just as slow and freezes just as much.I don't recommend it.

This phone if awesome I recommend it to everyone in the entire world that likes cellular devices it can do text messages and more!

Replaced my LG Dare because it fell into the swimming pool. I liked the phone and had it for a few years. Wanted to replace it with the same.My Verizon store could not get it. I don't like the smart phones and don't need all that extra stuff.Looked on line and found it on Amazon. The price was good and was shipped and received an just a couple of days. Amazon is a very dependable site that can be trusted. I will always check them first before I buy something again.

Good so far.  As expected.  Tiny bit of a learning curve as with any new phone but overall happy with my purchase.

I like this phone a lot.  It easily fits in my jean pocket or front pocket of my satchel.  It is a little slow to react when I am entering a message.  The camera does not have zoom but it takes great quality photos.  I would recommend this phone.

as soon as i got this phone I charged it, the battery would not hold a charge for longer than 5 mins. They said that this was brand new and so I would expect the battery to last a lot longer than this.Very disappointed

This phone shipped really quick and it looks brand new and it was easy to switch over as well overall really happy with the product.

this phone here is amazing its just flat out amazing every one looking for a great touch screen phone get this!!!!

The original phone with order did not work. Then the replacement did not work. Waited more than a week to receive replacement phone. Totally bad experience.

Needed a replacement and didn't want to re-sign for a contract for Verizon. I tried this one because it's touch-screen. It's pretty but it has dropped a few calls on me, and the speaker is very tinny sounding. It's an average phone. I guess it looks like a touchscreen without the data plan, and you don't have to feel inadequate for not having an iphone, because this one almost looks like one - if that matters to you.

camera was already a few years out of date but it worked well, as promoted, hasn't failed, and has enough features to keep megrowing in skill a bit longer.  Screen and graffiti are hard to use with a decent screen protector ... seems they could have solved that and made many more folks happy, but that is the main disappointment or limitation.

This phone is great. Touch screen sensitivity is not overly sensitive and you don't have to press to hard. I have this phone for about a week, and even though it did not come with a manual, i was able to figure it out easily. I bought this phone because I wanted a touch screen phone that didn't require a data package. The 3.2 mega pixel camera is outstanding. The phone comes with 7 cool animated backgrounds and several ringtones. If you want your own ringtones and wallpapers, I suggest myxer.com. They will send it from the internet to your phone. Another thing that I like about this phone is that contacts are easy to add. You can customize the layout of this phone by simply dragging and dropping, which is very easy to do. Virtual qwerty is easy to type on, I rarely hit he wrong key. Music player is great. all of my previous phones have had 2.5 mm headphone jacks which are pointless. This has a standard 3.5mm which means your iPod headphones can fit. The screen is easy to unlock, all you have to do is tap the lock icon in the bottom left of the screen.Pros- good touch screen, good calling, good qwerty, customizability, camera, easy to add contacts, good tools such as  calculator, stop watch, tip calculator, and my favorite, the drawing pad.Cons- space bar on standard keyboard is not in normal spot, (positioned more towards right side), videos can only be 30 seconds longAll in all, this phone is great for everyone, I am a teenager who constantly texts and listen to music, but it is not too complicated, because my mom can operate it.

Wanted a non-smart phone as a backup. So far it's been pretty reliable. I would recommend it as an alternative if you don't wish to pay for data or for your younger teens.

phone arrived very quickly. the product sound was crackly at first and texts not reliable. phone dies in under 10 days. don't buy this phone

When typing the phone tends to type the wrong key entered and there were things not loaded on the phone like the backup assistance.

The phone is sleek and my son loved it... for a week.  Sadly, if the phone is bumped the screen get's 'glitchy'.  I would recommend a hard case for this phone and that it not be carried by an active individual (or a teen) since it does not take much of a bump to fry the touchscreen.  Once that happens, the phone becomes unusable.On the bright side, the phone does not require you to have a data plan with Verizon to use it.  So, it's a nice looking little phone with good features for the price, and you don't pay an arm and a leg for the service or have to be locked into a contract.  Considering that you can find these phones in good shape still for around $40.00 from many reputable Amazon sellers, it's still a good deal even if it is a bit of a prima donna.

Amazon delivers on time, the returns are easy. When I tried to activate the phone, Verizon said my pre-paid plan was not going to cover the phone. Verizon said the phone was a contract phone, thus no activation. I would love to keep the phone but wont pay $30 a month. Can anyone help me, it seems that so many people on the net claim they can get around paying the data charges. The LG Dare seems like the perfect phone for me, mp3, call quality,battery and the camera seems to be what makes this phone a winner.

I had this phone before and loved it. I had the old version of Verizon Navigator and when I was prompted to update it I did. The new software was not compatible with my old LG Dare phone and Navigator no longer worked. 6 months later it started shutting off. After using several hand me down cell phones of my kids for 6 months I spotted it on Amazon. Brand new, for $100. I bought it and 3 days later I had it.I am enjoying the phone without Navigation (haven't needed it yet). The touch screen can be adjusted to your touch like the smartphones. It locks automatically so you don't make any butt calls. Excellent camera and video too. No data plan needed.

...don't understand the complaints. I've had this phone for 3 yrs so far and will keep it until it dies! the battery is great, the qwerty keyboard makes it easy and quick to send texts; it's lightweight; picture-size is adequate; it's a durable little phone; and best of all..no data-plan is required! You can store close to about 300 texts and a hugh supply of pictures. it's not a smart-phone, so don't expect a smart-phone. it was one of the first totally-touch touch phones and was pretty much ahead of its time when it first came out. I had purchased the Voyager, but took it back the next day and exchanged it for the Dare because the Voyager gave you the option of typing on either the regular keyboard and the touch-keyboard. I found I perferred the touch-keyboard, thus I went for the Dare. I believe you'll be satisfied with taking a chance on the Dare.May 28, 2013 update...Purchased this phone online for my mom and now I have a totally different outlook on the LG Dare. It's completely different from the one I purchased from Verizon. It constantly freezes up, and the keyboard is annoyingly offline. It can take forever to text or dial a number. My mom wants to get rid of this phone and I would no longer recommend it.

My daughter wanted this phone to replace her old phone.  We are existing verizon customers.  When the phone came I dialed *228 to activate the phone on our existing plan.  I then went to my on line account and noticed that her number was set to pay as you go data usage.  I phoned verizon customer support and had them put a data block on her line.  I then went back to my on line account and confirmed there was a data block and no extra charges for her phone.  Done ... with no data plan and no extra charges. She can only use it as a basic phone.

I absolutely LOVE this phone. I always used to break my cell by either dropping it, or getting it wet because my hands always gets REALLY sweaty from a syndrome I have. I used to go through a cell every 3 months or so! I still have my verizon dare & i think it's been around 3 years to date!  I dislike all the other iphone, droids, etc., because they are all "heat" sensored (& if your hands are cold, goodluck 2 you)... I am a girl, and I have nails!!! This verizon dare works with a single nail tap!  Trust me I am incredibly critical of many things... and the Dare is one of the few things in my life that I am sooooo grateful I have! I recently went to a verizon store & tried to purchase this phone as a back-up, the man told me that verizon no longer makes them because they want to concentrate & market the droid... so they discontinued the dare! LOL come on peoples... it probably cost the company more money to produce the dare, so why not discontinue it so that they can make more profit? It's sad that they decided to stop selling phones of such high quality... even the guy working for verizon admitted this truth...  So I "DARE" you to go to a Verizon store & try to sniff out a nice up-to-date phone that is not heat sensored!!!

This is a decent touch phone, but am finding that I miss an additional keyboard when touch gets out of sync.

I LOVE this phone. This is my 3rd Dare and I still love it. It works wonderful until the screen quits of course which is why I am on my 3rd one. But I love that it a touch screen phone, no data package needed to use this phone. I will probably keep using it till its no longer available.

Phone was refurbished,  not new like the discription said after 1 week they phone started shutting off and the only way to get it on was to put on charger or keep removing the battery until it came back on. Then at 2 week mark, after receiving a text message the phone would freeze if not answered instantly.  Now after failed attempts to get a refund or exchange we stuck with a VERY shitty phone.

This phone lasted 2 weeks and is now not working.  The screen doesn't light up and so is of no use.

The reason for my purchase was to avoid a new 2yr contract with my carrier.This phone is for my daughter which is more than adequate for her needs.ThanksJ

One arrived with lots of cosmetic damage and a bad battery.

it is a good phone at first but its bad it butt dials people battery is crap and the touch screen only lasted me two months. dont buy it.

The phone works good. The 'touch screen' is very 'picky' and does not operate real well. Was a gift for my wife. She has a lot of trouble with accidentally 'choosing' one item while she is simply trying to navigate to a different place. I had the same problems when setting it up for her. But it I got it for a good price and it does serve her needs. I will be upgrading her phone this year!

Hi, I read a review on LG Dare., he mentioned no data plan with smart phone so I went Verizon with my son's droid x ( smart phone) but they told me not possible without data plan. Disappointed, But I called service center. Rep. Said certain phone(LG dare) can be activated without data plan but not with droid x. I think we shoud be able to have a option of no data plan with our own phone. Because we already paid them so much money for 2 long years. I hope someone to sue carriers so we can have a smart phone without paying data plan charges. Thanks!

Customer service was pretty amazing. We got the phone and it was for the wrong carrier. Customer service rep contacted me and went above and beyond what was needed. Problem was instantly resolved. Very happy with their service!

this was one of the few phone you could get that was touch screen but required no data plan at the time. i loved the size because i hate massive/heavy phones in my pocket. in all the time i had it, i really took care of it and only dropped it twice ever in the begining. i had it for almost the two years before out of no where the touch screen became non responsive and later the phone stopped accepting any calls. overall, i really liked this phone and was bummed out that verizon wasn't willing to replace it with the same one as they stopped carrying this phone. the only issues i had with it was that it's an early resistive touch screen and the screen is kinda small so my fingers would hit keys i didn't want to or moving the cursor while texting was a pain. my girl still has the exact same phone i did and uses her nails because it's more accurate, she has no problems texting like i did. i'm not sure what caused my phone to crap out on me because my girl's phone is still going strong. i guess i was unlucky. a good phone despite my issues and i would recommend it if you don't want a data plan but want a touch screen...and have small girl fingers.

Worst phone i ever owned.  It broke in 2 weeks.  Texting was nearly impossible. I would never recommend this phone.

Phone malfunctioned and it was more than a struggle to get a refund!

This place is a joke!!! Nothing as advertise. took almost 2 weeks to arrive after choosing expedited shiping. Phone came as if it was thrown down the street after it was rated in excellent condition, touch screen stopped reponding after first week. Then phone decided to do whatever it wanted. It would change screens the buttons would act as if i was touching them,,,(never hit any buttons)Tried to contact the company via email and of course took a few days to get a response..Sorry to say but do not use or buy from this place!

I didn't need a phone with a data plan, but wanted one that was easier to see and with a touchscreen and keyboard to text.  This one is perfect for what I needed.

Bought it for my daughter after the last one failed.  It worked well for a few months.  Since then it's started getting glitchy.  Touch pad was getting difficult to use, screen was fading.  We finally bought her a new iPhone.  Tired of replacing these LG's.

Unfortunately Amazon's return policy is 30 days (apparently as well as the seller DEALSCALY) - this cell phone stopped working at 90 days and the answer from DEALSCALY was &#34;Unfortunately, your phone is already out of warranty and because of that we can't replace the phone it's accessories or issue a refund anymore due to our return policy&#34;Lesson learned....my fault for ordering a BRAND NEW piece of junk.(I was looking for a relatively inexpensive basic phone for my daughter...what I ended up with was a terrible phone and terrible customer service).Very disappointed customer.  I'll be sure to NOT order a cell phone from Amazon anymore...what a joke.

i bought this phone online, unfortunately though, there is no much information provided about it on the website. When I received the phone I was so excited to have it. It looked all good from the look, little did I know that it could not be used outside USA since a sim card is not used in it. I contacted the seller and asked if there is any way I could make it useful instead of throwing it away(the only option I have). I got a response that the issue is being directed to someone who would help me out. This, I am still waiting to date. I was also told to contact VERIZON for more information, I did so via a link I found ion their website but they also never got back to me. The phone looks nice but I have not used it and still thinking on what to do with it, anybody with an idea? I am mainly based in Afghanistan and Kenya,

Have used for 2 years and am upgrading because I'm too frustrated to continue with this phone; the phone works well but it has other issues: texting cumbersome (easy to hit wrong key on touch screen)....but the worst is the email/internet access! it's AWFUL (can't bring up Gmail saved emails; forget opening attachments!; typed password to email doesn't process well, needing several retypes; VERY SLOW but it's not a Smartphone and costs $15 less per month)

I thought I liked the phone the 1st 10 days I owned it... then all the bugs it has makes it annoying. The biggest problem I have w/ the phone is the screen touch calibration. I have to shut the phone off two or three times a day because the screen becomes so out of wack I can even get the screen to unlock. no it doesn't matter if the screen is perfectly clean or covered in fingerprints. shutting the phone off a couple times usually resets the screen. Which is a total pain in the ass especially when your waiting for an important phone call, and you can't even answer it! The qwerty key board is cool but unusable. It hardly ever hits the right key and you have to constantly go back and correct spelling, or just say screw it and leave it misspelled. This problem is amplified if a screen saver is installed. You absolutely need all the bubbles gone or your in for hell. I bough a stylus thinking this would help ...not so much. Pictures are junk the flash makes everything look blue. The only good thing about the phone is the call quality. My mom had her dare phone for 2 yrs and loved it. I've had the phone 2 weeks and want to smash it!  I will never buy an LG phone EVER AGAIN. Life's not so good.

Just bought this to replace the same phone. I originally bought this phone from a friend, used. The phone held up for almost 2 years with constant abuse. The screen is very susceptible to little scratches so I would buy a screen protector with it. After  about year and a half the film on the touchscreen started to peel a little, and this final month after almost two years the calibration was off and unable to reset. It lasted longer than I expect cells to last. I only use my phone to make calls and text, and if especially bored check facebook for a quick second. It's a good phone for a sensible and low maintenance kind of person.Also, my boyfriend and friends with large rough hands, or "man hands", always have a hard time texting or making a call from my phone. You have to be able to use the tips of your fingers to not get completely frustrated with this phone.

I purchased this phone from JustCellular.  My daughter had previously owned a Dare and really liked it, so we were delighted to find it available and at such a good price.Less than 2 months into owning it we had some issues.  Contacting JustCellular, they sent a prepaid mailing label and once they ascertained it was mailed, sent us a new one.  Great followup emails and really nice service.  I would definitely buy from them again.

when I received the phone, It had a bubble, what looked like water in the screen. Four days later the screen went black.

LG phones are the Bomb. I love this little phone so much. I can do what I want and don't have to worry about a big bulky phone.

This is an amazing phone! If you want an all touch screen without having a smart phone or having to pay for a data package, this is the phone to get. I had mine for 5 years until it went through the washer and instead of upgrading i ordered another one on Amazon. These phones are very tough, and almost indestructible. I would even say it is worth your money to buy a bright and shiny new one through Verizon's website. The screen is big and pretty and even though the camera is huge it takes great pictures. No slide out keyboard, which I loved, it is completely touch! Great phone!

its only been a couple of weeks ,had a problem with an echo in the phone, but lowered the volume and removed the protective gel back ,the echo went away., good bluetooth thru radio with external mike , clear screen and easy to use. text keyboard turns to full sixe when you turn phone sideways is a nice touch. it works good for me.

Nice basic phone for the money. My eleven year old son loves it and it worked fine putting it on Verizon's network. Happy with the phone.

this is a good phone, i have owned one previously and it's a good phone for my son, especially since you don't have to have a data package

Phone that has has features nice enough for use but can turn off the data. So far no glitches with this phone and my daughter has had it for a few months.

It was supposeed to be a prepaid phone. And I had to put a contract on it. Really sad. The contatcts were still on there.

i purchase a cellphone that i really needed and like, it was affordable and in great conditions it functions great.

This product arrived amazingly fast, especially with the approaching Holiday, I didn't expect it till after Christmas, but it only took 4 days from the day of ordering.  I am throughly impressed with the shipping & the product, it is everything it says it is.  Thank You AMAZON & Thank You Cellphones 4U.

My kids wont even touch it. It sits on tv stand. Screen doesnt respond. Terrible! Truly worst phone ive ever bought

Prior to purchasing this phone, I was confused about whether or not the LG Dare required a Data plan, since many people on this review stated that it does not work without a data plan.  Sonow that I have the phone bought and activated, I thought I would let everyone know what I think is the definitive answer to whether or not this phone is compatible with Verizon's NO DATA plan option.  Here's my experience:- Before I clicked the "buy now" button, I called Verizon on the phone to ask.- Verizon specifically stated that this phone does NOT require a data plan.- After I received the phone and tried to activate it online on Verizon's website, the site said "DATA PLAN IS REQUIRED FOR THIS PHONE."- I called Verizon, to ask them why I was getting a message that said "Data plan required" when I was told prior to the purchase that a data plan was NOT required.- Here's what they told me:o  Whenever you buy a phone that has the capability to go online, their website automatically asks you to purchase a data plan.  There is an option online that says "pay as you go" data plan with no fixed charge, but a fee of something like $2.50 per MB of usage.  If you choose this option, you will not be charged a monthly fee, but you will be charged if you use the phone's internet access feature.o However, if you call Verizon and ask them to disable the internet access feature, you will not only not incur any monthly charges, but you also do not have to choose the "pay as you go" data plan.==>> So to make a long story short - after you buy the phone, just call Verizon and tell them that you want to use the phone without any data plan and to disable any internet features of the phone.  And voila, you will have a touchscreen phone with no monthly or pay-as-you-go data fees.

The phone was just as described. The battery life is the negative I see with this model. I got a second battery thinking that the original may not have much life, but the new one does not last any longer. The phone itself is great.

Phone arrived promptly, the phone has adequate features, it is easy to operate and cost was good. Would recommend it.

This phone just quit working after about 3 weeks of use. We could not even get it to come on to transfer contacts.

I looked for many months for a phone for my 16 year old daughter.  I wanted a phone that didn't HAVE TO have a data package and that was text friendly.  It had to be verizon compatible as well.The reviews on the different phones here on Amazon helped greatly.The phone was in good shape and super easy to activate.  The seller provided exactly what they promised.She has been using the phone for a month now and hasn't had any issues.  She even found some additional fun features to play with on it.She had to get use to the touch screen only texting, but I think she adjusted just fine.

Have to practically pound on te screen, Too small. Pictures are blurry. Buy a different phone. I only paid $50 for ths phone while I wait for my upgrade from Verizon. Still, it is the worst phone I have ever operated.

I only had the phone for 5 minutes and I already knew it would be horrible.To get the buttons work you have to press hard or use some sort of stylus.not worth it.

Easy to use and lives up to the name. The viewing screen very clear and the user prompts easy to follow

I've only had it for about a month, and already I'm having problems with it. The phone itself is slow to begin with, but I thought I would be able to deal with it, but now I'm experiencing more problems. I cannot take photos anymore because the camera is blurry. It dies quickly, its really slowwwwwww, and it turns off on its own sometimes.

the phone had to have a data package and I sent it back. The phone had to have an internet package and I sent it back. I amhoping Iwill not be charged a retocking fee.

The product was delivered in a very timely manner and my teen daughter loves it.  The charger did not function properly, but the merchant immediately replaced it with a working one.  No interruption in cell service.

I love this phone! Like a smartphone but without the data plan. Took a little while to get used to the touchscreen. I bought it  a year ago used, and it's been working great, but now the touchscreen won't work.  I'll have to find another!

One of my two current 2 year old LG Dare cells is not working correctly. So I spent hours online researching for a different replacement that did not required a data plan. That was pretty much a waste of time. There aren't any with similar bells and whistles that don't have a QWERTY keyboard. Since I have no need for the keyboard, that only makes the phone thicker and less simple to operate. So I guess you could say that I'm a repeat customer.PROS: Nice size and bright screen, easy to operate after some self training. Excellent manual of instructions. Speaker volume is good. Sound quality is above average but probably won't impress audiophiles. You can use bluetooth or plug in an external headset/mic. Batteries are inexpensive and readily available. Not as bulky or thick as most smartphones (but still won't fit in a standard cell belt pouch).CONS: Even with a nice sized screen it is hard to see in bright sunlight. There are one or two places in the phone where the letters you need to press for a specific operation are in mice type. Not a lot of ring tones and you can't download them without a data plan. You can attach them to a text message tho.Two minor nuisances with this phone: 1- It has a resistive touch instead of a capacitive one. That means you will need a bit more pressure (or finger nails) to get the icons to work. 2- The battery case is a b**** to get off without breaking it.Unless you decide to go Smartphone and pay the data cost, I don't think you'll find a more convenient cell that the Dare.

This phone is fabulous (if you want something older).  I gave this phone to my son about 3 years ago and it's still working. he is 10.  We made him carry it around for 6 months before activating it and it has hung in there.  We have the rubber case on it that makes it look like a tire... and that too is holding on!  Finally, something that is tough!!!

I had no problem with the phone.. wait that's lie. When I received this phone, I went to my phone company twice to see if it was my phone company & it wasn't. So when I contacted DirectBuy, buy Amazon, I wrote a bad review. They emailed me & told me to take down my post & they'll deal with it. It has been two months & I haven't received my refund yet.. DO NOT TRUST THE COMPANY. Plus every time I would call they would be "off service".The problem was that I could not received any picture messages or get Backup Assistance on my phone.

This phone is scratched for starters. While I started using it, it would glitch out and have a weird frozen screen for about five minutes at a time as I was trying to type a text message. Sometimes it would go completely black screen. This happens every ten minutes, constantly. I highly DO NOT recommend this seller or product. They are ignoring my messages and input to their product. Choose something else..

Very very very old and scratched up.... wasn't worth me activating or wasting my money to return.. don't think I will be buying another used phone...can't believe someone will sell something like that

I'm still using my Dare because It does everything I need it to. also it saves me money on upgrade and monthly data package. The blue tooth, speaker phone ,touch panel, battery life, reception are great. I send regular, picture texts, and video clip texts and works good.The 2gig micro SD card holds my music pix and video so I can download it to my laptop easily. Chargers, batteries and accessories are easy to find.Its not a I phone but Its good enough for me. Love it.

I had several problems with this phone, but this company worked with me and resulted in a fair solution.  I would buy from this company again.

Right now the phone is working.  Just 6 days after I activated it the keyboard would not work, it did not work for about 24 hours.  This is the problem I had with my old one, but that was after I had used it about 3 years.  Hopefully I will not have anymore trouble.

This phone is NOT worth it!! You will experience problems in the future and regret buying this no less than a few month after purchase. The touch is terrible. texting is a pain!!!

Does not work with ANY prepay plan. Nice phone but the touchscreen is a little tricky.While scrolling up and down it opens things you don't mean to open. Shipping was extremely fast.

Not as impressive as we hoped.  Battery flamed out within a few months of receipt and we had to replace.

Got this for my daughter and it works great. It's not a smart phone but she loves the touch capability and I like not having outrageous data fees.Overall, it's a great LG phone at a great price!

It is working.  However, it did not come with any instructions therefore gettign to know the phone is a little difficult.

Worked fine out of the box for Two weeks. Then a crackling buzzing noise came from the phone.  Had to be replaced.  Wasted money, time and effort.

I WANT TO START BY WRITING, I WISH AMAZON WOULD PLACE MOST RECENT REVIEWS BEFORE STARS, I DON'T CARE ABOUT A REVIEW FROM 2 YEARS AGO.I DECIDED TO TRY THIS PHONE SINCE I WANTED TO USE A TOUCH SCREEN BUT DID NOT NEED ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES OF TRADITIONAL SMART PHONE AND CERTAINLY DID NOT NEED A DATA PACKAGE.I  recieved the phone and called verizon and it was activated right away, I asked Verizon to block internet access and no data plan, they did so and I started to use the phone.it's about 3 weeks since I've had it and am returning it Monday for a replacement. To many people complain that they hear an echoe when speaking to me and can't make out what I am saying and I have to repeat myself .The touch screen has turned into a virtual monster.  I have to depress the same keys over and over and over just to unlock it, "which is a great feature,so not to press buttons when in your pocket"Sadly, the samething happens with texting which I do much of,Also, when scrolling through my contacts, I constantly have to start over since it doesn't stop on the contact I want, it seems to either stop on a different contact then I want or it freezes and opens another contact and I have to hang up and start over.Battery life is very good, I give it a full charge every 2 days and and am good to go.The video quality is very impressive but you need a memory card since it doesn't hold much, I made 2 videos about 60 mins each, I had the viseos put on disc and then deleted them and have new free space.The picture quality is also very good, however.It is VERY hard to see the screen when outside, I am trying to find a privacy screen and that should work that problem out.The hands free I don't care for since the speaker is on the other side of the phone, so u can either be heard of hear or option 3 keep turning the phone from side to side.I also want to add that when I first recieved the phone I was very pleased with the sound quality, I have  70% heaing loss and I can hear very well with it compaired to my other phones.It's a great phone for the person like me that likes the speed of a touch screen and isn't very savvy with todays gadgets, it's VERY user friendly and may I add, If they made made a smart phone book for Dummies I would be first online.HEHE.The company is very fair and easy to work with and I hope the replacement phone lives up to what I've seen this phone do because if it does, I have found the perfect found.I hope some of you find this review helpfuil and if have any questions feel free to ask and I will respond.HERE IS A DIRECT PASTE AND COPY FROM AN EMAIL FROM THE COMPANY I PURCHASED THE PHONE FROM,HAD THEY MENTIONED THIS I WOULD NEVER HAVE PURCHASED IT AND SO BACK IT GOES.Hello,"The echo issues sounds like a defective microphone/speaker but the touchscreen is probably functioning as it should, this is just a cheaper old phone when touchscreens first came out. You would need to go with an iphone or Droid to get the latest technology that is very fluid and fast. You comments are similar to other peoples for any older style touchscreen.JUST CELLUIAR."THEY CONSIDER THIS AN OLD CHEAP PHONE YET CHARGED ME $62.00 PLUS TAX AND SHIPPING, AND MAKE NO MENTION OF THE ABOVE IN THE LISTING.

it works good and i love the phone if anyone is looking for a phone you should consider the lg dare

I originally bought this as a no contract, pre-paid phone but found out that not only can't it be a prepaid but that, while it was advertised as NEW, it had a no-name battery in the package ... I don't mind a refurb.... Just tell me that's what I'm paying for.  Truth in advertising please!!Other than that, my kid loves it..... For now...

Love the LG Dare & so does my hubby thank you

The phone arrived on time and the seller was great.  Now, as far as the phone...it is awful.  Whenever you call it, all you hear is an echo of your own voice.  This phone does not put up with a lot before it breaks.  This was our second one.  The first one lasted a day and the whole screen cracked.  It wasn't even dropped. Unfortunately, there aren't any phones that are decent anymore that are not smart phones.I would never buy this phone again.
