
Buyer beware. Phone is locked to a European cell company called France Orange. I tried everything to use this phone, I finally went to an Apple dealer; who told me that I could not use this phone in the USA because of the locked status. The seller advertises this phone is unlocked. :(I contacted the seller and they have not responded. I am researching my options as I want my money refunded.

The iPhone doesn't work!! I would like to return it! If I turn it on it says connect to itune

Had initial issues with texting photos, contacted Seller by email they were shocked as they are 100% behind their product and &#34;never&#34; have problems or complaints.  Assumed the problem must be with my carrier's system and decided to live with it.  BUT I was soon to be completely disappointed by my purchase.  I very specifically ordered this &#34;FACTORY UNLOCKED&#34; phone because I DID NOT WANT A JAILBREAK PHONE.  I wanted an ORIGINAL unlocked phone.  Within weeks of having it, the first time I tried to do a software update, it reverted to factory settings...so what???  It's &#34;FACTORY UNLOCKED&#34;!  NO, not true!!  It returned to it's factory settings all right, AT&T LOCKED factory settings...it's a jailbreak phone!  I live outside of the US, so returning is costly and time consuming.  Fortunately (or $$$unfortunately$$$) I found someone here who did a permanent unlock for $80.  From the texting photos email sent to me I was able to send the Seller an email regarding my disappointment...no response.  In that same email I found a phone number and was able to leave the Seller a voicemail...still no response.  Seller, don't lie to us!!!  Our money we spend on your business is genuine and real....let your word and product reflect the same!!!

ITEM 3G- I-PHONE WAS SENT WITH CHARGER THAT DID NOT WORK. IN PHOTO PHONE WAS VISIBLY A WHITE PHONE, HOWEVER RECIEVED A BLACK PHONE. NOT VERY HAPPY

Firstly, I paid more money for an express shipping but the phone was not shipped on time. I got it one week later.As regards the product: I would never never recommand that to anyone who wants to keep track with latest technologies. You cannot find any applications that is compatible with the ios 4.2.1. The worst, you cannot even download files from emails to save on the iphone. Useless useless ..There is no video recorderThe phone is useful only to make calls, write text messages.  I regret it... I wonder why Apple keep selling this product if they don't release any compatible applications for it???

Recomendados gente seria y excelentes productos recomendado 100% excelentes productos asics, siempre pendiente si la entrega estaba a tiempo muy confiables y r&aacute;pidos en sus encomiendas

Just got it today. Phone was unlocked as it said. I put in my sim card and it worked perfectly!

This was one of my best buys this year!  I love the iPhone but cannot afford the 4 or 5 so I got this!  It is beautiful and unlocked so I can get many neat apps for it and still have the luxury of an iPhone!  I recommend it to those on a budget!  I use Straight Talk on it for w/tax $46.27 a month and have everything unlimited....pics, texts, talking.  Can't beat that!

so I was thinking u can fixe and send to me back but is not in this way I was like it so much.

The iPhone was in great condition. The only complaint I have is that I was not aware that the iPhone 3 is not able to download any apps. It seems iPhones have evolved too rapidly to allow older versions to download anything in IOS format.

It was a good choice that i made and i am happu that i brought this item. There may be a few minor problems that can be fixed but other then that its a good item ! :)

After purchasing 3 &#34;like new&#34; refurbished used iPod 3G phones that were all but worthless, I decided to purchase this new one. It works great and I am very pleased with it.  I will never purchase another &#34;refurbished&#34; again.  Thanks

The phone was exactly as described - in perfect condition and operates well. This is the second phone I have bought from this seller and I have been impressed each time. The customer service is excellent, shipping fast, and the phone worked as soon as I put my SIM card in. This phone didn't have the updated operating system. But that is not the sellers fault - I simply assumed that it wold be updated.

If you are the person, talking so long without charging the battery, iPhone 3g will not satisfy your battery expectations. This is a common thing for iPhone 3g, however, very important thing for most of the users...

Arrived too late , with scratches and very old software, replacement took more than 3 weeks, and the re send the scratched phone

I have not had enough time with it but so far so good...only evaluating how long it keeps the power...but i like it

I got the phone in less time than expected. The phone works well, but it is a little slow sometimes. But, it serves its purpose so I'm happy with it. :)

The iphone itself is in decent shape; the software is extremely slow, and crashes constantley.  The blue tooth option does not work, the phone will (for no reason) just turn off, when I check the battery level after turning back on, it will say &#34;2%&#34;, turn it off and back on again and it will say &#34;31%&#34;.  I have tried to conduct a hard reset on multiple occasions however that is not helping either!  I knew this phone was a bit out of date and would be in a &#34;USED&#34; condition, however I did not imagine it would be this bad!I recommend not waisting your time with the outdated phones, save the money and get something that will cost more, but will run much better!

I paid a lot of money for an item that couldn't hold any data on it. So madI couldn't use the phone at all

I love this product. Although the transaction did not work for me, I appreciate the manner with which the seller returned by money. I wish the product conformed to all that I expected and I would have retained it.

no lo he revisado porque no me lo han mandado ojo con esto muchas veces existen estafas electronicas con supuestos vendedores conectados con amazon ese es mi caso la compa&ntilde;ia proveedora no es responsable

Me enviaron el telefono malome rebajaron de la tarejeta otra cantidad por otro telefono y NO lo enviaron ESTAFADORES

This phone is not that bad but not what I expected trust me when you buy this phone you will be saying the exact same I said it is as slow as a snail and I just suck It!!it's just a rip off TOTALLY!!!!!!!

This iphone came defective from day one. I took it to an Apple repair shop and they said the phone, which was advertised as new, was quite worthless. Many of the parts in the phone were changed by the seller. Despite attempts to get the seller to replace the iphone or fix the damaged part, they refused. They did not even honor their so-called 90-Day Gold Warranty. It's been quite frustrating dealing with this seller.

It is ok  , thanks ........ ......... ...... . . . . . . . . . . . . .

salio malisimo. the telephone is not working, in less than one year it stopped and had problem with charge and funcionalities

The iphone 3 is a great phone that I would recommmend to everybody.Iwas worry before I purchase the Iphone because I was not sure if it was going to work with Tmobile,I bought the iphone and works perfert no complains.

So, this product is quite misleading. When I seen the picture of the product, a white IPhone 3G, I thought I was ordering a WHITE IPhone 3G so I didn't bother reading the information. My iphone got here yesterday, it's black not white, I understand I should've read the information, but the seller shouldn't have put a misleading picture. Another problem, the phone can't be updated. If you update it the phone stops working, I didn't see where the seller bothered including that. I would enjoy if the seller would do something to make up for it, seeing as how it was a birthday present.If the seller bothers to look and see this, please contact me at..stephaniedawnprice@yahoo.com

I bought it for my daughter but couldn't install Whatsapp... &#34;useless&#34; said my daughter.Though it works as cell phone pretty well.

The iPhone was locked  it was disaponting ,likely my good friend took the phone pay  $25.00  they unlocked it .the phone was  scratch too

They sent me the iphone with the opened package claiming it was due to release, but the Iphone was reassembled inside all damaged and did not work even for 4 months. The Apple store told me it was all disassembled the product and the packaging does not belong to the unit I bought.Conclusion is fraud! I've asked to give back my money, but I did not return. I want my money back!

I received the item in good condition. I was disappointed to learn afterwards that the phone was not factory unlocked so I had to make some minor adjustments in my country (Argentina) before I could start using it. I exchanged emails with the seller and they explained this version of iPhone (factory unlocked)is unavailable in the US. Maybe they should clarify this when they describe the product for prospective customers.I acknowledge I'm not an expert, on the other hand!

Perfect costumer service, phone works really well, i cant complain at all. Product arrived at expected date. They answered all my question and also gave me advise.

i will not recommend this product to no one, 2nd of all the phone died on me 3 weeks ago i bought this phone from an dishonest person; that's all i have to say thank you;

there was a little problem with my order but everything worked out in the end thanks for your help and for trying hard to solve the problem.

BROKEN. When I received this phone it was broken with the screen falling off along with a lot of other damages

Best phone I ever have. Great! I will talk to couple of my friend to buy as well. I show to people good staff and Unlock. Ohhhh

I purchased this item without knowing that it was jailbroken. When I recieved the phone it was jailbroken so I could not download and apps. When I tried to contact the seller he refused to refund my money. When I finally filed the A-Z claim the seller messaged me and told me to close the claim. I was refunded the money very early and I will never make the mistake of buying a phone from a seller other than amazon. Once I was refunded my money I went and bought an Iphone 3gs from Gamestop and I love it! If you want an iphone go to gamestop......NOT AMAZON!

I can not believe that someone can sale such old and craked thing... The phone was dropped not even once and craked on back panel, front glass was changed with visible opening. By the way, The weight for then package not even a bit as 4 lb... Send me label for free return ASAP. Thanks.

This phone was outdated and I should have known it before I bought it. This could literally only be used for people who wants to just talk and text. I wasnt even able to download instagram.

I got this phone brand spanking new and unlocked very happy with the purchase. On bad thing about getting phone due to updates apps are a struggle to download, also phone is very glitchy an slow bt sence I'm a patient person It doesn't bother me much all in all phone serves its purpose :)

The product got to me as promised. It was new and was working properly. The only issue with it is that it was not originally unlocked by the manufacturer. Because of this updating is not possible.

I had problems with my iphone but they contact me and they are trying to help,I think that's good.I gave them a poor review at first but I think they deserve a better one, just because they want to help and change the iphone if it's necessary.A friend checked the iphone and now it is working normaly, it wasn't that bad after all.

THANKS FOR THIS PRODUCT, VERY USEFUL, LIKE NEW AS IT SAID WHEN I BOUGHT IT, WORKS PERFECTLY,UNLOCKED, JAILBREAKE, VERY USEFUL. MY MOM IT'S REALLY HAPPY WITH THIS. I GAVE HER 3 MONTHS BEFORE HER CHRISTMAS GIFT. LOL

The product is excellent, applications are downloaded quickly, the screen is execelente, photos are sharp, it's easier to use the cel.

Yes, my expectations of it were meant; that's what I was looking for. It has great features and simple to use as long you follow the instructions.

This item just work with ios 3.1 and cant install too many apps important like skype, facebook, viber, whatsapp, ect.  Is no good reason to buy

I made a mistake to get this phone. I thought I bought a 3GS model, until I set it up , then realized it was 3G only. I don't want to return it, cause it was my mistake. This phone is obsolete and supper slow. The software is no longer support by Apple, so most of the apps and games are not working. So far, there is no benefit of this phone over the regular old phone. This phone was one of the biggest mistake that I made. By the way, I got another used iphone 3GS, and it is much faster than this new 3G phone.

it is excellent if the there is available application for camera to edit and also have video. quality of the pictures is good also.

bought it for a present and it was a big hit and the person who got it has yet to  put it down. get gift idea

The seller did not tell the truth that the phone actually cannot connect to wifi. I cannot download apps which make the phone NOT like a SMART PHONE AT ALL.

exelente atencion y producto recomendado producto cumple con lo descrito y es tremendo equipo el vendedor preocupado y atento etc

Two months ago, I ordered and received the iphone 3G unlocked so I could use it with my current provider overseas. Recently, the phone froze up while attempting to remove an app and I had to resort to the restore mode. Unfortunately, unlocked phones are sometimes plagued by errors while trying to restore; something I am beginning to understand is likely done on purpose to discourage the purchase of unlocked phones, but that is just my opinion. At any rate, the seller, Wireovia, immediately responded to my request for help and provided a thorough guideline of instructions with all links and programs necessary to completely restore my phone and then some. The final step in the restore included downloading a program that has appeared to stabilize the device. My appreciation to Wireovia for their great customer service and to their employee, Chris, who was very pleasant. BTW--my inquiries to Apple were not that satisfying, and not one of their messages was signed by a human with a name; very impersonal and 'canned.' I like "i" technology, but don't like their lack of follow up.

The phone arrived brand new in unlocked condition as stated in the listing. I have been using it for over 3 months now. It IS a bit more glitchy than its "locked" version. It froze a couple of times on me. I had to restart it. It most likely has something to do with the software that used to unlock the phone. However, no major issues so far. Hopefully, it will stay this way.I would still recommend it.

This particular iPhone didn't suit my needs.  Every app I tried to download needed OS 4.0, 4.5 or 5.0 etc...This phone didn't include much and I just couldn't do much with it at all.

It was in good condition however., the software cant allow upgrade to IO5 meaning it can't be used for simple tasks like WhatsApp, Facebook.

BESIDES THAT IT WORKS, I;M A GUY SO I BOUGHT A BLACK COVER. IT WAS A HASELL GO OUT AND GETTING OIG

I am not happy with this product coz. the first iphone they send me its home button does not work, I call them & tell  essue about the phone & send it back. after 3,4 dayes i got second iphone & that doesn't work at all after that i have to call them and ask for my money back. they said they are going to email me a prepaid ticket for send it back. i have been waiting for 4 dayes but i dont get email. so send them another few mail & leave a voice mail too. but nobody respond me back. its been 12 dayes so i have to contact my bank to get  refound my money back. I am never going to buy any thing from this web site again. Sorry

The Merchant Delivered the product on Time. There was No wall charger or USB Charger, I had to buy one to charge this phone before even switching it ON.

So I purchased the phone, and all was well for 5 months.  One day I was using it, and the screen went completely back.  I couldn't even get past the apple icon on the home screen.  I tried to reset it, and everything, and did the system restore...nothing worked.  I finally brought it to the apple store.  Apple looked at it and said they circuit board fried itself, and would cost just as much as a new Iphone 4S to fix it.  So I let them recycle it, and I went out and purchased a Samsung Galaxy III

good night, I write to know if this iphone is released and if it serves to the lines of Venezuela, for example, Digitel, Movistar .. I hope your answer.! thanks

El Apple iphone 3G 16GB  UNLOCKED Es una imitacion no funciona es un engano lo lleve a la tienda de Appel y hasi me lo comfirmaron

Paid to check it this would serve my purpose; it is a great phone and works well. Worth for the $ paid

It is so outdated now that none of the applications will work with it anymore.  No point in owning this model at all.

I just recieved the iphone 3g, after already purchasing it was told i could get a 4 for alot cheaper! when this phone arrived today it was packed IN TOILET PAPER AND SHOP RITE BAGS!!!! The phone is glitchy nothing seems to work properly and in the details it was said that the phone would be white. nedless to say i AM getting my money back.

I bought this item and receive it on time. Everything was going okay the first day I used it. However,when I tried next day to turned it on, it was no longer working. Thinking it was just a minor defect (it is afeter all an used item) I took it to technician to have it checked. Then I got to know that the device had suffered some kind of accident (which was not reported by the seller) such that it could not be repared. I would discourage any potential costumer to buying anything from this seller because in my experience getting this device was really a fraud.

It is hard to trust people these days but I trusted Nepulsutra twice and I have been disappointed twice. He only replies to your emails when you leave negative reviews. You don't just make promises and refuse to keep them.

I bought to give to my daughter and she love it.So i'm very happy with that. Thanks for the help.

Unfortunately,I have bought the phone just before leaving the state back to Egypt as a new I phone 3G, the performance was so bad and later on the mobile stopped working, I sent it to repair the customer service confirm that the mobile is used and that the serial number on the box is not of the iphone, they also confirm that some phone parts have been replaced. that is so bad and I need explanation how that happened

do not buy Iphone 3G 16gb  because  it's too slow working.  Do not buy  Unlocked sale by online  but really not sure  it is  unlocked  phone because  i brought  by  unlocked iphone 3g 16gb it's locked ,

This phone is not unlocked like it say`s that it is. I tried to get it turned on in T-Mobile and they could not do it. And the person never responded to my email.

The phone does not work...I did finally speak with the seller and he sent a return label and said he will then send another phone. The phone would not allow any settings to be set up for any other carrier other than AT&T.; The point of the unlocked phone was to be able to use any carrier I choose. I was following the instructions listed online for the model of phone, and when I plugged the USB into the port, it locked the phone up again and it will not unlock at all. I cannot even get it to turn off. Also, my mom ordered the same phone and hers came and there is not sim tray to insert the sim card to get it to work.Thanx,Teri

phone was not unlocked and could not unlock it so it was of no use and no value to me

I loved how fast it shipped out and how long it took to arrive. The phone was in perfect shape. My only issue was caused by lack of knowledge on my part. I didn't know that a 3G Iphone wouldn't be able to update to the newest IOS. Some a lot of the apps I was looking for I couldn't download.

Show the cost and more pics of it tell more on how it works AND SHOW THE COAST for Peters sake

this is a great little phone, I gave to my fam for a gift cause i have the newer model...  great on battery life, well longer than the iphone 4 and 5  but the battery is still low.. it is just longer than the other two. great shipping time  I like
