
los felicito trabajan muy bien y r&aacute;pido el equipo esta como nuevo es lo que requiere el cliente sigan as&iacute;

everything was greatexcellent phone, very practical menu, take pictures and record videos of wonder! works for all operators used and Latin America, I am very happy with this purchase 100% recommend this phone

Brand new in the box, who could want more?? It's a classic and is bullet proof. Modern manufacturers could take a few notes, hell Blackberry could take a few!

A total waste of time. Folks, learn the hard lesson I've learned, ONLY order items frm PRIME certified sellers. Ohterwise, you dont know what youre getting, spending your money like going to Vegas. Its a gamble.

was received on time and works very well....am satisified customer. gave it to a friend as a gift, they are happy with it

I love BlackBerry and haven't had one that I didn't love. This model is no different. It's a great phone with nice features, easy to use and pretty too. I bought a 'very good' condition phone from Teczilla. It's in gorgeous condition, cost a lot less than a brand new one,  and arrived 2 days early. I'm veryyy happy with my purchase, and my phone!! Giving the BlackBerry Curve 8310 5 stars.Revised Review- I've had to change my review as the phone will rarely send a picture, either one I've taken, or one I've received, without causing its appearance to be completely impossible to view or only partially viewable. Newer phones work fine. I think it's only because its such an older version phone. But disappointing because my previous phone didn't have a camera, and that's why I purchased this one. This has no reflection on Amazon. Just an FYI for future purchasers of older model phones.

Bought phone to replace Daughter's stolen blackberry.  The BBM is excellent and exactly what she was looking for in a phone

I GOT THE PHONE FOR MY HUSBAND FOR FATHER DAY...WHEN MY HUSBAND PUT IN THE SIM CARD IT DIDNT WORK AT ALL....THE PHONE WAS NOT UNLOCKED I WILL NOT ORDER OF THIS PEOPLE ANYMORE...I'M GOING TO SEND IT BACK......I CALL THEM 4 TIME AND DIDNT PICK UP THE PHONE....THINK BEFORE YOU BUY FROM THIS CUSTOMER....MARICELI MEDINA

I bought 2 of this Blackberry and both Blackberry Service and BBM are not working. RIM along with my mobile opperator couldn't fix them.Don't buy this product even if it is for free.

so bad customer services. after 2 months no answers about my item, maybe fishing or fake company.please dont buy her

This is the second time I ordered this item, per amozon, they suggest I return it and reorder this item. I did not contain the cade, car charger, cd and other items that were suppose to come with this phone. So be awaer it does not contain the accessories.

The phone did not work a piece of CRAP I took it to Jamaica I thought it was the battery it was the phone.

I was VERY excited to receive this item, only to discover that when I put the battery into the phone it was defective! The phone wouldn't recognize the battery and now I have to return for a refund. So disappointed...

I didn't have any use for this item after I received it so I returned it. Not a bad product, I just didn't want it.

GPS does not work. USB Mass storage does not work. No memory card. Battery dies in 2 days.Other than that its a great phone.

I travel. Plug in a sim card and good to go at next to nothing. The phone arrived as described (looked new), and worked as described. All for a dirt cheap price.

I buy a new product and they gave to me used, the blackberry curve 8310 i purchased is sulphated because the sticker on the back that indicates contact with watter is red what makes me think it has, beside that i cant instal the blackberry featrures because the phone is not entirerly unlocked. I would like to hear an answer from you because i want to chance the merchandise."

I still am not sure what I think about this phone.  It isn't all that easy to use, but it is an older phone. I will update either way as I learn more.

phone won't charge through usb port. camera does not work properly. video won't send as mms file. old blackberry works 100 times better.

These phones just didn't work right for us, one thing was that one of the phones had so much static in the ear, second the phones kept cutting off.

I hate this phone, I cannot received phone call with it because of the the moving up and down of the audio system. so sad

I bought this phone as a gift for my sister in-law. The phone functioned well but we could not change the language. Why make an unlocked phone to accept only one language? I could not go pass the fact that this phone was set to English only and you could not change the language. Unfortunately my sister in-law could only read and write French.

I don't like this phone.First off I didn't get a book to show me how to use the phone.  Then I can not use it with my gohone sims card to get  on the internet!

No instruction booklet came with the phone at all.  No box either. An unlocked but no internet connection at all. It was not what I saw

It was my mistake because it is not for Venezuela Technologie 3G but it is a very good equipment Thanks

Phone was new in box, worked with my sim card, has great features. Only draw back is hearing on the phone or it may be me getting older. I haven't decided which yet.

I normally love blackberrys but this phone is  terrible. Half the time the bluetooth will not conect with my cars bluetooth  The phone freezes up  and the only way to get it to work is take out the battery and let it reset. I guess you get what you pay for as the phone was cheap for a blackberry .I wasted my money on this phone.

this phone is great for my son who is 10 and now begining in the technology world, easy to understand and operate,

I WAS ACTUALLY SHOCKED WHEN I OPENED THE BOX AND SAW HOW NEW THIS PHONE LOOKED AND WORKED!!!  IT CAME IS LESS THAN 5 DAYS.  THIS IS AN EXCELLENT SELLER!!!!  I RECOMEND HIM TO ALL!!!  THIS PHONE IS WONDERFUL!!!  I HAVE HAD IT OVER A WEEK!!!! MY ROOMMATE BROUGHT ONE FROM A POND SHOP FOR $53.00 AND I PAID $38.00 WITH SHIPPING INCLUDED!!!  AND MINE IS BETTER!!!

Very bad product It's broken not what expect about the phone the picture you me in the phone it defrance I received it.very bad phone.

This is not compatible with Verizon but once I figured this out they took it back without hassle. It was good experience

"NOT ACQUIRE THESE PHONES ARE NOT NEW AND ALSO SERVE NO" I acquired one and only send it worked 2 weeks to review and was told that it will not work as it is rebuilt and ready to take very little time, do not buy it though the price is very low and offer a lot and not reality, is pure deception. I lost over $ 100 shipping cost. DO NOT LOSE YOUR MONEY, they also have no warranty.

Some of the buttons are almost worn out, so you have to push them hard if you want to use them.It also buzzes when you talk on it sometimes.

I was due in for a new cell phone (I had a BlackBerry Pearl 8100), but I didn't want to spend a whole bunch of money. After comparing used phones on Amazon, Craigslist, T-Mobile (my carrier), and eBay, I picked this BlackBerry Curve from Amazon. Although this phone is an older model, to my surprise it looked brand new. Sure there were a couple of scratches on the phone as indicated in the product listing, but honestly, they are barely noticeable. All-in-all, I'm very pleased with my purchase for under $50 bucks!

Phone came in good physical condition, but after inserting my sim card, to my surprise, the phone was still locked! to make matters worst battery was not taking any charging. However after contacting  the seller I was refunded for the cost of  unlocking the phone locally. Response was quick and hustle free I must say.However I ended up had to replace the battery.

THE 8310 IS A GREAT BLACKBERRY.  I PURCHASED THE UPGRADE TO THE TORCH AND WENT BACKWARDS TO THE CURVE BECAUSE IT IS MUCH EASIER TO USE.  THE BLACKBERRY TORCHDOES NOT MAKE ANY SENSE.  I WILL STAY WITH THE BLACKBERRY CURVE WHICH IS A GOODCHOICE.  I PURCHASED IT AND I AM GLAD I DID...

when i order this phone was everything ok but when my delivery comeso i check the phone the first thing i see the cell looks like reconstructedi try to put the battery and was so hard but i did it after them i star to usebut every time when i try to dialing numbers starting going crazy and write lettersi am so sad becouse now is brook and i just spandingn $110 dollars for use this phoneonly 3 weeks and i am a good good costumer from amazon DONT BUY THIS CELL

I thought it would move a little faster and could handle the blackberry apps, but it does not look like it can.

Please send me the items manual to enable me operate it.The cell phone is ok but it is a bit too light.I hope it will be durable enough.Thanks,KIBOI

BAD PHONE.... I BOUGHT IT AS A NEW ONE AND THIS BB WAS REFURBISHED.BAD PHONE AND LOST MY MONEY

Seriously, This phone only has a nice look but it is not worth the pain... My daughter purchased this item for me and I know she feels sad knowing that am not happy with it, the phone makes a noise when you are on a call, this noise can seriously damage your earbells and I only havethis phone for one week, the battery is drained out before 15 hours. I prefer my old out dated phone anyday above this phone... sorry

I wrote a review yesterday and miss-spoke and wanted to  correct it I  said there was pics of a naked woman what I ment to write was inappropriate pics of a woman nearly naked. Amazon is dealing w the issue now. amazon has been very helpful.

The first phone, was beautiful, but did not work at all.  When I called the company, they sent out another phone and that one works well.I will use this company again.  Overall, 8/10 experience.

I bought and received this phone December 11, 2012 and it has shut off on me 4 times in a week. At first I thought I was pushing the button in my pocket but it just shut off today for the 5th time this week and now it won't turn on at all. What the hell kind of deal is a good one when you buy a phone supposedly "brand new" and this is what happens and I haven't gotten a response and there is no number to call readily available!

The seller was fast, pleasant and efficient.  The product arrived quickly and as advertised. I highly recommend this firm and would use them again if the opportunity arose.

I love the phone definitely a reliable phone. It suits my personal needs. the size is what i was looking for

All buttons work and functions normally however there were several scratches and paint chipping. It feels quite old and very used.

this phone is quite outdated, it has limited internal memory with no option to upgrade, there is no wifi and doesnt seem to work with 3g or 2g. the phone i bought the bbm didn't work and i had to return it. Its not a bad buy if you just want a phone to make calls but if you need a smart phone this isnt it

We purchased this phone as "new" and it arrived missing components that should have been in the package, not to mention the fact that the camera and flash were crusted in dirt/scum, and it just looked "used".  The cover doesn't close well...it leaves a gap when closing.  I attempted to contact customer service today immediately and was unable to get through.  I left a message and am awaiting a call return from Vibe cellular.  Hopefully they will take care of this quickly since this phone was purchased for a visiting relative who lives in another country and is leaving next week.  We are highly disappointed with this purchase.

the phone works Great for my mom she loves it I bought it for her because her old one same model was failing some of the keys were not working on her old one so I purchased this one for her

I purchased the Curve for my aunt, the produce came package well with all its accessories. After a month the volume button stop working.

I don't have this model anymore. Besides in my collection. Since I am into BlackBerry OS and iOS. I can tell you that this phone isn't bad. It does everything that it was made to do. Gives great Wireless LAN connectivity and the 3g is a plus for this Model which if I remember correctly is running 4.5 But it is somewhat outdated now. But still user friendly just add some eye candy (THEME) and you wont be able to tell the difference from let's say a 9630 or 85xx where the 85XX is simply an updated version of the 83XX with 5.0 OS. as of now I use the Blackberry 8350i for work. and My BlackBerry 9780 for Personal. I enjoy this for I have 5.0 on my 8350i Unlike the previous 8310 ,8320, 8330 which will more than likely stay at 4.5.0, 4.5.1. But if you are reading this looking to find if you will find a Powerful RIM device for Business/Personal go for it you won't be disappointed at a device coming from RIM.

had too many scratch mark .DDD D D  D  D  D  DDDDDD DD  DDD  DDD  DDD  DD  DDD  D  D  D DDD  DDD  DDD  DDD  DDD  DDD  D  DDD  D D  D D D  D D  D  D

I bought this cell phone for my granddaughter and she just loves it. She is a little more tech then I am and understands the cell phone more than myself. she loves it and that's what counts.

I bought this phone for my husband. He has always liked a blackberry. I tried to get him to use some different more up dated phone and all he did was say &#34;Please , baby order me another blackberry&#34;. So, the wonderful person that i am, he got his phone...!!! The other wore out, see he owns a Collision Center, and let me tell us, when i say he used/abused and killed his phone, he did...We gave it the proper burial..LOL

I bought this phone for my husband for Christmas & what a mistake that was.  The phone did not work, was a total piece of junk and since it was just not worth the trouble to return it, it went into the trash.

me enviaron un producto todo partido sin bater&iacute;a la carcasa esta toda descuadrada no cierra la tapa de atr&aacute;s en fin me enviaron un aparato inservible porque le partieron el sujetador del chic de linea

I bought this blackberry because my husband and I wanted to get straight talk, then we found out straight talk doesn't support blackberrys. So i sent a request to return the product and a refund. The phone never came and i never got my money put back. Tried writing the seller and i haven't heard from them in almost a month.

Eaven though it was a use phone, the condition was poor , I was expecting a little better,  the only good thing is that it is functioning pretty good, thank thou , still looking foward to do business with you in the near future. It has arrived on the date that was given,  that was excellent customer service.
