
I bought this phone for a birthday present for my husband and he loves it and I loved the price so I consider it to be a good buy!

Funny I should run into this phone as I'm looking for unlocked phones with qwerty keyboards, because this happens to be what I have right now and am hoping to replace.I got a refurbished model of this phone about a year and a half ago. Right away, the phone would switch itself off if you slid the qwerty keyboard shut. I took it in to the provider's store and they basically said "tough, it's refurbished". After a while however - probably 2 weeks, it stopped doing this, so I thought we were ok.Gradually, the phone started to take longer and longer to connect when I place a call. I would dial a number and just hear dead silence on the other end, and then maybe one ring before the other person picked up. After a while I would hear no ringing and just the other person speaking right away. After a few more months when I finally did hear something the person would be going "HELLLOOOO??". My husband told me then that his phone would ring as normal when I call him, when he picks up he can hear me and will say "hello????" several times before I'd reply. During all this, I'd still be hearing dead silence on the other end and had no idea people could hear me breathing already. This led to places like doctors' offices hanging up when I called them since they got no reply after a few seconds of waiting.I guessed all the trouble was because it was refurbished in the first place and decided to pick up a pay as you go phone from my provider to just use until my contract runs out. This model happened to be one of the pay as you go offerings and since I already knew all the functions and liked the keyboard I decided to get it again. Sim card popped in no problem, no issues with switching itself off, but the problem with calls connecting and me not being able to hear the other person started again after about a month. This is an issue with the phone model, and not just an issue with the first one I had because it was a refurb.I had to up my txting plan and mostly send txts if I want to communicate, or wait for people to call me. If I was only going to score it based on how well it works it would be half a star, but I give it two starts because I like the design of the phone enough that I bought it twice. The qwerty keyboard is nice and spacious, the menus are easy to navigate, the screen is nice and big and it holds a charge well.Bought it twice, got burned twice. This phone is awful enough that now, in looking for a replacement, I'm avoiding LG altogether.

Simple phone for the technology non savy, durable rubber backing for protection.Although the Camera is not the best and a little research needed to getText messaging to work.

I bought this phone not too long ago, expecting it to be decent. But as soon as I opened the box I realized that it was nothing but cheap. Often when sliding it open it freezes, or shuts down. Keyboard has a hard time catching up, and sometimes the letters that have the arrows on them switch back and forth between the actual arrow and the letter. Camera has no zoom. Just an all around junk phone.

I wouldn't use it now, because I am use to the touch screen scene, but when this phone first came out, i got it. It was very popular, everyone had it!! I loved it! This is one of the best phones I have ever used!

The ribbon that connects the two pieces of the phone is very very flimsy.  Your phone will shut off for no reason and eventually the ribbon will break before too long.

I have had one of these phones for about 4 months now.  As advertised it has a full QWERTY keyboard, a touchscreen (which is not fully taken advantage of), and a 2.0 MP camera.As far as functionality is concerned, the phone does everything I need, but I do have a few gripes.1. If the phone drops it is guarenteed to eject the battery. I am somewhat of a clutz, and the phone has survived the drops, but every single time it shoots the battery out, which leads to a game of "find the battery"2. The operating system insists on alerting you when a new text message arrives regardless of what you are doing with a full splash screen.  The problem with this is, if you are already typing out a text, it forces you to send your partially written out text to the drafts section.3. It does not take advantage of the touch screen, in fact the touch screen is only used to dial the phone.4. Sometimes the screen gets locked in a position and will not flip around.

Very small and compact design from LG Electronics. I like QWERTY keyboard. Cameraenough for a good job. Intuitive interface. Practical conexion with PC fordownloading/uploading data, pictures, etc. without special driver needed. Simplythe PC recognizes an extra drive. Sadly, PC USB cable & earphones are not includedin the original box, but are relatively cheap and easy to find in the aftermarket.No complaints about this product. Shipping from the seller was good and speedy.

I am happy my child love it, it is not so expensive and have the things that he want for know. Delivery on time. All just perfecto

My order was for an LGKS 360 Unlocked phone.  I received a different model, but because it was for a Christmas present and because the time was too short to return it, I had no option but to accept the one sent.

I am a Cellular Phone Dealer.I purchased 2 phones from other source very recently.Thanks to the good design, I could sell them easily.However, they were returned in a month due to the mechanical problem.One said that the screen went black and later she cannot use phone at all.Another said that the phone did stop to work while communicating with others.  I called LG and the unresponsible people said that they cannot give warranty as this is an international model. This phone has structural weakness. Even girls cannot hold the phone a month, who can keep that for 2 years?

i bought this phone 3 weeks ago n the battery doesnt work , it only work for  2 days ... i think its an old phone advertising as new...plz be careful, stay away from this phone

I ordered this phone here, it saids international phone LG KS360 but ended up I recieived an unlocked AT&T neon gt365.  No headset or usb cable included.  Even though they looks almost the same, but sounds like a kind of misleading.  From the way it's packaging, I beleive it's REFURBISHED.  I still like the phone and would try it out, if it works I would keep it or would return it to vendor.  Beware buyer..... updating after 6 months in used.  Phone shut off by itself sometimes when it's in used or in standby mode.  Bad quality, no more LG, willing to spend little more to get better quality brand.

I bought this phone for my girlfriend a few weeks ago.I kept it in its box, so she can open it by herself.PROS:CHEAP PHONENICE DESIGNCOOL QWERTY KEYBOARDCONS:CAME WITH SCRATCHES AS IF IT HAD BEEN USED PREVIOUSLYNOT THE ORIGINAL BOXLOOKS USED OR REFURBISHED WHEN CLEARLY SOLD AS NEW PHONEBuy at your own risk, may be usefull as a cheap replacement phone.

My wife and I bought 2 of these cell phones over a year ago and we love them. I bought the Lg KS360 and she bought the Lg GT360. The only difference is that the KS360 is a Tri Band and the GT360 is a Quad Band. My wife uses hers daily and she loves the qwerty slide out keyboard. She has small dainty fingers and the keys suit her fine. This is the only draw back for me since I have relatively large fingers but I manage. The touch screen comes in handy for dialing especially if your in a hurry. We both have a 1GB Micro Memory SD Card in ours and use them to store photos and music. The camera takes very good photos and video. The performance and reliability are there. Can't comment on the web browser because we never use it. The camera does what it is supposed to do.UPDATE 01/03/2011Having problems??? Phone not detected in device manager with Win 7(32bit) we always took out the memory card and used a USB Memory card reader for putting photos on the card then one day I tried to use the supplied USB cable to charge the phone and the phone was not detected in device manager. I went to the LG web site and there are Updated USB drivers available for our phones but impossible to download them. They simply will not download and I am not a newbie, believe me!!! Lg support is only located in the United Kingdom. I e-mailed customer support about a week ago and still have not heard from them. They don't offer a toll free number either. What a joke!!! The real problem I am having is that we are not receiving photo attachments with text messages. I did some searching on Google and apparantly we need to update the firmware in the phones. GOOD LUCK with this. I spent over 3 hours and ended up very frustrated and ready to throw the phones away I was so mad. Except for the NON-Existing support and not being able to receive photo attachments and the device not being detected in device manager the phones work well, I guess? Never again will I get an LG phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I suppose when I finally hear from customer support I am expecting them to say something like this: WE DON'T OFFER SUPPORT/DRIVERS FOR WINDOWS 7. I received a similar reply from Motorola when my RAZR didn't work with phone tools after I upgraded to Windows 7. It's just a scam for you to buy new phones. These companies could write new drivers if they want to but why should they. They make way more money by us buying their new products instead of receiving driver support for their older ones. All companies do it such as Epson, Canon etc... you name it... they all do it!!!!!!!!!!

I purchased this product as a gift for my friend...[...] It's not exactly what I expected though... I'm sure, it's an unlocked AT&T phone so it has AT&T logos on it, menu as well is all AT&T's. It plays MP3 music, however, my friend could not set any of the songs as a ringtone or message alert tone as you have to download them on the AT&T Tone Store in the menu. Unfortunately, the product is being used here in Costa Rica, & we don't have AT&T service, only ICE. Keypad is cool though, my friend got some sight issues & the larger keys are really helpful for him, plus it can be hide whenever he's not using it. But overall...with the purchase price, it's a great purchase & a cool gift.. I didn't regret it... And my friend loves it. There's only one problem though..There are times signal just goes out while we're on same place & my other LG phone has full bar.

So, my droid broke. It was flashing battery gone and shut off for about a month. One day it failed to turn on. So, with a little over six months left to my contract I'm stuck finding a replacement. This was the only one with a good solid keyboard (for At&t; anyway). It's got a really dumb interface. The camera is comparable to a Fisher Price Kid Tough thingy...or a disposable. Don't even try web browsing or video.But, for a messaging phone it works. It's cheap. And, doesn't require a data plan. Just what I wanted and expected. I'm deducting a star because they call it *touchscreen*. The only thing touchscreen about it is the dialer. I think this cuts down on the bulk of the phone (it's nice and small). But, definately is not true touchscreen.Also, I noticed it's rebooting sometimes when I send a text. I've had an LG VU that the mic quit on. This is a problem with LGs. Also, the speaker on it is beyond dumb. My droid ringtones sound corny. As long as it does what I need it to do for six months I'm happy. I'll update if it doesn't!

I've had this unlocked phone with T-mobile for a year (since thanksgiving weekend 2009). I do not recommend it. Here is a pro/con list, starting with cons. 6 and 7 are the MOST IMPORTANT:1. Touchscreen only works with dialing. It is a huge waste, you cannot use the touchscreen for texting. I have a feeling it also contributes to the low battery life2. Low battery life. With unlimited texting, I charge once every 1-3 days, depending on the day. Really, its that bad. When you go to one bar (out of three viewable) you will have about 5 hours before it will run out of battery and prevent you from doing anything but making calls (aka no texting on low battery)3. Turns off randomly. Very randomly. I first thought it was turning off in my pocket, but one time it turned off overnight. I use my phone as an alarm, and woke up late because it had turned off by itself.4. Takes forever to turn back on. About 5-10 min. The loading screen is fast, but once you get to the regular screen, for about 5-10min it will say "loading" whenever you perform an action, then NOT perform the action. Its prettymuch on but unusable for 5-10min after turning it on.5. Phone lags. Every screen change is a huge, minimum 1s lag. It will "freeze" for a second, either in the screen prior to whatever you go to, or in the screen you want to go to. Inbox? gotta wait a second to load it. Check call history? Takes about 6 seconds (yes, a full 6 seconds. I used a stopwatch.) Switch between call histories (missed, recent, etc)? 2 second lag.6. Outgoing calls lag. I mentioned above it will "Freeze" on the screen you want to go to. When you make a call, it will show a picture of a phone with concentric circles expanding. That is supposed to be the "call on its way", which disappears when you start getting the dial tone and THEN it starts timing the call. But that doesn't happen. Instead, it will show that screen for up to 15 seconds, and then it will go to timing the call. BUT WAIT, the timing will start at 00:15. Does that mean you've been on a call for 15 seconds with no sound? Yes. Absolutely. When I call people from my phone about 40-50% of the time it does this, and when this happens people will say "hello? hello? hello?" for about 15seconds before I can start hearing them (and them start hearing me). My friends know my phone does this, but this makes it IMPOSSIBLERead that: IMPOSSIBLEto make calls to people you don't know. That means no takeout places, no customer service, no nothing, because 50% of the time they will hang up on you for not responding. Note: pressing "reply" from your calls list will always 100% cause this lag, except worse. Record: 34second lag calling from "missed calls" list7. Keyboard lags impossibly. The keyboard has directional keys over the O (up), K(left), L(right), M(down). When you type at a moderate (read that: moderate) pace, you will notice that your texts get jumbled when you type O, that your cursor moves backwards when you type K, and you will often be missing O, K, L, and M from your texts. Yes, that is because it lags so bad it reads those key presses as directional keys. Instead of typing that letter, it moves your cursor. Right and down don't do anything but it makes you miss words. K is annoying, but O will really, really mess up your texts. You will in essence start writing in the middle of the text. This means I have to type at a slow (read that: slow, not even moderate!) pace to make texts without errors.8. Threaded view is broken. When you view threads, it will list them fine, and if you choose "reply" while in the thread, it will list your text in the thread. But if you are at the menu and press the text message key to send a text (aka not "replying" to a thread) your text will not be listed in the thread. The person's response will, but yours won't. It also gets times messed up really often.Pros:1. Nice keyboard. feels great. but completely canceled out by con #72. SD card slot, easy to customize with own ringtones.3. Nice layout of buttons and menu buttons.That is all. The two major functions of this phone (calls, texts) are absolutely ruined by the firmware, it is almost like this is NOT a functional phone. Do not get it

My husband bought this phone for me, since I washed my phone on an accident.  I worked really well, and I loved it.  Then after 3 months of having it, it just stopped working.  I checked the battery, and it just didn't want to work anymore.  Now, it doesn't even turn on.  Hopefully, not many people have had this problem too.

This phone was terrible! It was difficult to text on it. The service on it was so bad and I could not get the internet to work no matter how hard I tried.

I know this is a bit late to be writing about this products, but I've querying about wheres my phone with unlockedcellphonekings the whole time. I ordered 4 items through amazon and only 3 was delivered but not the phone. I had to fill out a lost claim file twice! which wasted about 3wks. The fact is nothing every came and they said there was nothing they could do about it simply because 2months had passed. Well during those 2months i was asking, Where is my phone?? How is it that your the only company who's item wasn't delivered?

This is not a quad band type of phone and doesn't support the frequency that is needed in my major metropolitan area (Houston). I was not informed of this when I made the purchase it or I would have chosen something different. I was offered an exchange for returning the phone, which I accepted and did. Of course now I'm getting the runaround from Amazon. The returned phone is showing signs of use, (Duh! My daughter tried to use the phone!) So suddenly there is a 15 - 20% restocking fee and I also have to pay the difference for the phone I'm exchanging it to. Needless to say I am not very satisfied with my purchase or Amazon and this will be my final dealings with this company.

After approximately three weeks the phone screen is blank, therefore making it difficult to use the phone. Can't receive or send text messages since you can't see the screen.

My son is very happy with this phone and all its capabilities. It never drops a call, text messaging is flawless and listening to the radio with it is just awesome. I highly recommend this phone to everyone.

hey am hemon mohabir and i would like to request my tracking number please for my item because i realy need it ok.Thank you!

Purchased for my wife, she had dropped her other phone.  She liked this one a lot, found texting easy.  Unfortunately she dropped it in the pool and now I will have to purchase another.

i just wanted a phone to send text messages and call and answer calls and it basically does this with a memory card it can downloades anything even a movie internet work a little fast and that it

I love this phone. I have horrible luck with phones breaking down on me all the time. My latest phone was hand me down from my mom and had tape holding the battery on so really anything is better than that. But this phone is great for me I get great reception in my apartment which I have not had with previous phones. I also tend text more than anything so this phone is awesome for that. I am a collage student so I couldn't afford 200 or 300 bucks on a phone and the price on this was 59.99 and the phone is more than worth the price. So all and all this is a wonderful phone.

This is the worst phone that someone can get!first of all, it turns off by itself randomly, the firmware is completely laggy and no apps for this phone except buying in their roger site, the cam quality although it says 2.0 megapixels it lacks of quality in the photos ...the texting its ok.... i can say the keyboard is good...my advice ... dont buy it...

Good morning,Well I would to know, that this phone do not have wi-fi...The size is perfect to me.Thanks for your interestMargarita Coronel[...]

I was excited about this phone, but disappointed when I got it.  It is so slowing in doing things, i.e. opening texts, sending pics, deleting texts (about a sec per text which takes awhile if you have hundreds).  After a couple months, some of the keys don't work so well.  I have to press hard on the bad keys which slows down the speed of texting.  The pictures store weird and can even get messed up depending on their orientation.  The battery has a very short life.  I charged every other day.  The interface is not always preferable.  It's manageable, though.  If you can deal with waiting a few seconds for the texts to open, remember to delete texts before it fills up, and text at a regular pace to hit some keys nicely, then you can deal with the phone.  You get what you pay for it, but I kinda wish I hadn't bought this one.

Overall its a real good phone. Freezes up when playing music if you receive a message at the same time. But its a good phone a really nice. Texting is so much easier. I've had it for a week and its been good so far. [...] Great service.

this is the worst phone ever, I paid $130 plus tax.. it freezes, turns off by its self, keyboard its too flat... call quality its bad.. honestly do not have anything good to say about this phone.. dont waste your money

I hoped to use this phone outside the USA whilst on my travels but it was a huge disappointment. This unit does not work on GSM networks if you are more than 10kms from a network tower. All other phones i have used in the same areas, with the same SIM card have full bars of the network. I don't know if it just a weak antenna or the AT&T software loaded on the phone.I got 3 units and they all had the same defect. I had even bought one from another provider and it had the same problem.

Good working cheap phone for those who are not into smartphones. You can make your calls, get text messages and mms and even browse websites.

I recived this phone in december 2010, and as an international customer it did not work well for me.Once I started using this phone in my country with my sim card, The AT&T features were blocked.

I'm very upset, buy a LG KS360 and the supplier sent me a LG GT365, be aware when they shop!

Same problem as many of the reviewers here. Phone will just shut off by itself!! Sometimes it just reboots by itself. I'll be sitting at my desk and I'll hear the start-up sound from my belt. The qwerty keyboard is hard to read and half the lights are already out. I've had this phone for only a few months and I hate it.

this is the worst phone i ever had in my life it turns off by itself like every 10 mins

No reception anywhere. It's a piece of crap! Don't buy this phone. This is the worst phone ever, highly overpriced for what it does, which is basically nothing.

I hesitated buying this phone due to all the poor reviews.But with an expensive cell phone carrier phone, with a cracked screen and 9 months left on my contract, I bit the bullet..If you have a SIM card, this should work for you.I have TMobile and it worked immediately.This phone works great, looks fabulous, has extensive features and is definitely worth more than I paid unlocked ($99).Definitely recommend.

I have owned this phone for two years, I have never kept a phone that long!  I've dropped, kicked, moistened, and otherwise abused this phone to the nth degree and it still works great!  The camera and video aren't bad and the texting is easy, overall this phone is a great deal.  I paid under a hundred dollars new for it two years ago so I have well gotten my moneys worth.

Ok so here's the que..I had bought two like this one from this site a pink and white and a black one like this one. The first two i bought works great and they both have the same settings, unlike this one i bought I bluetooth one song to it and it looks like you cant put bluetoothed songs as a ringtone which is a big disappointment, and I actually got this phone for some one, so what am i supose to say when they ty to use a custom song for a ringtone very cheesy.. I wish I never bought it.

This phone isn't intuitive at all.  It functions the way you would expect:  makes and receives calls and has a QWERTY keyboard that slides out to make texting easier.  That said, the keys require a firm push to register and, coming from a Samsung Propel, I thought I would enjoy having a larger keyboard since it slides out horizontally rather than vertically.  But that's not the case.  The keyboard on the Samsung is just much easier to navigate.  This one has a weird process to get to "special" characters and the rest of the menu layout on the phone doesn't make immediate "sense" either.  I give it 3 stars because it works.  But it's not easy or fun.

Perfect for ppl that loves to txt! =]NOt too small, not too big, Pefect size i would say!Had plenty of memory, no need for a memory card! Thats a big thummps up, rite? lOlErbody loved this phone that someone stole it from me a week after i got it, but hey, at least i got to enjoy it! lOl

I had bought this item thinking it was going to be a good phone to use and i payed thinking it was brand new like it mentions and then i payed the price of a brand new item. i got my order and the phone has been used, dropped, and the screen has had some wear. the seller shouldve put used but since the seller put new the item is useless. also the picture of the item that the seller shows is incorrect. the labels on the phone are different and the phone is prepaid but worth the same as a real phone.

I just bought this phone for me, then decided to use it as a gift for my fiancee.This phone is crapy and mostly if  you do not have an internet, more crapy. This phone is a piece of junk. it makes that tick sound that whenever you pressed a button, it has a sound and there is no how you can turn it off. Also,  LG products is not recommended.  With this phone, you can barely hear what the caller is saying unless you used a ear piece or put it on speakerphone.. really i would not recommend this phone. Yes, i read all the reviews before buying this phone , but i thought what the heck, let me give it a try. I am about to return it back to the OEM shop and  get a refund  since i cant find any other phone in their products that attract my eyes.  So, think before you buy, or i will suggest going to a tmobile or the maker of the phone company and check out the phone before purchasing it. REAL TALK.

I would not recommend this phone to anyone.If the intent of purchase is basic phone feature this is not very good as the touch screen is not very friendly. If the intent is to avoid manual entry and to use a touch screen instead,  again, it does not solve the purpose. Having decided to go to a touch screen phone one can as well go to an iPhone or an Android phone.Definitely not worth the price.

I left the phone in my pants pocket and did laundry. It went through an entire wash cycle (spin and all) and it works great! I love this phone!!!

I was very disappointed with this product because I really really wanted it to be as fun as it looked, but through no fault of Amazon's, this particular phone was defective and had to be returned. Amazon made the return easy, and I mailed the return on a Thursday and had my account credited the following Monday! Very impressive!

Bought phone and the following day after receiving the down arrow button started to give problems. It said new but i think its a refurbished phone

I had a cheap, grocery store Nokia before I bought this phone and some days I wish I had never switched. The phone shuts off automatically sometimes, even though the battery is completely full. It freezes quite often when all I want to do is simply send a text message. Sometimes, when I'm typing, the cursor moves up one line (without my help), so my message gets jumbled up. I do like the QWERTY keyboard, other than that. The MP3 Player works well, but I don't use it very often. You can send picture messages, but it doesn't have the high-tech apps that smart phones do. I really wish I hadn't bought this phone.

Phone works fine, though we haven't been able to receive photos.  May be because the phone has AT&T features built-in, but we use Tmobile. It even has the AT&T logo on the phone.  But if you need a replacement phone, but don't want to spend full price or renew your contract with your mobile phone provider, it is a good deal.

This product does not deserve any penny. I bought one for my wife as a gift. When I told her I did, she read some reviews on it, and told me she did not want it. I then took the time to read the reviews, and foud out how bad a choice it was. When I got the item delivered, it was exactly as the reviews said: ugly, very different from the description they made on the web, to anme but a very few. And the other part I did not like was when one representative required me to remove the reason I provided as of why I returned the item in order to process the refund. It is very dishonest. In a nutshell, don't waste your money, buy something else from someone else, you'll regret if buy it from from them.

I have this phone for a little bit over a year now.And I still believe I could stand this phone.PRO:-Love the keyboard! Enjoyed a great time texting!-Pretty neat looking phone, not cheap looking-Easy to work with-A really good choice, IF you are ONLY using it for TEMPORARY-Sound is pretty good for a pre-paid phoneCON:-Wouldn't last PERFECTLY for a year (I GUARANTEE)At first I loved this phone because it was everything I expected, except the vibrate sound scares me, because it sound like this phone could break anytime!Until about half a year, it started to have some minor glitches. Til about a year, this phone started to turn off or freeze randomly, and when you slide the keyboard, the screen wouldn't turn. That's when I started to regret not listening to these reviews... It's BAD for a reason-Can't use ring tones unless they are less than 17 seconds-Only holds up to 500 Messages, can't use memory card to solve the problemI am a big texter, so it's a pretty big disadvantage-Slowwwwwwww-Locked to ATTYou get signals in other countries, but you can't use SIM cards other that ATTAfter using it for more than a year... In conclusion... In most cases... DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

Great service from Amazon. Customer service has been responding to my inquiries in a prompt manner and addressed all my questions and follow ups.  Thanks for the great customer service.

No USB cableNo HeadsetIt's a phone AT&T;Only the calls is touch screenThe best of the phone is the keyboard QWERTY.

It's a great product, I inserted in the phone my sim card and it worked without a problem.The only thing that don't like me is: Hands free and USB cable was not included with the phone, I had to do a different buy to get it.

Le met&iacute; l&iacute;nea movilnet y esta funcionando al pelo... Todo bien para un cel que tiene estas caracter&iacute;sticas!

This phone can be charged all night and still wrong out of battery during the day.  It shuts off by itself, you try to enter a number and it flips out on you.  I have data on my phone plan but with this phone I cannot receive photos with my messages.  I purchased it because my previous phone from AT and T  accidently had soda spilled on it and my contract renews in a couple of months.  I hoped it would just serve as a stand in until I renewed my plan. This phone just makes me appreciate the new one I will be getting even more. :)

it stopped working immediately. it takes more than 5 seconds for any button to respond, and it makes calls randomly. and now the screen doesnt work. i had it for a month never dropped it and i am a very very very dissatisfied customer. this phone has no warranty for a reason - because whoever would not make a profit if they honored a warranty.

I purchased this phone 4 months ago and now it won't even turn on. I have never dropped it and water has never gotten into it. My dad and I tried the battery on other phones and it worked, so it's the phone itself that is messed up.

I bought this phone on here from a really good seller. but this phone is junk. I only get service in the town i live in, not at my house or on my way to work. I went to the att store and they told me LG's are horrible for service reception. I am never buying an LG again.

its look onling nice , but its not good phone , 1) better life is weak2) to much slow  some other resion ,,.

So the first two years of my phone was great. It had occasional times where it would turn off automatically. Yesterday it was on my table and then POOF it was in flames. I didnt buy it from amazon, I bought it from RadioShack the waranty is over but them being RadioShack they didnt replace it even though it bursted into flames. The back melted off but the phone still works! THIS PHONE IS INDESTRUCTIBLE.

Doughtier dropped her phone in the pool, bought this as a replacement phone. Like this one more. So far it's a great phone, no problems. Happy we bought it. Definitely recommend it.

I went from an at&t samsung slider phone with T9, i wanted to get an full keyboard. Although It's nice to have a full keyboard, you can only enter phone numbers when the touch screen is on, that's the only purpose of the touch screen. periodically during a call it will automatically turn to mute, and when ya in the messaging center and sent a message after sent it will return you to the home screen. also periodically i wants to die and not turn on. the battery life sucks!

This cell phone is all I expceted except I am not able to change the ringtone to a different song of my choice.

Definitely not new as stated. Many of the #'s and letters on the keypad don't light up. The #'s on the touch screen are washed out and fuzzy even though the battery is fully charged. I would like this phone if it were functional and new or like new but it is simply not functioning well. I am surprised that it was listed as "New"This is a follow up on my initial review:After using this phone for about a year, I can say it continues to freeze up, turn off randomly, and load slowwwwwly between commands but the worst part is the lag time while texting. It doesn't pick up on the letters being entered, you have to convince the keyboard that yes, you actually typed in an "F" or a "K" etc... Bad  phone. It's been on the shelf for a while. Oh yea, I forgot to mention, after dialing a call you are not actually connected with another person for quite a lag time, you are actually in limbo until they can finally hear you....um...or before you can finally hear them..Thanks for reading my blurb.

I am happy with this purchase so far. The battery life could be a bit longer than what it is, but other than that I am happy with my new phone.

i ordered it, it came in how many ever days it said it would come, it came brand new as it said it would and im enjoying the phone very much.its small, cheap, and very easy to use. there's no new technology to it like android or something, its all the basics on the menu but it's got a full QWERTY keyboard. texting is incredibly easier with this phone and much more enjoyable, its also probably one of the smallest full QWERTY keyboard phones there are,i hope this helped!

I got it i was so excited. i took it out of the box it had every thing. touch useless sucks so much i hate this phone. i switched to verizon they treat u well not this company i quit this company after having them for 9 years rediculies how they treat u i fought them and they dont care
