
This phone was totally not what the description said had nothing but problems with it.  The touch screen didn't work even with the stylus and calls and texts never came through terrible product

CRAPPY-CUTS OFF AT LEAST 17 TIMES A DAY DO NOT BUY IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO...RETURNING MY PHONE AS WE SPEAK

So after owning this phone for about 2 months the keyboard just up and quit on me. So I had to use the screen to type out message which was fine but the keyboard was a selling point of the phone. The Operating System tends to have lots of lag and after owning it for about 6 months there we so many glitches on this phone It was nearly unusable. The features on it are neat which is the only reason why it got a 3 star rating but without them it would have taken an easy 1. I do not recommend this phone though because you can get better ones for less

If you want to spend your money on something that doesn't work, is out dated and difficult to set up... this is the phone for you.  You would be better off going to a local Sprint Store and buying a referbished smart phone from them for about the same price.

Phone looks to be new, but the box, wall charger and even directions appears to be aftermarket. The stylus is not included, but I did research before my purchase and it was supposed to come with one. Be careful when removing the back cover because its cheap thin plastic and will break easy. Speaker phone is really low. Overall its A nice phone for the price but i would have never paid the 300+ the phone went for 4 years ago.

I GUESS I WONT BE BUYING THIS PHONE...WOW THE REVIEWS ARE VERY HELPFUL IN DECIDING YA OR NAY...I ORDERED THE SAMSUNG RANT FOR A FRIEND  OF MINE AND THE ONLY COMPLAINT HE HAD ON IT WAS WHEN YOU SLIDE IT OPEN FOR THE KEY BOARD ONLY HALF OF IT LIGHTS UP...AT LEAST AMAZON STANDS BEHIND THEIR PRODUTS IF YOU SEND THEM BACK..

would have loved the phone in an earlier decade im all set in 2013. i hope i can get my money back

First let me say this review is based on my experience but I've heard similar reviews.  The product never allowed me to power it on, I couldn't charge it with the wrong charger which arrived with the phone.  I wanted to like but there just wasn't anything to like about this product.

Thank you for the quick shipping, I hated this phone, The internet didn't hardly work, I was never able to use the gps, my phone would just turn itself off and on all on its own and I had a hard time getting it to turn back on.

It has fallen from my hands to the table (I was seated having dinner) and the screen has broken. No resistance

I did not like this phone I had problems with it after three days of using and had to return it I do not recommend purchasing this item !!!!

HORRIBLE CELL PHONE! DO NOT GET! I HAD IT FOR A DAY AND THE NEXT I DROPPED ON GRASS...AND STOPPED WORKING! DO NOT LOSE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CHEAP *ISHH!!

This phone absolutly sucks, the phone is completly out of date, i had the phone for one day and the touchscreen didnt work, this phone sucks and i would not reccommend it to anyone

this was a good phone but the glitches started to be crazy, it would call people and Dial randomly the lag is cruel and it will break no doubt about it soon

I rather be phoneless then to have to use this phone.  I was looking for something not too expensive didn't have to have any features, thought I thought the full keyboard would be nice.  The keyboard's key are hard and close together plus phone doesn't stay illuminated long enough to finish text message.  Dont buy it a flip phone would be a billion times better.

When I bought this, I thought it had a sim card slot but as it turned out, it does not have at all. So I used it as a little compiuter.

The phone is nice and small... I bought it for my brother and he was confused at first but now he say's he really like the phone. The phone is 2 years old but he liked it.

The product was awful, but the seller did refund my money after sending 2 replacements that also did not work.

I bought that phone for one of my friendsAnd he said it was very goodThe sipping time take longer than I expect,But it's ok

The phone had some text messages from prior use.  I had to delete these and who knows what else was in here cause the phone barely works properly.  Either the windows OS just sucks or there was some severe damage to the phone cause it barely works other than the basic calling feature.

this phone sucks it freezes a lot and it heats up very quickly and not to mention it dies very fast and i hate it!

Purchase two, one of the two was broken.The sprint store advised this is old technology.The item is bulky and my second phone gave out within 6-7 months.

This is my first smart phone and I have to say that I'm very satisfied with it; the only hiccup is that it's a little slow at times. But other than that I love it for being my first smart phone!

Only thing that works is calling and text msgs.after taking the phone into sprint and doing all possible updates internet only works on wifi and you can't send pictures.this is a phone issue sprint says after all the work they did at the tech center

Customer made to assume product  is useable.. In this case ...it is not !  Sprint said  they are not able to activate. Sprint said Product  is  outdated.. ! I would reallyask  Amazon  to  insist  on sellers  of products like that..to make sure they can be used,, What is the purpose of buying a product  you cannot use.  I would like a refund please!

good phone and good price. it is reliable and it makes me happy. it was for sure a good purchase for me.

I Didnt really used it for that long but,It was an Ok phone for the price i paid for..!!! Ok

I bought the phone it was clean and functional,after a week battery will not charge,when I took it to sprint they no longer carry a charger for ,basicly I have a phone that I can't use.

I bought this phone to replace my old one and thought it would be good because it was a windows phone, but boy was I wrong! I should have paid more attention to the other comments on this one. When I tried to charge it the charger they sent with the "new" phone didn't even fit it. Don't waste the time or money on this one.

great features came in before estimated delievery date i cant complain i reccomed this phone to every one and it even comes with a sytlist pen it has a business look its great

Very bad phone, the back looked taped. It only lasted 4 months and now i have to replace it. The touch screen is very slow and doesn't properly go to the right buttons.

The part you plug the charger in was bent. So I could never charge the phone. Tried several time the took phone to Sprint stores would cost more to repair phone than necnssary

Touch screen not fully responsive, phone works by itself deciding on which applications to use. total reset does not work. screen is flimsy

I broke my evo and had to get a replacement to hold me over because I did not want to use my upgrade since the iPhone 5 will be released soon.  Phone is dated which was to be expected.  It's a windows based phone that lacks a lot of functionality. I would not recommend it as a long term phone for anyone.

THE PHONE NO LONGER CHARGES. SO I REPLACED THE CHARGER AND THAT WASN'T THE PROBLEM IT'S THE PHONE SO I HAD TO BUY ANOTHER ONE.

I would go with no star but had to rate to write,I purchased this phone for my son,It Was Supposed to be &#34;New&#34; as advertised...When I recieved it The battery cover was cracked ,the phone is&#34;Used&#34;!!

I will never purchase this phone again, it was to small, the charger it came with had a short in it and the phone overall SUCKS!!! I will never order from this company again EVER!!!!

When I first got it I thought it was great because it was touch screen AND had a keyboard. But once I started using it, it sucked. My internet didn't work so I took it to sprint and they said since the phone was so old there was no point in paying for the internet since it would be slow. The phone in general is slow. The only good thing about this phone is the quality of the pictures. But that's it. I'm ordering a new phone off amazon until I get my upgrade in February.

Although the product did not work and I had to send the product back, I did get my money back.

the cell was 100% charged and after not being used for less than 4hrs the cell died anyways. i have downloaded ringtones and none of them have been put into ringtones in cell

i broke my phone and i needed a replacement so i got this one and it does well oohhh and go with what you want k ?

I got this phone for my sister. When we went to the provider to activate it on the plan we have, they worked and worked with it. First of all, they said the calibration was way off. Second you could type for instance a 2 and 5 would come up. The same applied to the letters. I was so embarrassed and disgusted.

Had it for a month, went to play a youtube video and it just crashed, I don't like the phone anyways it is a pain to use if you have large hands and fingers.

It was in good shape and shipping was fast. It had a great screen and was easy to operate. I enjoyed using it for the time I had it.

The phone was a gift and got stolen before I could enjoy all the features so I can not give a full review.

I received the Sprint HTC Touch Pro phone and had Sprint transfer  my phone # to it. The phone worked but the volume was low on calls. Took the phone to Sprint to see if we were doing something wrong or if updating its program could fix the low volume problem. Sprint informed me there was a bad circuit in it and it coulden't be repaired.Amazon did return my money, thank you Amazon.

phone is ok it was new but since ive had it its been giving me nothing but problems it acts up text messages says im texting in year of 1995 to 2018 trynna get online be crazy websites im normally getting on this phone wont go on etc its alot of negative then positive with this phone to me wasnt worth my money but i suck up my lost seeing its a 2008 phone i guess

Wish the phone was new as advertised and not a refurb.  While looking in the set-up it displays the refurb date.  Phone looks nice and seems to function somewhat normal.  It does however not have the capability to connect to any tower faster than edge speeds.

pretty good phone slow at times but does supply my needs all i need is a phone that i can text and call and this is which helps that.

The reason i ordered the phone was to use it on straight talk but found out it is not compatibile and i returned the phone.

It's a good phone at a great price. It's an older phone, but it works really well, and it's great for a person who likes to have their day planned. It is a bit complicated, but I quickly learned how to do basic things just by messing around with it.

I had a blackberry prior to this phone and this one sucks. It's hard to navigate and screen is small. There's also not very many apps out there for Windows compared to the Androids.
