
the phone work great even on extreme condition perfect for outdoor workerSo you can drop it anytime and it still work

The owner's manual is incorrect on how to set the 18 speed dials on your Samsung GT-B2100i phone (and possibly Xplorer and other versions of the B2100), so here's how you do it;1. With the phone on, press the right "Contacts" soft key.2. Press the right side of the navigation key twice (the big chrome, square button at the pot of your key pad). This brings you "Favourites".3. Scroll down using the navigation button to any "Not Assigned" numbered slot you want to assign and press the left soft key "ASSIGN". This will allow you to scroll through your contacts and pick the one you want to assign in that slot.Let me know if you need more help.

Too small numbers ,not easy to use, even you put the volume high, it is still difficult to hear. it does seem to have a speaker.

We have had this phone for three years and it a great basic phone. No text, no web, 100% pure phone. It has a great flashlight that we use every day. It is water proof and is tough enough to drop and not break.

In general, this phone is tough, but not if you drop the screen directly on a pointed rock! It is a very basic phone that holds up to most other abuse.

This phone is great for talking in the shower. No speaker-phone and REALLY bad reception. I dropped it and it fell apart.

It is a nice phone but i never could get it to work with my AT&T go phone sim card. It said sim card crash. The sim card worked ok in my nokia that came with the sim card. I took it to the AT&T store here and they said that those phones dont work in the US. The manual was only in some undetermined language. ( Turkjekistan) maby. Anyway i sent it back but since i didnt have a return sticker i was stuck with the return postage $10.00+. I now have a Rugby2 go phone from AT&T. Though it costs twice as much, it works, and thats the bottom line.

Just what my wife needed. She is brutal. This phone is small and light, it not however slim. Not that I expected that. It is easy to operate as a basic phone, which is all my wife needs. I swapped the SIM from her previous ATT phone to this one and it immediatly worked as expected, with all her contacts in place. Due to the frequent replacement of phones and unexpected failures I have always kept her contacts on the sim card, I make sure to get it replaced every few years so that we have a current version of the ATT SIM card. We do not use the phones internal memory for anything. And it was available in red, which is her favorite color. And it has a flash light. The keys are rubber on a one piece mold, however they stick up like individual keys, and have a reasonable tactile feedback. In my house the previous Samsung phone got only 1 or 2 bars signal, and seemed to have trouble staying connected to the network, however, that may have been a symptom of impending failure. The new phone gets 3 bars or more and does not drop any calls. I am pretty happy with this purchase. Also, this keeps me out of contracts with ATT, which I prefer.

Phone has a nice appearance and feel, but a cumbersome operating system. Trying to place a call can take 3 or4 clicks on the Select button and there is no volume control on the ring. The charger supplied with the phone was a non US type with a cheap US adapter which didn't work, making it necessary to purchase a new charger adding $27.00 US to the cost. Bottom line: I like the looks and feel of the phone, but would be much happier with something else.Unlocked Samsung Xplorer B2100 Solid Extreme Anti-Shock Waterproof Quad-Band Phone Red -International version with Embedded Flashlight

as advertised, quick shipping, seems to be solid, bought this one because wife drowned her other phone, flashligh is a neat plus

quiero decir que mi samsung xplore b2100 es muy bueno que todas mis expectativa con respecto a al samsung fuero positiva si es como me lo describieron y estoy muy contenta se lo recomiendo a todos.

basic unlocked GSM Quad band phone. I've used it in England, Spain, France, and Germany. Plain and simple, easy to use, takes sim cards.

Arrived on time. I would have given 5 stars except the manual was not in English and the charger was for European plugs with a US adapter so it sticks out of the wall to far for my liking. Otherwise, this is a good no frills phone at a good price.

I have been looking for a decent phone that is rugged and could replace my extremely old Nokia 5210. I've had three phones since the old girl, but nothing that could live up to its reliability. This Samsung fits the hole in my pocket that the 5210 left behind. Plenty of people have described the phone and its features in detail, so I'll just add a couple nitpicks.1. Buy the USB data cable. It should come with the phone but doesn't. It both charges the phone and allows access to any items on your memory card and internal memory.2. Samsung menus and browsing around the phone isn't up to par as the old Nokia system.3. There is no way to turn predictive text on by default when composing a message. Before you start typing you have to hold the * button. Come ON!Other than that it is a great phone. My positives:1. Good call quality2. Battery life good3. Flashlight brighter than some purpose built LED flashlights I own.4. I can add my own mp3s for ring tones.5. Can record radio - wtf!?Overall I'm happy. Not Five star happy but a solid Four.

Bought this for my wife as she has slippery fingers and she's gone through a phone or two breaking from a fall.This little phone doesn't do many fancy things, but it is indeed durable.You drop it all the time, submerge it under water, use it as a baby's toy? No problem! This phone can take itI would recommend it to anyone who has issues with today's fragile smart phones or to take it out on the rough road.

The warranty card and the instructions were in Serbian, Croatian, and Macedonian. No one has been able to find any English instructions or warranty. No way to evaluate the device w/o instructions.

This phone is perfect if you don't need the frills, and it's pretty rugged, I've used it for a month with no complaints

I bought this phone for a month-long trip to Europe. Here in US it worked great with an ATT sim card, and in Europe I bough a Vodafone card. The charger my phone came with is intended for European system, in US one needs an adapter.The phone was quite convenient, once I landed in Detroit I just replaced the Vodafone sim with the ATT sim.This handset is really sturdy and, if the port cover is in its place, waterproof ( I can vouch for that...). Setup is not a problem, the menus are simple and intuitive (wherever other people might say). There's an embedded led that serves as a flashlight, and it functional not just and added gimmick. But first you have to unlock the phone to use it, which prevent accidental battery discharge.I would recommend this handset to anyone who needs a sturdy and functional basic phone for international travel.

No instructions in EnglishI bought the phone to use on a business trip to China since it has SIM card and my Verizon Droid X2 does not; however, when I received text messages in simplified Chinese it consisted only of little squares.  Phone works well, but only as a phone.

Purchased for use traveling overseas. Used it several times and I like it. Simple phone, but if that is all you need then this will fit the bill. Just to note, if you want to change the ring tone you have to create a profile to set it to, didn't figure this out until after returning from it's first trip when I needed a louder ring tone. Easily carried in pocket.

I bought my 2100 2 years ago and it has held up well. I am a commercial fisherman who works out in all kinds of weather.  I have washed it twice and it still worked.  The little "flap that covers the charging/headphone port has broken off and the holder for the micro SD card has also broken off, both my fault, but neither of these has affected the phones use or performance.  It's a very tough basic phone that is great for calling and texting.  The price is great.  I am replace it with the 2710 soon, because it has a built in GPS and a slightly better camera.If you just need a basic phone that is very very tough, the 2100 is a good fit.

I bought this phone purely to use as a dumb phone on international trips, and it met my needs. The phone should work anywhere in the world where there is GSM service (i.e., virtually everywhere). The call quality is all right, and the phone can withstand a lot of physical abuse. It apparently has some capabilities for web connection, but it's really not well suited for that purpose (or texting,for that matter). The earphones use a proprietary Samsung plug, so it's not adaptable to your own listening devices. The power plug is a European 2-prong, and the US adapter provided with the phone was too loose, but a better adapter cost only a few dollars. You can download an English language manual here:  [...] In summary, it's a good phone for making and receiving calls outside the US, but don't expect much more from it.

This is a really basic phone but it is tough.  I lost the phone and after running around all over town looking for it at the places I had been, I found it in my driveway in some leaves. That was the good news, the bad news was that I had run over it at least once while coming and going.  The screen is cracked and it was off, but when I took out the battery and put it back in, it fired right up.  I have to say that I am impressed.  I don't know how long it will continue with the screen damage, so I am planning on ordering another one  just like it and putting this one in a drawer for phone emergencies.

I bought it because a paddle every week and I wanted it just in case of emergency. went underwater several times.It does funny things afterwards, but I learnt to solve it by using a hair dried over it for a while.Very strongly built!

I decided to pass on this phone due to its lack of a micro USB charging capability. All of my family's devices now use chargers that utilize a micro USB connector. We can keep one type of USB cord or charger for all devices at home, work or in vehicles and no longer have to look for a proprietary connector for any  of our devices which has simplified life!

Most of the criticisms about this phone are justified.  It is clunky, the menu system is obsolete, the screen is small and it is a European version.  If you are looking for a smartphone this is not for you.  However, if you want a phone that will take abuse and keep working this is the best I have found.  I have been using mine for 3 years on a island in the Pacific Ocean.  It gets soaked daily with sweat, rain and salt spray and has never failed.  Most electronics around here last about a year even if you don't get them wet.  If you want an inexpensive, tough, phone this is the only reasonable choice.  Even the US military contingent here uses them. Others saw my phone and wanted one like it.  Now there are about a dozen around the island, including with the governor.  The only failure was one that was bad out of the box.  More people are asking me to bring them "a phone like you have" from the US.  I paid $130 for mine and current price is an incredible bargain.  The speaker is surprisingly loud for music playback.  The SD slot allows these things to double as a music player.  Headphone jack is the non-standard Samsung jack and you need to use headphones(included) for the radio.  This phone is the only one I would consider if I needed another rugged, water resistent, phone(never dropped it in the ocean so can't verify that it is waterPROOF).  My advice is to get it if you value having a phone that works for telephone calls and text under extreme conditions over playing games and a slick interface.  Buy an adapter that changes the charger prongs from European round to US flat for about $2.  (Sometimes the adapter comes with the phone.)  If you can't figure out the menus or how to get it to English, find an 8-year old child to help you.  I will be taking another half dozen back with me from the US for islanders.  By the way, the sister-phone, the Samsung B2710, is not nearly as rugged or water resistent, although it has a nicer screen and keyboard.

"HassleFree" sold me a Samsung B2100 quad band phone, which I kept in the box past its return deadline. My fault there. It worked fine for almost a week. Then, it stopped, and while it got power, wouldn't go beyond a flashing "B2100" on the screen, as others on other sites have reported. I tried to return it to HassleFree, which refused. Some review this phone positively here and elsewhere, although the problem I encountered is also reported. "HassleFree" never responded to my request to at least exchange the phone. All I can provide is a cautionary tale to test this phone within deadline. I missed the deadline, but, in fact, "HassleFree" delivered a defective device without consequence. When it worked, the phone offered fine old-fashioned texting (multiple hits on a key for some letters), and a number of clicks to get where you want to go. Great flashlight. Mediocre camera, but a camera nonetheless. Feels good in the hand, but buttons on the side can inadvertently activate things you may not want activated when you pick it up. It would be fine for minimalists who want a phone and to send very concise texts traveling. Amazon will NOT cover the cost of this phone through its guarantee, and "HassleFree" refused a return and doesn't respond to an exchange request. So, I'm out costs for a defective phone. Not an easy lesson to learn, but encourages me to not only check Amazon items promptly, but also to be more careful where and how I shop.

Overall I am pretty satisfied with this phone. In the age of hand held, everything at your finger tips, smart phones, it's hard to find something that will take the abuse that I'm going to dish out.  I don't plan on submerging the phone. I live in the rainy NW, and I commute by bike everywhere so the water proof/resistance gives me piece of mind that if I drop it in a puddle (or toilet) it will survive. The phone is very sturdy and seems to be holding up after a month of use and doesn't feel like it's going to shatter if I drop it on the floor. The operating system is pretty easy to get used too.  I like past samsung phone operating systems, and I have had a real problem with some phones, but this one works out find. I have not used the phone to store or listen to music, and I don't really plan too. The camera is pretty nice for a brick phone, at least better than expected.My only real complaint is that the buttons are very sturdy therefore hard to push. Especially the middle select key between the direction buttons. Sometimes I will have to press several times. Also the phone is a little slow to respond and I will end up double "clicking" because it takes longer than my impatient mind handles.  But I am slowly working out my kinks to get used to the phone.  Overall I really enjoy this device.

I purchased this phone for an extra line I have for when my mother in law visits. She lives out of country so we give her this line for her to use. The phone has basic features but it is small enough to carry and rugged enough to withstand splash of water and  drops here and there. The call quality was great and battery is great. The phone is basic, the screen is bright enough for daylight and the keys easy to use.

The phone works well.  The speaker is very loud when turned up to the max, which is great for the hearing-impaired.  Everything functions as expected except maybe the Bluetooth.  I haven't been successful syncing up the Bluetooth to a hands-free device which other phones have done successfully.  The manual was in Romanian or some foreign language but it was easily found online in English.Read some reviews that the keyboard was not user-friendly but found quite the opposite.  Even though the keyboard is one piece to protect against water, the keys are easy to click correctly even with my fat fingers.One irritation: when checking messages the inbox does not display the number of messages, so you have to open it to see if there are any.  It does alert you when messages arrive, though.All in all, I'm very happy with the phone.  Hope to figure out the Bluetooth configuration soon.

I work as a dive instructor, and I have lost count of the cell phones that have either been 'drowned' or salt damaged in the past 6 years since I started my business.This phone is awesome, it's waterproof as long as the port that covers the battery charging access is firmly in place, so if it should 'go for a swim it's much more likely to survive. My phone has already had a couple of water encounters that would have killed lesser phones.The unit is sealed so I don't have to worry about using it with salty / dirty / oily hands as it can be rinsed off. The case fits nicely in the hand, and the keys are good size.I would recommend this phone for boating, dirty or wet out door pursuits, and even mechanics and other folks involved in jobs where your phone is likely to get mucky!The battery has a pretty good life. The phone also has a torch, the only thing that it lacks is a bottle opener!So impressed am I that I have bought additional phones for my staff / business.

I got it for my mother in law when she left US for India, and we wanted to get in touch with while she is in transit. I installed AT&T simcard, activated world roaming. It worked fine in US, worked in UK, and finally in India. Now she is using this phone with Vodafone sim card, and its working like a charm. I liked its weather proof construction, but the speaker quality leaves you with much to be desired.

I have bought three of these phones on different occaisions, and have had no problems using them in Jamaica. Call quality is exceptional with digicel or lime. Phone features are great, ease of use, fm reception great, imbedded flashlight exceptionally bright and useful,camera also great. Waterproof rugged and overall an excellent oudoor cell.RECOMMEND!!!!!!

Simple phone that does the job in all weather conditions.  I'm not worried about moisture leaking into the phone, or having it tossed around.  Quad band gives me great reception for my phone carrier.

This is a good, tough, basic phone.  Do not buy it if you want to surf the web or have all the bells and whistles, it's pretty basic.Due to the water proofing, it's very hard to get the battery door open.  I'm not downrating it much because of this because I rarely if ever need to take the battery out, but they could have put a grip on there or something.

This a great phone for the money I am not one to use the modern day smart phone I wanted a phone that could take the abuse of a working man. It was cheaper and better built than any phone offered from my provider.I had no problems with getting it to work,the instructions are in german but I looked on-line and got all the answers I needed.

I bought this phone because I travel for work to unpredictable places where you need your phone working. I am in Haiti right now and the phone is working perfectly. Back in the states I use an AT&T; sim in it and it works fine. Here, I popped a DigiCell sim in and no problemo. Phone calls and texting work without a problem.I cover multiple countries from Haiti to Sudan to Pakistan all in different time zones and their is a world clock application that let's me know the time in those places as I scroll through. It's got the other standard applications such as converter (currency, time, temp, etc...), alarm clock and timer, calendar, etc... The flashlight is strong and use it often.I am used to the Nokia set up, so the Samsung is taking a little getting used to going through the menu.I purchased all the peripherals so I can charge it on the go or when there is no wall outlet. The battery life is strong. I have been here one week and still have two bars. So far, looks good. Works well. A good travel phone.

found instructions to resolve issue for sending/receiving mms messages at tmobile.HOME > SUPPORT > PHONES AND DEVICES > SAMSUNG > SAMSUNG PHONES > DISCUSSIONSConfiguration error Samsung B2100.here's the discussion:post by dogfish:Ok i bought this phone unlocked ,its old school but dustproof and water resistent ,I cant send photos Ive tried a few different mms settings buthave not hit a working one , MMS profile prompts are Name,home url,bearer,proxy,address,port, dns1, dns2  with two other fillins for grps and gsm setting anyone have any suggestions?post by pillar:1. Jul 30, 2011 11:24 AM (in response to dogfish)Helpful AnswerRe: Configuration error Samsung B2100Try this.WAP Settings:1. Select Menu2. Select Settings3. Select Connections4. Select Profiles5. Select Create6. Profile name: T-Mobile7. Homepage URL: [...]8. IP address: Blank9. Access name: epc.tmobile.com10. Select Save11. Select T-Mobile and Set to DefaultMMS Settings:1. Select Menu2. Select Messages3. Select Settings4. Select Multimedia Messages.5. Select Profiles6. Select Create7. Profile name: T-Mobile MMS8. Access Name: epc.tmobile.com9. Auth Type: Normal10. Homepage URL: [...]11. Proxy Address: Blank12. Linger Time: 30013.Select Save.14.Select T-Mobile MMS and Set to Default.post by bikebrainiac:2. Nov 5, 2011 5:46 AM (in response to dogfish)Re: Configuration error Samsung B2100I have the same Samsung B2100 phone with the same issue.  I receive a "configuration error" when trying to send or receive MMS messages.  SMS works fine, phone works fine.  Fields in the MMS profile are the same listed above in Dogfish's post:Home URL:Bearer:  choices are GRPS only, GRPS Frist, GSM First and GSM OnlyProxy: choices are ON or OFFAddress: current 0.0.0.0Port: 8080 is listed as defaultDNS1: current 0.0.0.0DNS2: current 0.0.0.0post by bikebrainiac:3. Nov 30, 2011 11:12 AM (in response to bikebrainiac)Helpful AnswerRe: Configuration error Samsung B2100Got it figured out.  No thanks to Tmobile either in the States or Europe.  This phone is supported in Europe so not sure what the big deal was.  Cust service refused to help me as it was an "unsupported phone."  Turns out all that I needed was the IP address, which should be universal.So to piggy back onto PILAR's advice, I addred the IP address to the address field as follows:216.155.165.50I am now good to go with sending and receiving MMS messages.Thanks!end of discussion.i just followed instructions for MMS SETTINGS including the last post (bikebrainiac) that says ADDED IP ADDRESS 216.155.165.50 to the address fieldand it worked!.pros:waterproof - tested by leaving in 1 foot of water for about 15 minutes.drop proof - dropped accidentally and still works.has fm radio. not yet tested.takes videos/photos.ordered from open group wireless via amazon and came with u.s. adapter for charging.cons:battery life seems short. full charge down to half at 4-5 days.manual is in russian. had to get english manual from samsung website.hard to find info how to set phone to send/receive picture messages.nice durable basic phone.

IM VERY HAPPY WITH MY NEW PHONE, THANK SO MUCUnlocked Samsung Xplorer B2100 Solid Extreme Anti-Shock Waterproof Quad-Band Phone Red -International version with Embedded FlashlightH.

The phone is durable, looks the same as the picture, is in obviously new condition, has a pretty sweet remake of Pong pre-loaded (and some trial games), and I only have to charge it once every 6-7 days.  It works with a TKS (German T-Mobile) SIM card, so the international aspect is true, and I like the pre-loaded ringtones.

I have given up on the &#34;Smart phone&#34; craze.  'Droid phones are too easily hacked and I grew tired of reading how identities were being stolen.  With this phone, that is not a problem.  It is a basic phone that allows you to make a telephone call.  Pure communication.  The phone is unlocked so you can use AT&T; or T-Mobile in this country, or, if you go to almost any other country on the planet just purchase a sim and you can talk cheaply using local cell service.  You can receive text messages but the sending is slow and laborious.  It has web &#34;capabilities&#34; but I am not spending the time or the money to find out what they are.In short, I wanted a basic cell phone that allowed me to make and receive crystal clear calls (at least it does with T-Mobile).  This phone does that, plus it has a built in flashlight, FM radio, and is built to last.

This is a great phone, it has anything that you want.  This is the second phone that I buy because the first was stolen. The price is right.

Used this in Central America, with different SIM cards in each country, Honduras (Tigo service), Nicaragua (Moviestar system), El Salvador (Tigo), Guatemala (Claro).  No problems whatsoever.

i am a construction workeri used to buy wimpy flip phonesthey would junk after 6 monthsthis phone is not afrade of dirtwater or droppingon the groundthe light is very usefull

Tough phone.  Very good reception and rugged without being too intrusive.  The only thing you have to get used to is the lock button when answering the phone.

One thing is it won't accept picture messages on ATT in the US, but can find solutions online. It is an overall good product. It does what it&#8217;s supposed to and does it well. No complaints, it showed up on time, is good quality, and packaging was sufficient.

Amazing phone. Rugged, strong. Don't have to worry about it break down due to fall or water. Highly recommend for teens.

I love this phone, keeping in mind it is what it is, a basic phone. Maintains great connection, works like a champ in the Philippines and China by simply installing a country specific sim card and carrier. Volume is good, connects easily with Bluetooth and has some good features. I am even able to sync my MS Office Outlook address book, calendar and notes by simply downloading software from Samsung's support website. Don't buy this phone if you are wanting a smart phone or multi-media phone, it's just a very well done basic phone.Pros: Solid performance, feels sturdy when holding it, small enough to put in your pocket, great MP3 player, menus are easy to navigate, bios can be flashed from Samsung's support website. Holds all personal data even if battery is removed except time and date.  All in all, this phone does everything it should do for its type and is definitely a very rugged phone which is perfect for me.Cons: Only thing I can think of is that I have to update the date and time when the battery is removed. Instruction manual is in Russian, (LOL!) but is easily downloaded from Samsung's website.One additional comment, never order anything if it isn't available through Amazon's fulfillment department, you can rest easy you're getting great service, an actual new phone not a reconditioned one that is advertised as new or an open box item.

This is a replacement for my first B2100. The B2100 is a very goo, tough phone. My first one (lost to car theft) had very good battery life. Battery lasted for several days when off.This particular one I got has lousy battery life. Dies quick even when left OFF. Seller also sent be a black one, when I ordered the red one.

my friends have given my phone a nick-name, indestructa-phone.  because I routinely abuse it doesn't even get effected.  I drop it, sometimes even throw it at the ground, it's still in perfect condition.  I even used it as a skipping stone a couple of times!  Thanks Samsung for making such a durable phone.  If you are thinking about it, buy it, you won't be disappointed.Things I do with this phone-charge it like once a week. (that's how long the battery lasts)-shower with it-listen to music while showering-throw it at people/things-texting and phone calls are clear-use it as a hand flash light!I don't have any complaints.

Works great, dropped it a couple times too, thanks for the rubber bumpers...sound is excellent, but the ringtone could be a bit louder

Just received my phone and can not charge it. I live in Mexico... Should be listed as European Version not International Version because it arrived with only a Euro Plug.....Should have a universal plug for charging.

drop it in the water still works perfect after one year and somewill buy again if needed not any time soon

Bought this telephone for  my Dad, who leaves overseas.  Works great and the sound has a great quality, it is also shocker resistant.  Very pleased with it.  Highly recommended.

Watch out for this phone it over heated in my pocket now it has static. I have to reboot it more and more. Can't send it back !. Phone was a gift so no receipt.  @. don't have box so I can't send it back.

The Samsung B2100 is a decent phone, and feels good in the hand. I found it difficult to get up and running though. For example, there was no advice on how to migrate an address book from SIM card to phone--the automaticity I was used to just wasn't there. The menus are a bit clunky to move around, but speed dial and short cuts help. The one annoying thing is that the middle selector button immediately connects you to the WAP application and there is no way I have found to change this option. Also, you need to re-configure Time/Date every time you take the battery out--more annoyance. Texting is awkward, and voice slightly muffled, due to the phone's waterporoofing. Forget about using this mobile for Internet browsing--this is NOT a multimedia phone. The flashlight and voice recorder features are very useful, but the radio and music player less so because of the poor jack cover design--see below.Pluses: a really tough phone. Hardware design wise, the only real failing is the flimsy multifunction jack cover, which swings downwards and slightly out, making it vulnerbale to a knock from your hand. The camera works okay, and it is possible to take good snaps in certain conditions. With only 1.3 megapixels picture quality is not great though. Videos also turn out rough. But the reason you buy this phone is for its ruggedness, most particularly the waterproofing. Don't expect much more from it. You can adequately call, text and take snaps in harsh and challenging environments. Therefore, the B2100 is a good choice for manual workers, travellers, fisherpeople etc. If you want multimedia, or any kind of slickness, don't buy this phone.Update: I've been using the Samsung B2100 for a while now and the thing that has come to bother me most is the terrible menu/function design. You have to take so many actions to achieve the simplest of tasks. Dreadful. On the other hand, my copy is still working and can definitely take a knock. Overall, not an everyday phone but handy for rough and tumble situations.

Great simple phone!! small, durable, waterproof, and dependable!  If you want a durable phone that is dependable this is your phone.

I bought this phone for my trip to London and Paris. I had a Vodafone sim card delivered to my hotel, and then bought a top up card at one of the markets. 15 top up with 100 free international minutes!! This was a much better deal, and way more convenient than a phone card. This phone had a great signal strength, and even in a dead zone at my house in the US I get a strong signal!!! The menu options are a little confusing. The phone is durable, and the built-in led flashlight is super bright! Very happy with this purchase, and highly recommend this phone to anyone traveling abroad!...just remember to dial 00 before the number to call home!

This is a very good and solid phone.  Keep in mind it is not intended to be a full featured smart phone.  Its strengths are being rugged and working with SIM cards from global providers.  It does that very well.  My SIM that I use when traveling outside the USA works perfectly with having to configure things, as does my T-Mobile when in the USA.The speaker-phone easily picks up the noise that is around you so I do have to keep that in mind more than previous phones I've had.  The battery life is good.  I have happily recommended this phone to friends that do a lot of traveling and want a rugged unit.
