
Since this is my first touch-screen phone, I'll try to go easy on the negatives. Per the heading, only 10% of its operational characteristics, am I classifying as annoying.I had the first version of the enV before, so am familiar with the Qwerty keyboard. I don't text -- but find it invaluable for making notes and such.Since I haven't had this all THAT long, I guess I'm still getting used to the touch(y) aspects of the screen. What I love about the phone is the multitude of ways to personalize it, and to be able to organize shortcuts -- by not having to wade through too many category sub-headings. The camera takes very good pictures and features several "real camera" options for assuring the best possible result. Battery usage is fairly good. But beware... it's the CAMERA & video portion that drain the battery the fastest!!I'm not into ringtones that much, and feel that the choices offered are quite adequate. One BIG gripe however, is that since the speakers are on the inside (only accessible by exposing the keyboard)-- I'm finding it a challenge to locate a ringtone which is loud enough to hear, with the phone closed, and neatly tucked into the (inside) cell pocket of a winter jacket! My other phones have been easier to hear when ringing. Naturally if you use a bluetooth, it doesn't matter. And, when the weather warms, and the phone can be more easily carried on the belt or in a shirt pocket, this will be less of an issue.My other gripe concerns the touch screen, and scrolling. When going through contacts to either edit entered info or just locate someone, the scrolling method can be frustrating. This is also true when selecting ringtones. Many times when attempting to find an appropriate ring, you'll either speed past the one you want, or when flicking your finger to initiate the scroll-- it'll select the one your finger briefly rests on. Launching items from the favorite tab on the main screen has taken time to get used to. In this area, I believe sensitivity can be set to a more custom level.Verizon's requirement to purchase data usage for $10 a month was somewhat annoying too. But it seems that's the norm for most of these phones. Especially the "smart phones" -- of which this is not.Basically that's where I stand with this phone. 5 stars -- translating into a 9/10.

The phone is fantastic, really great, except for two things you HAVE TO KNOW.  There is no outer speaker, and ring tones (even set to full volume, and edited to be louder) are VERY quiet, I miss almost all my calls.There are only about 20 applications.  The phone is marked as an app-friendly phone but it is simply not.

I've never had a phone misbehave as much as this one.  It shuts off unprovoked at least once a day...I think one day it shut off 10 times!  Sometimes it happens when I close it, sometimes when I'm switching between apps, sometimes it's when someone calls, sometimes when it's in my pocket, and sometimes it's just sitting out on my desk and it shuts off.  Imagine your phone starts to ring but then it shuts off...the call doesn't register as a missed call and the person doesn't leave a message.  It's like the phone hates me, so I hate it back.  It's the most frustrating experience.I cannot count the number of calls I've missed or the number of texts that have been delayed due to this phone. I went to Verizon to complain, so they upgraded my software, but that didn't help at all.  I know 2 people who have the same issues with it, but I also know 1 person who didn't know what I was talking about.  I can't explain it, but if 75% of the people I know hate it, that's enough for me to realize there's something seriously wrong with this phone.

My primary complaint with this phone is that it will randomly shut off.  Sometimes during calls, sometimes while sitting in my pocket.  And it isn't because I accidentally press the off button, which would cause a power-down sequence, the phone is just instantly off.  Sometimes it immediately turns back on, but other times it is dead until you discover it and turn it on again.During a call, 50% of the time I cannot access the touch screen.  So there is no way to input more numbers, whether for a voicemail passkey or to navigate an automated phone system.  Yes, one could open the phone and type on the qwerty keyboard, but the speaker-phone turns on and now you're "that person" talking on a super-loud phone.  Switching from the speaker-phone to normal talk mode (by closing the phone) shuts the phone off about 70% of the time.When it isn't shutting off, it is a nice phone.  The battery life is excellent.  Clear, sharp screens, nice feeling keyboard, sturdy physical construction

I'm on my second phone.  Verizon replaced my original new phone (with a "refurbished" one, of course...) because I'd complained several times about the features.  When trying to use the icons, I sometimes have to touch them several times to even make them work.  On my first phone, I'd have to back out of the screen I was using, and go back to it and try again.  With this second phone, I have some of the same problems.  At lunch the other day, five of us were all adding our next lunch date to our phone calendars.  Everyone else zipped right through the process, and I noticed that after they put away their various phones, I was still trying to get my calendar icon to connect.  I know this phone got good reviews before I bought it, but it is definitely irritating.  I do like the camera feature, being able to send text, video, and voice messages, plus good ways to keep track of my contacts.  But I notice that it takes a while to connect to the web, and moves slowly when it does.  (My first phone did that, too.)  I don't understand why I see others with faster and more useful phones (they aren't using the latest smartphones either), when mine sort of creaks along, given the original positive reviews.  I've never had an LG brand before, and I won't make that mistake again.

This phone is simply brilliant. I agree with everything the other reviewer said - mainly that text message sentences don't start in caps. But by no means a big deal! This phone is so easy to use - with the touchscreen or the keyboard. I was worried about the touchscreen and didn't want a touchscreen only phone because of the stories I had heard. This phone has the best of both - full keyboard and touchscreen, but I can tell you the touchscreen works flawlessly. I am really impressed at how easy it is to use. Web browsing is easy too, no need to buy an expensive data plan to surf the web. I use mine for work and play. I was a diehard motorola man, but LG has won me over. When I go shopping for appliances or a TV I will look closer at LG, they just seemed to get all the little details - well most of, the details right. You can't say that about motorola, there phones were starting to slip.This one is a keeper, my only worry is how are they going to make the next one better? This one is that good.p.s. - When shopping for a phone make sure if your a polarized sunglasses wearer like me that you can read that screen! This phone is TOTALLY readable wearing sunglasses. I traded in a samsung alias 2 for this LG - samsung was nice, but in landscape mode the screen was black, portrait it worked fine. Just something you probably wouldn't think of checking for in the store! And again this LG is great with polarized lenses.

First and foremost, it doesn't even deserve ANY stars! I had purchased this device on January 5, 2010 and the device is horrible!  It shuts itself off for no reason, and sometimes while the power is still on, the screen just blacks out for no reaon, and the touch screen is so sensitive that is has its mind of its own. Also, when you get on the internet, the battery drains quickly!!! Finally, customer service at Verizon Wireless is the worse!!! When my contracted had ended, I had every intention on changing to a different carrier, but I figured I would give VW another chance....BIG mistake!!! Now, I'm stuck with a horrible device and a money-hungry, non caring company! What a waste of money!!!UPADATE: August 2010. It's been 7 months now since I'm stuck with this piece of crap! I called and spoke with customer service at LG. Discussed my issues with this horrible device. They had the audacity to state they haven't had any complaints, ie..(device freezing up, the front screen blacks out, the phone shuts off by itself, etc.) Bottom line...it's obvious they don't value customer service, it's just about making $$$$!!!!  Again...DO NOT BUY this phone! You will regret it!

I have had nothing but problems with this phone from day one. First it was the battery, so I bought an extended life batt. Then my phone started resetting it self back to the default settings and the back light would come on at 12am every night and run the batt down. I am on my third Envy Touch now and I am STILL experiencing the same problems. I would not recomend this phone to any one.

The phone looks great, and some aspects (three of four directions on the keypad are programmable) are very nice, but I suggest you get a different phone.Most user interface choices show that the designers just don't care.  You set a reminder, it pops up, you want to delete it now that it has served its purpose, but there is no delete option.  Close the event, go to your calendar, choose the event, delete.  Want to shut the phone up when the event happens, so you hit the hang-up button, no go, you have to access the event to turn it off.  Re-set your event to a different time?  The phone changes the sound to whatever you chose for the last event you programmed.  Want to change something about your event? You can scroll down to the part of the event that you want to edit, but when you choose edit, you're back up to the top and have to scroll down again.I'm not going to go through everything the phone does, but this extended example shows, to me anyway, that user-friendliness was studiously avoided in designing this phone.  Most other functions have similarly obtuse user interfaces.Photographs are quite good for a phone, the touch-screen top is cool, but suffers from user-unfriendliness, too, the full keyboard is great.  But all in all the phone is too frustrating too often to recommend it.

After 2 other LG phones that were buggy and had issues with dropped calls, I told myself I would NEVER buy LG again. But because I wanted a qwerty touch screen phone, my options were limited, so I thought I'd give LG one last try.I could not be more happy! This phone is amazing, touch screen is very responsive, call quality rivals landline quality, takes great quality photos, brilliant display screen, loud ringers, good sized qwerty keyboard for texting, I could go on and on!There are many ways to customize this phone to your needs, there are a multitude of settings. This is the phone I have been waiting for.I got a Samsung Impression last week, but wasn't entirely happy with the phone, but mostly unhappy with AT&T; service, many places I found myself having no signal, for a 3G phone in a major city, this was unacceptable.So I returned the phone and found myself searching for something similar, the Lg Envy Touch was similar, but better as far as features, I was just afraid to try another LG, but they have restored my faith.There a a few minor things I don't like about the Envy Touch, the vibration mode is not that strong, if you have the phone in a case, and your in a noisy place unable to hear the ringer, you need to rely on vibrate mode, but you can hardly feel it vibrate, my wife has an Envy 2, and the vibration is very strong, if it's on a table in vibrate mode, it will move when it rings several inches from where it was because the vibration is so strong, but the Envy Touch is not even close.Would also prefer a slide open instead of a flip, but not a big deal, just a preference. And lastly when texting, the beginning of a sentence does not start in caps, you must hit the shift key, every phone I had the sentence would start in caps, but again no big deal.The pros of this phone are many, the cons are few, there is no such thing as the perfect phone, but this comes pretty close.The Envy Touch is definitely a keeper and I highly recommend it!Update:12/9/09I've had this phone for 6 months now, and it's starting to randomly shut off, took it back to the Verizon store, they gave me a software update, but this didn't help.Also too, when I get text messages, sometimes when I flip open the phone to read my message the screen is blank, I have to close and open it several times before I see anything.I should not be having these problems after only 6 months :(Update: 1/4/10I am now on my 3rd Envy Touch, Verizon gave me a like new replacement, but it had the same problems as the first one, keeps shutting off by itself.So now I'm on my 3rd like new replacement, lets see what happens with this one : (I have once again lost my faith in LG phones, seems they are not built to last.Update : 4/16/10My 3rd Envy Touch died! Never again will I buy LG phones! Totally unreliable!

I love the phone and the touch screen is fantastic. However, the phone randomly shuts off even when the battery is fully charged.

When my daughter, who is 20, asked for a phone for her end of term present I thought "No way will her father be ready to handle buying the iphone." Basically he has kept all of us on old free with service Verizon models, and if one breaks he switches us to an older one he recovers from his saving when we switch them out. Inordinately practical. My son tested this father on this, hoping for a phone for his games and basically wanting a fancier one to help waiting after school for a ride be more pleasant, by breaking four of these phones I call "the bullet model" hoping he'd get a nice new replacement one, but we seem to have a large enough drawer of old bottom line Verizons to keep it a going. Also he forgets who he is dealing with. As sons do. (The reason I think an iphone is cool is based on a demonstration that our love of a tech guy gave me at work and how much we did in so short a time both in apps and on-line.)So...hum, ..nevermind...back to this phone and my daughter. I KNOW she needs a good phone and by that I mean one that can allow her to look at PDF doc files as this can, carry doc files, look up and access internet, write something, notes, store info-so on. I know she has to have that at a minimum to be able to get along.She is getting a degree in CalTech, she's definitely going to be a researcher-I figured although she mainly might be texting friends as I see her phone now, it would be good to have as a student or in her life as she approaches her last year in school. Enough said-needs something. Mom works on it. Dad basically negotiates it howling. Her Dad caved two days ago and got her this. I don't know exactly why but he's wedded right now to Verizon. So, ok. We've only had them for  cell phones.  I told her to research and see what Verizon could do for her, she did extensively, and  I told him to make sure she had internet service and something "very great" and let's say it was a defining moment.I then ran for cover as too many orders tends to build a lot of resistance.What they did was go get ME this phone too, as well as my daughter.I have really been end runned here. I do, so far, really, really like it. I also appeciate my old one enough  I had a service for it outback and buried it beside the rosemary. Interestingly the GPS on this new phone at the burial site reported I was in the neighbor's yard,it really did, but I suppose that might be useful if someone tries to find it for my son and then can't locate the old phone digging in the wrong lot.I'm 50. I can't say I've ever been too much on the cutting edge of anything. I flail with tech but I think I'll highlight what I like.  The kids in my house text. One of the things I find incredibly annoying is trying to text something like "Dad is ready to go." while making three or four letter choices per key on a small cell phone I can't see. Or demand I be heard or whatever on one, or give a set of information. Because while they will text, my kids generally will not answer a call from me. So to me I am thrilled with the fact there is the inner typepad that works like I was on a regular keyboard, and I can do it fairly easily by flipping open the phone AND the touch screen face has such a lovely texting ability. If I put the phone sideways that front becomes like the interior and I can touch and type on a format I understand as a keyboard or if I pick "pen" mode I can write with my finger letter by letter and the text appears. That's really nice. I've tried if for two days, it works well, infinitely better. I've tried to text a nice piece on how it was in "the old days" with the title "what my parents did not think they needed to get me." So far that's seen as more proof of a condition they've diagnosed.My daughter has already texted enough to have finished Chapter one in a book she's not really writing-but enough. What this phone is great for is texters.If you hit this one key you switch to caps and back on the touch screen, it's amazingly easy.Up to now I could never cap anything. I like that as well. I figured all of this out watching You Tubes on the phone, on the phone.That's another thing that was fairly nice. People make demo's on it. Watch a bunch before you buy. Or after you buy. From those I decided to get the "navigation" feature and it allows me to map directions with a GPS, get movies "in my area", weather and so far I haven't been anywhere to try it out but I'm going to take a long walk and see if I can find my way with it. I saw you can get resturant ideas. I've never had that kind of service. Despite the fact my spouse says it's "stupid" I really look forward to that. No I couldn't use it driving. I'd have to pull over. You must be kidding. But it's about three touches to get to a map of where you are. My daughter has a remarkably poor sense of where she is-astoundingly bad- and I've wanted since I saw it in that demo at work for her to have this kind of feature so as she goes around Pasadena or/ and any city or place she has safer ways to figure it out. So great.Will she keep it charged, and will she remember it and will she not drop, lose or otherwise mess it up. Can't predict that-she commonly drops, loses, fails to charge, so it's asking of her some remembering. It appears to need to be charged quite frequently-a bummer.I also kind of enjoy my Facebook is on it. That I can play Bejeweled Blitz or other games, that you can get to You Tube. A lot is "blocked" at work. Plus if I use the tech there-I can figure someone knows I check my gmail. It's not a big deal as basically I'm just doing work related stuff in teaching- but I can say I'm glad  not to be affected by the blocking that at times is Draconian.I recall they banned cellphones at work but in that all the admins have them and are always on them this was seen as unenforceable, so I've never used one teaching much or called...but I enjoy knowing I could look up something if I wanted to. I have fooled around with it enough to say it isn't a lovely brainless experience going on-line comparable to what i saw on my ipnone day....that was so pleasant-but it's pretty easy, it's easy enough I can do what I want.I have taken a couple short movies and a couple pictures. I haven't uploaded to my computer yet.I've shown them on the phone-the video looks good of my son playing a song on guitar. I haven't figured out yet how to get my Flickr pictures accessed or how to take these to that from the phone-it sent me to Photo Bucket but I will. I am often engaged in taking pictures. The small videos were great, I have got to send them, it allows of course sending.. my daughter thinks I should get more GB due to the fact as I teach I like to take small videos of the kids reading sight words, so on to store. I just mostly have to figure out this feature. It seems ok. It was easy to use.Yeah, ok, this is annoying to read but I have to figure out how to get my music on it. And I have to just work on the phone features setting a goal like one new thing a day. My kids  do about 15 as I cry but hey. I used to think a ringtone was exciting. I'm over that now.I know my daughter researched this because I read the reviews here and these were the things she looked at. It was the best she could get for her texting and life from the angle of needs or wants staying with Verizon. She expressed some hesitation-of course-there is a lot out there but the phone so far has been a much improved experience.She's thrilled. If you saw our Wiindows 95, 17 year old , throw away computer at home you'd understand why we are thrilled.  I'm really glad for it.What helps me is looking at those demo's on-line though.Spending some time learning things. It can be too hard or I can't figure it out and so far I have figured out what I set out to do, not intimidated yet. Not too much. She's really pleased, so it was a good choice.

This phone isn't horrible, but not great either.I too have had the "shut off" issue.  But it's not a recurring problem, it's happened maybe 3 or 4 times over the course of 6 months.  The battery life is pretty good considering no matter whether you're using it opened or closed there is a full screen display.The external display could be larger, and the screen protector Verizon sells only covers the lit area - not a horrible thing, but the rest of the screen is scratched.The operating system isn't my favorite, there are 3 ways to do everything and none of them are particularly efficient.  I'd rather see one fast way to do things. I never use this phone one the web - it's not practical or easy to use.I adjusted to the shifted QWERTY keyboard pretty quickly.Hope this helps a bit!

I have owned this phone for 14 months and still have to put up with it for 10 more or pay a hefty price for a new upgrade.  This is the most unstable cell phone I have ever owned.When I bought it, it had the primary features I wanted: bluetooth, make phone calls, and text on a nice size querty keyboard.  I thought it was a perfect fit for me.Unfortunately it has this magic trick of turning itself unexpectedly whether in my purse, while trying to text or when trying to take a picture.  I can touch the screen and the phone turns off.  It always does it at the worst possible time.  I first thought it was me but after reading reviews of others who have the problem I know now that it is the phone.  It also has an unbelievably short battery life.  I have to power it every other day and I seldom talk on the phone.  I can't imagine what people do who talk and text a lot.I really suggest that if you are considering buying this phone that you read all the comments and talk to your provider about what remedy you can expect if you have problems.  I still love the concept but it is a wonder that I have not smashed this thing against the wall out of frustration.

I really wanted to like this phone. Great interface, great music player, great camera, flexibility between touchscreen and hard qwerty.I have been to the store 5 times now.... 3 sw updates and two refurbished exchanges, same problems.1. phone randomly shuts off. sometimes it randomly reboots, which is at least better than randomly shutting off.2. touchscreen loses calibration, sometimes daily. can be a whole 2 keys off!3. dismal battery life. if you text moderately, you won't make it through the day. forget about the internet... emergency use only b/c it kills the battery.People need to know this stuff-- I'm on my third unit and it's very frustrating-- verizon is extremely resistant to do anything other than refurb equipment exchanges.

I was so excited when the env touch was finally available on June 5th.  I have an env2 and knew this phone would be a perfect first phone for my daughter who desperately wanted a touch screen phone.  I even watched two you tube reviews of the phone 2 days prior to its official release. I completely forgot all logic and the temptation to get it on the first day out obvioulsy clouded my judgement and I went ahead and obtained the phone for my daughter.  10 hours and 4 phones later they are all duds and keep randomly shutting down.  For what it is worth, during the 5 minutes it worked, she loved it and so did I. We are hoping it is a problem LG will fix or maybe the whole batch at this store was defective and new phones will be ok.  She was really disappointed since it is her first cell phone and she has waited patiently for one.

When I first heard about the LG enV Touch I did all the research to make sure I was buying a phone that met my needs. The phone seemed to have everyting that I wanted: a physical keyboard, a touch screen for easy access to applications, the ability to access email, take notes, a non-smartphone with some smartphone capabilities, and the ability to custimize. After checking all the reviews from users and phone websites, I decided to go with the LG enV Touch. Keeping in mind that I was coming from a Blackberry Bold which I had to stop using because I had to go to Verizon and at the time I didn't want to pay alot of money for service by getting a smartphone.The Good:01. The phone looks good. I like the black finish, the two screens, and the ability to open the phone and rest it for viewing.02. The features: calendar, note taking, calculator, threaded messaging, backup assistant, alarm clock, document viewer, voice commands, and the memory extension slot.The Bad:01. The touch screen on the two I have had were bad. The first one I had to take back because it stopped working completely. I used to calibrate the phone more than once a day. The one I have had now for 4 months is starting to go bad as well no matter how many times I calibrate the phone.02. The batter life is horrible. All I have to do is check my email or talk for a few minutes and the batter loses a few bars (there are only 4 bars). I've heard people say it's because of the two screens but both screens are not on at the same time. Browing the internet will also kill the battery quickly and I don't do it all day.These are issues specific to my use of the phone and may not be a problem for others:03. I take alot of notes and the phone limits the amount of characters I can use in each note. I have to start a new note for the same material which is irritating for me.04. I find it hard to put movies on my card that the phone will play. I am using the format for the phone and I also formated the card in the phone so I'm not sure what the problems is.05. Deleting emails from the phone will not delete them from my actual account. Nowhere in the reviews that I have read or seen aaid anything about this.06 No outside speaker for when you can't have the phone open. in my pocket for example.Would I recommend this phone? Yes, if you are getting the phone for a child, or if you want a phone that has possibilities but you don't need much. Had I had known I would have these problems I would not have brought the phone. I guess I should stick with a smart phone because my Bold did everyting well, it was just boring to use. Now I realize that boring is better than irritating. I will hold on to the phone until I can get another (thankfully I got a one-year contract). For all of the enV Touch lovers out there I am not bashing the phone I am just stating why it doesn't work for me. Maybe someone could use that specific information. Either way you should always try out the phone because it may be perfect for you.

I bought this phone when my LG Chocolate started losing battery power at an alarming rate, and chose it mostly for the easy of texting.  I dithered over my phone choice for weeks before biting the bullet- boy am I glad I finally picked the enV Touch.  I thought I would never use the touch screen- wrong!  Texting is super-easy on the touch screen; in fact I rarely find myself opening the phone to text.  The speakerphone quality is excellent though I agree the ringtones are a little low.  I have access to a computer almost every hour of the day so easy of internet browsing was not that important to me- this phone does just fine to update my Facebook status when necessary.  My only complaint is that the battery life isn't great, but the dual charger (wall and USB compatible) makes charging the battery a breeze.  All in all an excellent choice for those not looking for a smart phone.

I think this phone is Verizon's best phone thus far.  It is a great phone, and is a nice combination upgrade of the top three phones from Verizon (LG Dare, LG enV3, LG Voyager).  The Blackberry Curve is VZW's top device, but I put that more as a PDA phone, rather than a regular phone with extra features (which is what the LG phones I listed above).  I've had many phones from Verizon for about 10 years now;  I have three lines in my account, and I upgrade my phone every year and the two other lines every other year.  IMHO this is the best phone to come out of Verizon.  The keyboard options are nice, though I find myself using the virtual keyboard more (I am used to the LG Dare).  I like the animated scroll (though not as nice as the HTC Touch Diamond or Pro, but again, these two are more data device/PDA phones, rather than regular phones).The screens for the LG enV Touch are quite nice, and definitely look a lot nicer than the LG Dare (and I like my Dare).  On paper, the LG enV Touch screens are better.  Both the internal and external displays of the LG enV Touch have 480x800 pixels, and 16 Million color levels (-vs- 240x400 pixels and 260K color levels on the Dare).  So it makes sense that the Touch screens look better.  (The Samsung Omnia screen is also 240x400 pixels and 65K color levels, so also inferior to the enV Touch).  If you have a chance, take a look at them side-by-side at your local store... you will see what I mean, and the difference will be quite obvious.The camera is quite impressive (3.2 MP) and the large screen size makes taking pictures a lot easier.  Daytime shots come out decent.  The night shots are not the greatest, but even regular cameras have problems with dark scenes.  I've tried the flash feature, and it helps a tiny bit (but I would never use it again. LOL!)I tested the data speed (via dslreports) and the reported speed was 812 kbit/sec, which is slower than my LG Dare (I got 1185 kbit/sec). I placed the phones on the same spot on my desk when I was running the tests, and ran one test per phone (one after the other) for 5 tests, and these are the average speeds of the 5 tests. I'm not sure why the Touch is slightly slower, given that both are EVDO Rev.A. I will next test the mobile broadband speed of both (results pending).  One huge benefit is that the "unlimited" data usage for this phone is only $15/month instead of the $30/month like the other data phones (blackberry, omnia, htc, etc.)The only negative feature I found was the disappointing battery life. I charge it overnight, take it off the charger at 7am, go to work, and by 2pm it has half the battery. This was consistent over the last 5 days I've had the phone.  If I leave the phone alone for an hour or so, when I get back to it the battery is up to 3/4 charged (I did not charge it).  I've even performed a hard reset (took the battery off while the phone was still on, waited over 30 sec, replaced the battery, turned the unit on, and charged overnight). No change in the battery life. I remember this was an issue with the LG Dare when it first came out a year ago, but the issue with the LG enV Touch is worse. I hope LG comes out with a fix for this (like they did with the Dare, and the battery life became significantly better).Altogether, I have been very happy and impressed with this phone. Having tested this unit thoroughly and extensively, I highly recommend this phone.  I am still running some more tests (bluetooth, mobile broadband & tethering, mobile web browsing, apps like VZ Navigator, etc.), and I will update this review in about a week.Having said all this, the LG enV Touch is a GREAT iPhone alternative, but is far from being an iPhone killer.  For those who are not on ATT and/or those who want to move from ATT, I highly recommend this phone.Pros:-Ext & Int screens are clear and large-Camera takes great pictures (for a phone)-FAST Mobile web...like my LG Dare-EVDO Rev.A so mobile broadband with tethering is FAST-dual keyboard (virtual and real)-decent speakers-clear sound for phoneCons:-battery life not very impressive. This is a pity, I actually gave thisphone 6 stars (out of 5) and docked one star for the battery, thus ending with 5 stars still.

This phone definitely has more strong points than weak points. However I'll point out the annoying flaws that you usually don't hear much about after using it for a month.Low Text Storage: I'm an avid texter (Unlimited text plan) but this phone can't store all that many. My old RZR use to be able to store a good 700+ just in my inbox with no problem. However with the enVtouch, it warns me I'm at 80% capacity around 220 and 100% is around 250 or so. I like keeping text messages so that's a bit of a bummer. The phone's storage is only 250 MB and you can't make it save texts to your microSD chip if you have one.Inner speakers: I love my music player, but you only get the full volume if you open your phone, since the speakers are internal. Same issue if you're looking to put your phone on speaker.Verizon charges for *everything* Web, Visual voicemail, E-mail, Mobile IM, etc. Any little special feature you want to use on this phone, be prepared for an extra $2 here, an extra $5 there.You get three keyboards, 2 virtual, one physical. If you're using the touch screen, and you turn it to the side, it becomes a virtual quarty keyboard. This would be nice, but it does get annoying if you somewhat tilt the phone a little bit. It gets confused and you have to shift it this way and that until it realizes you want it vertical.Sometimes it mixes up ID photos, especially during texts. I've had some close calls in sending the text to the wrong person because you see the photo and not the name.I'm just nitpicking here. Overall I love the phone, it's just a couple tiny things I wish I could fix.

Phone shuts offUnable to unlock to receive callsScreen goes blankKeypad too small (have inadvertantly forwarded the phone several times)Speaker phone does not activate at times when you open the phoneBattery life stinksTotal unusable outdoords (cannot see screen)Please read CJ "ChefJeff"'s review.  5 stars..."absolutely brilliant" he says...until he used the phone for 6 months..."I should not be having these problems after only 6 months".  Then after 9 months..."Envy Touch died!"..."Never again will I buy LG phones! Total unreliable!"The people who gave this phone 5 stars clearly are affiliated in some way with LG...or have not revisited their initial reviews as ChefJeff did.Add Verizon's lousy customer service...and you have the worst of combinations...bad phone...bad company.Amen ChefJeff...Amen.

I am not a tech person.  I never bothered to really learn how to even use my LG Chocolate.  So when I decided it was time to replace my phone 8 months ago, I started looking.The only phones that looked interesting to me in the Verizon line up were all pretty complex and all required a data plan which was something that I did not want to pay for.So... I waited.Several phones over those months looked good to me, but after seeing them in person, I knew they just were not my phone.Enter the Env Touch.All I can say is this phone is great all the way around!  It is super easy to use and VERY user friendly. I have had it a little over 2 weeks and know how to use and do everything on it.  The touch screen is flawless! Texting is great if you like a keyboard.  Battery life is pretty good.  Even my husband (who is very techy) loves this phone.  I could not be more happy!

I have to admit, I'm loving this phone so far.  I've only had it a few days but the interface is extremely elegant and intuitive and I love the animated wallpaper and camera.  The web browser is great-- it streams video amazingly and the resolution is superb.  It is a bit bulky, and I can't really wear it on my belt because it opens whenever I brush up against something, but for me it's worth it because this is the first phone I've been able to type long e-mails on because the physical keyboard is such a breeze.  I like that it keeps the internet going when you close or open it.  I also love that when you open it mid-conversation it automatically goes to speakerphone.  It seems like a tad of a waste to have two screens like it would be elegant to slide the keyboard sideways so you can use the touch screen and keyboard at the same time instead of having to switch back and forth between open and closed.  There is a mouse arrow for navigating on the inside screen but it's slow and cumborsome after you've gotten used to touching.  I also keep wishing they had put the camera on the same side as one of the screens so that I could do video-skyping.  My biggest gripe so far is that I didn't like any ringtones it came with.  The music ones all sounded the same and there were very few non-music ones to choose from. I'm afraid that for the first time I'm going to have buy a ringtone.  Can't help but wonder if they did that on purpose.  Still, if you plan to do a lot of e-mails and web surfing but don't want to pay the $30 extra per month in smart phone charges, this is the phone for you.

I got this phone when it first came out last year...It was absolutely horrible at first. Poor battery life, reset to default settings, touch screen problems, screen problems, etc.I had it replaced probably around three times.The phone is amazing when it works, UPDATE YOUR SOFTWARE!The latest SW Version (as of March 19, 2010) is VX11KV09. This new version gives the phone a new web browser, which is quite amazing. Also, battery life is pretty decent now. I no longer have to charge daily, and the battery lasts longer.The keyboard is perfect and easy to type on.Be sure to purchase screen protectors! I don't like cases as they make the phone even bulkier.So the phone is great after all the software updates. If you decide to get it, make sure you have the latest software!

I agree with mostly everyone here, but wanted to chime in with my own comments.  I've had my env touch for almost a month, and it's replacing a Motorola Razr that I had for two years.* In my experience, the battery charges very quickly and holds a charge very well.  I typically don't talk more than an hour on it nor send a handful of texts daily, but I can get through about two days without plugging it in.* Speaking of plugging in, I love the fact that the charger doubles as a USB cord.  Great product design, in my opinion.* The camera works great, and I was able to buy a 4GB memory chip on Amazon for $10-12.  The only thing that would be helpful on the camera is a zoom, but photos are still crisp and large enough to print and display on screen nicely.  I'm still working with the flash, which has had the tendency to be overpowering in my shots and drowns objects out.* The touch screen is a nice feature, but it's a little difficult to find a contact or dial a phone number while driving without demanding some attention.* The graphics and phone interface are spectacular!* I'm not complaining, but maybe a more ergonomic shape would make a future env easier to hold while talking.* I enjoy the fact that I can be speaking with someone, pop open the keyboard, and do tasks like check my calendar or look up a contact.  The speaker phone turns on automatically, and if I shut the keyboard, I won't lose that call.* I figured out the hard way that hard cases can potentially scratch the finish on the phone.  So be a little careful!  The good thing is that there are already plenty of aftermarket accessories for really cheap here on Amazon.EDIT JULY 2010: My phone will shut itself off with a full battery and will also randomly call others while in my pants pocket.  After about nine months of ownership, I'd give it two stars.

My wife and I are on our third touch due to crappy design.  This phone STILL resets on it's own causing you to loose all of your settings.  The T9 is BAD.  First of all it doesn't learn words.  Most all other cell phones do.  Try to spell common words and they come up jumbled.  This phone needed to stay in testing about another year and it would of been good.  Reception is great.  Sound quality is great.  Speaker phone is nice.  Don't take it in the sun though, you won't be able to see the screen.  It's all washed out.  I'm soooo glad I purchased it with a 1 year contract and not a 2 years.  Save yourself the hassle and get a droid or switch to the Iphone.  That's where I'm going next.

This is the best phone I have ever owned...It is so easy to text! The external touch screen is also wonderful and easy to use. I did not have the original Voyager to compare it to but have heard they have made many upgrades. The camera takes wonderful pictures. This is the most I have ever liked a phone after I purchased it!!!

I received the phone and it had several problems.  First of all it was used.  There wer over 100 pnone numbers in the recent call log.  The touch pad was horrible.I sent it back for a replacement and received a new, unopened one.  The firmware was newer and the proximity sensor was in a different position.  It works very well and I love this phone.  It's one step down from a smart phone.  If you don't want to pay a monthly fee for wireless you should get this phone.The only thing I wish it would do is sync more accurately with Outlook.  I will not import addresses.  Other than that I would recommend it.The battery life is great for the amount of call I receive and the sound quality is excellent.

Sure, you can't go and download an app for everything. But I'm paying a lot less for my plan and I'm on the Verizon network. That in itself makes up for any lackluster comparisons between the LG EnV Touch & iPhones.The phone is rather large, but I have a big honkin' touch screen - so in my opinion, there is a valid reason for it's size. Plus it makes the QWERTY keyboard that much easier to use so you aren't fat-fingering your emails, texts, etc.I only have 2 complaints that I can even think of off the top of my head (after 3 months of owning it now), which is:1. Apparently there is a software glitch and my phone has been restoring the default wallpapers & shortcuts randomly. I plan to go to Verizon to fix this today as I've read on their forums there is fix.2. Battery life is bad if you use it extensively. I'm looking into an extended life battery.With that, unless your looking for this phone to either be an iPhone or do cartwheels, I can't see why anyone wouldn't like this phone. All my previous concerns or issues were easily resolved by looking up how to fix them (such as calibrating the touch screen) on the Verizon site.

When I first purchased this phone from Verizon, I was very pleased.  I was actually showing it off to my coworkers.  Over time, however, it showed signs of increasingly defective software programming.  At first, the memory would change the save option on it's own from memory card to phone.  I would run out of storage fast, as the memory card could not be read until I ejected and reinserted it AND changed the setting back to memory card.  Then, the phone's display would become lighter or show a completely scrambled image.Later, it began powering down on it's own - even with a full charge.  No, it would not restart itself when this happened.  If you were to depend on this phone for a wakeup alarm or a calendar reminder, you could count on missing a few appointments.The next thing to go all glitchy was the camera.  Whenever I'd start it, the phone would simply freeze.  The fix - take out and re-insert the battery, then turn the phone back on.There are other problems as well. The touch keyboard is way too sensative.  The querty keyboard isn't sensative enough, so you'll have a few parrtial words if you're not careful.  On sensitivity, the phone will do soooooo many things while in your pocket - even when there's nothing else in there to trigger it.  You'll make phone calls, send non-sensical texts, start all manner of programs, hear your pocket scream at you when the voice program is activated, surf the web to who knows what site, etc.In a nutshell, this phone looks great and impresses fresh off the showroom floor, but it's a painful trip filled with frustration and disappointment from there on.  So, I'm giving this product one star and recommending that you pass on it (if it's even still available), because the LG EnV Touch really sucks.

I purchased the LG Env Touch January 2010 and loved it, at first.  I had just returned a Blackberry Pearl, so I thought this phone was far superior in every way except picture taking.  I loved the touch screen and the keyboard mostly.  But after 2 months of owning the Env Touch, the phone would power down many times a day for no reason.  Then, it began to reset the phone settings back to the factory defaults.  It's pretty annoying to reset the phone to your liking several times a day.So I brought the phone in to Verizon and was told I just needed an upgrade.  It only took 20 minutes which gave me time to run an errand, so it was no big deal.  My phone worked perfectly  after the upgrade and I was happy...for 2 weeks.  The Env Touch not only started to shut off again, it also began to freeze up so battery removal was the only solution.I have learned that I have to bring my phone in for yet another upgrade.  I have never had to bring a phone in for even one upgrade and I have been a customer of Verizon for over a decade.I have spoken to other Env Touch owners who have the same problems as I do.  As soon as they see my phone, we bond over the headaches caused by this faulty phone.  I rarely write reviews, but I had to say something about this.  Do not buy this phone.

I would recommend this phone to anyone that uses their phone for text, calls, pics/vids and music.I hoped that the email, document viewer and web browsing features would be enough to keep me from upgrading to a smartphone and the extra $$ per month on a data plan.  The document viewer is nice, but it only allows you to view docs that are loaded onto the memory card.  You can't download them from an email or the interet and view.  The mobile email was close, but still lacked a little that a smartphone will give you.  As far as browsing the web, it was a very nice experience on websites that were set up for mobile.  They loaded quickly and were easily readable after one click of the zoom in button.  Sites that didn't have mobile versions would frequently lag or lock up.Physically the phone is great.  very sturdy build, the phone flips open to 2 positions and both hold very well.  It isn't too heavy, and when you are holding it it just feels like a well made phone. I've used it for about 9 months now without a protective case or screen protector and there is really no visible wear even after a few drops.  The touch screen is great and really responds well.  I would calibrate the touch about once a month and it really seemed to work almost perfectly.All in all, if you need a phone for texting, pics, video and phone features, this is a great phone.  The virtual and physical keyboard are great and the call quality was better than my last 2 phones (LG Dare and Motorola Razr2).

Here is this product's obligatory page-long review.  I drew some basic comparisons to two other Verizon phones -- the Samsung Omnia i910 and the LG Dare.  I hope this review may ultimately save some of you some time. :)I have been looking for a phone with a high-resolution, fast camera, and PDA-like features.  I use the camera when traveling to clients' premises, and am surprised how many devices made by Apple, RIMM, Palm and others treat cell-phone cameras as an adolescent feature that wastes the time of employees (like surfing emails and internet cannot be abused this way).  As someone who needs the coverage of the Verizon network in my area, not too many phones fit into the above two categories -- particularly without the need to buy a $30/month data plan.  I intentionally delayed using my NE2, knowing that Verizon often releases phones in June.  After nearly choosing the Samsung Omnia i910 and LG Dare, I'm glad I did.I read in other Amazon reviews that some user's of the Sammy 910 made the effort to set the phone up properly so that they didn't have to dig through menus.  But personally, I found the i910 very difficult to do almost anything, even with shortcuts right on its desktop, even after trying it out 6 times at Verizon stores.  I'd hate to tell a relative, "Here's my phone, go make a call!"  It's excellent 5mpix camera almost convinced me, but it was too hard to text in either landscape or portrait, and it requires the $30/mon data plan, plus has a non-standard headphone jack.  The LG Dare was much simpler to pick-up an use, although (without having tried calibration adjustments) I found I made mistakes every time I did a sample text message with it's touch screen, in either orientation.  The camera was also slow at times, especially when using auto-focus, taking as much as 2 seconds to take a picture, and more to wait for the camera to prompt you with the save/erase options.Enter the enV Touch (and in some similar respects, theLG enV3 VX9200 Phone, Blue (Verizon Wireless)or theLG enV3 VX9200 Phone, Maroon (Verizon Wireless).  Finally, a company has figured out a way to keep a real, non-touch-screen qwerty board embedded in an updated, semi-smart phone, especially for those of us who cannot or do not like haptic-feedback touch screens.  Personally, I prefer the center-located space bar, although some of the older enV user's may need time to get used to this.  The keyboard, with my fairly large, iron-grip hands, is easier to use than any touch screen keyboard I've tried, and the 3.2 megapixel camera is one of only a few Verizon phones that offers better than 3 megapix resolution -- shameful in my opinion.  Pictures snap quickly too, in less than 1 second.  The full 3" screen viewfinder makes you feel as if you are using a devoted still camera, although I'm noticing that I have to be a bit careful how I hold the phone so as not to cover the sensor.  This will improve with practice.But about that front touchscreen -- I am very impressed.  Even without a hard keyboard, this would have been the first phone from any US provider where I can actually type out a text message, completely error-free, using only the traditional numeric keypad in portrait mode.  And getting there is easier too -- the tab-up feature to use the touch screen is very easy and intuitive.  Screen resolution is very good, though perhaps not quite as leading edge as the iPhone or Storm color and resolution.  However, the screen is large enough to see the touch keyboard and a large enough portion of a text or email message without having to scroll through as much as with the Dare/Omnia.  But the phone is also fast -- my old Motorola motorazr had ongoing slow-responsiveness to pictures, notepad activation, even ringing for incoming calls!  The enV Touch is fastest phone I've used, with a near-instant 1/4th second or better response to opening or activating almost anything.  This iPhone-like device also does not require a data plan if you just need a feature-rich cell phone without always-on email.  However, at $1.99/MB, I will have to try out email push and browsing to see if a data plan may yet be desirable.  I travel to Canada frequently, and hope not to have any "always-on" data roaming fees -- I have read horror stories about iPhones incurring $600 bills as owners blithely cross borders or even roaming within the US.  But to my current, possibly wrong understanding, I don't think this phone automatically data-roams.  The phone also offers airplane mode and a standard 3.5mm headphone jack -- finally, no more need to take an iPod and cell phone and camera with me on trips.  Now only if we had unlocked GPS...maybe this will work with Google Maps?  Another interesting device I'm looking at purchasing is the Motorola MOTOROKR T505 Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone which blue-tooths the phone's audio or phone calls to the car stereo -- safer for calls and convenient for music.  Another nice change:  The CLEAR and END keys on the front screen are well separated now -- no accidentally erasing an unsent message when you thought you were backspacing.It's not perfect.  Despite the terrific 16GB capacity, Verizon's menu system still retains a 200 text-message limit.  Wha??  After nearly 10 years with this design, couldn't this be a tiny bit larger by now?  Of course, that's a Verizon issue, not really LG's mistake, but since this phone is currently only used on Verizon's network, it's an issue.  The phone is a little bit wider at .61 inches than comparable, non-keyboarded competitors.  I gladly accept this trade-off for the convenience of two styles of keyboards though.  It's also little taller than the similar enV3.  So far, that's all I can say on the con side.As much as I love the touch screen, it's still not what I'd consider a true iPhone contender though, which with a new release today, seems like it still has a more vibrant display and of course much better apps.  But the enV Touch was, for me, the closest Verizon phone to the iPhone, if only because it seems so intuitive, and it is easily the best cell phone I've ever owned.As I use the phone, I will update the review with notable pros and cons.

I loved my enV Touch when I first got it. It's touch screen and an enV. Couldn't get better. But then I started texting on it. I love how easy it is to text. I use the touch screen more then the QWERTY keyboard. But the thing that totally ruins this phone for me is that it doesn't have didn't, doesn't, isn't, wasn't, couldn't, shouldn't and wouldn't in it's T9 dictionary....I hadn't realized how often I use those words until I had to correct the word each time because it comes out wrong. I have put the words in the phone using Abc and it will remember them for a while but then it forgets. Another problem I have is when I put a word in using T9 it doesn't remember it at all. If there is some way to fix that I would love to know it!Other then that I really love my phone. This phone would get 5 stars if only it remembered words better and if those specific words I mentioned earlier were actually in the dictionary.

Overall, I am thoroughly disappointed with this phone.  *disclaimer* I am a text-heavy user, so the bulk of my dissatisfaction is with text-related aspects of the phone.Pros: the internal keyboard on the EnV line is great. I had to adapt from having the spacebar on the side (like is on the EnV 1 and 2), but I adapted pretty quickly and can type as fast as my thumbs will move.  Threaded messaging is nice, and the camera takes good-quality pictures.  The battery life is surprisingly decent.  I used to own the first gen Samsung Omnia and it wouldn't last me through a day of regular use, so actually making it until night to recharge is nice.  I haven't experienced as much pocket dialing as other users. Just make sure you lock the screen before putting it in your pocket.Cons: the keyboard on the external screen (whether in portrait or landscape) is AWFUL. It's nearly impossible to type correctly in landscape mode, so if I feel like holding it in landscape I just use the internal keyboard.  Bearing the extremely error-prone portrait mode typing in mind, I didn't think LG would actually REGRESS in the quality of their firmware:(1) T9 no longer remembers words you have used.  Living in Southern California, every time I type ANYTHING (street names, food, etc) in Spanish I have to painfully bang it out letter-by-letter.(2) Using 0 to change the word only works if that word is still highlighted. If you so much as enter punctuation by pressing 1, let alone press "space," you have to completely delete the word and retype it.  Just TRY to type the word "isn't" and not want to throw your phone at the wall.(3) The web browser sucks. You can't read text unless you zoom in considerably, and scrolling and zooming are painfully slow. Once you exit the browser you have to restart your search to get back to the website you were viewing.  Considering Verizon now FORCES you to buy their $10/month data package, you should be forewarned that your phone's internet capabilities are abysmal.(4) You can't turn off haptic feedback (the stupid vibration you get whenever you touch the screen) unless you turn off vibrating all together.  Which is fine, unless you're in ANY environment where you EVER need your phone to be on silent but still want to know when you get a call/text. I also feel like the haptic feedback is part of the reason typing on the external screen is so unresponsive and inaccurate.(5) The battery, while decent, decreases SUBSTANTIALLY if you use the internet.  Don't even think about using Youtube on your phone unless you want it to die within 10 minutes.(6) While you can have widgets on your external home screen, there is no option to lock the screen into place so when you try to launch their shortcuts all it does is move them around, covering the background image you meticulously arranged the widgets to not cover.I was perfectly happy with my EnV 2 until losing it.  All the Verizon phones that don't force you to buy a data plan have terrible keyboards, and if I'm going to be forced to buy a data plan, I want a phone that is actually enjoyable to use to browse the internet.  I can't wait until this contract is up so I can leave Verizon and get an Iphone.

The env touch is a really good phone, but the new software for the browser is horrible. The lg dare was set up a lot better and easier to manage. This new software is confusing and hard to manage. The dare would remember your id's for different website and drop down menu. This one the only time it remembers is with the phone open on internal screen. the external screen does not remember your ids that you have entered like with yahoo mail. Verrrry upseting.  Most of the time the browser goes offline and i have to reenter all my info for getting into mail and ebay. or i enter over and over and the browser wont go to next page.  Have found the qwerty keyboard on external locks up and the touch screen has to be recalibrated alot.  Media shortcuts ill press the links and it freezes up the phone.

This phone is top rated for a reason.  I owned the original EnV, liked it.  Upgraded, and loved it.The phone is user friendly, and the touch screen is just sensitive enough.  The convenient lock button on the side of the phone is great to prevent pocket dialing. I'm forever sold on LG phones.

Well I was up for my new every 2 and was looking at phones. I really wanted the Samsung Omnia for its quite impressive features but needed a data plan.So I waited a few weeks and saw the enV Touch. Always liked the first enV and was curious.So I looked at the features and was impressed. Decided to order it since I could get it for $[...] bucks. Got it and I don't think I can ever regret my choice. it is an amazing phone.It feels to me like LG finally got the perfect blend of phone/media player/camers. Not too much camera but not too much anything else. And I came from a Samsung SCH-A990 (before it was renamed the Flipshot) so it was quite a change.But I love the phone. Can't wait to get a SD card to load it with music, videos and the such. Already have about 20 songs on it to just listen to and I can't put the damn thing down even at work where phones are a no-no. I even like it better than the Storm and iPhone (not a fan of Apple as it is).love to see what you think, share your view at [...] a place just for the Env-Touch owners.

2 girls in my class have this phone.  IT IS SUPER ANNOYING BECAUSE THE KEYBOARD TYPING IS SUPER LOUD AND ANNOYS THE HECK OUT OF ME.  They need to redesign the keyboard so it sounds like my Sprint Samsung Exclaim.

Unlike critics who have only owned the phone for one day and wrote a review (incredibly annoying), I have had this phone for 2 weeks.  So far, I am very impressed and would highly recommend this phone if you are considering Verizon.  I have no signal in my house, but I can still surf the web, get my email, and make calls despite having only one bar!The touch screen is pretty good and accurate.  My dad says that his touch screen phone (not a verizon or LG) is annoying because when he is talking on it, his cheek will hit the buttons.  Not so on the enV Touch!  It has a light sensor that when it is up to your face, it turns the screen off!  When using an automated system, you pull the phone away from your ear, and the screen comes back on so you can hit 1 for English.I enjoy having the real qwerty keyboard on the inside for if i'm typing a long email or text.  The camera is awesome- really high quality photos! The video is fairly decent for a cell phone.My husband bought the same enV touch at the same time I did.  He really likes his too!  His only complaint so far is that you do have to open the phone for the speakerphone feature... at least that is the only way we've found to do it so far.  I never use speakerphone, so it doesn't bother me.I have not tried bluetooth yet.I have 2 annoyances:1) is that you cannot have an mp3 set as a ringtone- at least not that i have been able to figure out.  Verizon wants you to purchase their ringtones thru GetItNow... which is annoying at $2.99/tone.2) is that you cannot dim either screen.  I prefer to dim the screens on my cell phones and laptop to help conserve battery life, but this phone does not have that option.The only incident I have had was this morning, as a matter of fact.  We had a really bad storm come through during the night and I think we had a power surge.  Of course my phone was charging, and for some reason it didn't charge all the way and was actually "frozen" when I unplugged it from the charger.  I turned it off, then on, and it was fine.  I had to plug it back in for it to finish charging, which it did.  It has worked fine all day and is charging again (a nightly ritual).  My husband's phone was not plugged in during the night.  He said his is fine.  I don't anticipate any more problems with the charging... I think it was a freak incident.Anyway, all in all, I really like the phone.  I think I agree with the review on Cnet, which I definitely recommend watching-- it is the best phone Verizon has to offer right now!

I got this phone about 11 months ago. For the first few months, the phone worked like a charm.As far as battery life goes, as long as you don't text a LOT and talk on the phone a LOT, you should be fine. Usually I can get about 250 texts and a 10 minute phone conversation on one charge if I don't use the internet on my phone that day.The software? Well, you see a lot of times I will have my phone in a loose pocket (like it isn't tight against my leg or anything) and I will all of a sudden hear ringtones as opposed to the phone vibrating (I had it on vibrate mode) I pull out my phone, and my phone has reset itself completely to it's defualt settings. Since I don't change too many settings, I usually brush it off, but this has happened about 30 times now, including during a state test, where my phone was in a pocket in my bookbag under my seat, and my test was at risk of being invalidated.The screens...Oh boy the screens. Yesterday, I went to pull my phone out of my pocket and neither screen even lit up. They keyboard lit up, and the front buttons lit up, and my ringtones were going off from people texting me, but I could NOT see anything. I put the phone in front of a desk fan without it's battery for SIX HOURS (keep in mind there is NO water damage shown.) and after six hours, I turned on the phone, and the screens were going CRAZY. Everything had a pink tint, sometimes it was blurry, and that would last for about 60 seconds and the screens would go black again. So I charged it all night and in the morning it worked fine. So I had it in my pocket for about 2 hours, and then I went to take it out again and both screens are completely black. Once again. So since I've had enough of this I'm going to be replacing the phone tonight.All in all, are you thinking about getting this phone? Are you a patient person who loves to have a hassle? Then this phone is key! Sure it's easy to use, and has lots of good features Verizon scams you into paying what seems like enough to make you want to sell your house, but other than that the phone is JUNK. I'm telling you if you're reading this review, and you want to know if you should buy it, please, for god's sake don't. Just believe me when I tell you. I've heard too many stories about the same thing happening and I don't want you to be frustrated like I was.

I upgraded from the LG Voyager to the LG Touch.  I have to stress the word upgrade.  Many of the things that I did not like about the LG Voyager were fixed with the LG touch.  Let's focus on some great features of the LG Touch:When typing a TXT message from the front touch screen, you can use the numeric keypad vertically or flip the phone horizontally to automatically receive a full QWERTY touch screen keypad.  On top of having both of those types of TXT message entry, you also have a regular manual QWERTY keyboard inside of the phone for more precise texting.  As much as I enjoy having a touch screen to txt, it is alot easier to TXT using the inside keypad.The music player is awesome! This phone has a standard 1/8" headphone jack that you can use with ANY standard headphone set! When you push play, you can tilt the phone sideways and the viewer displays the album artwork similar to the iPhone.  When you push the end key once it leaves a small player on the front screen.You have a shortcut tab that is accessible from the front of the phone which you can drag icons from to the home screen.  There is no auto arrange feature of the icons, you can drag and place them anywhere you want on the home screen.When viewing pictures in your library, the inside view gives you more of an album view in sections of 9 pictures which is a lot easier searching through the pictures.  The camera is very nice at 3.2 megapixels, with an auto focus feature and flash.  The video has a full video editor that you can reduce the size of videos to be able to send in a txt.There is also a favorite contact area where you can pick up to 10 people that you can quickly access to txt, email, call etc.  Adding someone's picture to their contact is very easy to do where you can adjust, crop and re size their picture just how you want it.  You can even do all these adjustments when picking your desktop wallpaper on the phone.Aaaand... there is a document viewer.  You can put Microsoft Excel, Word, Adobe PDF documents in the document folder on your micro sd card.  Then when you open the document viewer, you can view all these documents on your phone.The overall size of the phone is a little thinner then the Voyager and a tad wider with it's 3" internal and external screen.  I could go on and on with the features that this phone has.  I haven't found one thing that I dislike about this phone.

I have had this phone for a little under a month and I have had absolutly no problems with it. It is very user friendly and the touch screen is great. I figured out how to use it within 5 min of walking out of the store, I didnt even look at the owners manual. This is the 2nd phone I've had and I would recommend buying this phone if you are looking for a touch screen phone with a qwerty keyboard.

I've had this phone for 2 years.  I've gone through five of them.  They screen starts touching random parts of the screen, making calls etc. I will never buy another lg phone again.

This phone has many nice features but also some major flaws.Pros- great screen, colorful, good cameraCons- it's already had to be replaced twice. For some reason the phone shuts itself off constantly. The battery life is also not so good.

The LG ENV touch was my first entry to touch-based screens (I'm still waiting for the iPhone for Verizon - let's hope for early 2011) and I have had it for a year because if I have given a review when I first got it, I would probably have written and raved about it.  But here is my feelings about the phone afterward.After I purchased the LG ENV Touch, it seemed in July 2009, it seemed that right after, there were a good number of better phones that came out right after.  Droid-based phones, new touch devices and granted, this is common and the fact that this phone did not need a data plan which was convenient.But if you are planning to get the LG ENV Touch, there are three things I do recommend. And if anything, you can learn from my mistakes as I tend to drop my cell phones and well, not take the best care of them, like I should.1.  Buy a screen protector - Had this in my suit jacket along with my keys and sure enough, big nice scratch on the screen (sigh).2.  Buy a case protector.  No, not the thin ones for aesthetics.  I'm talking like those Body Glove protectors that are thick because I've dropped this phone many times.  You could try your best and not try to drop it but things happen and in my case, it has created this warping around edge of the top right (obviously some screen damage).3.  Buy a micro SD card.  No you don't have to buy an expensive version, don't be fooled by "cell phone only" as Micro SD card is the same no matter what. With that being said, I've read people not having any success but using Sandisk cards which I do use and I purchased it cheap like $2.99.  Do not spend over $15 for one.  Shop around.POSITIVES:- Great for texting and also for those who use it as an MP3 device to listen to music or podcasts.  Great for those who need to store a database as you can read your excel spreadsheets, documents and PDF's.- Great keyboard, easy to use.- Not that hard to use bitpim on but much easier to load your ringtones on your Micro SD card.- Ease of use.  First time, it might take an hour but after that, you'll get the hang of it.- Connection to your computer via USB to transfer files (to the Micro SD card) is easy.- Quick charge via USB.- Love the speaker phone.- Easy to use apps.- Views .wmv videos quite fine.NEGATIVES:- Battery life - Like most cell phones, you may need an extended battery depending on your use.- This is where I recommend the case because I've dropped this and now the sensitive touch screen will not work that well, I have to flip it on to get it to work. To make things worse, I need to keep the lock on because it starts acting like it's possessed and starts acting on its own as if someone is trying to do several inputs.  Weird.- Photos are not as clear as my wife's Samsung touch phone- Views .wmv videos but very few formats and they have to be several minutes not long.  Tried to put a movie and video wouldn't work, just audio.Overall, The ENV Touch is a very good phone for the basic use having a cell phone and of course, bells and whistles to accompany it. It's not a smart phone, so no data service is required.Since mine is the first generation, one can wonder what LG will have next for the next generation of it.  But learn my situation and get the screen protector and a thicker holder/protector and also a Micro SD card (since they are cheap these days).

It's price has dropped to $49.99 for those who don't have a contract. I wonder what the price is when you already have a contract. This looks like a really cool phone and probably way better than my enV2.

This phone is OK.  It has one big problem though.  When I leave it in my pocket it keeps turning itself on.  The side buttons on the phone are very sensitive and if they rub against something in my pocket it turns the phone on to open a line and then it starts jumping around the icons on the screen against junk in my pocket.  It is sometimes connected to the web and I don't even know it.  This runs up the web connect time and runs down the battery before I know it.  The only way to avoid this is to completely turn the phone off but then I don't know if anyone is calling me.  Try a different phone instead of this one.  I'm stuck with it for another year.

I have had this phone for 12 months.  I hunted for a phone that would meet my needs and not require a 3G hook up.  I wanted a calendar/dateboook, camera, texting, an alarm, and the ability to download new ringtones.  I know, most phones can do this, but not all and many that do have features and costs I did not want.  My needs are pretty basic.  I use this phone all the time.  It is always with me.  I text my husband and kids throughout the day, use it for my alarm clock and datebook,and have the alarm set to go off and remind me of calendar events.  As an impulse buy I also added the Verizon Navigator feature which is fun for directions, weather, and local event information.I do agree that the phone needs some more enginieering.  T9 is ridiculous and frustrating.  It does not recognize word patterns.  I really like the qwerty keyboard.  The keyboard design fits well in my hands.  The phone has made calls when it was supposed to be locked and placed in my purse.  I have not had it turn itself off.  My husband has the same phone.  He has had problems with the phone resetting itself; backgrounds, fonts, and such.As cell phones go and for my needs I would get this phone again.  It is easy to use and I can work around the shortcomings.  If you like T9 or keep your phone in your purse get something else.  It will not be worth the trouble for you.

enVtouch. What's so great about it? About all I can say is the camera. The technology on this phone doesn't work very well. After you've had the phone for a couple months it decides to crap out on you. I have been through five of them. Refurbs, no go. When I first had the phone it was amazing. Then a couple months into it, my screen started blacking out, the screen will change colors, be unresponsive, turn itself off, and horrible battery life. My biggest problem is battery life and it turning on and off. Battery life is horrible, once I had charged it all night, took it off the charger and I had two bars. Once it turned itself off 15 times in one day. I mean even if you set it down it will cut off. And not to mention you will get "Unknown" phone calls that won't let you answer or ignore. To fix that you must do a hard restart. All in all I do not recommend this phone, and I cannot wait till I am able to own a smartphone and rid these problems once and for all.

I had huge expectations for this phone when I originally bought it a year ago. My previous phone was a slim and tiny silver Razr, and upgrading to the Env Touch has been a tough transition because the Env touch is big and bulky in my pocket and but I often find myself trying to figure out the best place to place the phone. But since it plays music, video, and internet, obviously it has to be big and I'll stop complaining about how large it is.The main problem I've had has been figuring out HOW to put my music and video onto the phone. I purchased a 8gb SanDisk micro card and came across a youtube video by Violingirl321 "How to transfer vids and pics from your LG EnV Touch to your pc with a micro sd card" that was extremely helpful in figuring out the trick of transferring onto the phone and the best way to synch the phone and computer together and how to transfer the pics and videos onto my 8gb micro card. The only thing I can think of as to why it is so difficult to transfer my music from my computer onto the phone is, one, I'm dumb, and two, maybe Verizon deliberately makes it difficult so people will just pay for the V Cast/ Rhapsody music subscription for another $15 or so a month.My next dilemma was trying to figure out how to play avi movies (like Friday, Hangover, etc.) on my phone. I came across a converter called Videora that seems to work well into switching avi into mp4, and it's free. I've only got a 45 minute "Lost Room" tv show to work/play on the phone on my first attempt, but hopefully wont have any problems converting and playing a full length movie. Great picture quality I must say.I have been pretty disappointed with the camera. Takes forever for the picture to take once the button is pressed and the pics usually come out blurry. I have used the phones camera for work/taking picture of homes for architectural purposes, but now just bring along my Sony Cybershot for photos.One thing that irked me regarding the service is when I asked customer service to cancel internet access because I found internet (and still do) difficult and awkward to use, they told me that internet (and paying for internet)is mandatory for this phone. Unfortunately that was not what the Verizon worker that sold me the phone told me. He made it clear that internet service was optional and could be canceled at any time. The extra cost is not too bad, but it's the priciple of being told one thing...Makes me think next time I buy a phone I should write out everything the worker/seller promises and have him or her sign it before I leave the store! But I will say Verizon's service has been much better then nightmare T-Mobile's.One thing that I am worried about now that I have learned how to load movies onto the phone, is will the battery last for a complete movie? I do have the problem with a fully charged battery going from 4 bars to 2 by connecting to the internet and simply checking my email for 5 minutes. I agree with many reviews here that the battery life stinks going from 2 bars to turning off just by using the phone for a small period of time.In conclusion, after initially purchasing the phone I would have given it a 1 star, but after figuring out how to load it with my pics and music and figuring out how to play movies on the phone I will give it 3 stars. Just be aware that it sure does have a lot of flaws.

battery goes from charged to dead at the drop of a hat. background switches when it ever it wants. keyboard switched to spanish one day.the touch dial sucks too many irratations there to mention. makes calls when the phone is in my pocket even when supposedly lockedI am stuck with this POS until feb 2011

In the first six months that I've owned this phone, I've had 2 replacements and at least 5 software updates that take almost an hour to perform in the V-store.  The biggest problem I've had is the phone shutting down for no reason, sometimes as much as 4 times a day.  I use my cell as my main phone line, so this has caused issues.  My phone still looks as new as the day I bought it, so it not been mistreated.  Also, the touch screen isn't that great either.  I will never buy a LG Phone again.

This LG phone started shutting down randomly 2-3 times per week after about 8 months. After 14 months it started shutting down 2-3 times daily. Neither LG or Verizon would replace it since it was older than 12 months, eventhough it is a common LG problem. If you search the web you will find many users with the same problems. After several calls and very poor responses to my inquires from LG I conclude also that their customer service is severly lacking and incompetent in responding to this problem. I strongly recommend you avoid buying LG phones. I will never buy another LG product.

This review will likely be updated as I continue to test this phone.After about 3 years of using Samsung A930 and Verizon's $[...] payment to continue with their plan, and another $[...] rebate from LG, I have switched to LG-VX11000 at a final price of $[...].Why?Because the battery life with the Samsung phone was reduced to less than a day, and even after buying a new battery, it seemed to discharge very quickly. Secondly, writing the obligatory LOLs or OMGs without a QWERTY keyboard was really getting annoying, but this is strictly a secondary reason.I looked at other Samsung phones, but the one I liked--the one with the eInk keyboard--did not have microUSB charger...it had its own charger. One lesson learned from the past is that chargers must be standardized, and microISB seems like a fair attempt at that. This LG phone use this standard, so it's easy and cheap to get a charger from a local general store. Coolness of eInk cannot surpass that.Many other reviews have mentioned many cool things about this phone, but one perspective I'd like to bring to table that maybe new is this: When the phone is unfolded partially it seems to create a sound barrier to keep ambient noise out of the conversation.UPDATE: (Sep. 26, 2010)It's been a year now and I must say I continue to love this phone. I did come across a bit of an annoyance and found a fix relatively quickly. However I didn't see the fix in the Internet, so I decided to add this little note: It is possible that when you insert your MicroSD card, the phone does not recognize the memory card, and may say "CARD NOT INSERTED". At this point, simply take out the battery to let the phone reset itself such that it will recognize the card once you put the battery back in. I hope this is helpful for others.

When I first got this phone in Feb. 2010, I LOVED it! So easy to use, the speakers were terrific, and the camera could take a crystal clear picture of an ant! About 4-5 months in, the phone kept resetting itself back to factory specs. Didn't think much of it; I figured it was because of updates or something. So I would reconfigure it to my specs. The virtual keypad I don't think ever came up. I'd have to use the internal one to get VM. When scrolling thru pictures, either it would go very fast or open where ever my finger was. Hard to find a picture! This past summer, the touch screen started acting funny. I'd touch the screen and the icon would just move - not open. 2 weeks ago, it crapped out. It started doing all these things by itself, like calling my brother. I would hear the "clicking" sound coming from it while it was sitting on the counter (possessed perhaps?) Now,I can't even "slide" the screen up. (yes I've removed the battery numerous times to reset it). It works fine from the internal keypad, but who wants to be on speakerphone every time? I had to dig out my old LG Wave and have it re-activated. It's 4 years old and works great still! I'm so bummed though about the LG nv Touch. I really liked this phone! It was perfect for me. I cannot believe in this day and age the quality is so crappy!

It seemed inevitable:*  I had been using a simple flip phone for several years.  I deserved an upgrade.*  Apple had just introduced new models and all the reviewers said some flaws on earlier models had been corrected.*  Apple had lowered the price of the 16GB model to $200. Seemed like a bargain.*  There are a gazillion "apps" that will run on the IPhone. Surely one of them would make me smarter, quicker, more productive.*  My nieces and nephews can't stop playing with their IPhones.*  I already had a desktop computer, a laptop, and a netbook. Buying a "handtop" seemed a natural progression.*  All the "beautiful people" have IPhones - I can see them in celebrity pictures, holding on to them like security blanketsSo I trucked on down to my local Apple store and got an IPhone demonstration from the courteous, articulate, and helpful young salesman. He smoothly and expertly sized me up as someone not interested in games on an IPhone and demonstrated a variety of productivity and ease of use features.He let me try out the virtual keyboard on his IPhone and it worked fine for me.  He explained to me that the wonders of the web could be mine with the IPhone and the required $30 per month data plan - less than I was paying for broadband service for my other computers, as he pointed out.I was sold.But just to fill the rest of the day I wandered on over to Best Buy to play with all the other IPhone pretenders. After a period of button pushing and handset handling, doubts began to arise about my IPhone purchase decision.As I held the non-IPhones, I began to appreciate the comfort and advantages of data entry with a physical keyboard. I realized that with a virtual keyboard, the keys, your clumsy little fingers, and whatever text was being displayed, were all competing for the same scarce 3" of display space.More troubling, in the days that followed I searched through the various reviews of the "best" apps for the IPhone and found there was only a few that held any interest at all for me.It began to appear that I might lose my chance to join the "beautiful people."The LG Touch must be one of the largest and heaviest cell phones currently made.And I love every inch and ounce of it.  Tiny controls on cell phones may be fine for 20 YOs, but not for 60 YOs.The Touch combines the convenience of the external touch screen for phone use, with the huge (OK, about 4" wide) internal physical keyboard for data entry.The real deal-killer for the IPhone was the required monthly $30 data plan.  Over a 24 month contract, my $200 IPhone was going to cost me $920!  Verizon also offers a data plan for the Touch for $15 a month - I guess a bargain.However, they also offer a pay-per-go plan of $1.99 for every megabyte of data you transmit\receive.  Certainly, if you plan to regularly browse typical web pages you are going to need a monthly data plan.  However, trying to read the home page of the NY Times on a 3" screen seems to me to be an exercise in masochism.I limit my browsing to the "mobile" versions of the larger commercial websites.  They are generally all text.  They load very quickly. You don't have to "pan and zoom" over a page built for 15" monitors in order to read them.  And most important, on the days when I have to go on-line the costs are measured in pennies, not dollars.Earlier I mentioned my "productivity" requirements. Ordinary productivity features such as contact lists, voice mail, alarms, and texting are a breeze on the Touch.Beyond this, my other productivity needs when I'm away from my desk, mostly involve lists and reference materials that I need to access. You can "sync" this stuff on a variety of phones but I've hated the wires and procedures of  "syncing" since the days of my first Palm PDA.If the material is just something to which I will need to refer, I format it in a MS Word document in 12 pt type, for a custom sized 4" wide x 11" page.  Reads perfectly on the Touch. (Didn't I mention that the Touch will read MS Word documents -- but won't edit them)  I then copy the Word file to the memory card of the Touch and I'm offIf the material is something I expect to have to edit on the Touch, I either create it or copy it on a Google Document or Task file.  Google has a "mobile" portal for both these types of documents. Once again, these Google mobile files read easily on the Touch.  Edits made on the Touch are automatically saved on Google, and I can access the revised files on any of my other computers.Of course, you can type notes directly on the Notepad program of the Touch - or even type notes in an email draft. But as much as I value the 4" keyboard on the Touch, I still try to type on a "real" keyboard for any significant amount of data entry.So that's the story of my lost IPhone.  I'm sure over the next 24 months of my phone contract I'll find some warts on the LG Touch. But for now, it was the right choice for me.

I have the same phone, got it on the first day it was out.  I don't have a leather case nor am I placing it near any other magnets... and, it loves to shut down, randomly... Otherwise, I love the phone.. I've exchanged it once already, so I too hope they get this problem fixed!

Being a button pusher, I wasn't sure how much I'd like this phone but I love it.  It didn't take any time at all to adjust to the touch screen.  This phone can do it all without the extra costs of the smartphone.  I can check my email, LOVE the visual voice mail, and can surf the net.  While the screen is plenty big to do all that I need it to do, it is a little small for net surfing. (You'd have the same problem on any phone.)  But, if I really need to surf the net, it's there for me.  The most impressive thing about this is that it's NOT a smartphone but works just like one!!

Finding a phone with everything you want can be hard. Luckily I found the env touch and it has exactly what I wanted. The env touch has a touch screen and a full keyboard. I cant text on a touch screen but I wanted one. It works out both ways. There is a shortcut menu on the front screen so you can choose which shortcuts to put into it. If you are a person who texts a lot you would like this phone. There is a touch keyboard and a full keyboard. It also organizes your texts by the people you are texting into categories. This phone is good if you take a lot of pictures. I just got this phone and I have a lot of pictures on it already. It's capable of holding a lot. If you like small phones this may not be the best phone for you. Its very chunky but I don't mind it. This phone works for me because it has a touch screen but also opens to a keyboard. If you are looking for both too, this is the phone for you.Samantha vblock 3

I received the enV touch as a used phone from a friend, she said it had water damage, and abandoned it for a year before giving it to me. However, when I reincarnated it that day, (The enV3 cord also works for the enV Touch!)the phone worked perfectly. I was ecstatic!A brief history of my past cell phones: A long way back, I owned an enV3. I loved it, until I jumped in the pool with it, and all the keys were screwed up forever. I then got a Samsung Intensity, which only now made me appreciate how LUCKY I was to have an enV3. It was an awful, slow phone with a horrible camera with no video recording, and was the worst phone for messaging,ever. (Isn't it supposed to be a MESSAGING phone!?)But the enV Touch surpassed all my other phones, and my expectations. I guess the enV Touch is a high-end phone? You got that right! The thing sends texts in a flash, can actually send/receive multiple texts, and the keyboard is so spacious! I was even more impressed with the camera stills, the camera was better than the one on my enV3, and it actually FOCUSES. I never had a cell phone camera that did this.I was even more surprised with the features hidden more deeply inside. There was a little tab on the right side of the touchscreen. When it is tapped, it brings up a menu for shortcuts. At the bottom of the screen, where it says "Add", there is a large list of programs the act like apps. For example, the clock widget, you can choose and drag to the home screen. Other apps include a drawing program, a calculator, and games. Tetris, an accelerometer- based Need for Speed race game, and a very sophisticated survival type game, Resident Evil. ----- All these things are free, btw.In conclusion, this is the best phone I have owned up to now. I am in love with it, and even though the phone is relatively old, I don't think I will be switching phones anytime soon.

The first thought that came to mind when I heard about the LG enV Touch was that this was a replacement for the LG Voyager.  After all, it is a touchscreen phone with a clamshell-style QWERTY keyboard.  But the moment I tested this phone, I knew I was in for something special.  It's not quite a smartphone, but not just a messaging phone either.  I'd say it's one of the finest multimedia phones on the market right now.  And you cannot go wrong with Verizon's fast EV-DO/3G network.The front of the phone features a three-inch touchscreen display where you can access everything--e-mail, texts, phone calls, voicemail, the web, music, YouTube and other videos, etc.  It's got a 3.2 MP camera with video-recording capabilities.  The MicroSD card is expandable to up to 16GB.  The external screen is similar to the ones found in the Dare and Voyager, only with a more refined and responsive touchscreen.  It's got a good accelerometer, so you can view and write stuff in both normal and landscape mode.  If you want to switch to the physical QWERTY keypad, simply flip the phone open from the right side and continue to text, web surf, etc.  Text messages are more organized now.  Each correspondent/correspondence is kept together.  For example, all texts and e-mails to "Sarah" are kept together in a chat-style format (similar to the ones in the iPhone and Palm Pre), which makes it much more organized.  Replying to texts has become easier too.  All you have to do is open the new text and the Reply box is right underneath the message.  Very nice and organized.  (The enV3 also has this feature.)  You can view web pages in HTML format (ditto with the enV3) without many complications and glitches.  The internal QWERTY keypad is nice--keys are comfortable to type on and there are a couple of dedicated buttons, like Favorites and Text.Even though the enV Touch seems to feature all of the things a heavy texter/video-and-Internet-junkie would want, I did find some flaws.* No external speaker.  You'll have to flip the phone open to listen to music.* Ring tones aren't loud enough.  You'll have a hard time hearing your phone ring while outside or around a large crowd.* The app feature could also use some pizzazz.  It pales in comparison to the Apple app store or even the BlackBerry App World.* No WiFi.  I know Verizon wants you to use their 3G network, but come on!  They shouldn't be so greedy.* You cannot set up your MP3 music as ringtones.  You have to go to the VCast store to buy ringtones if you want to personalize your calls.  That is just annoying (and again very greedy on VZW's part).* There are a few glitches here and there.  The phone freezes from time to time and battery life is unpredictable.  Sometimes it runs out faster than others, even when using the same stuff at roughly the same amount of time.That is all I can think of for now.  All in all, the LG enV Touch is probably one of the best phones LG has come out with.  It is a vast improvement from the Dare and more so from the Voyager.  Is it a follow-up to the Voyager?  Doesn't seem to be.  Then again, who cares?  It's a terrific phone.  I still like the enV3 better though.  The aforementioned phone seems more my style.  But if you're looking for the best of both worlds (touchscreen and physical keyboard), and you love to text and use other multimedia functions, and you're on Verizon (or thinking of switching to Verizon), then the enV Touch is worth looking into.  Enjoy.

It is nice and all but I do not see it a my phone for the next few years. I got it this summer and had no problems with it, then unexplicablly the screen cracked o its own. I did not drop it or anything. The screen repaired its self that day to the point where it seemed the crack was non exsistant. But soon after the screen died completely. Not worth the money if you ask me.

UPDATE 10/20/2010Don't ever get the LG touch. Like others have said, mine is now starting to randomly turn off. I'm missing important calls, and when I need to make a call I have to wait for the durn thing to turn on. Only reason I still have it is I'm a broke college kid and I got the thing free. Looks like I'll be going back to Samsung phones.Overall, I really like this phone. I can start by saying it's durable and reliable. My dad had it for 3 years, then when he switched to the Droid I got his enV (first touch phone for me, whoo whoo (: ). I've had it now for about 6 months. It sill works great, it's still on the first battery. It keeps a charge for a while, and I plug it in every night even if it dosn't need a charge. It handles you tube videos, almost every website I've went on, and the music that comes out of it is great, what with the dolby surround. The sound is even good on external speakers, something my previous phone wasn't good at. I don't do texting (I TALK to people), but my sis has used it a few times and from what she says it's good for that. I take pictures at college and send them to my folks all the time, works great.I have just two problems with it. One is that the video camera records in terrible quality. The other problem concerns the power button. I carry it in my front jeans pocket, and for some reason the power button gets pressed and it turns off. I just ordered a snap-on case, hopefully that will fix the problem.

The LG Env Touch seemed to be the perfect phone for me... Loved that I could read texts and speed dial with just the touch of a button.  But also love that when I want to send a text I just have to flip it open and type it out with ease...All was well until my screen started freezing on me about 4 mths after I got it, and would black out while on a call so couldn't access the dial pad to type in my password for voice mail or push #2 whilst being prompted on an automated call... very frusterating!!! Then my internal screen started fuzzing out... I have not yet had the phone for a year yet and I cannot read anything on the interanl screen now and the whole phone is on the blink... I didn't buy a warranty when I bought this phone , they have all lasted until my two year contract is up, so no help from Verizon... So I am having to pay full price for a replacement phone which totally sucks! I am just hoping they will be able to retrieve all my info before it blinks out completely...

I bought this phone and enjoyed it for about the first week of just playing with it and getting used to it. After that the phone, I noticed, was flawed in design. I carry the phone in my pocket and I bike to class around the city. Placing the call and end call buttons on the front was a bad idea. Whenever I am working and lifting things or riding my bike the button will get pressed without me even knowing and will shut off. The lock that was created is very poor as well. A imitation of the iphones lock, but practically useless here. You dont even need to slide the screen all the way up to unlock it. You can just touch it and it will unlock. Combining this flaw with my pocket means my phone enjoys calling random contacts. This flaw has caused nothing but trouble. If you are in a labor job or you carry your phone and do a lot of moving around this is not your phone.The touch screen doesn't work well at all either. You can press one key and it will read the press inaccurately and will assume what you pressed making life hell when your busy on the phone.I've had this phone now for two months and I already want to throw it out the window! It's very frustrating!If your looking for a phone to play with and not using it truly seriously then this is your phone!I can't wait till apple gets the iphone to Verizon. Life will be soooo much easier!

I got this phone about a year and a half ago when I first got it it was the BEST phone I have had well.... have times have changed still consider these facts ive gotten my phone a little wet in the rain and dropped it a fair share of times. Lets rewind a year in a half I loved the key board and the touch screen its like 2 in one the camera had good quality for a phone and i loved the way it was set up. Now? I wanna throw it out the door. It shuts off ALL the time. After i type a message on the key board and close the phone it cuts off and my message wanst sent but sometimes it does send and it doesnt show up. If i set it down on the table or something it shuts down. It occasionally goes blank like a deer in head lights. I fully charged it earlier in about 30 minutes dead. Yea time to go get a droid!

I received my phone sometime in October 2009 when I switched service from a well-known provider to another well-known provider. Good phone, however, way too many moving parts for what I need. I just need a cell phone to make my phone calls and to to send regular text messages -- if you are in the same boat, them simplify.

I NEED HELP/ADVISE!!! I had the Dare which was great for about 1 year then started shutting off and screen would lock. It would always unlock in my pocket and call people at random. Contract was up so I thoroughly researched all phones and decided on the enV touch since a standard keypad is a necessity for texting (learned that the Dare touch screen was a horrible way to text with either the phone pad or the qwerty)I received phone on 9/3. I liked it right away. The screen was nice and the flip open qwerty keyboard was a bonus.  The thing I instantly didn't like was the battery life. I have never had a phone with such a short battery life.  I am charging it at least once/day or two and have been stuck with a turned off phone in my purse without charger.  Well, found out it is shutting itself off even when the battery still has a charge......hmmm.Another thing, when i call numbers like my bank or my voicemail, the external screen goes black and i cannot get it to allow me to enter any passwords without flipping open the phone and then shutting it again. I know it can flip open and i can use keyboard but it activates speaker phone which i don't want the world to know who/what i am calling.  When i shut it the screen comes on with the screen locked, i have to unlock then i am able to enter password, etc.  I have tried changing the settings (there is a setting specifying that screen will not shut off for certain numbers like toll-free or custom numbers, but after messing with all of the settings i have had no luck).So, last night while calling in a prescription to my pharmacy and having to open phone and attempting to use qwerty keyboard to enter info (except no way to accurately hit # key without shutting phone and using external touch screen) my internal screen locked and the display had rainbow colored lines with no visualization of the info. I shut the phone and the external screen looked the same. I could press numbers and hear the beeps but nothing on screen but lines.  I tried to hold end key and shut off phone, the phone beeped as it recognized the button being pressed but the it would not shut off. I had to take battery out and place back in which came back on and screens were back to normal.What to do now? Called verizon, they said i could return phone and get another since in 30 day period so I asked them to send phone and I will send this one back when I receive it.  Now I am contemplating if I want another one since this already happened on a brand new phone. I have never had any initial problems with any of my previous verizon phones and my 30 day exchange period is running out. I am thinking about going to a blackberry since i already pay addt'l $25 per month for data/text plan and it would only be addt'l $5 for basic blackberry plan. I am just nervous to get STUCK with a blackberry plan for next 2 years if i am not happy. I can cancel my current data plan at any time.Please Help!! I would like any suggestions. I hope this is just a fluke but I cannot have faith in a phone that is new and already has problems.Do the other smartphones like the HTC touch require a data plan contract?  I need help!!!!

After a really bad experience with t-mobile I decided to go with verizon and purchased the lg-11000 phone. I've had it a little over a month and it is fantastic I would recommend it to anyone.I only experience one minor problem with it.While in fla I was unable to send anyone pics from there. I had the phone checked and it turned out the phone had the wrong software in it.Verizon upgraded the phone at no cost and it only took about ten minutes to do. I believe the reason for this was I purchased the phone from amazon.com and it just have been something sitting around in stock.No big problem and they took care of it right away. I truly love this phone and the verizon service is great!  Darryl

This phone eats battery power like no other phone I have had. The touch pad is overly sensitive. I keep my phone inside a hard case in my purse. Somehow a menu button gets pushed and the phone stays in that mode, does not shut off, so when I pull my phone out of my purse I find it with a dead battery. This happens even if charged the night before. Roaming also eats battery life. My train to work only spends about 10 minutes in tunnels without signals and by the time I get home at night, my phone is dead. I have taken to putting my phone in airplane mode so that it won't waste power searching for non-existent signals.And with the overly sensitive touch screen, I have problems opening items. If I don't hit the icon directly in the middle all it does is move the icon slightly and the item doesn't open. I calibrated my touch and it didn't change a thing. Trying to navigate phone menus is especially difficult because you lose the keypad during the phone message and trying to get it back without your touch corresponding to some number in the menu is impossible. I lost an important voicemail that way.The only positive thing about this phone is the inside keypad and screen that makes it easy to surf the net but as there is no microphone or speaker inside - you can't use it as a phone with the clamshell open.Never never again.

Terrible, terrible phone. It shuts off randomly, the inner keyboard isn't sensitive enough, making it difficult to text, and the touch keyboard is WAAAAAAAY too sensitive, meaning it pocket dials constantly. And when it pocket dials, it doesn't just do it once either...it usually calls people twenty or thirty times in a row.The internet works terribly and things often don't load completely, video doesn't load at all.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. PERIOD.

The idea of two screens is good on paper but not executed very well. I find myself disliking the exterior screen and not using it. I've had mine for about 2 months.The GoodIts a good size, not too small, not too big.The camera takes great pictures but the fancy features (such as "smile" - takes a picture when it detects a smile) don't seem to work. The flash works well and is nice and bright.The internet "navigate" menu is handy and if you make an error going to a site, you can push "stop" and it actually does so you don't have to wait for it to load before starting over.Its nice have a QWERTY keyboard.The BadFirst, when the phone rings, you have to touch the outside screen to unlock it, then touch it again to answer. Right underneath that is "end call" and if you touch it accidentally too many times, you hang up on your caller. At the same time, when the phone rings and it is in your purse or pocket, if you touch any part of the screen when getting it out, it answers, like it or not, so you can't screen your calls.The touch screen (even when it is "locked") still turns on if something touches it, like in your pocket or purse, so you find it dialing people you don't want to, etc.I have personalized ring tones, but that doesn't work for text message so I can't tell who those are from. My old 7 year old phone even had that feature. If you had a ringtone attached to someone's number, any communication from them used that ringtone. Not so on the Envy touch.The phone turns itself off at least once a week when it is just sitting on my desk, etc.I would like to have more control over settings such as answering, touch screen features, etc.I had the V9 text mode set at first but the words it gave me were way out there, not even close to what I was writing and I'm a good speller. So I type it all out myself.Overall, I'm not really thrilled with it and wouldn't recommend it to friends.

First, the good--very strong telephone reception.  Decent camera, which is to be expected.Now, the bad--as a phone, which what this supposedly is, it's terrible.  It turns on and off whenever it feels like, some of which is probably due to the hyper-sensitive touch function.  When I think it's on it's often off and vice versa.  Sometimes it reverses function when it's not even touched at all, other times when I dare (!) to actually try and carry it in my pocket. Like making pocket calls?  This piece of high tech junk made three of them in a row last night.  Yet when I actually needed the phone the other night to report a reckless driver in my neighborhood to the local police, the phone had turned itself off right after I'd just turned it on.  Precious seconds were lost and so was the chance to apprehend the aggressive driver.  Think about this if you ever need a phone to use in an emergency.Forget the Internet function:  You have to use the clumsy Bing to access it and even when you're online the response is slow and the screen is tiny.  I didn't buy this phone from Verizon to access the Internet, but to actually use the phone I was extorted by the company, forced to pay a $10 monthly fee to get something I didn't even want.  I have all the mobile online access I need through my Ipod, which works better in every way than the EnV, which isn't really very EnViable at all.But there's more: A couple of weeks ago an unintentional touch on my part turned on this annoying female robotic voice that essentially spoke each function I used out loud.  "Settings!"  "Tools!"  And the fix wasn't in the user's manual either:  I had to go online and research comments from other annoyed users.  The fix was found buried pretty deep in the phone, too.In terms of just a pure phone, this one is the worst cell I've ever had.  Yeah, it's got bells and whistles, the kind everyone seems to want these days but that also probably help wreck the basic phone function.  I don't understand the fascination with touch phones, especially this one.  I hope someone designs a more sophisticated flip phone soon that makes the term "pocket call" (and its various derivatives LOL) obsolete.  This phone is simply flashy junk.

I upgraded to the LG enV Touch after using a motorola Krzr k1m (it was the worst phone I've ever owned!). I was a little skeptical of the idea of only having a touch screen QWERTY because most of the phones I tried that only had a touch screen didn't have as much accuracy (i.e. I'd try to type in something like "hey what's up" and it would come out "jeu ehsts up" or something like that). I considered the LG Versa, but I didn't like the idea of having a detachable keyboard. Then I saw that Verizon was planning to release an updated version of the Voyager, I decided to give it a try and fell in love with it!Pros:-LG has drastically improved their touch screens.-The touch screen response is great.-Texts are organized by the sender (similar to the iPhone).-Not slow like a few of the earlier touch screen models.-Have the option of using the QWERTY on the external screen or the hard QWERTY when you flip the phone open.Cons:-Browser needs some adjusting.-Fingerprint magnet.-Still on the bulky side.-Not many display themes, but this is really trivial.I think that for the most part, these problems can be overlooked (depending on what your needs are). I'd definitely recommend this phone to someone looking for a good touch screen phone with a hard QWERTY.

Absolutely great, well-rounded phone! I love all of the features, the touch screen is fluid, looks great too. I'd say its the best non-smartphone on the site. The thing is, why buy smartphone when 'dumbphones' do the same thing?

Had this phone this summer, and truly was the best phone I have ever owned. Awesome screen, and lets you make it your own. Love all the setting and shortcuts. I was alway using the internet and loved how it could flip open to navigate just like a pc. the only bad thing was that it was not Mac friendly. As a graphic design - photography Major I found this phone super useful. I think this phone is a most for anyone that love having all they music and photos with them at all times. the sound quality was awesome, the music player was useful. the only down side is the fact that it was hard to text on the outside touch screen and the short life. If i was not such a nice son and traded phones with my mother I would still have it. but my mother who is 60 yo text and tweets and updates her facebook all the time now, which makes keeping in touch easy. I think LG makes awesome phones and have one of the best phones on the market. byfar the best phone for verizon.
