
The phone comes with several problems, where you enter the sim card is broken, I could update you the softwere. I'm really unhappy with the product

Phone arrived on time and in good condition. Packaging was the right one.2 weeks in, the screen plastic fell off. We had to repair it.3 weeks in, the screen plastic broke.

I love it. :-) I am able to do things, check my emails, chatting with friends, and play my games.

well it worked for like a day and then turn off and now i cant get it to work never buying from the guid shop unless i can get some in return and i will also give bad review

I initially purchased the White I phone  3gs  but that  one didn't work properly. So I was sent  a new phone, the new phone was the Black iPhone 3gs which was not my original purchase. So I am still  not happy with that. AM trying to  contact  Wireovia to get the correct  item that I originally ordered but still no support.Would give  zero stars but  Amazon won't let me do it.Not happy with this one :(

The iPhone 3GS I received was not new nor was it unlocked. It was a jail broken 2009 ATT iPhone 3GS, so old that it was outside of the factory warranty period (even if it had not been jail broken).I found that the phone was not a factory unlocked Apple iPhone when I updated the software on the iPhone.  The iPhone locked up.  It spent most of a day trying to find out the cause of the phone suddenly not functioning.  The ten hours of work on the problem culminated in a two hour visit to an Apple Store where I learned that Wireovia had sold me a jail broken 2009 ATT iPhone 3GS, not a new unlocked one as advertised.Initially, when I contacted and explained the item I had received was not the one advertised, Wireovia response was to suggest that Apple was making up stuff. I explained to them why this assertion was incorrect. Apparently, Wireovia thinks a 2009 iPhone with a major unauthorized software modification and no warranty is the same as a new iPhone.  I, on the other hand, do not.  I then explained that there was a considerable difference between the item described and what they sold me.Wireovia finally reluctantly agreed to refund my money.Wireovia, however, has been less than quick in refunding my money.  And the refund has been less than full.  The refund Wireovia finally did give was not a full refund on the purchase price--they shorted me $50 when they sent me an obviously wrongly identifed item--let alone the shipping to and from for which they are also liable.Obviously, I am not happy with the seller.  Nor was I happy with the phone as it was not an unlocked iPhone but a jail broken one.If you don't want a jail broken 2009 iPhone, you may want to avoid Wireovia.  No matter who the seller is, you probably will need to have the seller be very specific in telling you what you will be receiving.BTW, Amazon's own policy states that selling jail broken iPhones is prohibited, at least as of today.  If these iPhones are prohibited items, why does Amazon continue to allow them to be sold?  Amazon should either stop the sales on its site or remove jail broken iPhones from the prohibited list.

I really love this phone,it is brand new, it looks beautiful and clean. Package comes everything which include phone, Charger'Headphones and so on. Seller provides good  customer service before and after I bought this product, he always email me back if I have any questiones about this product. I will recommend this product and seller to my friends. thanks to this seller again.

So far I can't get this phone to backup or update.  I don't know if it is because of the phone, or because I can't update, a lot of the action buttons are missing.  When I looked it up, it says to backup and update to a more current operating system.  Well today is like the 5th time I am trying to update, it goes so far in Step 1 and then STOPS.  I bought a sim card and put into the phone, everything works except mms/picture messaging.  If I had to do it again, I would NOT have purchased this phone.  I would have spent extra money to get away from the hassles of this phone.  Sometimes saving a little money isn't worth the headache!!

Hey!Got my Used iPhone 3Gs 32GB Unlocked phoneIn the mail today AND in perfect condition!After updating and some music down loading...Popped in my sim card (outta my work phone),it's up, running like Lucky Charms and it's free!Well... Not suppose to use the work phone for personalcalls plus the data network is locked out.Sooooo, I just turn OFF the Cell network completely,when at home, use my home WiFi (or the local coffeeshop's) and I'm back to full phone Capabilitieswith in coming and out going calls!Just like using an unlimited phone account.Kinda hard to read and navigate for an old GuyBut, everyone's gotta Love that voice calling and phone navigation!!!Oh yeah, it's playing loud music on my Sterio right now,tells me I have an in coming call, who it is, turnsdown the music to Pause, for me to take the call, callcomes in loud & clear over the speakers and resumes afterwards!  ...Leaving me Gasping in Amazement!-Good bye phone company-

I was concerned about purchasing a used phone online - the phone that arrived was exactly as adverstised and in great shape with no performance problems.  Would purchase from this company again!

i like it and im still using that more for music and call jejeje i like the phone thanks a lot

It is an excellent phone.  It does everthing that is supposed to do.  It is fast and in great shape.I got the product I expected and the shipment was fast.  Now I am using it in Costa Rica because it was unlocked.  I love it!

I want to know because you sent a used phone, when I made ''the purchase was for a new phone.The iPhone you sent me had already been disarmed do not know which reason, when I gave him to buy was confident that the person who is the other side of my computer was trustworthy, the iphone had problems with the Volume Up buttonI want an answer for what happened, and I'm not happy, do not forget that people like you depend on customers, if you want a bright future should clarify these things before selling them.

As advertised. Works. Came with extras. Priced well. Didn't have to physically deal with anyone else in order to buy. Now if they could only come up with some kind of flying contraption to do away with that pesky mail carrier.

This product worked great and was exactly what I needed. Though it is a bit outdated, which I traded it in not too long after, I enjoyed this series and would recommend still.

the  second ipone sund seistem was not good the the thered one the chareger was broken i bought from radio shack any ways thankyou for asking me

Bought this phone for international use. I was very pleased with the product conditions, and extremely satisfied with the product seller. I would definitely buy from the Guild Shop again. Great phone for anyone wanting the basic benefits of an smart phone without the large upfront cost of the newest models on the market.

problem with charging and volume too low. charging not supported with this accessory. even if volume is full the sound or caller voice to low to hear.After 6 months, the device stopped to work without a reason. I cant turn it on. when plug into a wall outlet it works but once unplug it is a blank screen. it power off and the sleep/wake button cant turn it on. reset cannot fix it. I am sorry I am disappointed. This is my 3rd device from this company.

I never owned an iphone before. This one is great, even though the iphone 4 and 5 likely have faster data rates and added applications. For my own uses, I will not be doing data transfers. I will be listening to music, using the built in GPS, and using the telephone, along with other apps. The clarity of the iphone 3gs far exceeds my old LG Verizon cell phone. And I used to access a separate GPS receiver, instead of the 3GS's built in GPS receiver. AT&T was cordial and helpful in transferring service from Verizon. The process took thirty minutes, I didn't expect it to take so long. The AT&T prepaid rates are equal to Verizon's.

This was a very good solution with a fair price to someone that needs the functionality of a smartphone without having the top/high end device.

I ordered 2 iPhones from  CarAmpAndSpeaker on January 1st. Due to personal reasons, I only received the phones on February 27th (we live in Europe). When I opened the package I tried the 1st phone which worked great.While connecting the 2nd phone we noticed a stain right under the display. After a few hours of connection, the display actually popped out of its casing due to what appeared to be internal pressure.As we were told by an iPhone repair shop in Europe where we live, who carefully checked the phone, it appears that the battery shortcircuitted.As a result, the battery expanded to double its size causing the motherboard located on top of the battery to be bent and make it unusable and further pushing the display out of its casing.All of this was carefully documented with pictures and explained to  CarAmpAndSpeaker. I received a reply from a Mr Meraj/CarAmpAndSpeaker who basically doubted my explanation remarking that the iPhone had probably been dropped, thus questioning what I said.Basically Mr Meraj said that there's nothing else they could do for me since the 20 day warranty had expired, even though I had clearly explained to him the rasons why I only received the phones after the expiry of the warranty as we lived in Europe.Bottomline is that I received a defect item, unusable, and did not receive any sort of understanding from  CarAmpAndSpeaker who were unwilling to review my case. Thus, I will not buy any more items from them. It's a  real pity as this experience left me very frustrated and unsatisfied with the product I received.

Excellent Guy with exceptional iPhones..i had a very good experience for my iPhone 3gs purchase. 100% recommended.

I literally use this phone all day. When I saw that is was unlocked, I thought it was a jailbreak unlock (software). When it arrived at my door (super fast), I was surprised that it was unlocked (hardware) without any jailbreak. I will differently recommend to anyone

The iPhone came in good time,  and is serving me excellently.  I have no complaints whatsoever.Quite glad I made the switch from Nokia to iPhone.

We first received a locked phone, thru emails, seller exchanged for an unlocked quickly.  We thought everything was good, then only realized after a while that the sound only works with speaker or ear piece, otherwise, you can't hear a thing when some calls or when we play musics.  Since it was already after the 30 day period, I didn't want to go thru the trouble to exchange for another phone, we just need to put up with the inconvenience.

SERVICE disastrous! SPEND ALL  MY MONEY IN THIS CELL AND DONT WORKING ... SWINDLER .... NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS IPHONE, AND I LEFT WITHOUT CELL. THAT LITTLE HONESTY YOU HAVE .

Is a very good phone but some function like i tunes I cant use , however they provide that information

Bad services, never reply after I purchased.Item didn't arrive for 1 month.Waste of my time $ money.Finally, I got my money back after I got nothing with over a month of waiting for nothing.

The battery would not hold a charge.  While this item was &#34;unlocked&#34; it was unlocked with software called &#34;Jailbreak&#34;.  As a result of this, it is not possible to download ANY applications.  This is the message that was contained in the box, &#34;The device you purchased is UNLOCKED to be used on ANY GSM Network just by popping in your SIM Card. However, in order to unlock your device we needed to Jailbreak it, which allows us to load the unlocking software to the device.  Once this has been done you can no longer restore or update software on your device within iTunes.  If you do, it can break your phone and it will for sure LOCK up again so you CAN'T use on any GSM Network.  If you attempt to update software on device it WILL VOID your Warranty, we can tell if this has been attempted.&#34;  This makes the phone useless.  I was able to return it for a full refund...minus the $40 shipping cost...

iPhone 3GS is (for now) the latest and greatest mobile phone Apple has launched to our lives. With it the user can experience mobility like never before. It's very easy to use, and within few clicks the user can configure almost any feature of the phone. Unfortunetely, network tethering is disabled in Brazil, because of contract matters. The price is not low but it is sure worth considering the would be headache for buying from the other players (not including Google Android based phones).

We have not yet received the phone, as a Blackberry was sent to us by mistake.  We will review the phone was the correct one is sent to us.

I bought an Iphone 32Gb and received an Iphone 16Gb.The seller sold a product like new when the phone has come open.Came open because they opened the phone to replace the internal memory of 16GB to 32GB.Although the phone is working, I felt cheated because I thought I bought a new product, mounted directly by Apple, as stated in the announcement.Do not recommend buying anything from this seller!

this product wasn't holding a charge at all...what a waste of time and money, seller has to be more specific in writing specifications

Bought this phone for my dad in Russia. He loves it and it works there. Loved the Customer Service, very professional and friendly. They even included a complimentary phone case,very thoughtful. Thank you!

Excellent design. Very nice. Great Value. Original factory unlocked, no jailbreak. An artwork from Apple. Fully updated (according to the model). Happy with my purchase.

Because don't arrived the iphone headphones were included.But the product (Iphone) is very goodI recommend to my friends with observation of headphones

You can not use this with iCloud. If that doesn't matter then you will have a good phone. What I like about iPhone, iPod, iPad, is that they sync through iCloud. If you connect this  to iTunes it will be useless...maybe a second jail break will be needed!

Exactly what it said it would be. Very satisfied! A bit overpriced since its older though. Good buy. : )

I'm surprise about this seller.  He's the best I have ever seen.  He sent me email sometimes and the cellphone will come soon.!

First i thought that the product wasnt good! i saw some points on the screen, while in fact it was just a screen protector, the condition is great, like new! the software is very fast and i am very satisfied with the product! thank you !

Just got the phone right now as I turn it on its broken and side volume is not there......what a waste of money....I will retuned it now....Feel disappointed....in the details it does not say volume side is broken and it does not say lcd is broken it says working......

I purchased this phone, which say includes a charger, i am located in the caribbean and expects it to be good. But, no charger was included only the usb cable. Other than that it says its unlocked, when i received it my thing dont work on it. I need to pay. Extra money to have it done here. The seller promjse to refund and send me the charger but until now nothig reach here.

i will be honest, i have been fooled.  the phone was jailbroken, not unlocked!i went to the Apple store and i was told the phone have been purchased in Australia and wasn't even unused!!!when i contacted the seller they gave me a bad attitude and said i couldn't get the full price back because it was opened.i had to go abroad and didn't have time to return it and i thought it would work. wrong! the software gave up within weeks.and i didn't even update it. bad product, bad costumer service!

The iphone arrived in perfect condition brand new. and was unlocked..delivered on all promises, which I have read, is sometimes not the case!very pleased.

This is my firts apple device, it's a great improvement from my previous phone that had a small memory capacity

I would like to know that if I made the purchase for a New Phone why they sent a used one. I always buy from Amazon, anything I need, from coffee to electronics items. accessories, TVs and so on. My review comes late for the matter of fact that I did not have the opportunity to find out until few days ago that my "New iPhone" was a used one and also it's been locked by Apple as soon I connected to iTune for software updates.In the main time I purchased a New iPhone 4 from an Apple Store in Thailand...perfect, unlocked...I can insert any sim card and it works all the time.Back to Thailand, I brought my iPhone 3 to a store and asked if they can help me to unlock it. Sure they did, however, they find out that the phone is registered on someone's else name..(they asked me if I was sure if the phone was belong to me) and also the touch screen has been replaced ones using glue...I paid $537.97 for a second hand phone...unacceptable..

This is the most courteous merchant I have purchased from on Amazon. When I received the product (It was new,though not in box), there were extra complementary stuff included. The seller also attached a very personal handwritten note wishing me an enjoyable time with the new phone. It was very touching and respectful. I would have given a 7 star rating if that was possible.

The phone came in its original packaging, perfectly new and unused. The only thing missing is a sim card tray, which can be purchased for less than 5usd...

Iphone arrive quick! Very good iphone. New as promised and unlocked. You also get the related things promised by the seller like the case, the data cable and the charger and the screen protector. The screen protector is not a very good one but who cares? I have read so many bad reviews  from other buyers that I am so happy with this vendor. I just bought another screen protector. I love my iphone.Just waiting the seller to relist this item to buy another one for my wife

I am completely satisfied with the product. It works properly and has fast internet access.I recommend it, you won't waste your money

I orderd the item, it arrived on time and I am loving it. Looks and feels great. I am yet to use it in another country but I would certainly recommend especially the seller for the sensitivity to client timing

I bought this phone for my brother in Brazil, The phone is in a good condition!!! I am very satisfied.

It is a good phone. It is fast and in great shape.I got the product I expected and the shipment was fast. Now I am using it. I love it!

excelent item, just as described and everyting else was good. i recomend for shure because the product arrive safe and with the accesories mentioned on the description, the perfomance is like new and i don't regret of anything.

First I got the wrong phone, I had to send it back and then I received a new phone. The postal price should be returned to me. At least, 15 minutes before my depart from Usa  I got a new phone, this time the right  one. This was in November 2012, I still wait for the postal restitution.

This phene is beyond my expectations, I absolutely love it. It is fast, has a lot of features and I want to get another one for my son.

It is good. I am not trying to compare it to the IPhone 5 for example. Has a lot of funktions and easy to use.

This phone came locked and I would have to find someone to unlock it, which would mean an additional fee. Amazon, you should never buy locked phones. It's not fair to pay for the phone and incur extra fees to have them unlocked.

seller delivered what promised. Nothing to report except it is an iPhone if you like iPhone then you can get one, there are new version though :).

This was advertise as unlock but actually it's AT&T unlock only. They le me know at last stage and good are shipped to me. So now I have o pay for shipping o return a product I never requested.I am waiting o see the product and see what o do with it. Have o make anther comments after all this is over on how they (amazon and seller) handle their problem which is now transferred to me.

Great phone for a great price.  It was in good shape for a used phone. I am very happy with my purchase.

The only issue is the battery life ( but I knew that ) because I owned this exact phone once before.

This product was advertised as a "factory unlocked" iPhone.  Since the only factory who can unlock the phone is Apple, I assumed I would be getting a genuinely Apple authorized unlocked iPhone.  Ah, this is not the case.  The phone is brand-new, but immediately upon opening the package, there is a notice from the seller stating that this is a "jailbroken" phone.  It is unclear to me who did the "unlock" but it clearly wasn't Apple because jailbreaking voids the warranty on US sold phones.  I'm going to keep the phone because it will do what I need, which is to serve as a Europhone when I travel and I can drop in my various European sim cards.  So, in the end, I got what I needed, but it surely isn't what I expected.

I was worried because for the first 10/12 hours I couldn't receive texts but now my european SIM card works very good, and the phone was cheap and really new -received in 2 days-, no scratches etc.. I made a good decision.The only problem (4 stars just for this) is that the phone is not able (I have no idea if is due to the phone cause is slow or if this is due to another thing) to find Bluetooth devices (the Bluetooth works anyway...I guess). and I don't really know what will happen if I update IOS 6 in the future....

The review by Ben Ice that states that all unlocked iphone 3gs are jail-broken is totally false and misleading. Yes you can get a jail-broken phone but if you get one that was a previous ATT off contract phone and there is no outstanding bill on the phone, ATT will unlock it for you, hence "factory unlocked". The phone can then be used legally on any GSM carrier. As of Jan 26th 2013 no phone will be unlocked sold after that date as a law was passed, however anything sold before that date can be legally unlocked.As to warranty, I do not understand why it was even posted as an issue because most people buying used phones do not expect warranty anyhow. The iphone 3gs is still upgradable to the latest IOS and runs just fine. It has almost all the same features as the newer iphones and is probably one of the best values in used phones available.I have had many iphone 3gs as well as Iphone 4 and 4s that are off contract ATT and they are unlocked and work on any GSM carrier and are all factory restored software.When you jailbreak a phone you alter the phones software and if there is a warranty it is voided.If you factory unlock a phone it in now way alters the software and is legal and the warranty is intact.

It's just all you need plus okay photo quality ! why spend more $ on something you may loose !

Fantastic!  My wife loves it and that is all I could ever want.  I plan on buying one for both of my kids as well.

The seller (then Wireovia, now perhaps a different name) sent me a used and locked Iphone, when I paid for a new and unlocked one.  After many emails of complaint, they won't send me a new one now, nor will they refund me my money.  I had downloaded new software and my Iphone crashed.  I then went to an Apple Store after my Iphone crashed, and the Apple Store Diagnostician told me that they could not fix the hardware even, because it had been tempered with, with stickers all over the inside, meaning that is used.  He also showed me that the phone is still locked to a company in Korea.  So, now i'm stuck with a dead phone, and lost lots of money for it.

There is nothing like the simple pleasure and ease of using an iPhone.  The 3GS still does everything as well as my first one four years ago.

This company sells refurbished and used phones in a price of a new ones.They were blocked on ebay, but still trying to sell herePlease avoid buying from them!

I was and am completely satisfied. The product was as described. It could have been wiped clean(restored to default)But other than that Its great. I am using it now.

The seller is not selling his products genuinely. He advertised this phone as unlocked. But it is a fully locked phone with some provider in US. Hence this phone was useless for me out of US.I would not recommend buying from this guy. Please do not waste your hard earned money.

Here's the deal purchase the phone USED got the phone shipped to Jamaica when I received the phone it was detecting my SIM, so I had someone looked on it. Their review was that something about the OS and not been compatible and in order to get it working I would have to do a factory unlock (Lord have mercy). This I said ok as I already have the phone why not do the necessary to get it working. Call around to find out the cost to get it unlock, the cheapest price I got was USD150 (SMH). Anyway I wrote to the seller and told them the HELL am going through and what the additional cost I am going to incur after this purchase.HALLELUIAH...After contacting the seller they thought it was fair to help me with this additional cost (I think this was nice, as sometimes problem can occur along the way). I accepted the offer although I was most upset cuz the overall cost would have gotten me a NEW 4gs on ebay. Anyway, I received the phone last Saturday and it seems to be okay(fingers cross) and am hoping that it work out for me in the long run (cuz dunno wat I wud tell mi husband).This seller has a conscience which I appreciate, I might buy from them again but after making sure that all is in order before I say place order.

this iPhone have been nothing but headaches, i read up about it, apple iPhone battery are designed to last 2 years MAX, Stated by APPLE INC. I will not buy another iPhone hence the one i received the battery blew the screen out and caught on fire, lucky i was sitting right there when it happen otherwise my house would had caught on fire!

I absoutely love my new iphone!! And it was over my expectations because of all the applications, and how easy it is to use. Thanks to the seller I received it in perfect conditions, unblocked as they said. As soon as I got it, I entered my simcard and it was working perfectly fine.

The phone is exactly as expected. It was delivered very quickly I was looking for an inexpensive phone and this fit the bill

This is an unbeatable deal for a brand new iPhone & it is even more than I was expecting! It even arrived  earlier than the expected day. I would recommend this phone & the seller to anyone looking for an iPhone. I Love It!

I purchased the item and when it arrived the box was missing, the screen was off the phone, and the speakers can hardly hear the ring or other voice apps, recently i had to make a 911 emergency called and i was shocked that i can't make a 911 call from this peice of junk phone. I can't download any songs on it from itunes if i do i will lose the unlock on it and the phone will crash.i couldn't return the phone to the seller since i had to go overseas on a trip. over all the phone is not what an iphone 3gs 32 gb should be.it doesn't stop here recently the phone stopped working, all it shows on it is the itunes logo and a usb image, i can't do anything on it accept to turn it on and off, the seller told me to take it to an iphone repair shop to fix it, i took it there and after 1 week the seller tells me sorry u=my phone can'r be fixed, he refused to exchange it for another or refund my money back.Watch out buyers this seller is a con artist i found out later that he buys those bad phones from the repair shop and sells them on Amazon as "brandnew phones" let me tell you it's anything but brandnew.you might be excited to buy an item from this seller but my advice is stop, don't do it, go somewhere else.Thanks................

Yes this phone performed as I expected I like it I am using this in India and it is better than any local unit.

The phone is so slow. I do not recommend anyone buy it. Its the worse iphone ever made. Do not buy

This item arrived in a timely manner as I was only home for a short period. I needed a good unlocked I-phone for work and for the price and perks this was an excellent buy. All features function and I have had no issues whatsoever with it. It accepted 4 different SIM cards from global carriers and did not have any functionality issues. Thanks for the timely delivery and excellent product.

The iPhone 3GS is an excellant older phone, for those that don't need the latest bells and whistles.  The carriers are still supporting (as of early 2013) the signalling formats.  Although at some point you can expect the carriers to phase out older formats, just like an analog phone no longer works anyplace.The one real positive of the 3GS verses the 3G is that the IOS has yet to be frozen.  Version 6.1.3 can still download supported apps (as of early 2013) such as yahoo mail, skype, compass and have them run on the phone.  You can find many reviews comparing the 3GS to the iPhone 4 (now 5) on line to help you decide if the price delta between a used 3G (unlocked) and a new model is worth it.For me I am happy with old phone, that I can use on anyone's GSM network.

Just to be clear - I have an officially unlocked iPhone 3GS 32GB, it was unlocked without use of jailbreak. More info:Apple: [...]AT&T;: [...]I have had this iPhone for almost two years. The receiption service I am getting is much better than the same of iPhone 4 or iPhone 4S I had (I got rid of those only because of poor signal reception). I am keeping mine until it dies. Hopefully it will not be soon :-)

Working great except the charger, even it was replaced, its so slow it takes  12 hrs to chrge my phone, idont understand i bought a new one according to your ad but the first charger never work, i tought its un open and brand new phone (?).

I was not sure about buy an Iphone through here but, when I received it  maaaaannn all my expectations changed, I strongly recommended it to anybody....Thanks a lot Amazon!!!! This company ROCKS!!!!

It was not what I exspected. You can not hear without putting it on speaker and I can not get updates.

I didn't buy from Amazon, I bought a locked one from Craigslist for $200, but i thought i'd leave a review anyways.I got the iphone primarily for travel and offline use internationally. I got the phone jailbroken and unlocked by phone store in BKK, then a week later my phone went crazy turning on and off and eventually i took 8 hours and learned how to unlock and JB the phone myself on my computer. Now the phone is working fine but theres still problems.The phone randomly just turns off in the middle of reading the news or somehting. The battery life isnt exceptional even after i've turned off wifi/3g/cellular data/screen brightness etc... which makes it useless for traveling and long trips without electrical plugins.The worst thing though is how restrictive apple is when it comes to what you can and cannot do with your phone. Basically, if an app isnt in the app store you cant legally use it. So you have to hack your phone and jailbreak it then use the apps that way, but this is problematic because then theres bugs and when you sync it to itunes sometimes they all get erased and stuff. it's just a hassle.It is a very powerful device and theres a lot of good things about it but if you're like me you might consider getting an android phone.

the problem is I would like to update this phone and put it under my name. because every time , I tray do something on it . I am asked the pass word ........Z!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????

My son going be a 5th grader next year, he realy  needed an i phone to talk to his friends and play game with friends in the  summer Vacation. my son loves it . But the recharge won't work his has to charge on the computer.

Bought the iPhone 3GS 32g unlocked from them. Arrived fast, well packed with important tips. Add said phone was in 7/10 condition, still don't know why! Never found the hairline scratches they mentioned. Phone really looked like new. Sent them a message with some questions and they answered the very next day.

I receive my iphone 3Gs 32 GBthe condition Very Goodthe only thing missing the original carton boxthankx

good service, fast delivery. I didn't arrange appearance of iphone 3gs received by me, namely attritions, scratches, chips and cracks. In the description them it wasn't mentioned

I like a lot ..i used.. i bought for my friends..he like it.. thanks .. because his and her  budget and their  style appropriate ..

Well.....after 32 DAYS I finally got my I-Phone3. I work in Afghanistan and it came out of Hong Kong! ( No wonder ) I didn't know this coming in. Now I do. The phone works great though! It's lightning quick.....all I had to do was insert my SIM card and it automatically configured itself! I could get online right away. I had problems working the charger in to the phone but I guess because it's so new I have to work out the sides of the charger that goes into the phone. Another strange thing is....the charger wont charge the phone when its plugged into that little box that goes into the outlet. When I plug it into my laptop it charges fine. I even got a prompt from the phone that said, this feature is not supported.....or something along those lines. But as soon as i plugged into my laptop it charged fine! Strange!

This product was very bad has defects do not exist and Wi-Fi at the end does not accept charging  to restartThe seller is not good all and deal with him is not good and incurring send many writing emails for refundWere returned Mobile price minus $ 40

Worked great n I even passed it unto my gf. She loved it. I will recommend it for other folks.

phone works perfectly , it appeared to be brand new.. as stated it is a &#34;jail-broken&#34; phone, not factory unlocked. it would be un-realistic to expect a factory unlocked phone for this price, so as long as you dont use i-tunes to update it, everything will work as it should. im very pleased overall.

Every corner was chipped and cracks in both screen and casing. Fair to poor condition at best. Very not happy!

I purchased this 3GS 32 GB used ,  but i think the previous owner has used it carefully , so , it is in nearly perfect condition when it transfer  to me . And ,the phone itself has been out for almost 4 years but it's still fully functional working .

I'm actually writing my review from my iPhone. When I first got it I was nervous but after I updated it worked perfect. After reading about it having small cosmetic scratches but when I got it, I found a crack in the charging port. It charges but you have to be careful when you connect and disconnect it from the phone. other than that it is very smooth in operation and functions well.

this iphone is locked and can not unlock morebecause when you guys were with me sold hacker programNow I can not unlock...Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.

Nothing like the iPhone I get this phone for my friend over seas he is so happy with phone thanks

Bought this phone for my son for his 13th Birthday. We have T-Mobile so he's able to use it without a Data plan. He uses it like a phone with a Ipod built in!! Loves it!!

an excellent phone! my iphone is the best!! very very good really! thank you!seller very good, iphone like new, all good and protector!!

I like this phone very much it gets a lot better reception than my old phone. I wish they would include instructions with it. but it was easy to learn how to use all the features it has. I would not buy a locked phone again.
