
had this phone for 24 hours now. it arrived in 3 days with perfect condition of the phone and the package. the use of keyboard was difficult in the begenning, I am getting used to it with minimal troubles. the wifi is weak and needs very srong signal to respond. the battery needs daily charging ( I am a heavy user). the sound quality is good with many applications for dowload. setting up e mail is very easy, very good desktop software. it was difficult enabling arabic language but worked great then. bluetooth worked well with the car kit.i recommend this phone for buissiness use, not as funny as I phone, however, much cheaper. the camera takes good photoes at daylight, however, slow shutter speed

I'm still waiting  for the company  to solve my problem.  Several calls, several mails, and nothing yet. I was told that I woudl receive an email  last Friday 9th, 2009-  Let's see how much time they need to finally solve the matter or give me my money back.

I bought just because my Bold died and needed to send to service, and I cant work without a BB. So I just picked-up a cheap BB and wanted a small change to that corporate look of BBs. And guess what... I loved my BB8220 Flip! It's just sexy and sleek and best of all... it's a BB!Cons:- It's a little slow- Have to press twice for some letters- Short battery life (but just like any BB)- It's not 3G - so internet browsing is a little slowPros:- Sexy, sleek design- It's a BB - it has everything a BOLD does, except speed

I bought 4 of this unlocked items to bring down to Ecuador S.A. to my surprise the cable thats use to download does not fit the phone, what can u do to fix this terrible error?? i bought under the condition that the manufacturer and the seller are profetionals and mistakes are not allowed?? i need this cables othrwise your reputation is under question and the phones are of no use to me or the people who trusted me to purchase for them. I'll expect from u to give me a solution or your way out is to say NO WARRANTY and that settles your troubles. I'm requesting a solution. Thank you.

BlackBerry 8220 Flip Pearl Unlocked Phone with GPRS, EDGE and 2 MP Camera--U.S. Version with 60 Day Warranty (Black)Este equipo es muy bueno, trajo el cargador y cable USB en perfectas condiciones... le colocamos el SIM movistar y funciono perfectamente!!! lo recomiendo es muy elegante!!!

I bought the device despite of a series of bad reviews that I read about it. The product works great, all BlackBerry's functions in a beautiful designed flip phone. Good reception, Wi-Fi and everything else we know about blackberry services (push email, BBM etc.).But Amazon has to correct the product description of this ''International Version''.1- Not QWERTY keyboard, but qwertZ2- Doesnt come with the wired headphones NOR the 256 MB microSD as it is specified. (probably this is avaliable at the blackberry of T-Mobile Version)3- Not really an issue but quick start guide manual comes in other languages, and I thjnk would be nice from Amazon to specify it...so I expected it to come with the microSD and the wired stereo handsfree headset, meaning a loss of $10-20 dollars. I dont know how I contact Amazon to put up this complainiment. Other than that amazon shipped the product really fast and it was in my place in a really short period of time after the placement of the order.

blackberry pearl flip 8220 unlock phone is work great. it provide wireless function which is very convenient for me when I am outside.unfortunately, this phone is needed wireless service provider for setting up blackberry E-mail account in order to activate this phone. As an unlock phone, I use pre-paid mobile service and this phone is not support this service very well. I reccomend if you want to use full function of this phone, get it from your mobile service plan. if you don't mind about other support function and just like design or its brand, get unlock one because it is cheaper.PS. my suggestion is based on Australian mobile service provider and I don't know about US services.

The phone itself is good, but the external display at this particular phone does not work, probably defective. By how much to buy this phone for my husband in Russia, so we will not return the phone and we will fix it in Russian ... very disappointed that fact ...

I have being using this phone for a year and half now. I had mine exchanged it twice and thrice my wife's phone.Common problem:1) Insert SIM CARD2) SIM CARD invalid3) Frozen with a hour glass for hours4) Cannot enable bluetoothI am stuck with T-Mobile's 2 year contract.Cannot upgrade to a newer handset. Thrown the handset and using my older Moto Razer at least that 5 year old phone still works.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!

La bater&iacute;a se termina o desgasta muy r&aacute;pido, no dura ni 24 horas a lo menos si se escucha m&uacute;sica. En este aspecto deber&iacute;a mejorar.

The phone was received in good condition and it worked ok for first 2 months.After that time onwards, its a real pain using this phone for both me and also the callers.The phone automatically shuts off, after talking around 3-4 mins max, even after a full charge overnight.Now a days the phone is not used as the same problem persist.So i guess the phone is designed to work for 2-3 months and then give you all kinds of problem.I am not going to buy any product from this seller.I wont recommend either to buy a product from this seller.

OEM shop sent a mini-USB charger and data cable with the phone, but the phone had a micro-USB port, so they could not plug into the phone.However even when I plugged in a micro-USB charger the phone did not charge. I had to send the phone back to Amazon, since the battery ran down and I could not charge it.Otherwise the phone seemed to be everything I wanted, I wish the quality control was better.

This is the first time i shop at amazon and the experience was wonderful, the product is of first quality and the service they gave to me was great

After using this phone for only 2 months, bluetooth failed inexplicably and would not re-enable. I spent 2 hours on the phone with T-Mobile tech support and BB Tech support. All they could do is reinstall the system, which by the way made the clock and the caller ID disappear. Finally, T-mobile agreed to replace the phone with same model (refurbished of course). This is by far the worst phone I have ever used!

This phone is excelent. Works fine with Movistar, Venezuela. It's lightweight and small.The battery life is short, working on the phone with e-mail, BB Messenger and some stuff works one day.The language came in deutch, manual and CD too. But, it have other language available. I have in Spanish right now.Came with OS 4.6

My wife and I have had these phones for over a year now and here's what we've found:Overall, this phone is just too slow.Phone intermittently dies with full battery.Latency issues.  While typing in a phone number, the phone delays the response to pressing a key.Slow response to get to apps.Buttons on side make a creaking sound when pressed.Internet is basically useless due to the EXTREMELY slow speed of the phone.Camera shutter sound is always on and cannot be turned off.Can't dial numbers like "1 800 directv" because the keyboard does not match the correct letter.Can't turn off keypad tones unless everything is muted.Camera quality is poor.  Center of picture is clear and outer edges and other areas are out of focus.  (with clean lens)Simple volume/ringer commands are way too deep in the menu.Voice command reacts to background sounds and randomly dial numbers. (if voice command is used)

Este telefono a sido mi favorito, es mas compacto que cualquier otro BB, el teclado inteligente ayuda a la hora de redactar SMS, acabado sin igual (el cual se raya facilmente, se recomienda un forro), las fotos son geniales a pesar de la baja resolucion de la camara, doble pantalla, WiFi, etc, etc, etc. Me gusto mucho.Un posible punto debil, no posee GPS, version flip. Como todo BB al tener poca bateria mata la se&ntilde;al de la antena, asi que si quedas con muy baja bateria practicamente acabaras con un pisa papeles muy costoso.

The item came just as stated on Amazon. Love this phone and i bought a red case for it so now its perfect. I will however state that it can't do a lot of the other things the newer blackberries can and it can't download the upgrades either, but as my son jokingly said i only need my phone to be a phone.UPDATE 10th JULY, 2013. The phone has not lived up to what i hoped it would be. I was expecting at least a year or two but not so. The bluetooth died a while back (like five or six months ago) then the second row of buttons stopped working about three months after that and now the scroll pad has gone bum as well. It didn't even last a whole year. Guess i should've taken the advise of the other one star buyers. TREMENDOUSLY DISAPPOINTED.P.S- Can't even find the parts to repair it either- SOOO DISAPPOINTED.

I purchased this phone for my wife for use with AT&T. When we received the phone, we were blown away that the phone appeared to be used. The USB port was flattened out and could not even be plugged in. The battery contacts were scratched, and in the seam of the phone, there was crud in it. There were also scratches on the back of the phone and on the charger. There was, however, plastic on the screens. Amazon is doing a superb job with the RMA, now we are waiting on the refund and will purchase the phone from another vendor. I will not make a purchase from this Amazon vendor again.

I kept having keyboard problems with my Blackkberry Pearl 8200. Annonymous calls being made etc. although locked. The Flip is the perfect answer.

Ok, the package came quick but with a surprise. When i opened my blackberry flip all my manuals were in another language and when i turned on the phone it also was in another language and i don't have a clue to change it to English...

If you like a cell phone that turns itself off, loses its Bluetooth capability, and puts itself into endless boot cycles then this is the phone for you.  Ot took 3 hours on the phone with T-mobile and RIM to get to the point where the constant re-booting stopped.  The end result was a phone that was totally unable to power itself up and cleared of my contacts.  After this experience I went and read the t-mobile forums regarding the Pearl Flip.  Apperantly I am only one of many people who have had trouble with the device, and it has been dropped from the carriers due to lack of interest.  I believe it is due to the shoddiness of the product.  This will be my first and last Blackberry.  I am very unhappy with the device and RIM tech support.  Kudos to T-Mobile's customer support.  They are the only reason I am still with them.  STAY AWAY FROM THE 8220!!!!!!

I had it for a year until I got tired of the freezing. I did like the external display. It allows you read messages without showing the Read notification to the sender.

Good morning! the phone is great has good reception, it's like I wanted to cover the expectations and easy to handle, good weight and comfortable loading.

I purchased this mobile phone on the 31st May 2010 from the seller UnlockedCellPhoneKings. When I received this item questions starting popping as what I saw and didn't see inside the box raised concerns. First off I didn't receive the 256mb memory card after searching in the box many times. The condition of the also made me wonder where the hell this seller official sourced this model phone from. The mobile phone had small dents and slight scratches to the back of the phone so it definately did not look like a brand new phone to me at all. Also the battery was not an original Blackberry battery but a generic OEM made in China type battery.I contacted the seller immediately in which they totally brushed me off and told me I will have to take my concerns directly with Blackberry. After contacting Blackberry and receiving a lot of automated messages from them my problems still had not been resolved. I decided to cut my looses as I am from Trinidad and to return this product would cost much more that the cost price of the mobile phone. After using this phone for sometime now the bluetooth offically no longer works and the battery life worst than ever. Before I was able to get at least a day and a half with a couple of texting and calls, has now boiled down to less than a day with only texting only. Please readers I advise you please take consideration to the reviews of this phone along with the experiences customers received from these sellers as it will definately aid you from making bad choices and investments in these sellers products.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!!!

This is my second Blackberry (I have also a Bold 9000)No problem at all, the manual is in English, it looks elegant and the keyboard is easy to use once you get used

this is a great, however the bluetooth is not working and I am so embarrassed because I purchased this phone for my husband

I bought this phone thinking it was new but when I received it on the back there was a label that said it is a remanufactured phone.  Now where on the site did it indicate it was remanufactured and it read 'new' on the purchase options.Additionally, I received the wrong charger for it.  This to me does not sound like it is a new phone...

Tal como se especificaba en los datos del anuncio el telefono estaba nuevo y liberado, todo empaquetado y en perfectas condiciones, lo uso a diario y funciona a la perfeccion, lo recomiendo...

The device is very good, however I spent some time configuring it because its default language was German!

Excelente Producto solo que trae como accesorios el cable usb nada mas y el cd de instalaci&oacute;n. En cuento al equipo era lo que esperaba...

When I first bought this phone to my wife i was concern that this really doesn't look like blackeberry at all, and turns out that this was the advantage of this phone, is confortable and easy to carry on, and with all the powerful tools that makes blackberry the best on the market, botton line, best choice ever, my wife is really happy with it

I read this phone was bad using it online with the data plan but it gives a lot more problems. This phone started giving Sim Card Errors with just a few months in use, What this Error do? It makes your phone unusable unable to receive any signal making you hard reset taking the battery out everytime. Then one day after the battery got depleted completely it took 2 days trying to turn on. After that, the Bluetooth completely died and nothing I do can repair it nor can I find any solution to it. Now this phone it's working at half capacity and the One Year Warranty it's over so I'm stuck with it until the damn T-Mobile contract ends. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE! It will last you only a year or less. This phone is made so you get stuck adding 2 more years to your contract. Very Bad Frustrating Problematic Phone!

The Blackberry Pearl Flip is an excellent Blackberry option for those of us who need our corporate or web email but don't want to lug something around attached to the belt.  The appearance and design is exceptional and the functionality is equally excellent as expected from all Blackberry devices.The Good:- Small, compact design, full Blackberry functionality in your pocket.- Excellent design (look).- Large keys.- Decent camera.- Blackberry's latest OS.- WiFi.The Bad:- Small screen.- Non-customizable outer LCD screen.The Ugly:- Nothing.For the sake of infomation, this is my second Blackberry owned.  Previously, I have used the Blackberry Curve 8300 series for over a year.  Prior to that, I was on the Motorola Q for several months as well.  While my Peal Flip is company issued, I don't look like a corporate soldier when I'm away from the office.  If you're going for the "I'm an executive" public image, then don't purchase/choose the Pearl Flip.  If you're looking for Blackberry's functionality in a discrete pocketable phone, the Blackberry Pearl Flip is an excellent choice.*** I also purchased the OEM Blackberry Leather Pocket case for the phone.  Excellent choice for the phone, keeps the profile thin and looks fantastic.  Just say no to belt-attached phones!! ***

My wife is on her third 8220 from Tmo in just about a year.  She really wanted a flip phone, because she likes the feeling of talking on flip phones better than talking into a brick.  She also doesn't want everyone to know she has a blackberry, and most people assume this is just a regular phone.  The hindge works great and hasn't been a problem.  The outside screen will get very scratched up from being thrown around in a purse or bag.  I highly recommend a stick on screen cover for the outside.Two problems - both known by Blackberry and experienced by many others.1) The track ball gets stuck.  not a big deal.  Just push down on it and roll it around.  It has always come back to life.  This is a known problem and the reason new Blackberries use a touch pad instead of a moving ball.2) The bluetooth dies.  This is a known hardware problem and has effected my wife's 8220 twice.  What happens is that - one day, out of the blue - you will be unable to "enable" the bluetooth radio.  It just stays greyed out.  Internet forums are filled with people who have this problem and the only solution is replacing the device. It is not software related and has nothing to do with the bluetooth device you are connecting to - it is the blackberry's bluetooth radio itself.  The bluetooth radio in the 8220 has a very limited lifecycle.If bluetooth is important to you, I would strongly suggest staying away from this.  (The bluetooth on my 8900 has always worked flawlessly.)

I was not impressed with the Blackberry Pearl or its upgrade, the Blackberry Pearl flip.  Both phones are slow on the internet, the screens are small, bad camera quality, and horrible battery life.  The Blackberry Pearl would randomly delete all my messages and missed calls while also turning off the ringing sound.  The Blackberry Pearl Flip will totally shut off if you close it wrong.  The track ball is also very easy to damage, and there is no other way to navigate the phone.  Both phones take a long time to turn back on once shut off.  I don't recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a "high tech" experience.

Everytihing is ok with the purchase, but the usb Cable of my Blackberry 8220 is in dissacord with the model.Be careful with that Item.Thanks,Orlando Castillo

I purchased this phone when it was first released, and immediately had problems with it crashing when left charging overnight.  A software update finally fixed that.Now, six months later, the headphone jack is broken (sounds fades from left to right and back again with any headphones I use) and the speaker stops working about 30 seconds into phone calls.In addition, the screen brightness fades in and out randomly as you use the phone.  Sorry blackberry, but this phone is just really flimsy and poorly made.

Got this Blackberry and gave it to my mother in law to use it in Europe. She is a heavy cell phone user and 2yrs later it is still working extremely well.Very reliable phone.

i was not prepared to try and learn German in order to alter my phones language to english.The lack of visual instructions to change this gadget was most frustrating,.. the phone should of had1..an instruction how to turn this fool thing on..2...say at least how to find the section to alter the language.otherwise its an average gadget..the video i finally viewed on the net to assist with these problems did help a little ..however the nurd that did the front for this was truely full of rubbish info ..such as,.. oh how nice it was to hold etc..Seek to do without it and save yourself the agro..blessings to ye ..robert

is a great phone, but you need to realice a couple o things:-the front is very easy to get scratchs, you will need to buy an protector.-lags sometimes because it lacks the horsepower of bold/8900 to run os4.6 still not that bad-keyboard takes a bit to learnthe rest is solid blackberry experience, a must if you like clamshell phones.

I bought this phone about 3 weeks ago and i have nothing bad to say about it.I use it with AT&T; and it works the best for me.. You know what they say pick a phone that fits you!!!  This is the one for me...

BlackBerry 8220 Flip Pearl Unlocked Phone with Quad-Band GSM 850/900/1800/1900, GPRS, EDGE, and 2 MP Camera--International Version with No Warranty

DEMASIADO BUENO ESTE TELEFONO ME PARECE QUE TIENE BUENA RECEPCION Y ADEMAS ES MUY PRCTICO Y COMODO POR SU TAMA&Ntilde;O

THIS WAS MY VERY FIRST EVER BLACKBERRY PHONE AND I LOVE IT! THE ONLY NEGATIVE THING I GOTTA SAY ABOUT THIS PHONE IS THAT IT CAN GET SCRATCHED EASILY. YOU WILL NEED TO BUY A PROTECTIVE CASE FOR IT! OTHER THAN THAT, ITS A GREAT PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I got this phone for my birthday. At first, I loved it. I would have given it 4 stars. I mean, it shut off every once and a while. Well, exactly 6 months later, it went into a constant reboot cycle. When I tried fixing it with software updates and memory wipes, it just up and died. Wouldn't turn on, wouldn't even give me a reboot cycle anymore. I took it to the T-mobile place. Replaced it right then and there. As I was leaving the college-town I got it from (Auburn, War Eagle!), it rebooted on me. Okay, well I figured it was a new phone and it was just updating or something. No, in fact, as time went on it became more frequent. And by the time it had become just a flat out inconvenience, RIM changed their replacement policy. I could no longer take it into the T-mobile store and replace it. What a bummer! He gave me a number to call and try and work something out. I decided to wait a few weeks and see what happened just in case the new battery I had bought on Amazon would fix it. Nope, it sure didn't. The phone still wasn't fixed. So I took it back to see what one last person could try and do to help me. He said to clear the cookies, the messages, and the, as he called it, "crap log", which I'm assuming is just a log of every process the phone performs. I did that and it stayed good for an hour. Then it rebooted yet again. And, to my luck, the store closed within that hour.... WTF... So I'm still stuck with my piece of doo doo phone. Please don't make the same mistake I did. Don't get this phone. It's a waste of money. And if you already have it, I recommend you get it replaced. Its not worth the time or effort to fix the thing. I just want a phone that works. And let me tell ya. THIS ISN'T IT.

I BROUGTH THEM A BLACKBERRY FLIP AND THEY SENT ME ONE, BUT THE KEYBOARD IS  IN GERMAN... IS A QWERTZ OR QWERTZU KEYBOARD... THEY OFFERED A QWERTY MODEL. FURTHERMORE, THEY SENT ME A CELLPHONE WITHOUT A MICROSD MEMORY OF 256MB LIKE THEM OFFERED...

This phone wasn't as good as they said it was. Keep freezing up. Very slow to turn on, didn't work for Tmoblie., internet does not work or does the hotspot. Can't connect to wifi

I Bought this product with much expectations, I am a big fan of Flip phones,  later realized that this phone is not to my expectation,  signal receiving is toooooo bad,  I am using AT & T and the mobile searches for network always.also the back cover is too light and not fitting correctly, battery can fell off any time.

Excellent phone in every way so far not disappointed me to the operating system works well I am located in Venezuela and works with the service without problem, in short I have complaint even though the computer I get only without accessories such as charger usb data cable and free microsd memory as described on amazon do not know what happened to miss it to the store to buy OEM.

I have owned three of these phones. I am not sure why I kept buying them except that I am a technophobe at the same time as being a techno-nut, loving every new gadget that comes out on the market. I really didn't want to ventue beyond Blackberry, a brand I'd been very happy with in the past.My first one conked out when water sprinkled on it. My second, I lost. The thrid, well...it lasted just over four months before the track ball gave out. The software never worked so I could never sync it. The options, so well-touted by Blackberry, never were exploited as a result. It is a disasterous phone. I am now back to Motorola's, frankly, the best brand in telephones - and now, Smart devices!

i have been u sing this phone for atleast one month, trust me its nice and impresive though it has got the poorest battery i have ever seen in life. Even sending sms can make the battery drop by 40% then when it comes to listening to music, its worse .i wish the manufacturers looks into it and makes another longlasting battery

Excelente producto, la atencion fue muy buena apesar de que la compra la realize desde venezuela, me llego en buen estado.

such a great smartphone, excellent...es el mejor de todos, totalmente recomendable, facil de manejar, buenos acabado, totalmente nuevo, gran precio, funcional 100%.

I purchased this to replace my Mom's cell that was marketed towards the elderly.  I thought she'd like it for the one button calling and ease of use, but she found it wasn't easy in the ways that she needed.  I saw this and thought at the least it's attractive.  I was concerned about the scroll, but it really works well for her as she doesn't have to use any effort to push anything.  As she has paralysis in one arm, it's great that she can easily access the address book with one hand.  So far she likes it.  She only calls (quite frequently); no texting or email.  Calls are clear and so far no dropping.  The keypad has a really small font, but she rarely dials; primarily address book calling.  If I was only going by her use, I'd give it 4 stars.  However, I'm the one who set it up.  It's less than intuitive.  I had to go online a few times to do basic things like change the country code.  I still haven't been able to set up wifi (this may be because we have att and the phone is tmobile). She doesn't use the browser anyway, but I thought a nice to have as the phone has the capability.  So, if you want to pay a lot of money for a pretty flip phone in order to just make some calls, then I recommend it.  However if you want a truly smart phone, then you might want to look at other cells.

version english:do not buy this phone to UnlockedCellPhoneKings seller, I buy it because I saw that his design was very nice, I'm loving the BlackBerrys and recently I had one, they send the battery mistake, then i buy the battery it might not I was able to activate the blackberry bis, try contacting the seller a million times and only told me that if i remove the negative feedback of the site would respond, as I did and he dont answered me for the warranty, he just said that I had to send the phone to usa to cover the warranty and I'm from Venezuela so I can not, the phone features are very poor, despite the camera flash that has focused far too bad, the sound is not good, the only thing that has good phone is that it is nice but is useless! I do not recommend this phone, this phone sucks!version spanish:No le compres este telefono al vendedor UnlockedCellPhoneKings, yo se lo compre porque me parecio que su dise&ntilde;o era muy lindo y femenino, ademas yo amo los blackberrys y recientemente tuve uno, el vendedor me envio el telefono con una bateria erronea, no encendia cuando lo recibi, luego yo compre la bateria adecuada y me encendio sin problemas, pero cuando intente activar el servicio BIS de blackberry el telefono nunca levanto la se&ntilde;al en EDGE, yo se lo comente al vendedor y el me dijo que si quitaba el comentario negativo que hice hacia el, el me resolveria el problema hasta me enviaria una bateria nueva, pero no fue asi, una vez que quite el comentario pocas veces me respondio y no resolvio mi problema, solo me dijo que tenia que enviar el telefono a Estados Unidos y yo soy de Venezuela enviarlo a estados unidos me saldria muy costoso, por lo cual solo le dije que se encargara de liberar el imei del telefono cosa que tampoco hizo, fui estafada y robada por este vendedor y realmente quitando todo eso las caracteristicas del telefono son muy pobres, la camara es malisima tiene mal enfoque de lejos, el sonido es bueno pero de resto es un telefono inservible, no recomiendo este telefono mucho menos para la gente latina ya que se nos hace imposible hacer cubrir la garantia y este es el unico modelo que no se puede reparar, odio este telefono es la peor compra que he hecho en amazon!

i am from Trinidad and Tobago and i purchased this phone not too long ago and so far it is working great!! I am able to use it on the networks we have available, it's light, and easy to use . . . honestly right now i have no complaints, mostly because i have only had it for a short while but so far so good . . . I really it this phone...

I could never get the WiFi to work without telling you have to get a data plan. T Mobile couldn't fix it either. Needed update which I could not supply. No fault of the supplier.

I have had two blackberrys in the past and they all have always met my needs for a phone!!  I just have to keep this one out of the washer and coffee cups!!:-/

So much for buying a new product from The OEM Store.The phone stopped charging after two weeks of normal use.The OEM Store responce:I am so sorry to hear you have had a problem with your order.Unfortunately our return policy is only for 7 days from the receipt ofyour package and our records do show your item is no longer coveredunder the return period. Regretfully, we are not able to further assistyou with this matter.

IVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR ALMOST A YEAR NOW AND I THOUGHT IT WAS THE PERFECT PHONE.BUT ONCE I STARTED USING IT, IVE BEEN HAVING MANY DROPPED CALLS AND IT TURNS OFF OUT OF NOWHERE EVEN IF THE BATTERY IS FULLY CHARGED.BATTERY LIFE SUCKS.RECEPTION SUCKS ALSO.PICTURES COME OUT BLURRY SOMETIMES.

I recently purchased this phone and really like it.  Blackberry's are great anyway but for the simple fact this one is a flip version makes it even better.  It comes with different power adapters, so no matter where you are in the world, you can plug in.  I just happen to be deployed to Baghdad, Iraq and wow!  what a surprise to be able to plug the phone in directly to the wall.  It takes a little bit to get used to the way the keys are layed out for texting but once you get that down, it's just as easy as any other phone.  The one and only downfall I have is, never having owned a Blackberry, I was depending on the instruction guide to be a useful tool...Unfortunately, I do not read German and that is how the guide is printed.  So, a suggestion to the seller, make sure you put a manual in there that is written in english as well.  Other than that, great world phone!  I would definately suggest if someone is looking for a Blackberry that you can take anywhere in the world, buy this one!

Wow...what can I say?  My husband I both 'upgraded' to these phones (I got the red, he got the black) so we could use the Hot Spots in our home due to poor cell coverage in our area.  I assure you these phones have been nothing short of a nightmare. BOTH phones power off randomly with a full charge.  We have been trying to call each other to no avail not realizing our phones shut off. Have to pop battery out and back in to get it working again.  Sometimes it will be fully charged then dead 5 hours later.  Had both phones replaced twice and also were sent new batteries.  This phone is a LEMON to be avoided at all costs!  Finally were able (with threat of leaving our cell provider) to upgrade again to Blackberry Pearls.  Hoping these work better!

all i wanted in my phone...product was what was listed..i do not like to be told how many words to use!!!

the top cover of this phone EASILY gets scratched up, but what's even worst is that the screen on the inside gets scratched up...BY THE PHONE'S BUTTONS!!!!...just by opening & closing the phone. Asides from that, this phone is a little laggy (not too bad) & it has no qwerty keyboard. Save yourself the headache, & forget about this phone. Get one of the new blackberry's with a qwerty keyboard, an optical track pad, & make sure it's one with a camera w/flash (i bought one & i LOVE it).This phone does look stylish (that is before it gets horribly scratched up all over EASILY).

For anyone expecting this miscreant device to act like a Blackberry, forget it. It has so much less capacity than other models that it barely even functions as a telephone.The device is frequently frozen for up to 30 seconds as it runs background programs and "thinks," to the point where I'm terrified of ever trying to use it in an emergency. It takes up to 10 seconds to recognize that I've started (and finished!) dialing a phone number before it registers the keytones. And often it doesn't acknowledge the first digit, but instead treats that digit as if it were just a button I pushed to wake up the phone, so I spend an enormous amount of time cancelling calls and trying to dial again correctly. Sometimes, mysteriously, the phone actually connects the call before the keytones kick in...Web browsing is no better. The browser constantly crashes, and the only way the crash can be cleared is by breaking out the battery. Restarting the device after replacing said battery takes forever. In one final annoying feature, there's no way to silence or turn down the volume on the "dialing now" keytones, so the phone sings like an old fax machine. I've spent hours on the phone with my provider to troubleshoot, and ultimately I've replaced it -- and the new 8220 has all the same problems.In short, it's a godawful piece of junk. Which is too bad, because when it *does* work, it's a pleasure.

ok, the equipment was in perfect state, brand new,all the dates was fulfilled. In a few words Excellent!!

I got my blackberry 8220 flip almost a year ago and wish I would have picked something else.  I've had the battery replaced twice and my 3rd phone replacement should be here in a few days.  It goes dead in the middle of a call and I have to wait for it to restart.  My husband was trying to call me on his way home from work the other day and it died, everytime it would restart, I'd call him and it would ring once, then restart again.  I called Tmobile and they determined it's a known software problem with this phone and are replacing it again.  The next day, it worked 1 time then wouldn't do anything but start and restart and restart again.  I couldn't turn it off, had to take the battery out.  I would never get another one of these again.  The only thing I liked was the rollerball.  Oh well, on to the next phone.

The 8220 was a poorly tested product.  Pretty little device designed to do much more than it was equipped to handle.Fundamental issues with WiFi performance, bluetooth, and simple instability with respect to its delicate nature.  The phone often needs to be restarted...battery issues?......SIM card easily dislodged?.....all these things.  This is one phone that you don't want to drop.Also, T-Mobile and BB rarely seem able to solve issues with this device, beyond the 2 most extreme measures of 1)  reinstall the OS or 2) replace the phone.  In my book, that's a lemon.  Please remember, this is a computer....not just a cell phone.  Could you imagine buying a desktop computer and discovering that the errors you've been having are typically fixed by having to wipe and reinstall the OS, or simply replacing the unit?  This would be considered HIGHLY unacceptable performance for a computer and should be similarly unacceptable for this smartphone.Don't buy this phone. Don't do it. The technology is not ready and T-Mobile provides horrible support for the phone's many weaknesses.Main problems:1) Too fragile. SIM card becomes dislodged or requires resetting quite often.2) WiFi - connectivity under the WiFi environment is sporadic. Do NOT rely on WiFi connectivity for phone calls. Your calls will be dropped. End of discussion. I have used this phone, with WiFi, at my 2 residences. Both are in moderate to major population areas and with "excellent" signal strength. The WiFi was the reason we bought these phones and have subsequently killed the service (T-Mobile charges you extra for this poorly delivered option).3) Dropped calls. Dropped calls. Within the cities of Chicago and Albuiquerque.4) Bluetooth malfunction. Check the forums. Bluetooth fails inexplicably and will not re-enable. T-Mobile offers only to replace phone with same model.5) T-Mobile's effective support on this phone is to either a) have you spend hours and hours wiping the phone and reinstalling the software, applications and entering your various user data. REMEMBER...this is a smart phone. Like a computer, you will spend a good bit of time setting the thing up, that is, if you use it for more just a phone. T-Mobile's other support effort is to b) have Blackberry replace the phone.....similarly requiring gobs of your time to troubleshoot, coordinate and then set-up the replacement device.6) Internet e-mail. My wife's phone inexplicably lost the ability to access her online e-mail. T-Mobile's suggested solution.....wipe the phone and start over. If that doesn't work (many of YOUR hours later) they'll get Blackberry to replace the phone.7) Battery life is VERY short.8) Browsing the phone's features is very slow. The phone reacts sluggishly to your inputs....including just dialing phone numbers. I am endlessly having to go BACK on command entry because the lag in response time caused me to sleect the wrong entry item.9) Browser speed is slow. I mean slow to unusable. I tend to run online searches for places and things using the Google Maps application. That may sound silly, however, it's much faster than using the basic browser function on this phone.10) In a nutshell, Blackberry is beta-testing this underpowered, previously untested smartphone and we are the guinea pigs. Nice idea packinking the PDA into this attractive little phone, however, they're not there yet. T-Mobile simply diverts all responsibility for the poor performance of the device to Blackberry.....and you.11) Don't buy it.

it is a very good fold GSM blackberry phone easy to carry as its small and it folds , with great price,holds for a long time

This phone is quite unique in its category. It's a blackberry and also a flip phone and unlike many others can also handle wifi for data. Its definitely not a replacement for a regular smart phone. It has a good feature set and a great keyboard. The main issue with this phone is that it's not particularly fast even for relatively simple tasks. The camera is also not on par. If you want a flip style phone with a unique look and feature set this is a good contender.

Equipo totalmente da&ntilde;ado, reparado, con repuestos de mala calidad, deber&iacute;an sancionar al vendedor... fui victima de una estafa! espero todos los futuros compradores vean esto!

I love flip phones, and so this phone was the perfect combination of Blackberry features and flip phone styling.  My first one had its bluetooth function break after approximately one year of use.  Not knowing this was a known feature of this phone, I bought a second 8220.  The bluetooth function broke on this phone after only six months.  Needless to say, I will NEVER buy another one of these.  Buyer beware.FYI - this phone is not 3G compatible either.  For its price, it should be.  You may have 3G service, but you won't be able to use it on this phone.

I bought 2 phones and both were used or refurnished, dosent have any accesories, no cd, MOTORLA charger,no handset in few words Awful!

So i read all these comments saying how bad that phone is. I decided to go on and get it though cause i like Flip phones and blackberry, It was the first phone the combines both. Thing is, Nowadays there's OS 6 and the maximum on this phone is 4.6 (At least that's where i am, It doesn't tell me that i have to update to a higher OS). The phone gets quite laggy from all the apps that people use now, Not THAT bad though...Its quite acceptable. I got this phone 4 months ago and the only problem i faced is that my battery kept on draining and shutting off even after i take it off the charges, All i had to do was purchase a new one and it was back on perfectly. The phone is like any other standard Blackberry phone. HOWEVER, That is the ONLY thing that was missing....WIFI !!!! It shows in the connection management and you can activate it but i literally had to stand INFRONT of my router just so it'd connect, Just to cut to the point, Wifi doesn't really work on this phone. So for a power blackberry user that might not be the perfect choice (Even though i use it almost all day long). The looks of the phone compromises the lag it faces and every single bad thing. Can't say i regret getting this phone, I'm enjoying it just like my old curve, Its just upsetting to know that it can't be upgraded to a higher OS and that Wifi doesn't work.

Paid for new, but received as Remanufactored.  Did got a discount after contacted seller.  Worked for 5 months only and completely dead.  OEM SHOP told me to contact BlackBerry, and BLACKBERRY said the phone sold on Amazon does not cover by them, and AMAZON customer service told me to contact Seller.  Take the risk on yourself.

The cell phone is fine, but the seller sent a battery charger that doesn't belong to this BB model. That's the only objection I have to say abaout this purchase.

I got this phone couple of weeks ago..I originally had the curve 8900 but due to an accident it stopped functioning..After owning the pearl flip 8220 i found it slower then the curve that sometimes halted during operation,,but it has a nice grip..audio quality is excellent..but the plastic finishing is not amazing..

The phone is sold from T-mobile here in the USA and comes in red and black, the phone is very light, the phone includes everything you know and love from blackberries including wifi, pin messaging, web, email and other pda-like functions. The 8220 runs on the 4.6 OS but the stock software from T-mobile 4.6.0.180 can be slow and jerky because it runs on the older arm 312Mhz processor but I would recommended anyone with this phone to upgrade to 4.6.0.122 which seems to be the fastest most stable version thus far. The phone doesn't really live up to the build quality of other blackberries but many can overlook that and accept the fact that it is the first flip from blackberry and they did a good job with it.Operating system: 4/5Build Quality: 3/5Features: 4/5Battery Life: 5/5Overall: 4/5

Good quality product. Superior benefit/price compared to i-phone. It met my expectations. I would recommend it to all my friends.Thanks

It's an excelent phone i bought two items for my sister an friend. I sent it to Venezuela, and it's working.I recommend

ESTE PRODUCTO ES MUY BUENO, YA QUE POSEE TODO LO QUE UNO NECESITA EN UN TEL&Eacute;FONO ADEM&Aacute;S DEL BUEN PRECIO.

Where do I start with this lemon! Like many others the BT inexplicably stopped working and because of a tiny pink dot on the LDI Tmobile won't replace it even though it should be under warranty. Now when I call anyone while driving in California I need to watch out for cops, because no BT.Other problems:Phone constantly crashes or sim is not recognized even after sw update. The only way to bring back up is to pull the battery and wait 5min for the thing to boot up.Wifi/Tmo hotspot is spotty and undependable which is probably why Tmo is getting rid of it.Processor is wayyy slow, if I dial a digit in need to wait a second for it to pop up on the screen so making a call is like explaining something to a two year old, you have to dial very slowly.Horrible battery life, battery is drained by 6pm even with minimal use and new battery.Bad reception, @ poker night i don't get reception and my other friends that have Tmo do with their phones.My wife has the same phone with all the same problems so I know that I didn't just happen to get a bad one.Please don't make the same mistake as me. Don't get this phone and Don't use Tmobile!!!!!!!

I purchased this phone as a gift for someone else.She loves the look, size ,number buttons, the clock you can view on the outside of the phone.To sum it all up she loves everything about this phone.She told me this was by far the best phone she ever received.

The battery: The battery drained only half a day of use after a full day charge and I have to recharge it again.The internet: I can log on to my house's WiFi but I can't choose mobile network for internet.The signal: Always appears SOS on the top corners and has less than 2 bars of signals most times!Overall: Not worth the money.

Although it is slow (probably low hardware processor), the application of calendar, note taking, task and the interactive functions are so smart. I tried several touch screen phone from Samsung, that had much faster processor, and a Sony Erisson; they were all smart phones, but the applications stood by itself, not interconnecting to your calendar or task list. In addition, signal of blackberry is always a winner.Summary:Pros: Excellent application software, nice screen with auto contrast to lighting condition, smart keyboard, great signal compared to many other brands (Samsung or Sony).Cons: slow, short battery life, often restart (?)

My wife & I have had the same phone for over 7 months now, and it has been a disappointing experience, especially considering the fact that we paid $50 for each.The phone does not automatically update the time through the zones. It often freezes.We've had it looked at several times, and the T-Mobile 800 service has been terrible as well.We do like the size of it. The audio plays great.Would not recommend it.J

Excellent buy for me.Very short mailing time, excellent product, and the best was the time it took to recieve the product, ive bought on other places in the net and almost 3 weeks to recieve the product.

My cellphone in fact is unlocked! I'm so happy with this buy! Congrats to VibeCellular!

First I had to send a mail to send the phone, because apparently they had forgotten, second charger does not work and finally the battery does not last anything, I mean I'll have to buy those accessories, because I do not give me the solution immediately.

I was impressed at the quick and prompt delivery. Items in good condition as advertised. Highly recommended
