
This is the second Impression I have bought. I thought maybe the first one was just a bad phone but this one is starting to act up like the other one. Usually re-booting helps but what a pain to do that. The alarm will light up for a flash second and then shut off without the chime. It's not dependable. Texts do not send sometimes. The screen will go black when working sometimes. Drops calls around 20 secs with full bars. I really like the pull out keyboard option, oh which only half of it lights up.. Really disappointed.

I bought this phone less than six months ago for my daughter, and it has a lot of problems. From my daughter, "First, I have to restart it to send texts. Then, I have to reset it to call people, there's this weird message I can't get rid of, and sometimes I can't hear people when they call me unless I reset everything." Since she is very careful with her stuff, and the phone has a cover, I don't think that this is anything that she did to it. It's just poorly made.I would never recommend this phone to anyone, ever, especially considering the price. It's not worth it.

I have had this phone since the May of 2010. I got it from Best Buy. Mine is black but I am already writing this so.....THIS IS A GREAT PHONE! I have dropped...people have ran into me then I dropped it but it only has a few scratches and most just kinda rub off...

This is a brand new phone!  This phone is like the energizer bunny.  Keeps going and going, and....well it was time that my first Impression phone passed on and I didn't think I'd find another.  I had mine since they first came out and it survived some things it shouldn't have...left out on the porch and it got rained on...oops! Well I wanted another, ordered it, and it was here as fast as if it had been sent from down the street.  I LOVE IT.  I'm a texter (at 64 years old!) and I love the keyboard.  Honestly I have an IPhone that I bought but gave to my Son.  This has just enough of the bells and whistles that I need and nothing that I don't need.  Takes good pics and videos and sound is crisp and clear.  You can't go wrong witht this phone at this price!

I ordered this phone for myself and I was expecting it tomorrow but it arrived one day before. So far, this phone meets my expectations. I didn't want a phone that forces me to buy a data plan and I didn't want touchscreen only. I like having the option of using the slide out keyboard for texting. Overall, I'm still getting familiar with it and I like the look and feel of it. I just wish it had a .com shortcut button like my previous phone.

I bought this phone a two months back and the shipping was really outstanding because i receive it a few days earlier than the expected day. It works great but the only problem is that when i send to many text after a while they won't send. I have to turn off the phone and turn it back on to fix it. I consider this a minor glitch because it never freezes on me.

I've had this phone for about a year and generally like it.  I bought it to be able to access the internet and check my online calendar and email.  As a voice and text phone, it functions quite well.  However the internet and "smartphone" features are pretty weak.The default browser on the phone is just "ok", but doesn't support the necessary security protocols to be able to access my webmail.  It also has a bunch of super annoying "locked" bookmarks, which you can't modify or remove.  I bought the darned phone, shouldn't I at least be able to set up bookmarks in my own browser?  Regardless, what I would highly recommend doing is installing Opera Mini (works great) and using that instead of the default browser.  My webmail works like a charm on that.Along the same lines, there are a bunch of paid services (GPS, weather, games) which are *locked* within the menus.  The phone will allow you to remove the free services if you like, but the ones are subscription based cannot be modified.  It's as if they are saying "pleeeeaassee buy this service".  One time I accidentally activated AT&T; navigator by forgetting to lock the phone when I put it in my pocket.  Of course there was no way to opt-out through the phone, so I had to call AT&T; to get it taken care of.Physically the phone is built well, with a robust slide out keyboard.  It really snaps in and out of place very firmly and feel substantial.  After one year it's just as structurally sound as it was on day one - and yes I've dropped it a couple times.  Like most phones, the shiny front and plastic backing will become scratched over time.  Reception is generally good and dropped calls are rare.So overall this is a nice phone, but I wouldn't qualify it as a "smartphone".  If you need serious internet or multimedia features, buy and Android or iPhone.

This phone was for my wife, this is the only one she wanted and she loves it. Samsung needs to keep this model around for us dinosaurs....

I have had this phone for about two months now.... I like it but it does have a couple annoying problems.I haven't yet had the freezing problem some others are mentioning. But I HAVE noticed that when you first turn the phone on, you it takes about a minute before it will let you access the messaging feature. Kinda annoying. It takes longer than it should to send a text... a couple of seconds each time. Also, it would be nice if text conversations were shown as threaded, but this is a minor concern to me.Worst part of this phone for me is the battery life. I have to charge it pretty much every night for several hours. It does not charge quickly, and WORST OF ALL, if the battery is low, the phone will shut off even when it is plugged into the wall. It has done this several times while I was in the middle of a conversation, or when I had it charging at night and was counting on it as my morning alarm. VERY ANNOYING.Plus side for the alarm is that the phone has a "Auto Power-Up" feature... you can turn the phone off to save batteries and it will turn on in time for the alarm to go off. Pretty cool... never had that on a phone before.I don't use the internet features on this phone, so I can't comment on that.I use this like a regular cell phone, for talk and text, not like a smart phone. Aside from the problems I mentioned, it does the job for me and I like it a lot. Its sleek and pretty, and not too bulky to fit in the pocket of a pair of tight jeans. The touch-screen works well, display is clear, bright and beautiful. I have no problems using the QWERTY keyboard (but I am a girl so my fingers are small) and it is SO much better than texting with a regular phone keypad. Love the fact it will bluetooth or USB connect to your computer, so its easy to upload pics and music, or even use it like a pen drive to transport any type of files. (If you do this, you WILL need to buy a SD card, or you will use all your memory up really fast.) I also like that you can use any recorded or uploaded audio clip as a ring-tone, so there's never a need to buy. Its quite durable. I recently dropped it on a tile floor with the slide-out-keyboard OPEN, and I thought it was a goner for sure. But when I put the battery back in it turned on just fine.I don't know if I would recommend this phone. Its not perfect, but I have never found a phone I have loved 100%. I got mine on ebay for only $60, so for that price I think its more than worth it.

This is the forth A877 my wife has had. The first one was damaged by water, the second lost, the third was the only one that was really an equipment failure. Just started screwing up, had to take the battery out every few days to get various features to start working. The forth phone is working fine. A very good phone if you like to talk and text but you really don't want a smart phone.

I already owned a Samsung Impression that was refurbished.  Unfortunately it died on me, but I realized that it was a very good phone (lasted over a year through many falls and several cases), so I decided to buy a new one.  These guys got the phone to me quickly and it works like a brand new phone. Thanks!

I received the phone, later than the expected delivery date.  When I finally got the phone I installed the battery and charged the phone overnight - at least 12+ hours, but the phone never said "battery charged" or done charging - it continued to say "charging" - after 16 hrs I had to disconnect the phone from the charger to use it.  The battery will not fully charge therefore will not hold the charge - the battery lasts approximately 4 hrs before it needs charged again. This is the 3rd phone I've had of this exact model (not from same seller), I've had other issues in the past with this model, but only after a long period of time and still like the phones features which is why I've just purchased my 3rd one. This seller had sold and sent me a LEMON!  This is the first I've bought that had problems upon arrival - and the first one I've ever received with a bad battery or that had battery charging issues. I can't use this phone to conduct my daily business since I can't rely on it to hold a charge for any length of time!Think twice before purchasing from this seller!

The touch screen stopped working after 3 weeks of purchase,no text messages just calls and that is not smart at all.

This a Great Basic Phone.  I purchased this phone back a few months ago and it absolutely works great.  I highly recommend.

Bought this phone as a gift for my mother, phone quit working after 53 days to be exact! Can't return and can't use, stuck with a bum phone...buyer beware!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!

This has been a good phone. The only problem is that if you don't turn it on and off about few days then it will stop sending text messages.....!!

This replaced my old cell not stop working. The A877 is a great cell to have hope this one last like my old one.

This phone worked ok for 4 months and then started freezing.  Now the touch screen does not work at all and it keeps shutting down.  I'm very disappointed to have paid for this phone and was only able to use it for 5 months and have basically lost my money because it's too late to return it.

The Impression is a good &#34;texting&#34; phone. Easy to use. Easy to understand. Strong phone, if you drop it. I have a case on mine and a screen protector, which helps. Good for those who want a simple phone.

I hated this phone so much, I just took the Sim card out and put it back in my old phone! At first, I loved it. It was much larger than my old phone (LG Xenon), but sense it had finally died, I looked for a phone similar to it sense it had been discontinued. I liked how the phone was more web enabled, and over all seemed more handy than my previous phones. But after about a month, when I would try and send a text, it would freeze on the "Message Sending" screen, and you couldn't cancel the sending like most of the time with the end button. I had to remove the battery and restart my phone. This happened at least 2 times a day for a month, and then just stopped. The same thing happened to my 3 friends who got the same phone at the same time (we all had decided to try it together). Then it started again, worse than before. We all gave up and got new phones. I went back to the Xenon until my upgrade, and I love I'm so happy I found one. The Impression was the worst phone in the entire world!

Do not buy this phone! Its horrible first I got one and the keypads lights didn't light up! So then I got another one and I dropped it (while it had a case on) and it the ribbon cable snapped. I fixed it at a local repair store and it broke again later on. I warn you. Its awful and cheaply made!

My wife literally wore her first one out from years of use.  But she likes the model so much, she wanted another one rather than a different phone.  She was not disappointed.

I understand that it was refurbished, but only after about two weeks; the screen froze and it now sits in my junk draw.

This phone was great to about a year in, when the earpiece died (So know all my calls are on Speaker), the screen started going black, and freezing, until finally this morning it died, horrible phone, i know of at least 5 of these phones that have done this,my mother has the same exact phone and its doing the same exact thing mine is, and she barely uses it, SO DON'T BUY THIS PHONE, i will never buy another Samsung again after this experience

This phone is terrible. Once a day it &#34;crashes&#34; and will not send text or accept calls until it is turned off and reset. I have had it now for 16 months and the screen is going out...even with a new battery.

I loved this phone when I got it!  It was easy to use and texting was a breeze!HOWEVER...My first one went from perfect to unresponsive screen in a matter of minutes one day, for no reason at all.  I'd only had the phone for about 6 months and took very good care of it.  I was able to get it replaced, but my second one suddenly did the same thing (at the 6-month mark again!) and my warranty is now void.  The customer service rep for AT&T; said that she receives many calls about unresponsive touchscreens on Samsung Impressions.I do not recommend this phone for anyone who wants to use it for more than half a year.

The SGH-A877 phone is a good choice if you need a cost effective cel phone. It does what is it designed for. I've been using this model for a few years now. The touch pad is sensitive and prone to failure if you abuse it.  If you exercise a bit of patience while touching the icons in lieu of mashing them the touch pad it will last longer. I've yet to see any phone where the touch screen didn't give out at some point.Great bang for the buck.

I had one of these for one year before the touch screen completely stopped working. The keyboard started messing up within a couple weeks, which is one of the most annoying details about this phone. Try texting and it will look like this, "Hheeyy I wwill givvvee uo a. Calll atter"..... The teathering capability is the best feature if you have unlimited data and 3G signal. The speaker is ok, touchscreen scrathes very easy! One really good detail is that is doesnt break easily. I dropped mine hundreds of times working and never broke. 3 stars do to the keyboard issues, cell reception issues, dropped calls all the time, and then touchscreen went out.

Even the wife loves it and she's no techie! Love the slide out keyboard. Phone is a bit hefty and weighs a tad more than previous similar Samsung's but great connectivity and sound quality. Keeps her happy and that's all that counts!:) Great price for a basic phone. Slid in the old ATT prepaid SIM card and it was up and running instantly.

I have always bought Samsung phones and they have always been a good product.  My husband has this phone so I bought it for my son. Had it 32 days and no one could hear him speaking on it any longer.  30 day guarantee unable to return it. Ggggrrr.

This cell phone has worked great for the past year.  All of a sudden my screen has frozen making it impossible to access any of my information or message anyone.  The phone comes with a one year warranty so no one would do anything to fix this problem.  It is so annoying, and after reading reviews on the Samsung website, I am not the only one with this problem.  Do not buy this phone!!! Disapointment from Samsung!

saved phone numbers are automatically deleted at times----frustrating when this happens.I like the phone overall but my old Samsung phone did not delete phone numbers like this one does

Needed a unlocked phone a full keyboard, I saw the Samsung Impression and it was just what I was looking for; great for texting, sending video messages, etc. Looking for a simple, easy to use phone, get this one!

This has been a good phone.  The only problem is that if you don't turn it on and off about 1 time a week then it will stop sending text messages.

Great phone.  If I take the time to figure out how to add "recent calls" to the desk top I will be totally happy.  Now, I have to go to "my stuff", "tools" and then "recent calls".  I also want to figure out how to redial with out going to "recent calls".  Instead of reading the manual I may just get my nephew to look at it.

This is the second time that I have owned one of these phones and I have loved them from the very first day that I got it! The first Impressiopn that I had the screen went out but I don't feel like there was a flaw with the phone,I believe that some of my relatives were using my phone and were punching the touchscreen and that is what caused it to go out. My second Impression I kind of got by accident, I had actually ordered it for a friend and she loved the phone too except that the keyboard slides to the side instead of up, so she decided to sell it to me and because of how badly I wanted another Impression, my husband bought it from her for me. I have had my new phone for about 2 weeks now and I have had absolutely no problems with it!! I still love this phone and I do not believe that I could be happier with any other phone!!!!!! It is fantastic!!!

Its great it works perferct I love it couldnt ask for a better phone !!!!!!!! Thanks so much for a great phone

i absoloutly LOVE the keyboard! i am a big text-er and for me, the keyboard is nice and easy to use.  The keys are spaced apart, and the keys are easy to use and big.The touch screen is sometimes hard to press, but otherwise it is good. But there is one problem...... at least once a day, when i try to send a message, it take FOREVER! so i have to switch it on then back on again, and this is a very frequent problem

The phone is great but the only down side to mine is that this is my second one and the screens froze on both of them .

The phone is great....Easy to use works like a smartphone..And company sent my order out fast got it way before its due date..Will use them again...

I had two of these phones and the first on the touch screen stopped working on it. They replaced it with the same phone and after about 6 months of having it the samething is happening to it. I even did a manufacture reset on it and also recalibrated it a dozen or more times and it works for a little while but goes back down again. This is a nice phone besides the issues with the screen.

This phone is like new condition and works very well.  This is the kind of phone my husband likes and he has had no problems with it.

What a great Phone! If you don't want a smart phone....this is the phone  have because it does all the great stuff

I bought Samsung Impression A877 nearly 15 months ago through AT&T.; The battery life was not bad. Only advantage with this phone is the qwerty keyboard, if you are used to sending a lot of messages. You cannot write any app for this, and you cannot load any third party apps - even sucky WAP apps cannot be installed.The biggest problem is the quality of the touchpad. Within two months of purchase, the touch pad stopped working. I cannot call or message anybody. It was within the warranty and so I got it replaced with a new set. It's touchpad lasted for 6 months. Then it failed again all of a sudden. Again through the warranty I got another piece. This one lasted until yesterday. And now it's not working. What's the problem? It's touchpad, again stopped working. Now I am out of warranty and not yet eligible for an upgrade.The phone is cheap, but never worth the money you pay for it.Samsung Impression A877 easily ranks as the worst phone I've ever used.

I'm petty upset the phone lasted maybe a week then the screen quit worrking . I want my money back.

I had this phone close to two years. I loved it. I now have the captivate and i really miss the sliding keyboard from my impression. Impression has had great battery life and was fast!!

I bought this phone for my daughter. She turned it on and the screen went blank... The letters light up so I know it 's on. And I don't know how to return it.

Product was advertised as new and this was not the case. The phone was refurbished and did not come with a battery. Would never had purchased the phone if I had known it was not new

I did not like this phone for my use. My daughter has it and loves it so I tried it but I didn't like how thick and heavy it was.

For a pre-teen who you do not want to run up internet charges. Gives them limited access. Not for an adult who wants a compact touch screen.

The phone works great!  I ordered it for my son to replace a more expensive one he damanged.  Doesn't have everything his Vivid phone had but couldn't beat the price.

I ordered a samsung impression from recellulartoo and was excited when it arrived. Being that it was used I expected scratches and some small dings but the one I received looked like someone dragged it across the concrete. Wasn't worried about it because I was getting a protective case for it so it wouldn't show but there was a scratch about half the size of you pinky on the screen and it was unresponsive. I got in contact with the seller and he placed a replacement order for the phone after two emails and a phone call. Unfortunately, he sent me the wrong phone. Some big bulky flip phone used on Verizon netwrk,total opposite of what I ordered. Contacted him again, by phone only, we were able to work things out and they sent out the right phone which looked eight times better than the first they sent me. It works fine, had the texting problems but reading other's feedback I've managed to only encounter that problem once. Other than that, I'm happy about my new used phone.

This phone was designed by a stupid person. The lock button literally impossible to depress without sliding the phone open AND pressing one of the several buttons on the other edge of the screen. On the inside it's difficult to navigate, and I still haven't figured out how to change my voicemail greeting. It's too big for me too, I'm 5'4 with average sized hands and I wish I ordered the smaller LG model I was looking at. For me it'sa major downgrade from a busted iphone 4, I got it just to tide me over till I can upgrade in four months, but I'm not sure I'm going to make it. Try a different phone, this one sucks.

Sadly I had to return this because It did not work properly. The button on the side of the phone was not set in, it was sticking up on one end. There was no problem with the return.

I bought this phone used from a different seller than Amazon, and let me say, even used, this phone is great. It's sturdy (so dropping it wont kill it, but obviously isn't recommended lol), it's easy to use, and the QWERTY keyboard is great. Would definitely recommend purchasing a screen protector since the phone is touch screen, and a case (obviously) to extend the life of the phones functionality. The only complaint I have is that you can't change the lock screens background. The one on it isn't bad but I'd like to make it my own, but sadly can't (unless I haven't figured it out, which I'm sure isn't the issue lol).

I received the item sooner than estimated which was a great thing. I like the functionality of the phone and seemed in good condition. Although, I'm disappointed with the battery-life of the battery provided. the battery does not hold a good charge.

This is the worst phone that I have ever used, so far. There are multiple issues, and I've bought this phone TWICE, and both times it has broken within a year. The first time, the phone worked pretty well, despite the fact that after every couple 100 messages, you'd have to turn the phone off, and restart it because the messages would stop sending. But besides that, I still had faith in the phone. It was nicely built, very sleek, and had both a touchscreen AND physical keypad. I really appreciated that. It had a neat little sidebar, and was easy to use. Unfortunately, within about 12 months of this, my phone really started glitching. My dear samsung impression began to have static. The screen started to turn into negative colors, or just any colors. The text would sometimes flip backwards. However, these were just lapses. I thought that they would go away. Within 2 weeks of this, the screen flipped, and it moved up about 1" from the bottom. So we just had a black space. The funny part was, that if you pressed the black space (where the touch screen buttons should have been), the still "screen" part, would respond. But I couldn't see anything, since there was a big black part on the screen. So, I had to trash the phone. I thought I just had a glitchy phone, so I got another one. It's been about 10 months again, and the exact same thing has happened, except its broken within 1 week of the "weird color phase", and it broke because the touchscreen has just stopped functioning.never. ever. getting. a samsung phone again. majorly disappointed. I hope that you won't make the same mistake.

I had a problem with one of my phones and was told I'd receive a return lable to send my phone back and would get a new phone.  Expected to receive the return lable in the U.S. mail and finally find it in my e-mail. It's been over 2 months since I sent my phone back and still have not received my new phone.  My phone would freeze and I couldn't end a call or it would shut down when I would try to make a call and the battery would not last two days.  I was told they would fully check out another phone to make sure it was working perfectly before sending it to me.  I'm still waiting !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

My sister bought this phone brand new MANY years ago, and when it finally broke, she was devastated. We found this phone available online and purchased it for a very reasonable price. She refuses to upgrade to the new 4G phones because of how much she loves this phone. I had it as well many years ago, and it was probably the only phone I ever had that didn&#8217;t freeze up or require constant updates.

I purchased this phone from my local AT&T store 6 months ago. I loved this phone, everything on it was amazing! But just about a month ago my screen had this little candy cane colored bar going across the screen then it started to lag up and turn this Sea-foam green color then it eventually turned Pink and it short circuited leaving it useless, the touch screen no longer responded... I am looking forward to replace it with a new one because I mean I really love this phone, I just wish my current one would still work. Yes, I seen on a lot of reviews not just on here but other sites for this phone about the messaging freezing up. Just delete the messages every 50 or so, it really helps! I bought a SD card for my music because I love blasting it when I walk around or BMX around the city. I honestly would recommend this phone for someone looking for a touch screen slider. It really is a great phone, just try not to drop it too much... Hahaha.

I finished charging phone put my contacts in it and started to use it would text a few messages then the would start to freeze and you were typing out messages then would shut itself off you would turn it back on it would do the same thing again . My first cell phone was a Impression and I liked the style of phone this phone itself was bad .

This phone's screen was terrible, so no matter how I tried, the place I touched was never where the phone registered it. The settings were not accessible, the sound quality of calls was horrible. Bad battery life. Overall the worst phone I have ever owned. Buy any other phone than this one.

PROS:After the touch screen stops working, I can still dial and receive phone calls.CONS:After the touch screen stops working, I can't do ANYTHING except dial and receive phone calls.  I can't read text messages, so my phone keeps buzzing every two minutes to let me know I have new messages-- unless I turn the volume all the way down, in which case I miss in-coming calls because the ringer is also turned down.I can't even get my data off the phone because when I connect it to a computer and I'm prompted to choose a type of connection, I can't make a selection because the damn touch screen won't respond.What kind of head-up-his-rectal-orifice imbecile designs a device that is rendered all but fully crippled despite the 47 non-touch-screen buttons found on the rest of the bloody machine??  Not even the "RETURN/ENTER" button does anything useful!Other things that are wrong with this worthless piece of rubbish before the touch screen stops working:* Despite the EIGHT GIGABYTE memory card inserted into the phone, it cannot be used to store simple data like text messages, so it's all to easy to use up your text message capacity.* Long text messages may use up multiple text message slots.  No big deal if you're keeping an eye on your total message count, right?  Wrong!  The text message memory management tools still counts multi-slot messages as single messages, so you could have over 200 "available text message slots" and still get hit with, "You have a new text message but not enough memory to receive it; delete some old messages."* I set my phone to "automatically delete oldest messages when full," yet I still got slammed with "You have a new text message but not enough memory to receive it; delete some old messages" WITHOUT any old messages being automatically deleted.* I finally caved in and selected "automatically delete messages that are three weeks old."  Every night at midnight, the display lights up as brightly as it can, and makes the loud, default, unchangeable "DING!" noise for each message deleted.* When typing messages with the keyboard, every keypress registers anywhere from 0 to 3 times.  Best result are had if you mash the buttons angrily with enough force to press your thumbs through steel walls.* The random keystroke multiplier also occurs when trying to dial phone numbers or use automated services which respond to EXACT number-input, which means I've had to hang up and call again a few times to navigate some services' phone systems.* The text typing program tries to help you compose grammatically correct messages by scanning the ENTIRE message and making sure that, if you just entered a SPACE character after one or more other SPACE characters, and the last character preceding the first SPACE character was NOT a PERIOD, it automatically inserts a PERIOD character for you, even if it means placing it immediately after an EXCLAMATION MARK, QUESTION MARK, COLON, or any other grammatical character.* Because the ENTIRE message is scanned for PERIOD insertion with EVERY keypress, when composing moderately lengthy messages, the message scanning slows down the keypress buffer and keystrokes are lost, so you have to slow down to the point where it's advisable to wait the entire 1 to 2 seconds it takes for the last character you entered to appear before trying to type another.* The phone has a feature that lets you view plain text files by arbitrarily choosing a fixed character length at which to wrap the text then generating a graphical representation of the text as it would appear on a sheet of paper.  The characters-per-line length is such that you have to zoom in to be able to decipher any of the text, then pan back and forth to read the text line-by-line.  Whether you are viewing in portrait or landscape mode, the scale is the same and unchanged.  Viewing in landscape is better because you can see more horizontally, but you still have to pan a few times to get all the way across a line.  EACH time you pan or zoom, the graphic representation is fully regenerated, and it is NOT fast.* When scrolling through file lists in landscape mode via the UP/DOWN arrow keys, the file list scrolls the same distance it would if you were using the UP/DOWN arrow keys to scroll in portrait mode, which is IMPOSSIBLE to do because the arrow keys are hidden when you've tucked the keyboard back inside the phone for portrait mode.This phone was obviously designed by complete and utter idiots.

My cousin got this phone, and has had 2 replacements and has never had it wet or even abused the phone any. It had the screen going out, turning rainbowish colors. Her second phone seems to be working, but neither of us seem to think it is an impressive phone

This was the same phone I was using when my speakers went out.  The phone was no longer available in the stores, but I wanted the same phone.  The box  and I believe the ad said the phone was blue, which would have been pretty, but the phone was black.  My other phone was black, so that was not major.

The Impression is an amazing phone. I chose this over the LG xenon because its bigger and better. It's AMOLED screen is super bright. Pictures and video looks amazing.  The touch screen is responsive and has 4 different levels of haptic feedback. For receiving calls and messages, you can choose different vibration patterns and 7 different levels of vibrate.The keyboard is pretty big and if you have a small hand, it might slow down your typing a bit. There's a handy message button on the keyboard that opens a new message. There are 4 different ways to text(full qwerty keyboard, virtual qwerty, virtual T-9, and you can also draw letters to type). The keyboard is slower than me, so I'll stop typing and it will keep going.Calls are loud and clear.  You can also use videoshare during calls with other videoshare enabled phones.  The camera is great.  You can't zoom with the camera, but you can zoom in the video mode.  The camera also has frames which are kind of cool.  You can also take panoramic pictures, you take a picture then you put the aim thing in the box and it auto takes a picture and it does this 6 times and automatically lines them all up.Overall, It's a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone who asks.

Oh my GOD...This has got to be just about the worst piece of garbage ever perpetrated onto the public as a cell phone.The first one I had, the screen went black when it was opened to the keyboard. Then, it went completely out. I wanted to stay with the same phone, so I ordered another. That one went out, too. So, my third....I bought and made about 4 phone calls (I use it as a secondary cell line-not my primary phone). I had it for 4 months, and depsite barely using it, the screen stopped responding to touch. I did a hard re-set, according to Samsung tech support by typing in a code, which powered down and re-started the phone. When it came back on, the calibration screen came on, but would not go past the last calibration target. I tried multiple times, which had me pushing the target hundreds of times. I finally gave up. I'm looking to switch to a brand that I can trust, like Motorola.Avoid this phone like the plague-unless you like wasting your money, like I did and being tortured.

It is too bad AT&T; discontinued this phone. Compared to their current comparable releases -the LG Xpression and the Pantech Series of texting phones (March 2013), this model still stands out in terms of quality and durability. Not a top line smartphone, but even after several years, this model does almost everything I need to do.In the past three years I have taken this phone to all regions of the United States, dropped it, sat on it, scratched it and nearly lost it, but it has stood up really well to everything it has gone through. So rather than write another narrative, here are my pros and cons"Pros-great pull out keyboard-plenty of memory to store pictures, music, video clips and other memories-holds a mini SD card-easy to use navigation and hot keys-enough battery for several days if you don't talk, text or use too much multimedia-very tough and rugged-settings are easy to adjust-easy to unlock-touch screen menus are easy to find and navigateCons-Camera and video are shaky and rather low quality-It is hard to take pictures and video-battery compartment is hard to remove and microSD card is hard to find and replace-sound quality and speakers are on the low quality side-the screen tends to scratch too easily-the side keys are not labelled and take a bit of time to find-no voice recognition features -u still have to use your fingers-would prefer a regulard SD or XD card built inAT&T; please bring back and upgrade?

I had an Impression before this one for three years which finally suffered a hardware issue that was unrepairable. An identical replacement was unavailable from ATT. After settling for a "Flight" for a few months I tried Amazon and now I have my Impression and I am happy! Sometimes you want what you are comfortable with. Thanks!

It worked fine at first but sometimes it has some quirky moments. Screen likes to go black or half black. Doing a little bit what my last phone did.

This phone sucks the battery life is 0 and i am very disapointed i want my money back.  Please do not buy this phone.

I love this phone.  The slide out keyboard works great and the touch screen reacts quickly compared to other touch screen phones.

This phone is a great choice for a non-smart phone. It is better it the phone gets shut off and turned back on few times a day. Phone tends to freeze, but turning the phone off and on it quick and easy to do. Other than that great phone. Easy texting on screen and with the keyboard.

I've had this phone for almost two years now and it has been the BEST phone that I have ever purchased.  I've never had any problems with it until very recently.  I accidentally left the phone out in the heat whilst at the pool at it got so hot that I couldn't even touch it.  I have a feeling that this is what has killed the phone.  I do see that other people have posted similar problems with their phone, but I've had it for two years without any problems until i left it out in the heat.  Now I can't use the touch-screen unless it has been slid out, the screen flashes a lot when i attempt to use it, and it's having a very hard time making calls.  Also the battery now lasts for less than a day because I'm pretty sure my phone shorted the battery out.  I LOVE this phone and the AT&T store has no phones as good as this one at the moment, so I'll probably just re-buy one from here.  This is the only problem that I have ever had with it so I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting a new phone. I never had the problems that other people have posted on Samsung's site or here, but maybe it depends on the phone.

I love this phone.  It's was an wonderful phone.  Still has it at home.  The best phone I got.  It's an wonderful phone.

From the start this phone has given me nothing but grief. The volume goes down on its own, buttons have fallen off, it doesn't always ring when a call come in. Texting more than 3 texts in a row causes the texting to freeze up. & I have to restart phone. I have explained to the seller than I must have a working phone due to the fact that I am in end stage kidney failure & on the waiting list for a new kidney. If a kidney becomes available and I miss the call, I will lose the kidney has there is a limited amount of time spent on attempting to contact me before they move on to another patient.I have contacted the seller 3 times with no response. This is unacceptable.

Phone is great with the exception of the very, very easily scratched screen. Within one day the screen showed more scratches than my iPhone after three years of use. Make sure that you order screen protectors when you purchase this phone, as no one at least where I live carries them, and I was forced to buy and cut down oversized generic protectors. Phone would have received a higher rating from me had this problem not been so acute.

This is my favorite phone of all time.  I have not bought into the whole smart phone chaos ( I know, I don't know what I'm missing until I have it ), but I'm not paying for a data plan, simple as that.  I have had many of these phones.  They are a little bit on the larger/heavier side, because these were one of the last quality phone made.  This has about as many features as you will ever get with a &#34;basic&#34; phone. High quality, LOVE LOVE LOVE the great-quality slide out keyboard.  I have never found a &#34;basic&#34; phone that compares with this, and still am using this phone in 2013, even if I have to buy it used. I do not want to ever buy into the data plan craze....but the phone companies are trying to force this on us...

This phone was supposed to an unlocked AT&T new phone. The back cover does not fit and the battery is not the original. I have also found a couple of scratches on the phone so it is not a new phone as promised.

HATE this phone! I bought this to replace a broken phone because I didnt want to pay an out of contract price and it is not worth it at all! I would NEVER recommend to ANYONE! I was really excited when I ordered it and as soon as I got it I didnt like it. It is very big and hard to fit in my pockets(I do have a case on it).The buttons never work right, so when I am texting random letters wont work when I press them. And then some will randomly put like multiple letters (it looks like this "ttthe". Its really annoying and I will avoid using my phone just because it is such a pain sometimes.It also only works about 60% of the time. It will randomly stop working and wont send or recieve anything so I have to turn it off and then back on and it starts to work again. Its a pain because I never know when it wont work so it wont be working for a few hours and I will have no idea that someone was trying to get ahold of me. This happens about 5 times a day so I have to constantly turn my phone off and on to make sure its working.You cant talk on the phone and do anything else at the same time. So when you call a business and get a voicemail and you need to hit a certain number to reach a certain person, you cant. The screen wont work when you are talking.Save yourself the trouble and get something a little nicer that will acually work like it should!The ONLY pros of this phone is;The battery life will last me days. Charges really fast.No data plan requiredTouch screen + side keyboardDONT BUY!!

when i got this phone i was glad how early it came. its a great inexpensive phone that i enjoy txting and looking up my e-mail

I got the samsung impressions about a year ago. I initially loved it, because it worked great. The screen is nice, it takes pretty good pictures, as long as you have good lighting, and the slide out keyboard is the biggest advantage to this phone. But, after a few months, the phone starts freezing up when you try to send or receive texts. It is THE MOST ANNOYING THING EVER! i have to restart this phone at least ten times a day because of it freezing. if it weren't for that, I would highly recommend this phone. but now i am looking for a new phone because it is starting to freeze up on me more and more.

If your looking for a non smartphone this is it. Its amoled screen is beautiful and bright enough to see outdoors. The touch screen is very responsive and its physical keyboard is a plus. Feels good in the hand and is easy to use, not to mention the phone feels very solid. Would recommend to anyone looking for a non smartphone.

Yeah this phone took a lot of abuse. I am very clumsy and dropped it many many times, once down a flight of concrete stairs and while the phone got dinged up the screen didn't crack.I only have two problems with this phone:1.) Occasionally while sending a text message the screen would stay stuck on "Sending". It would keep saying "Sending" for a few minutes then it would say "Message Failed To Send". It would keep saying that no matter how good your signal was or who you were texting. You would have to re-start the phone in order for your message to be sent. You could avoid this problem by re-starting your phone a couple times throughout the day (like when you're eating lunch and not using it). It restarts quickly but it is still a hassle.2.) The slide-out keyboard is slow. You can't type very fast on it because it becomes unresponsive.Other than that great phone.A great feature that it has is that the alarm will go off even if the phone is off, extremely useful if you are on a 2 week camping trip and lost your charger. The battery lasts a long time too, I would charge it once every four days.I stopped using it when one day the MicroSD Card wouldn't read. I took it out and the phone was fine, but when I put it back in the phone would freeze up. It was strange since I hadn't put anything on the card for over a month and it never did that before. I called Customer Support and they said they had to replace the mother board and it would cost $70. I decided not to fix it and use those $70 to get an Android.Occasionally I still use the Impression though, I have it as my back up phone in my emergency kit because it still works great and gets signal where other At&t; phones don't get signal.

THIS PHONE IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY, I HAVE 5 OF THEM ON MY FAMILY PLAN. WE ARE DOWN ONE NOW, THE SPEAKER HAS A DEFECT IN IT, YOU CANNOT HEAR THE PERSON YOU ARE TALKING TO. ALL FOUR OF THESE PHONES DID THE SAME THING. AT&T and samsung would not relace them, had to spend money to purchase go phones to make it through the contract. beware if you buy this phone

Do not ever get this phoneit is a decent phone for awhile but then it starts to bug out youwith the one i have now(my second one) half the screen goes black and you cant see half the time the whole screen goes blacksave yourself the money do not buy itit has no water damage and ive never dropped it

This phone was just what I wanted with a little more added in. I was basically looking for something that could function like a "smart" phone (iphone, palm pre, blackberry, etc) but wouldn't have a proprietary monthly charge for using. I mainly text message, talk on the phone, take pictures, and occasionally surf the web.The slide out keyboard is a real plus. It is a bit large, so you have to get used to that. The AMOLED screen is really bright and has a great picture. The phone quality is pretty good. The camera doesn't have a flash, but at 3 MP it takes decent pictures. On some screens (viewing pictures, browser, typing a message), you can turn the phone sideways and it will rotate the picture (like the iphone), but the rotating is inconsistent (doesn't work in some places where it seems it should).My main gripe about this phone is that AT&T;'s webmail doesn't include gmail (which I already knew, so maybe it's more of an AT&T; gripe). Also, the downloadable gmail app or just browsing to gmail in the browser doesn't work as well as it should, which brings me to my next concern. The web browser is a standard mobile phone browser, very rough. It loads pages pretty fast, but it's not fun to use it for any length of time. Another issue, is the lock key is on the side of the phone in such a way that it's hard to unlock. Trying to hold the lock key usually results in sliding the keyboard out a bit. After you're used to it, it's not too bad, but still annoying.Even with all the problems, this is a great phone, and I would purchase it again.

bought this phone two months ago new because the refurbished ones seemed to have bad reviews. I like the full light up keyboard and calls are much more clear than my old phone. The sliding mechanism feels flimsy, and overall the phone seems cheap/poor quality. I dropped it once and it scratched pretty badly.now the screen is starting to glitch, the colors flicker to green and red, and anywhere you touch turns to bars of static. sometimes opening or closing the slider will fix it, sometimes it will get worse. this morning the screen went completely black but I could see the back light was still working. restarting fixed it this time.I am very upset with this phone having troubles so soon, especially since it is brand new. will try and see if it can be replaced but it is a hassle having to go without a phone for a few days

the charging connector works only intermittently. Have to fiddle with connector for the phone to charge. I would not recommend this phone.

Pros:PriceQualityBig screenCons:Odd ball chargerNot very customizableOverall good value for the money for this level of phone.

I went from a V5 Slider (MTV) which was just awful, to a Nokia 6234 (more on that one later), to my new Samsung A877.  I bought this new but it turned out to be an import from USA AT&T;, therefore most of the menu icons were of no use to me, and no GPS to name but a few of the functions that wouldn't work in this country. If I was back in USA, I know I'd get a lot more use out of it and it would be given a higher rating with the sound exception (see below).The phone itself is nicely made - I was looking forward to the large qwerty keyboard, however hurt my wrist badly so have to use the touchscreen small pad for txts. Good to have the options though.The one thing I do not like is the sound - like a lot of phones now-days it has one speaker and sounds AWFUL...I take pain meds on a regular basis daily and use my mobile to alert me with an alarm - I *prefer* for the alarm to be a mp3 of my choice as I do with text msg's coming in, which is another reason I bought this phone, as it said you can use your own mp3's for alarms etc.  They lied! I tried this with several, and it didn't work, so downloaded a program to cut up my mp3 to make it 20 secs like their tones/alarms - this still did not allow it to be set as an alarm or for the calendar alarm, so this is a major flaw - since it's an import my ISP won't help me out with tech help, nor can I find it online.I currently use 2 mobiles now - the Samsung for txting and the Nokia for alarms, but have decided to sell the Samsung as I can txt faster on a non-touch screen phone one-handed, and although it's cool to have a hot looking phone, I'm going to go with practicality and usability, which the Nokia wins hands down!

This phone is okay. Sometimes the messages don't send through and there is no music or earphone holder, the lock button can also be difficult but it's a good first time phone.

I hate this phone you cannot download full songs on it and I wish I had of kept my other phone

It works great for me especially for texting.  I have had no problem with this phone and I would recommend it if you don't want a phone that does alot

I needed a replacement phone for a cheaper flip phone but not a phone with all bells and whistles of an iphone.  I am pleased with this phone so far.  It is sturdy and easy to use. It is well worth the money for someone of a fixed income.

I had the Nokia E71x and just didn't like the fact that the screen was so small, the ringer wasn't loud enough, and the keys were right out there to gather dust.  So I ordered the Samsung Impression (much to my daughter's dismay) and I LOVE IT!!!  I like the fact that it is a slider and therefore I don't have to worry about the keys getting anything on them while in my purse.  The screen is twice the size of the Nokia and even though you can't enlarge the font, it is large enough to read clearly anyway.  The ringer is nice and loud and I can hear it when it's buried in the bottom of my purse.I like the other features on this phone such as the touch screen.  I love the way I can slide things from one place to another and customize the screen to suit myself.  This phone takes great pictures.  At first I didn't have a case on it but now I do (I was always afraid I would drop and break the phone).  With the case on it, I don't have to worry about putting my finger on the lens of the camera now.  I have a tendency to put my index finger there while talking.  Now the case keeps my finger from touching the lens.  I haven't learned how to take a panoramic photo like some have but maybe I will one day.The thing I didn't like was the fact that you don't get a manual - except for othe CD that comes with it.  Since it isn't always convenient to use a computer to find out something about the phone, a manual would be beneficial.  Samsung needs to remedy that problem.I think the phone is fantastic and would recommend it to everyone!

I got this phone to replace my husbands old phone and he liked it. the battery does lose power kind of fast. overall its a good temporary replacement phone that's definitely worth this price!

Already the touch screen is going out. I don't know why I even tried to go back to this phone. Its simple and the slide out keyboard is nice but overall it just stinks.

this phone is working great..This phone has been wonderful since day one... I really like this phone & they have discontinued it but Amazon has them..  So much better than one off of Ebay ordered. Ebay phone did not ever work correctly.

I loved my first Impression and had it for more than 3 problem free years.  So when the flex cable gave out and my son's pentec phone stopped working, I bought two more Impressions.  These were not as good.  They had spotty  touch screens and certain functions would intermittently stop working.  Wish they all were as good as my first phone.

this phone was great when i first got it. but after having it for about 2 weeks there have been major problems. i can no longer use the slide out keyboard becuase when you type it takes 10 years for it to come on the screen. and half the time the keys dont type when you know you hit them. that was pretty much the only problem i have with it. except, now that i have to use the keyboard on the screen the phone will randomly freeze and the text will be completely messed up. and not how i typed it. but if it werent for those problems i wouldnt be buying a new phone now.

This phone is pretty good. I have had it for 2 years before it began to die. That was because I dropped it ALOT.I like the touch screen because it was pressure sensitive. My big fingers could never work on the Iphones that well.Before you buy a used one make sure it works very well. I bought a used one from "INCREASED MOBILITY" on amazon and it was CRAP. I tried to return it to them and its been about 4-5 months now and they "claimed" to never received it and I can not get my refund untill they do which I think will never happen SO I LOST $70. The phone that they sent me was pretty Glitchy as in the screen would not work at all. Since I can't leave a sellers feedback because its been past 3 months I just want to let people know don't get this phone from " INCREASED MOBILITY" because it will likely be a CRAP PHONE.

After receiving my third (3) Samsung SGH a877 Impression - Cellular phone that did not work from MWholesale co. I finally gave upon getting a product from this company that works. When you ask a company three times to test the phones before shipment I finallyrealized they were sending me junk seemingly on purpose. First time I ever purhased anything via Amazon and I'm very disappointed.

Purchased a Samsung SGH A877 from Azi through Amazon.  The original phone had some defects and the seller was excellent on my returning the phone followed by a super fast new phone shipped to me.  The new phone has worked flawlessly.  I am very pleased with Azi, Amazon, and the phone.

Really like the slideout keyboard. Screen is responsive but could be brighter. Eats small battery so that one to two charges per day are required (but small battery). Decent antenna. Great buy for price.

I had this phone for 14 months and loved it. So much that when I started having problems with the touch screen I purchased another on Amazon as it was not time to renew my contract yet. I receieved the phone and after 2 weeks the phone stopeed working. I have read many negative reviews on this phone so I guess I was one of the lucky ones who had it for 14 months with no problems. The seller was very nice though and refunded me my money with no questions asked.

I got the Samsung Impression about a year and a half ago when it was time for my upgrade. I was choosing between the this phone and the LG Vu Plus, and now that I've had the Impression, I wish I would have chosen the Vu.The Impression is a good, durable phone. I don't know how many times I've dropped it. The battery life is pretty good, and I've had no problems in those departments. The touch screen works fine and is responsive. The camera is really good and takes really clear pictures even when your hand shakes.The only things that annoy me with this phone is that after texting for a while the messages will stop sending, even with perfect range and 5 bars of service. When this happens you have to turn the phone completely off and then turn it back on. Even after doing all of this you have to wait until the messaging feature initializes to get back to texting. The other thing is that sometimes when making calls you can't hear the person you're calling. The call will go through and the person on the other end can hear you but there's absolutely no sound coming from their end. When this happens you also have to turn the phone off and turn it back on. This has gotten me in SO much trouble with my parents, especially when I've gone out with friends and tried to call them only to have them get upset with how I'm talking and asking "Hello?" whenever they're trying to tell me something.I've never used the internet browser so I can't comment, but sometimes I'm glad that I had the internet browsers disabled because this phone somehow goes on the internet by itself. I've set it down and went to do something else only to come back and have the internet browser up and running.Overall, it's a pretty good phone in terms of durability and battery life, but I read the reviews on it before I got it and saw the same complaints I have now. Now I wish I would have listened. If it wasn't for the phone's annoying goof ups I would love it.

Since I am not tec person I wanted something that I could get calls, send a text and get pictures.  This phone is great. I love my old phone but after not being able to get my picture from newer 3G&4G phones I decided to upgrade.  It even came sooner that expected.  I am comfortable with the Samsung name, so I wanted to stay with them.  Not sure why there was negative reviews, but you get what you pay for. BTW I am a pre-paid AT&T customer so this phone was in my budget.

phone was listed as used and wouldn't activate at the AT&T store. It was listed as stolen so in order to have a phone right away I had to buy a brand new phone at AT&T anyway.

This phone has most features of a smart phone but isn't one.  The screen is big so viewing pictures is good.  Camera is pretty good too for a phone.  The only thing I don't like is that it does not group conversations for texting... there is only the inbox and outbox so if you want to review a message you have to swtich back and forth.  Love the fact that for the most part its a touch screen but with the slide out keyboard its still easy to make sure youre pushing the correct buttons for quicker texting.
