
Strengths: Wonderful graphics, fast touch screen, good and browser, texting in conversation form, Android market is great (tons of apps), the slide out keyboard is very good although it takes some getting used to, has the slide out keyboard, a horizontal on-screen keyboard, and a vertical on-screen keyboard, Calendar is a good program (easy to input information), good ringtones, the screen does not scratch easily, loop to put on phone charms, double space=., texting previews at top notification bar, a light sensor locks screen when covered by cheek during calls, can get different themes in the Android market.Weaknesses: Texts dont pop up when the arrive nor does the screen light up, Yahoo!mail must be manually set up, during a three-way call there is no option to hang up on only one party, battery dies quickly (I charge mine all the time though), screen won't dim very much even on the lowest setting, it's a bigger phone, cannot surf the interent during calls, cheek frequently hits the "mute" button during callsOverall: It's a really good phone, although it's a little bigger than the other Android phones. The pop-out keyboard is very worth the size, however! I have not had any problems with this phone, even after it has been dropped a few times already.

OK after 8 yrs with Verizon and suffering through a year of the BB Storm and paying almost $200 a month for 4 phones one having unlimited data, I have gotten myself off of the Verizon-go-round. I had a Sprint wireless data card (which blows Verizon's network out of the water, at least where I am located, plus Verizon was too restrictive in their GB usage) and went in to up-grade and was met by a very friendly and helpful sales person who suggested I look at Sprint for the rest of my wireless services. She presented me with a plan that would save me nearly $60 a month.  I even added my ex-wife to my plan.  I looked at the Moment and was taken by its look and feel.  But after I got a taste for its download speed and slick interface I was sold.  This is what I thought the Storm was going to be.  No lag when loading web pages, a wonderful touch screen QWERTY and the option of a slide out keyboard.  Apps through the Andriod Market that are quick and seamless and free for the most part.  I can actually watch a video on this smartphone and get through with out it taking 5 minuets to buffer, not to mention the gorgeous screen.  So in a few words I love the Moment.  The Motorola "Droid" feels like cheap plastic compared to the Moment, and even Droid on the Verizon network seemed to crawl and sputter to load a page.  This all synced easily with my Google calender and contacts.  One worry here; has Google now completely entered my entire life, they must know every move, word, search, and purchase I make.  Scary!There are a few cons though, battery life is very poor as mentioned elsewhere, I will see if a new battery improves the situation.  It would be great if they would update the Moment to Android 2.0 sooner rather than later.  The little covers for the USB port and the headphone jack are a bit annoying especially if you have to charge it often.  If the keys on the slide out where just a bit bigger it would be nice.  I would also like to delete any unused apps such as Nascar and NFL.  The interface could be a bit easier to customize but this is minor compared to the ugliness of the BB Storm and yes I had updated to 5.0.  I also miss some of the BB ring tones, like the alarm, but I will get over that I am sure.So over all very pleased and I am happy to leave Verizon, they are getting a bit to big for their britches and when approached about what Sprint was offering, my 8 yrs. of loyalty seemed worthless.  The response i got, the price you have is the one in the book there is no way to modify.  I said very well, thank you, and good-bye Verizon.

I know it is not for sale new anymore.  Just in case you want one used, do not buy it.  Samsung dropped support for this phone almost immediately.  The internet connectivity has always been snail pace, the phone locks up on and off, the GPS on my phone and many others has never worked, The battery is weak (most were in this time frame), the screen is not readable outdoors during the day - not just in the sunlight, it locks up in Airplane mode, etc. etc. The sad thing is that Samsung denied all of these things, dropped support and never looked back. The forums all say the same things above, it is real.  No more Samsung phones for me.  I would buy Motorola, HTC or Nokia if they come to Sprint.  I would get a Nokia tomorrow if they do.  The Galaxy S3 is supposed to be a great phone, the millions that bought it can have it.

The Samsung Moment from Sprint comes standard with Google Android OS 1.5, which is awesome!  The OS is very intuitive, the sync with Google products/services and other email providers is near seemless, the Android Market is very easy to use and install from, and the graphics are smooth, fluid, and eye-catching.  The phone itself is very sleek, has a very nice slide-out QWERTY keyboard with bubbled buttons for easy finding, and has a fairly large and very nice looking and responsive touchscreen.  The only quip I have with this phone is the battery life...  This phone/OS combo is a battery hog!  The battery lasts less than 24 hours on a single charge even when I just have it sitting on my desk and irregularly check it for notifications every couple of hours; granted, I only get 1 bar or less of signal at my desk.  Then, when I'm using the phone heavily with keyboard open and screen on, the battery lasts about 2 hours maximum...  Too bad I love to use the phone so much, because it seems like I almost constantly have it on the charger these days!  I did find a protective leather pouch for $10 on Amazon (don't buy Sprint's $40 case, too expensive!) and a car charger for $6 on Amazon (don't buy Sprint's $40 car charger, too expensive!).  I do wish someone would make a hard shell for the phone with some sort of door over the screen to close and protect it when not in use.  I'm also looking forward to Samsung sending out a firmware update to upgrade the OS to 2.0, but haven't heard if or when that might happen yet.  Other than though, the phone and OS are AWESOME and I highly recommend them both!

When I first got a look at this phone, I really liked the fact that not only was I able to have a qwerty keyboard but also I can use a touch screen keyboard. I have had my phones for 2 weeks now and I am getting the hang of things with it. As like any other phone they have there up's and downs with them. The battery life for me is not the best however that is why I have a charger with me. For my wife however , she can go on for a day and a half without charging the phone. The difference between my use and hers is I use mine at work and she uses hers once in a while. For the performance side, I do notice a slight sluggishness when rolling through menus such as the phone book or web pages however this does not bother me. The applications available for the phone are quite impressive for me. When i heard of the Android phone coming out, they only had a few apps out for the phone. Now, there seems to be a ton of them ranging from games to self improvement. I downloaded an app killer to aid in keeping my battery life the best I can for it. I discovered after a few days into having my phone the email application that comes with it did not always deliver my work emails to my phone. I found a good app called k9 to resolve this issue and have not had any issues since then. Overall, I do enjoy this phone and its features. Please understand that I am a first time touch screen phone owner and cannot help with a comparison to another touch screen phone such as the iPhone or any other manufactured phone that does touch screen. I do know for what I do in my line of work that this phone is suitable for its needs and makes me able to do work away from a PC. I hope this review helps you in your decision to make a purchase.

I've got this phone with Sprint service and it's the worst I've ever had to use.The service is spotty on its own, but the Moment has a mind of it's own. Settings change themselves, apps lauch on their own, there is massive lag on it, and it will never get flash support.

After 4 years with "the network," I said good riddance to Verizon's monolithic mentality and dumped them in favor of MORE for LE$$ with Sprint!Verizon has a great network, I'll give them that.  But their corporate mentality is arrogant and aloof, to put it mildly.  No matter the customer grievance, their retort is always, "yeah, but were the best."  Okay, good for you.  But a little humility and genuine customer appreciation is what keeps businesses going strong, as opposed to just being headstrong.Being the best means more than just having the most cell towers, it also means having genuine -- I repeat -- genuine -- customer care and offering quality service.  Verizon's reps do a great job of reading from their scripts, but whenever they don't know what to say, they revert to those standard go-to lines, like, "it's the network."  When I called to cancel my service, Verizon didn't disappoint and arrogantly said, "We find that customers often realize they've made a mistake and come back to us."  I mean, I admire their confidence, but seriously??  Is every other wireless carrier using CB radios and walky-talkies??  Verizon just doesn't get it -- monthly cell phone bills that rival most car payments simply isn't realistic for most people.  Verizon would charge us to breathe air if they could.  They're just too invasive and big brotherish for me; someone needs to sit them down and break the news that they're not protecting national secrets, they're just selling cell phones.  So after 4 years of that stuff, I say "goodbye and good riddance!"Hello Sprint & Samsung Moment!Most times, I do a lot of research when it comes to making any purchase.  But every so often, a product comes along that I make an instant connection with and I just go for it.  Last time, it was a new laptop, this time, it's The Moment!  And when I saw this phone on Sprint's website, I instantly knew it was the right phone for me.  I'd spent months, since last summer actually, looking for a reason to stay with Verizon or for a reason to leave.  I was genuinely on the fence with it and didn't know which way I'd go.  Then I saw The Moment and knew it was MY moment!After buying this phone and using it a couple weeks now, I really do love it more and more.  I've since read about problems others were having with it, but thankfully, that hasn't been the case for me.  My phone came with a new software update installed that apparently fixed the problems people were having prior, and Android 2.1 is due out by the end of the month, so it would seem this phone is just getting better and better.Sprint's Now NetworkFor all Verizon's scare tactics, Sprint's service has been just fine thus far.  No dropped calls. No dead zones.  Just good call quality.  In fact, people I talk to say I sound better on this new phone than I did on my old one.  Is it just the new phone, or is it the Now Network?? Either way, I'm happy!More For LE$$Ironically, the thing that pushed me away from Verizon is that they started making data plans mandatory.  I say "ironically" because I never wanted internet or data on my phone, but Verizon forced me to look at the issue.  At the time, they only offered 2 phones with a qwerty keyboard that didn't require a data plan. So I sat down and did the math -- how much for my same calling plan with Verizon plus a data package, vs., how much for something similar with Sprint.  Well, frankly, there is no comparison.  With Sprint I'm getting unlimited everything for one price -- unlimited mobile to mobile on ANY network, unlimited text messages, unlimited pic and video messages, unlimited data, no roaming, visual voice mail, GPS navigation, Sprint TV, complete Google integration and double the monthly minute allowance -- ALL included.  The same plan with Verizon would cost a lot more, with no discernable advantage -- well, unless you count the great V's frosty attitude as a selling point.Battery LifeAside from battery life, there's nothing I don't like about this phone!  But poor battery life seems to plague most smartphones, including the iphone, so it isn't fair to hang that on this Samsung alone.  Having said that, my battery life has improved over the two weeks that I've had the phone thus far.  But just to be safe, I did buy anImax Power IMP500external battery pack which gives almost 4x the capacity of the standard battery that came with my phone.  The iMax Power will charge my Moment in a pinch and keep me connected while it charges.  The iMax is a 'must have' for any smartphone user!LED Touch ScreenThe Moment has an AMOLED touch screen, which means it's bright, vibrant and eco-friendly.  Pictures look stunning, as do all the menus and screens on the phone.  I saw an online review that did a side-by-side comparison of the Moment's screen compared to Verizon's enV Touch and the difference is stark.  The Moment's display is nothing short of amazing.  And better still, I can see the Moment's screen even when outdoors.  The touch screen is responsive and never glitchy like my old phone was.  Going from one menu to the next is lightening fast and pinpoint accurate.QWERTY keyboard, oh how I love theeI know everyone's into touch screens now, and they're definitely cool.  But once you're spoiled with a full qwerty keyboard, there's just no going back -- and I don't mean a virtual touch screen keyboard -- I mean real, live buttons.  And with the Moment, you get the best of both.  I've had a qwerty keyboard for over 4 years now, so it was important to me that I have one on my new phone too.  Actually, it's one of the key issues I had with getting an iPhone.  So when I saw the Moment looked similar to an iPhone but slid open to reveal a qwerty keyboard, I was sold.  The keys are responsive and tactile.  It took me a few days to transition from the feel of my last phone, but now I'm thumbing my way through text messages faster than ever.  The keys are well spaced out, easy to use and backlit, though sometimes I wish they'd stay lit a bit longer.Optical MouseI'm not sure why they call it an optical mouse, but there's a little touch pad for your thumb that helps navigate through web pages with links crammed together too tightly.  Rather than trying to pinpoint my touch on the screen, the touch pad easily navigates from one link to the next similar to arrow keys or the track ball on a blackberry.  The touch pad can also be pushed like a button to click on anything highlighted.  And flicking your thumb on the pad easily navigates the cursor from one spot to the next -- it's functionally intuitive and feels natural to use.MultitaskingFinally!!! A phone that multitasks!!  I can listen to music, surf the web, send a text message and check my email all at the same time!! And yes -- take calls too!  My old phone couldn't even tell me the time if I was listening to music, but not this Moment; it's awesome to finally have a phone that can do more than one thing at a time!Android OSWhat can I say -- it's pretty darn great.  If this in any way foreshadows the operating system Google is planning to release for personal computers, then Microsoft Windows may well have something to worry about!  I can't wait to see what Android 2.1 looks like, and since it's developed by Google, I know I've got a great company standing behind this OS.Apps, apps, galoreI used to look at these apps and wonder what the big deal was.  But now that I have this phone, I see how fun it is to look for apps and find things that are actually useful in my daily life.  From silly apps that are just fun, to apps that actually make life easier, there's a breadth of free gizmos and gadgets I can add to this new pimped out gizmo gadget! And again, since this is all built on Google's Android OS, one can feel assured that this platform will be around for a while and there'll be plenty of developers supporting new apps.Bottom  Line:The Moment is a great phone, and thus far, I'm very happy with Sprint's service and reception.  If you're on the fence like I was -- afraid to leave Verizon but tempted by all that Sprint is offering at a much lower price --  fear not!! Make the leap; you'll be happy you did!  And get this Samsung Moment; it's awesome!

The phone is cool.  The phone is fun. Do not buy this phone. Cool and fun are not useful characteristics...form and function, please. I was in love with it at first and then it started having a myriad of problems...intermittently. First, I contacted my service provider, they referred me back to Amazon...who referred me to Samsung because I have had it just over a month.First it whorled itself into airplane mode and wouldn't come out. It turned off and then wouldn't come back on. Then it wouldn't recognize its own battery as being legit.  Now, it doesn't recognize its chargers so it cant be charged. Samsung doesn't provide a new phone, won't provide a loaner phone, will pick up this one and repair it but I will be without service for 7-10 days not including turn around time. Poor customer service. The item is obviously defective. I live rurally. This is my only phone.And, what people say about short battery time is true...I am not a phone devotee and I still run out of battery rapidly.

I'm in my fifth month of using the Samsung Moment on the Sprint Network and I've been very disappointed.  I've had numerous smart phones in the past and decided to give Android a try. The slide out keyboard was the main reason I went with the Moment in particular. To keep my compliants short and sweet:  buggy-crashes at least once a day, short battery life, prone to pocket calls under the right circumstances, poor layout of the send button when writing emails with the slide out keyboard has lead to many prematurely send emails. There are apps but I have to find that killer app that's made it worthwhile.  I am rarely  able to connect at 3G speeds. For me this ended up being an unintendedly expensive phone given that Sprint decided to reject my rebates for reason Sprint customer service has yet to satisfactorialy explained. 19 more months and I'm free.

I have had a Samsung Moment for 8 months now. The charge port has gotten loose and now the phone will not charge properly. I sent it into Samsung repair service under the one year warranty. They sent it back saying it is "Beyond economical repair" and that it was abused, then voided my warranty. How can charging your phone be called abuse? I charge it a few times a day because of the horrid battery life, but that should be expected with a phone like this. I see it as their way of skimping on customers to save a buck. Well, all I know is that I am NEVER buying a Samsung product again. (I also own a Samsung refrigerator, washer, and dryer, I can say their products are NOT made to last)

Froze all the time.Would have to take the battery out just to make it work again. It was super slow too!

I'll admit I was afraid to buy something so complicated looking.  All the reviews and Sprint product info made me want to try it.  Easy to learn and fun to use.  You can check email, send email, browse the internet and keep up with everything you would have to go to your computer for when you don't have the time. The Sprint service is always available and never fails you. The still camera and video are an unexpected plus.  The quality of the pictures and the ease of working with the pictures and film is simple and fun too.  Battery life ok, keyboard it great, but the touch screen is awesome.

I have had this phone for 2 years and just now upgraded to an HTC evo shift 4g.NO PROBLEMSMemory was greatBattery life was long lasting 4 to 6 daysTalk time was 5.5 hours or moreI could watch movies for about 3 to 4 hours before chargingLots of apps for anythingI could even use PDA NET to surf the internet when mine went down on my laptop using a USB tether.Screen was always bright and no lag or blurs.It IS Durable I dropped it about 15 times and it NEVER ONCE BROKE.The full keyboard makes it easy to text and surf the internet as well.ONE CONNO touch to zoom or pinch to zoom capability

Samsung moment is a great phone. Its has so many features that are wonderful like google maps and its text message setup. It is exactly as they call it a "smartphone". The only flaw I found is the battery. It doesn't have long working power with all the features the phone can be used for. If you just talk or text then it lasts until the next charge. But if you play a game or watch tv or listen to radio it eats up alot of battery power. Phone would be 100 percent perfect if they improved the battery power.As far as the cellphone services of the everything data plan you get alot for a good price. Although signal in my area(mid-hudson valley, New York)isn't perfect its passable. Hopefully this will get much better as time goes on.

I decided it was time to get a cell phone after finally fulfilling my contract with a VOIP carrier. I initially chose the Moment thinking it was a good midrange phone, with more then enough features for me. I never wanted a phone that could make the bed and start my car for me, just one that could make calls and have a few useful apps.The phone itself is just underpowered plain and simple. The hardware was never meant to run android and it shows. The phone is very unresponsive, irritatingly so. It also has a few known issues, the phone constantly locks up in data mode, and gets stuck in airplane mode. The touchscreen looks nice but doesn't always register touch, Im not sure if this is because of the laggy processor or the screen.Furthermore, this phone is discontinued @ sprint. It no longer will be receiving any other software updates ans had been replaced by the even sadder samsung instinct. If you want an android phone on sprint you only have one choice, and that is the Evo4 which I now own. Amazing phone (but thats a different review).

For the life of me I can not figure out the bad reviews on this phone. I realize it is not as sleek as most of the droid phones, but that's where the complaints should stop. If you're stuck between a Hero and a Moment like I was, make sure to check the reviews on Sprint's own website. You will find that a lot of people have switched to the Moment after using the Hero for a few months. $79.99 is a steal!

We ordered 2 samsung moments and the sprint plan through amazon. The phones are great, we love them. We also love our sprint service. However, because amazon set up the phones, we started being charged when the phones shipped, but we didn't recieve them until a week later. Also, when we took the phones to the store to switch our numbers we were told since amazon set the account up and activated the phones, they set it up differently and now the store can't change the type of account to give me my employer discount. That's almost $20 a month I could be saving.But we did get an excellent deal on the phones and we are happy with them, and switching to sprint. However I don't think I'd go through amazon againg to buy a plan and phones b/c of the hassle.

Where I live the Sprint coverage is spotty at best. This really drained the battery on this phone quickly. Not using the phone at all the battery lasted four hours! When I used the phone and played with some apps, the battery lasted only 1hr and 45 mins. the features on this phone do not compare to the Mototola Droid. The screen is a lower resolution and size. The google voice search capability is absent and the Sprint Navigation is retarded. It calls a number to obtain directions which when you have poor coverage drops the call. As much as I dislike Verizon's pricing model, I have to admit that in my area you get a ton more with a VZW Droid.

So I have several phones that I have been able to acquire over time with the latest being the Samsung Moment.  I wanted to check it out since many people including the reviews here give it rave reviews.  Coming from a Palm Pre, I had little expectations as the webOS is a winner hands down.The first thing I notice is how unintuitive the interface is.  Notifications show up as icons on the top of the screen which is OK, but coming from a Palm Pre, it leaves a lot to be desired.  To get to the notifications, you have to click on MENU, Notifications, then you can get to what you were looking for.  On the Palm Pre, it shows up as a bubble on the bottom of the screen with some if not all the info in it so I can read it completely right there or tap it and read the entire message.Multitasking and battery life are horrible on this phone.  Applications remain open after you navigate away from them which in turn drains your battery.  There is no built in to the OS way to close the applications so you have to download a task manager for free and train yourself to go into it constantly to close out applications to save battery life.  Who in their right mind wants to do this?  With my Palm Pre, I flip my finger up and the application is closed.  Simple.Graphics, maybe its just me but the graphics on the Pre seem sharper, richer, and vibrant than on the Moment.App Store is nice with a bunch of useful and fun applications.All in all, I went back to my Pre.  It's very intuitive and the OS is beautiful and simple.  Android has a long way to go at least from the version 1.5 that Moment has to be considered a winner.  I guess if you have never experienced a Pre or a Pixi then this phone would be considered nice.

Don't waste your money!!  I got this phone about 3 months ago when my blackberry quit working.  I thought "hey cool I can have a phone with that new droid operating system!"  Boy was I taken.  In all fairness when the apps work they're really cool.  However, quite often I get the "program isn't working" pop up and have to hit the force close option.  I miss a lot of calls due to the phone not even ringing.  All of a sudden I'll just have a new voicemail.  As for battery life, well just forget it.  I'm not a person that is talking on the phone 20 hours out of the day or sending 500 texts a day but i still can't even make it thru a shift at work without having to plug it in on the way home and then charge it some more once i get home.  I've had it phantom dial someone when i set it down on the desk and I have no idea why it did that.  The idea of this phone is really cool.  I liked the thought of everything on it.  But since I've had it, I've had nothing but problems out of it and from what I've read, I'm not the only person experiencing the same things.  All in all, there are a lot better phones out there.  As for me, I'm gonna go get another blackberry.

This phone rocks.  My wife and I love them; however, hers had a glitch that our customer service person from Amazon recommended we return as we were in the first 30 days of the purchase.  The new phone arrived the day after next and the folks at our local Sprint store transferred all her data.  We returned the other phone and, voila!  Done and no charges incurred.  I'll admit I was a bit anxious about purchasing something like this through Amazon, but their role in selling this Samsung phone on a Sprint contract was exceptional.  The phone is awesome:  the screen resolution, camera, Sprint TV, navigation, golf course navvie, NASCAR pit crew/driver communications....incredible.  Would recommend one to anyone who wants to stay in touch with everything while on the go.  There are no compromises with this Samsung Moment, the Sprint service, or with Amazon's exceptional customer service.

I had a HERO for a month and the MOMENT is far SUPERIOR than the HERO. I have had the MOMENT for over two months and LOVE IT!!!!! Much faster processor than the old school hero, much better AMOLED screen, a physical keyboard that is always a nice option to have, and a flash for the camera yes that's right the hero doesn't even have a flash for those special night shots. You also don't have to worry about the dust getting under the screen like most of the hero users are complaining about lol.  So do your self a favor and get the MOMENT. The battery life on both are the same. Go to the market and download a task manager for free and it will improve drastically until they come out with an updated 2.1 operating system. This phone is GREAT :-)

The preloaded applications take up a lot of space and they can not be uninstalled.The phone is also heavier than I would like.

See Update at the EndPros:1. Web browser2. GPS3. Google Maps4. Some useful (and free) downloads5. Loud ringtones6. OS very nice eye candy7. Very responsive touch screenCons:1. Battery life is only average2. no Adobe Flash support (maybe in future update though)I love this phone. Ring tones are loud. Android market has thousands of programs, many of which are actually useful and most are FREE! The screen when combined with a nice background image offers very nice eye candy. The screen is the sharpest I have ever seen. The deal maker for me though was the web browser. I tried several models at 3 different Sprint stores. The web browser on the Moment was the easiest to navigate, fast, and very responsive. Wi-Fi is a plus. Using Wi-Fi at home I have been able to test my download speed at 2-3mbps. Not too shabby. Transferring files to and from this phone is a piece of cake. GPS and Google Maps work flawlessly at finding me. The GPS and Maps on my Moment work outdoors only. I can't pick up a satellite signal inside my condo. Of all the MP3 capable phones I've had over the years, the Moment sounds the best by far. Camera is o.k. I downloaded a voice recording app, so now my phone has voice recording capability. I can just go on and on about all the useful features of this phone. It truly is a gem of a phone and well worth every penny you pay for it. Oh yes, it gets even better as Android 2.1 will be coming to the Moment soon!UPDATED January 26, 2009Just had a free software update performed on my phone.  My GPS and Google Maps now work indoors.  Seems a little bit peppier too.  Battery meter must have had an issue as now after extensive use, battery probably lasts as long as any other phone I've owned.  Those of you who have battery drain issues must get this update.  Just take it to a Sprint repair shop and they will install the update for free.  It is called CL14 update.  They will even backup your contacts.  To back up your bookmarks you can use a free program such as BookMark Backup & Restore.  The slide out keyboard was also fixed.  Now there is Zero lag when typing on the keyboard.  There were others issues that this update fixed.  I already thought the phone was spectacular.  Now it's amazingly spectacular!  I am so happy I chose this over the Hero, Blackberry's and the others I checked out.

I must say I have been a customer of Sprints for over 15 years and I have never had to write a review about one of there products but this has to be said! The Samsung Moment is the worst phone I have ever owned! It is very slow, locks up, loses calls, gps has not worked in weeks, it alawys updating the apps. When I contact sprint they tell me to take the battery out of it and that will work! Well nope it didn't help at all. This is the worst phone I have ever owned. I have told everyone that will listen NOT to buy this phone.

I was so excited to purchase this phone.I have had this phone for 11 months now and cannot wait til may 1st to be able to say goodbye to this phone. Within months, it started to lag really bad. Recieving texts to the phone are when it wants to recieve them. sometimes it is 10 to 12 hours before I get them. Constantly having to remove battery and do hard resets on the phone. all of these phone providers need to really do something for their customers who purchase these faulty phones especially when they know they are faulty. I will never purchase a samsung product ever again.

Form Factor: thick, heavy, dense feeling, giving it a high quality look and feel. Mostly plastic, it's built of high quality shiny and soft touch rubbery matte plastic as well. Full QWERTY makes the phone thicker than most, but having both is like having your cake and eating it, too. Is it the most beatiful cell phone in America? Probably not. Is is one of the best built and most solid high quality feeling phones you can pretty much count on to stick around for your 2 year contract? Absolutely. When it comes to cellphones, Samsung, Nokia, LG, and HTC are, hands down, the best there is at what they do: make solid long lasting phones.Touch screen: brilliant AMOLED screen displays brilliant colors, doesn't need much battery life, and just produces eye popping visuals. Many reviews are constantly talking up how amazing the screen is on the new Moto Droid on VZW, but this screen is as good with color and touch response as the Droid's and iPhone's, if not better. The touch sensitive home, back, and menu keys could be more sensitive, but with the nature of Android, that could be addressed.QWERTY: one of the best out there. Reviewers on line complain about its "odd button locations," but listen to them carefully, and then listen to their other reviews on other fully QWERTY keyboard having cell phones... they'll say the exact same thing about them. That's because they got it in the mail that day from the carrier for a quick review, they've got a day or two to spend with it, and then they have to ship it back so it can go to another reviewer. And most video reviews are like 10 minutes long tops, so NO REVIEWER would really ever get to spend time using the keyboard long enough to get a feel for any full QWERTY, let alone the Moment's. Its keys are spaced a little differently than a lot of other ones, but if you'll be owning the phone, or any other full QWERTY keyboarded phone, you'll get the hang of it. The keys, to me, while different, are pretty logically spaced. Also, you'll have full access to a full virtual QWERTY both in landscape and in portrait modes, as the phone has an accelerometer, which means that even with the keyboard closed, you'll be able to flip the phone on its side in landscape and type on the screen instead. Very, very, very convient for having to type out a long email or fill in lots of fields if you're filling out a form on line or something.PROCESSOR: it's faster than an iPhone 3GS in my opinion, which is, one of the fastest responding cellphones ever available in America. If you've had any other Android phone running on the classic Android phone having 528MHz processors in the Hero, G1 (Dream), MyTouch 3G (Magic), Droid Eris (pretty much just a different bodied CDMA Hero for VZW), you'll notice a significant difference when it comes to response time, web page rendering, texting, screen response, app downloads, up loads... you name it. It's really fast, like crazy fast.OS: great! Android is easy to use, very logically programmed, and very powerful with its open source platform. Eventually it will be the #1 smartphone OS. Although it doesn't have as many apps as iPhone, it didn't have the luxury of coming out almost 2 & 1/2 years ago, either. Plus, being open sourced, the apps available actually do things, and can be run at the same time. For instance, you can be streaming a song in Pandora while surfing the web; all of a sudden, your IM app, which is running in the background alerts you, you switch to it without losing your space on line on the webpage to respond; suddenly a song you've never heard of comes on in Pandora; you can immediately switch to Shazaam or Midomi and identify it, get info on it, and download it within seconds. Although all that is possible on an iPhone, as well as other phones already on the market, the way the Android OS handles it can't be matched. On the iPhone you'd never be able to Shazaam or Midomi any track streaming from Pandora or your iTunes playlists. While IM apps on iPhone can now just recently alert you, you have to close whatever you're doing if you're in another app to answer, close the IM app after responding, and re-open whatever you're doing before you got the IM, all while not being able to stream any music streaming app because it can't be open while using any other app. That gets old, and while the iPhone is the most popular phone in the world, people who have it either have another real smartphone with multitasking capabilities, or don't know what a real smartphone is and should do. Period.Battery life: average.Bottom Line: Sprint/Nextel has the most dependable 3G EV-DO network in the country. Speeds are awesome and you're rarely gonna drop a call within the network. Getting the Simply Everything plan for $99.99 a month is a steal; you can do everything the phone can do unlimited, and know that at the end of the month when you get your bill, you'll only pay $100 plus taxes and other fees.

This phone does what it was supposed to do for the most part.  I recently have started to have issues with the phone freezing up in the middle of checking text messages, email, weather bug, or really any application that I am trying to use.  The back battery cover doesn't stay on very well, in fact it has a tendency to come of after I just place the phone on the counter.  I find myself having to wait a while in order for an app to open up, sometimes as long as five minutes,  By that time, the phone wants to force close, or I have lost interest in using that app at that time.  I should have gone with a phone that had some better reviews, but now I have to wait for my upgrade!

I am patiently waiting until my time has elapsed to change to an evo.Hopefully this will be better.  I hate this phone.I was told by the sprint phone sales person that I should use a blue tooth with itsince when I use it like a regular cell phone it does bad things.How would you like to to be told that these issues are your problem:1.  while talking to someone it puts them on hold and calls random other people in my contact list2.  it downloads new icons that you don't want3.  it plays music from your list that you don't want on then.4.  it goes into speaker phone when you don't want to have it do that, causing the other person to saythey cant hear you as well5.  it goes into voice command on its ownAll the above is very embarrassing when you are trying to take an important phone call.So,  if you can't hold or touch your phone when you make a call..... ICK!!!I also had some trouble deleting my e-mail trash but that has improved, after the third operating systemwas put on.Glad I still have my land line.

My wife and I waited quite a while to purchase a "smart" phone. Our last phones were basic Net-10 cell phones; just enough to keep in contact with one another. When finally deciding to take the "plunge," I did a considerable amount of homework. After polling most co-workers and conducting extensive online study, I came to the conclusion that the Moment was a good bet for a first-time Android user(s). It got great reviews (overall) and since it was already a year old the price point was unbeatable (.01 here on Amazon).Sprint was my choice of carriers. This decision was based on several factors: 1. The coverage in my location was good based upon the usage I witnessed on other phones that utilized Sprint service. 2. Sprint's "Everything Data" plan beat AT&T;'s multiple choice data plan that could cost one extra should you go "over the limit" and Sprint beat the pants off of Verizon. Our plan is the "Everything Data 1500. Our landline usage is minimal and the 750 minutes (each) is more than enough. Sprint also goes the "extra mile" in offering unlimited mobile-to-mobile service, regardless which carrier's phone you call. Data, text is of course...unlimited, nice for we both utilize the net often and are becomming avid texers. And the final reason I went with Sprint was their attentive staff (at store locations). I know it sounds trivial, but after visiting both ATT and Verizon stores (I did not make it to T-Mobile) I found Sprint stores and their employees more professional, their stock up-to-date and their willingnes to answer my questions a refreshing change. I also liked their uniforms.The Moment...Despite my realitive inexperience with Android operating phones, I can safely say that this phone is very good for the entry-level smart phone user. Great call quality, I can hear the guy on the other end and he I. The screen looks fantastic and I've received many compliments from iPhone users; all admiring the colorful, bright and crisp screen.Texting is easy on the pull-out keyboard. Of course, if you are more inclined, there is a virtual keyboard available on either the portrait or landscape mode. I find the "real" keyboard easier because the text on the screen is somewhat small for my fingers.The Android Market is really fun. More than anything it offers me unlimited entertainment. There are useful apps available; Bar-Code Reader, Compass, Music Downloader and so on. But mostly it's a lot of silly games and things of that nature. Many apps are free and there are a lot that require a charge (usually modest- 99 cents to 4 or 5 bucks) but it makes the experience more entertaining. There is always something to "do." at the App Store. Great time killer.The Moment comes (I believe) with Android 1.6 and there is an update that takes the user to 2.1, so you are right up there with the Evo and Epic users. I'm fairly certain that this will probably be the last update for the Moment, seeing as it's aging (if you will). But that's ok. Android 2.1 is more than I'll ever need. This phone comes out of the box with Sprint Navigation which I find very useful, Sprint TV (it's just ok, try downloading TV.com from the App Store-it'll give you access to free full-length tv episodes), Sprint NFL and Nascar.The price is a considerable factor, again, I paid only one-cent when purchasing it here on Amazon. Of course, there is a 2 year contract with Sprint and our monthly bill is a stock 129.99 plus taxes, insurance (optional). Sprint even offers new customers a 30 day no risk trial. Just keep the phones in like-new condition and if you don't like 'em, you can consider another model, you can even cancel the service all together. How may other services do this?No, I don't work for Sprint. I am in no way affiliated with them, I just think it's an all-around good deal. You try them and be the judge. Good hunting!

I am forced to keep this phone connected to a charger all day long. I have turned off every standard battery sucking app or feature (no GPS, No background data sync, no email download, no Bluetooth, dimmed display, no other apps) and I've bought a new battery and the phone still gives me a low battery warning after thirty minutes of talk time.By comparison, my sons have Motorola backflips and when they are heavily texting and watching YouTube videos, they can get a solid 6-7 hours before their phones give out.Next time around, it's Motorola for me.

Upon getting this phone, I noticed that Sprint, in all of it's wisdom, included NFL, Nascar, and various other crapware with this phone that hogs the memory, wastes the battery, and reduces the performance (in addition to being impossible to uninstall without rooting). As soon as you get this phone, you should both upgrade your phone to Android 2.2, and root the phone. This will void your warranty, so don't try it if you don't think you can do it.Another note on memory is that Android OS is pretty good at freeing up memory when needed, meaning that task killer applications are generally useless, I do think that rooting is still a good idea for this handset since the battery life will be significantly improved after rooting and installing a clean rom.The hardware of the phone is very capable however, with an 800mhz processor, and a keyboard. Using the touchscreen keyboard is always a pain.My handset is running noobnl's Radioactive Eclair V1.5.6, and it is a vast improvement over the stock Sprint Android Cupcake rom. To install this rom, you will first have to upgrade to Android 2.2 (via software found on Sprint's website), and root the phone (Google is a good friend).Also, I have bought several accessories from Amazon (screen protectors and a clear plastic case), and they are great. I would recommend this phone.

I got this phone a year ago and from that moment on I've been counting down until I had enough of that credit Sprint gives you to get a new phone. I hate this phone. The week I got it I started seeing glitches that I'd hoped downloadable updates would fix but they didn't. It freezes up all the time so that the phone will be ringing and you can't answer it and 60% of the time when you try to make a call it freezes up for a very long time. Almost every time you press a button on the screen or the keypad there is a delay, sometimes only a few seconds and sometimes so long that it is faster to just pop out the battery and restart the phone. It also takes FOREVER for the phone to turn on and sometimes it shuts off completely at random. All of these are extremely frustrating in everyday situations let alone in emergencies. Everything about the trying to adjust the settings seems overly complicated. I really hate this phone.

I bought one for me and one for my wife and immediately upgraded them to android 2.1. With 2.1 they are awesome. My wife can't put it down. I have Pandora, Google Sky maps, compass and a few other gps programs downloaded on mine and it works great. I ran Pandora (streaming internet music) as I browsed facebook and texted my wife with no lag or skipping in the music. The battery life is as expected, I had a Blackberry before this so I am used to having to keep a watchful eye on battery life. I am satisfied with it as Smart phones eat battery life and it is better than my Blackberry. I ran pandora for over an hour while driving and then perused the android market, facebook and online newspapers for a few hours and finally then had to charge it. FYI there is a way to tether it. I really wanted the HTC EVO and had been waiting for a few months for it to be released but Sprint added a $10 a month special charge to the EVO which turned me off. Amazon dropped the price of the Samsung moment and I am glad they did. I really enjoy this phone and I am glad I didn't spend all the money on the EVO.You can send pictures in texts and save them easily from texts. Take a picture or Video and upload it to Facebook etc. I added a widget to the home screen to one touch text my wife (makes it easier). The Key board is appreciated, and the "optical track ball" is a nice feature as well. Sprint Navigator works fine for me as well as the google maps - both show my location just fine. All in all a great deal at what I paid for it.

As many of you know the Android OS is an excellent alternative OS to that of the iPhone. Android has a host of applications, and works on multiple hardware platforms. The Samsung Moment is one such hardware platform, and on this phone this OS works near flawlessly, and I have an excellent phone.I use my phone for many tasks - not just to talk. I'm constantly checking my gmail, eBay auctions, and reading the news, and this phone has been tremendously useful and exceptionally reliable for this task. Windows and programs quickly open and shut down. I rarely have any software malfunctions.  I have owned the Samsung Instinct before, and this phone seems to be more reliable and speedier. The phone reception is clear, and I always have good signal. 3g wireless speeds are commendable, but definitely not broadband. The phone is pretty comfortable in your hand, but it's definitely thicker than a blackberry.Since this phone has the Google Android OS, my contacts and phone calls immediately sync with my Google contacts. This makes for a streamlined Google experience. Also, Google Voice integrates exceedingly well with the native Android platform, making this a great phone if you're looking to use this software to make and receive phone calls.Finally, the camera is a 3.2 megapixel unit. This is nice, and takes good eBay pictures when I'm working in the field, and it also takes reasonably high quality pictures of the family.All in all, this is a decent phone for the price. And if you don't want to go "Apple," and you rely on Google or Gmail's services, this is your phone!

This is the best phone I've ever owned. I don't see why anyone would rate it bad on anything. People said it lagged, when I got my phone it never lagged. People said the battery didn't last long, I use the freak out of the phone and it stays charged longer than I wish it would. It is still charged after being on for the whole day.Android OS is really awesome. It was really easy to get used to. The android market has a ton of apps and games. I suspect it will only get better as more people move from the iPhone to Android phones.The keyboard is really nice and easy to use. It is the first phone I've had that has a full QWERTY keyboard and I had no problems typing swiftly and accurately.$80.00 for this phone on Amazon.com is the best deal ever. I still feel like there was some catch I didn't see. I know there isn't but it really is too good to be true.I usually don't write reviews for products but I had to let people know that they will not be disappointed with this phone.

I've had my Samsung Moment for about 10 months now, and it has been the worst phone I've ever owned. With all of the features on the phone, one would think they would have given it a battery that would last more than 15 minutes. The phone is only usable when plugged into a charger. Take one picture and watch your fully charged battery go instantly into the red. Same thing after 3 or 4 texts. It's kind of having a Ferrari powered by a Briggs and Stratton lawn mower engine... what's the point?Don't let the features fool you into buying this phone. The battery life will cut short anything you're planning on doing with it.

I was excited to get a phone that runs android, which is awesome.  However, this phone lacks the power to run the system.  The phone is frustratingly slow and almost unusable if you are trying to use a couple large apps like running bluetooth and pandora at the same time.I have had to take the phone in to the Sprint store 3x since I got it.  It is too bad they keep giving me a replacement.  All the Moments that I have gotten have the same issues, then poop out.Can't wait to get a different android phone.

The deal seems real good until you get the bill. Just like anything wireless you get the eukal fees and then the bill somehow is way more than originally marketed.

This phone is superior to the IPhone 3GS in my humble opinion.  I have had it for about a week now and I really love it.  The camera is about the same as the Iphone but the Moment has a flash available.  I do not know what they were thinking when they came out with the IPhone and no flash. Heck, if necessary raise the price on the 3GS by $20.00 but do not leave me without a camera in a darken bar area where many good-time pictures can be recorded.This phone works seemlessly and the only concern I have notice so far is battery life.  Since I charge it each night at bedtime, and when traveling on long trips with the mobile charger, I never run out of juice.  However, for about 7-8 bucks I got a secondary battery on Ebay and I keep it charged just in case I need emergency juice.  I look forward to downloading the new Firmware version 2.0 once they perfect it. This is really a well engineered and dependable phone.

I agree that this phone does a lot of things, is fast, has great keyboard, good feel to it and I love that about this phone.There is however one major issue with the phone. It switches its radio off at random or switches to Airplane mode (basically the same thing). You will not know this has happened if you do not pay detailed attention to the radio icon on the screen and hence all your callers will go to voice mail and all your text messages and emails are not sent.The only remedy is to turn the phone off and back on again.I had to replace mine 3 times and all 3 phones have this issue. For me this is a major problem. The latest c14 firmware update does NOT solve this issue (but does address battery issue). So I think I am going to return this phone and get a HTC Hero instead. I have to be able to depend on the phone part of the device.Some other minor issues:Charging connector is on the side of the phone. This is very annoying when I need to talk while the phone is being charged. Come on Samsung does it occur to anyone that having the charging connector at the bottom of the phone is much more comfortable.Dialer sucks. It is one of the worst dialer applications. Can not use the dial pad to type contact names. It takes 6 clicks to call someone in your contact list.The stock headset is built VERY cheaply. Nothing like the phone itself.

I snatched this phone up pretty early, against my better judgement. I like how it feels in my hand, and apps run smoothly and quickly. Internet is pretty fast as well. The screen is nice and bright, and responds well to touch input. Physically the phone is well built,especially the keyborad (dont let the people who are complaining about the placing of the space bar scare you, the keyboard is great and you get used the keys quickly) but there are some MAJOR problems.-First and foremost of my gripes is the crappy GPS. I cannot use my 180$ cell phone to acces Sprint Nav or Google maps unless I am outside. Not in the car, not next to a window, I must be outside. This is because Samsung, unlike HTC with the Hero, did not take the time to work around the fact that Android does not support CMDA AGPS. So most of the time my phone thinks I am in some far off place, like Brazil, or Spain. This is incredibly frustrating since I use Google maps A LOT, or used to. This is supposedly going to be fixed by the Android 2.1 update, but a)who knows if it is true b)when that update is going to happen. This is a known issue with the Moment, not a problem with my unit.-The battery, yeah I dont expect to go for days on one charge, thats not my issue. My issue is that randomly my battery will insist I only have 5% or 15% left, even if I have charged the phone for hours. The phone will stay on all day, but keep nagging me to charge it, and the screen will dim to conserve power. This is a known issue with this phone, also supposedly will be fixed with the Android update.-The voice command key takes about 30 seconds to actually prompt me to say something, and then is slow to respond to commands. However, when it does it is pretty accurate.-The camera SUCKS! the colors are always off, the autofocus is slow, and takes FOREVER for the camera to actually start once you have pushed the button.-Speaker phone is nice and loud, but no one can hear me because the mic sucks.I have owned this phone for about three months, I had to take the first one back because if i tried to turn on the camera it froze the phone. I have had a lot of time to use it and make my decisions. I would not buy this phone again. The apps are great, and generally work well, the internet is good, the phone is pretty solid. But the lack of attention to some details in very important features in this type of phone makes me feel like this thing was thrown together and pushed out the door. If i could go back I would buy the Hero.

This won't be long or involved!I don't actually own this phone and I only used it for about a week but that week was great!I had my phone stolen and borrowed this from my friend. It is VERY resistant to scratches and such from dropping or abuse. I like the settings and controls and even the keyboard! (I'm not a fan of the long QWERTY) It's a really nice phone. Of course other phones keep coming out that are bigger and better but if you own this one; stick with it!

never buy this phone it has given me so many problems it starts calling people and i swear i think google leaked my number because now i have telemarketers and texts from contest that i never signed up for calling and texting me plus i now cant call with it so i ordered a new phone and no not this piece of junk i strongly recomend you dont buy this.

I like the slide-out keyboard very much and the fact that it runs Android, but it is SO SLOW that it is painful to use.  My wife has an HTC Evo 4G and it runs Android a *lot* better.  I'll be giving HTC Shift a try when my current contract is up.

This phone is like 40 bucks cheaper than the Epic 4G. If your in the market for a new phone, don't get this one! The Samsung Epic 4G is EVERYTHING this phone is not... This phone is no longer supported by sprint. When you call about it, they are like, "What's a Moment?" It's the phone they forgot they released. I have it and I like it a lot. But I envy the epic 4g and I am getting it income tax time.this is a good phone! I really like it. I don't use the custom stock rom because this guy "noobnl" makes rooted awesome, crap free roms that support free wifi tether. If you google noobnl, click the first link that shows up. The battery lasts WAY longer if you use a custom rom. I have tried MANY different roms, and noobnl's rom seems to be the best! There are constantly updates and my Samsung Moment works way better, boots up faster, has built in wifi tether with the rom, and it's pre rooted. So if you have this phone, google noobnl and follow the directions and your phone will be much faster and work much better.If your looking to buy a new android phone for sprint, the Samsung Epic 4G kicks this phone in the you know what, over and over again.

I have had this phone for 5 months the first one did not work right so they gave me a new one. It would go into airplane mode and I would have to take the battery out to get it to work again the same with it freezing up all the time. I can't call or receive calls inside of buildings and a lot of times from my car. There is no speed dial it takes several steps to get to the phone number you want. If you ever have an emergency or need to call 911 may God be with you because you will be at his mercy! That is how bad this phone works. You DO NOT want this as your only phone you need a land line.  With the old software I could receive internet service most of the time with the new update very seldom. The gps doesn't work right sends you way out of the way or wrong directions. That is if you can get it to come up.It makes phone calls on its own I guess that's why it's called a smart phone! When I am able to talk on the phone my cheek touches the mute button so we think we've lost connection. If and when you can get a connection to the internet it take minimum of 1 min. The speaker phone is very low and the speaker is in the back of the phone when I use the speaker other people can't make out what I'm saying.With the touch screen key board you get the wrong key and have to delete, (very time consuming). The battery life sometimes I can talk 15 min. up to 1 hr. on a fully charged battery, makes no sense. Battery life with internet who knows since it very seldom works with the upgrade. When the battery is to go dead no warning just shuts down. The camera is very slow to load so if you want a picture of anything other than still life forget it, it will be long gone by the time the camera gets loaded. I would rate this phone 0 stars if I could. I have had sprint service for over 10 years and have lived at the same house before I bought this samsung moment M900 I used to have a 8 year old analog phone with limited internet it had good service most of the time. I upgraded because sprint told me everything was digital so if I wanted better service to go digital well it sucks. I am hoping that they will give me a new phone that works here  at their expense or an antenna for the house so it will work. I am paying for services that I am not able to get.  They told me the phone was not working because it needed to be updated with the software, it still does not work it's worse.Before the phone was updated when it did work it did have a lot of useful and neat things on it. This phone takes way to much time to get anything to work on it and is very frustrating.Save your money, time and frustration and get something else.

This phone is everything you could want and more. The only draw is the battery life but once the newness of the phone dies down and you're not on it all day it seems to be fine. I also carry the usb cord with me and if it is dying I just plug it into a computer for a few minutes and it's good to go. The features are amazing. GPS works better than my actual gps. I use mine to listen to music all the time and the battery seems to last quite long as long as the screen is turned off. A bigger memory card is a must though. 2GB is not enough but 8 was just right to put my better music on. Would definitely recommend getting a screen protector and case. The case makes the phone look better anyway. The design is not the most attractive that I've seen. Amazon service was amazing, I upgraded to free 2 day and it actually came in 1.

Just a quick warning to anyone that uses a streaming music service (Pandora, Rhapsody, Slacker, etc.)  The Samsung Moment seems to have an issue that makes these services sound like a cheap AM radio (no bass, washed out highs, etc.).  I've tried them all (yes I turned on HQ mode) and Last.fm is the only one that is listenable on the Samsung Moment.  If you use any of these services, I would highly recommend that you try the phone out in person with a decent pair of headphones before purchasing to make sure your favorite music streaming service is acceptable to your ears.

Overall, this phone worked good... for about 3 months at a time.I went through 3 of them and on the one I am currently getting replaced they sent me an Intercept, which is actually in my opinion is a downgrade from the moment.  Currently, I am working on getting a transform as a replacement which to me is the most similar phone to the moment without all the bugs of the moment.In my personal opinion, avoid this phone simply because of the bugs and network errors you will surely get from texting and internet browsing.Heres what happened to all the moments I had just FYI.1st.  The phone would shut off when I would open the keyboard and I would have to restart the phone.2nd. Network Error.3rd Network Error code 74th phone: Intercept is just a downgrade so I am unhappy with it.The phone would have been awesome had it just not been a headache having to replace all the time.The End.

What good is a hardware keyboard if you can't hit the space key?  Had this phone for a week.  I can't believe how hard it is to hit the space key.  You have to hit it just right to get it to register.  Now I tend to go after it with two fingers so that one will work.  Really samsung, what are you thinking?  Hardware keyboard is suppose to make it easy to type, not a frustration in hitting a common key.Pros:* Tons of cool apps.  Flashlight works way cool* Stay connected all the time* Screen widgets are fun, like analog clock* Browsing the web is 10x faster than sidekick.* Generally fun exploring the possibilities* With google latitude I can see where my friends and family are!Cons:* Battery life not so good.  I installed a bunch of apps.  If I uninstall them then it lasts all day* space key* Preinstalled crap apps you can't uninstall easily.  sdx-developers web site has a way but couldn't get my usb connection to work.* App market hides the good free apps.  Do you want a free battery widget?  Search for battery and they show you the pay stuff first.  The high rated free stuff you have to scroll forever to get to.Update:If you go to the sdx forums and install one of their custom roms then battery life becomes excellent.

The battery life to me seems to be horrible. Using the internet and stuff. Do I have a faulty battery and have to by another battery, or is this it? Nice cell phone otherwise. Anyone else notice this? I had to buy and charger for my work and car, besides my home..

I bought this for my mother to replace a Blackberry which she HATED. Where the Blackberry had everything buried in sub-menu after sub-menu, the Moment and its Android OS leaves most options in easy to locate places. The slide out keyboard is an exceptional feature which feels much easier for texting than a touchscreen keyboard.That all said, there are some downsides to the phone. First off, the Sprint apps that come pre-loaded such as ESPN cannot be removed. The Sprint forums claim this is an error and that after an update they can be deleted but I am always leery of promises about the brightness of the future made by mobile phone companies. In the same vein, the Moment is running Android 1.5 right now. There have been announcements about a future upgrade but nothing has materialized yet that I am aware of.So, it's a great phone. It works exceptionally well, but it isn't the most cutting edge of Android offerings. The Slide-out keyboard sold me and my Mother loves it so I'm happy.UPDATE 3/1/2010: Still a great phone. According to the fan site Android and Me all Android mobile phones in the United States will see an upgrade to 2.1. Sprint is indeed offering a patch, which I will have to go to a repair center to implement, targeted at more efficient battery life and possibly removal of those pesky 'bugged' bloatware apps which came pre-installed.UPDATE 6/11/2010: Android 2.1 is now available on the Samsung Moment. The OS update produces a tangible increase in battery life as well as a prettier and more capable interface. (The patch Sprint implemented also helped battery life) The only complaint I continue to carry is that the Sprint Apps cannot be deleted from the phone. They can be turned off using a process killing App however.This phone's been a great buy in the end and my mother is extremely happy with it. I might even get one for myself.

Samsung failed with this one. I have struggled with this phone for two years now.  Most of the time I can not use the phone, it constantly has problems making or receiving calls.

My wife and I had been with US Cellular for about 9 years.  We both felt like smart phones were to the point of being very useful but US Cellular has crappy smart phones.  A co worker got the Droid though Verizon and I liked it.  I decided I wanted some Android based phone.  Verizon's service plans were going to cost over $40 more a month (with a discount no less) as compared to Sprint.  I like the Droid, but not $40 more a month worth (works out to $1000 over the 2 year contact with taxes figured in).So, HTC Hero or Samsung Moment.  For my wife, she liked the option of the slide out keyboard.  I liked the fact it has a faster possessor than the Hero.  We are still figuring out all the details of the phones, but so far are very pleased with them.  The quality of making a phone call is very good, easy to hear the person on the other end.Some people have whined that the phone "looks dated" or "too plain looking", each to his own.  Personally, I don't care, chrome plating doesn't make your car go faster, or a phone work better.  I have big hands, wife has small hands and we find the phone easy to hold and use, so for us, the body design of the phone is very good.The slide out keyboard on the Moment is way better than the Droid.  The issue with the Droid is the keys are jammed together and are all flat.  The Moment's keyboard is spaced apart just a little and the keys are convex every so slightly for an improved feel.  Between the Droid and Moment, the touch screen keyboards are the same to me, both work just as good (or bad).The phone has a good heft to is, it doesn't feel cheap or like it is about to snap in half when you slide out the keyboard.  One review video I saw on the Moment mentioned that the touch screen took too much finger pressure to respond.  As compared to what?  A very light touch won't cause anything to happen, but I don't feel like I'm having to press hard on the screen to get a response.  The touch screen works very good IMHO, I really like it.Battery life... compared to our old phones, LG UX830 (also called the Glimmer), the battery life on the Moment is pretty bad.  However, it seems battery life improves with a couple of charges, and I also keep the wifi off and have the screen brightness all the way down.  I've seen an improvement mostly with the screen brightness being turned down, and it is still pretty bright.  I am now in the habit of plugging the phone up at the night stand when I go to bed.  With my usage so far, 1 day still has over 50%.  Shorter battery life is a trade off I'm willing to deal with for the benefits of having the phone.The camera sucks.  My Canon camera makes crappy phone calls.  The fact the Moment has a camera is nice, but EVERY cell phone camera sucks.  If you want good photos, get a Canon camera.  Having said that, the camera is good enough to snap photos for quick reference purposes.  The real usefulness of the built in camera is for reading bar codes then being able to compare prices for said product on the spot.  Video quality is..... again, it is a phone, NOT a camera.Wifi, I'm finding, is not as important as I thought.  With an unlimited data plan, what do I care how much I download over the Sprint network?  So I keep the wifi turned off now for improved battery life.  However, if I'm in an area without any cell phone coverage, wifi can become a very handy back plan, so always good to have.I've not used the Bluetooth for anything, so no comment on how good it might be and how quickly it will drain the battery.Also note that the phone is easy to root.  Why would you want to do this... because you can turn it into a MiFi spot for your laptop.  Nothing like having "free wifi" when sitting at the airport.  You already are paying for unlimited data, so make use of it.Bottom line, the phone itself is great in terms of hardware.  Of course, the real magic with this phone is Android.

I haven't had to use this phone in over a year and a half and I thank my lucky stars!! This is buy far the worst phone I've ever had...it caused me so much stress!! I can't tell you how many times I wanted to throw this phone cause it sucked so bad and wouldn't work! It would freeze up and not let me make any calls or texts...just get a black screen for 30 to 45 mins. Sometimes it would call random people when it was just sitting there! A factory reset would work for about 2 weeks then same ol bs! As soon as I was eligible to upgrade I ran to the Sprint store. This phone was horrible and made me never want another android ever again!

The Moment is an all around great phone.  It is highly customizable, loads apps quickly and runs them smoothly.  The touchscreen is very responsive even with a screenguard on it (I have used 2 types a cheaper one by Fellowes, and a more expensive one from Zagg).  Bonus is it has a 3.5mm headphone jack (standard size) so you don't have to buy an adapter.It may not be a perfect phone for some, I have read about battery indicator issues and other problems.  I haven't had any trouble with the indicator and my phone hasn't had troubles picking up a gps signal.  I haven't had any troubles where I've had to restart it (had it about 2 weeks).  Also, the camera isn't great- but it's very good for a phone.  I've taken several pictures in low light and had surprising results (even without flash).Web browsing is speedier than I had expected (3g or Wifi).  The speakerphone is pretty clear even when turned up, and the reception is very good even in my basement.  The onscreen keyboard is much better than I had expected as well, and I find myself using it quite a bit for short messages.  The pull out keyboard is better for long messages and I haven't had any troubles adjusting to it.  The contacts list is efficient and you can separate your favorite/most called contacts to a separate list as well.The only thing I wish I could change is when on a call the screen goes blank and you have to tap it twice to get back to the dialpad.  It's not a big deal but I wish I could change it to delay longer for times when I need to type in codes.Overall, I've had a very good experience with the phone and I haven't noticed any of the shortfalls.  Highly recommended.

I was upgrading my phone from a very basic, frill-less, cell phone that I had for four years (need easier texting and web access).  At first, I got the BlackBerry Curve but returned it 28 days later (thank goodness for the 30 day trial periods!). I hated it.  I then bought the Samsung Moment 900 android phone since I had read good things about it.  I LOVE THIS PHONE!It has the slide out qwerty keyboard which makes texting much easier.  You can also text using the touch-screen keypad, too (similar to the iphone).  Web access is a breeze!  (If you create a GMAIL account, it works flawlessly with this phone and automatically syncs with your google/gmail calendar.)Need to make a call?  Simply touch the "dial pad" icon on the touch-screen, and the phone displays a full dial pad -- no more teeny tiny buttons to search for like on the BlackBerry.Need to check messages?  Your messages are automatically delivered to your phone -- no longer need to call a message center to retrieve your messages.  Simply touch messages/voice mail, and the touch-screen displays a control pad for playing your messages (i.e. play, rewind, pause, speaker, save, delete, etc...) -- so easy!There are also a lot of free apps for this phone which come in handy when you get bored waiting around for other people.The only drawback is that it takes A LOT of battery -- this is typical, though, for android phones.  It is not enough, however, for me to take away a star because I love all the other functions and conveniences too much to let the battery life spoil my fun.  Just make sure to get both chargers (wall and car) and plan accordingly.  It's worth it.

I purchased 3 phones with three new lines of service on 9/12 through Amazon. I was told by a Amazon rep on 9/12 that I have 30 days to return the phones and replace it with a different phone if I do not like the phones. Today (9/26) I called Amazon as I want to return the Samsung Moment (the battery life is too short and the phone features are not suited for my lifestyle) and get a Blackberry Curve instead . I was told by a supervisor at Amazon's Cell phone department that I cannot get a different phone inspite of the fact that I am within the 30 day period. Not only that, when I wanted to speak to a manager, the supervisor started speaking very rudely and hung up on me!!! Shame on Amazon for providing such terrible customer service!!!!!

I've got three of these samsung moment phones.  False airplane mode is a major pain.  At least once a day I have to turn my phone off and back on to make a call.  Airplane mode prevents calls and it goes there on it's own and won't turn off, or says it's off but still wont make a call.  My first one and my daughters also would power down on their own and wouldn't turn back on until you removed the battery.  Android 2.1 is the highest this phone will ever see.  You're getting ripped off if you buy this phone for .01.  I paid $79 ea for three of these a year ago and still think paying .01 is too much.  I gave one star because the warranty is good, I got a brand new phone a week ago when mine quit again.  I would have given 5 stars if they'd replaced it w/ an epic.

I got the Moment via WireFly because they were offering pre-orders. They ended up shipping it early, so I had mine on the 30th, 2 days before the official release.I'm really loving this phone for a variety of reasons. The web browsing, e-mail, calling functions, etc. just blow my old Treo out of the water and it's even *slightly* smaller and lighter than my old Treo (755p). I love the big slide-out keyboard. The accelerometer functions are neat and I'm enjoying a couple of games that take advantage of them.The one problem I had was that when I hooked it up to the MacBook Pro via the included USB cable, it would start charging, but the two would not connect. I would get no USB connected indicator on the phone. I found, through the System Profiler app, that the Mac was seeing the phone, but the phone was not completing the handshake. I also found, through posts on my blog and a Sprint forum that people had connected it to Windows and Linux running in virtual machines on their Macs.  So it was something in the phone's Mac support.I hunted through every settings menu until I found Settings - Applications - Development. In it there's a "USB debugging" option. When I turned that on, the phone saw my Mac, let me mount the SD card, and I was able to transfer music and other files.There is some disappointment/consternation that it's now two generations of the Android OS behind the times with the Droid boasting 2.0 while the Moment only has 1.5. That said, upgrades are in the works, and if you look at the pricing of other carriers' smartphone voice + data plans vs. the Sprint Everything Data plan, you're going to save hundreds on your contract over the next two years.It's a good phone for geeks like me who are interested in having a strong, functional brick that feels solid in their hands and offers good performance.

If the phone didn't have data lockup issues nearly anytime I need to use it, it would be fine.  However, it does.  Do your homework, and get a different phone.  If I could rate 0 stars I would, and I'd rate Sprint and Samsung both 0 stars for not doing anything about it.  I will never buy another Samsung product ever.

After going from Moto Razr x4 to Samsung juke to Samsung behold, i FINALLY upgraded to my first smart phone. Without knowing the competition, I'm amazed with the capabilities of the Moment. Incredibly customizable, great selection of apps, fast internet, conversation texting, android OS, good camera/vids while stil getting sprint nav/tv and that is more than i expected from a phone. The bad reviews have truth to them... the battery life is not as high as i expected. a simple task manager app will allow you to end app usage you arent using (in turn saving your battery) i can get all day battery with mediocre usage, however with constant app running and internet while watching tv and on the phone?!!?!?! yeah, expect about 4-5. I also dont care for the fact that i cant uninstall pre-programmed apps that are pointless (sprint cup.com, instant messaging from msn or something, the weather channel, etc.) you CAN uninstall apps you download, of course. overall i give this phone 2 thumbs up and 4.5/5 stars. However, as my title states, NO phone can be legitimately perfect, and for 100 bucks in-store, this is on hell of a value. Happy Shopping.

This is a great phone.  All the online stuff you want with a great keyboard to make it easy to access.  Previously had a Samsung Instinct and this is a big improvement.  More applications which you can actually use plus it's much quicker and doesn't seem to get locked up, at least in the little time I've used it so far.  Good option if you use Sprint and need a phone with a little flair.

I purchase two of these phones in April and the first one I got would boot up and then reset the other worked ok. I called and they replaced it, and I mean as in I had the new one the next morning from Amazon. Had a few problems here and there. Didn't notice what it was till I started looking up the problems that I was, and still am, having. This phone has a built in defect and should be pulled from anywhere that is selling them!! This phone is in direct violation of the FCC's 911 law and also having a known defect and neither Samsung or Sprint are willing to fix/replace them.I have since filed a complaint against Sprint with the FCC, the BBB, and the Az Attorney General Consumer Dept.If I could rate this phone lower than a 1 star I would.Pros: Good screen, nice feel and weight.Cons: Battery and that fact that it doesn't do half of what it should most of the time...Amazon.com should pull this phone from it's website!!!

Ordered my phone the first Sunday of May...the next day the phone was $30.00 cheaper! Not cool. I got it 3 days later (picked 2-day shipping, free for Mother's Day promotion :)) I am very pleased with the phone...it's the first smart phone I've owned. So many apps to choose from in the Android Market. The only complaint I have with this phone is when using email, there is no feature to mark all read, so it keeps notifying me that I have new email when I don't. Another thing, anytime I tried to call Sprint to pay deposit, or any other questions I had, they kept asking me for a pin when I never set one up. They were convinced that I had set one up, so they sent me to Amazon customer service to retrieve it, then Amazon sent me back to Sprint. But I suppose it is for security purposes. Still annoying though.

We bought this phone for my younger son.  We have Epics which are noticeably a step up.  He is frustrated at some of the game apps because they don't run as well as they do on the Epics.  Having said that, it's not a gaming console and it's a great phone for next to $0, with 2yr contract.

I have used many smartphones, Palm Pre, Blackberry Tour 9630, HTC Hero, HTC Touch Pro, Samsung Instinct, Blackberry Curve 8330, and the Palm Treo 755p. Each phone is unique in each way, the samsung moment isn't for everyone, but it is a good phone. When I got the phone first I was greatly concerned about battery life, WIFI really uses alot of power, but if you are concerned about battery life get the other new Samsung Android phone which has REV O, which uses less power, and gives better battery life. The moment is for people who are tech savvy, and really have the time to understand and play around with their phone. It is not for people who want something that works out of the box, the Palm Pre / Pixi best suits those people. If you want something reliable, the blackberry is the best bet, but has less features. The reason I gave this phone a 4 was since Sprint will no longer support with it with future updates after 2.1, even though the hardware can handle it. The phone is well built, and can last two years, and if your into programming you can get the latest updates from the tech forums. This phone is actually better than the Motorola droid on Verizon, which gets more hype because Verizon can charge an arm and leg for their service.

The screen is on the Moment is amazing!  For a converged device, this is easily the best and most complete I've tried. (phone, web, GPS, camera, camcorder, TV, music (mp3 and radio), email including push w/ Moxier, etc)The breakdown:Phone: The clarity and volume for phone calls is everything I could ask for.  Actually, the volume can go a little too high for the speaker itself - it begins to break up before maximum volume.Battery: With the VERY fast processor(800Mhz!) and multiple applications running, the battery will not last a day.  With intensive Wifi, downloading or internet usage, count on less than the advertised 5 hours.  But once the initial awe of this device wears off, you won't be using it for 4+ solid hours.  And even if you are, with its micro USB port, it can charge at any computer as well as with traditional car and AC chargers.Keyboard: I've read a fair number of complaining reviews about the keyboard being awkward with the 'a' being to the right of the 'z' (3rd and 4th rows) and the space bar breaking up the 4th row as well.  Come on, it's a thumbboard! But with the dedicated number keys on the top row and the EXCELLENT spacing and response from the keys, it blows away every other phone I've tried and I have pretty big fingers.  The onscreen phone dialer and virtual keyboards work well, helped considerably by the screen being so big.Camera: It's 3.2MP - pretty nice resolution for cropping.  It is slow to snap and the flash on/off is somehow buried in the menus instead of available on screen, so it isn't a true convergence device here.  There are a bunch of apps for the camera from Android Market.Available apps & OS:  There are a mind blowing number of apps available!  Not as many as for the iPhone, yet... The Android Market is backed by Google and there's a LOT of money for the best new apps.  It won't be long!  I've also read some complaints that this OS version(1.5) was not customized by Samsung, nothing like HTC did for the Hero.  Personally, that's just the way I want it.  I actually was a little irritated that I couldn't uninstall the Bejeweled demo.  I'd much rather have a full speed, more stable, fully-customizable-to-MY-tastes platform.  It is now 2 updates old though (1.6 and now 2.0).  I haven't run into any issues with apps only being available for later versions (yet).Feel & UI: This phone is a excellent "hefty" - clearly a solid build and everything feels firm.  The back is matte and almost rubberized - it'll be harder to drop than it's more slick competition.  There are only the two buttons on the front, plus the optical joystick that operates as a select button as well.  The optical joystick takes a little getting used to - really nice for maneuvering around webpages, less good for use in phone menus.  But the flick interface works really well for phone menus.  I've been unimpressed with the Voice Control - it looks flexible and functional, and usually my voice gets recognized the first or second try.  Not so much :(Google: I'm a gmail guy - even using contacts, calendar, tasks, docs, etc.  So, having everything I'd have on my desktop with me is a HUGE plus.  Actually, it's the reason I gave up my Samsung i550 with Palm 5.3OS.My only concerns going forward:1) screen durability - I haven't put a screen protector on it (yet).  I hope that this won't interfere too much with the otherwise great interface.2) slider durability - I'm usually not on a new device's bandwagon until well into it's lifetime.  Like I said above, the slider feels great and solid.3) the entire back of the phone has to slide off to get to the battery.  The battery has to come out to remove or replace the SD card :(  Not a huge deal, but a larger, longer lasting battery will have to be new technology to fit in the same space or include a change to the back of the phone.  Either of which may mean no upgrade to the battery.  Which is definitely this phone's biggest limitation.All that being said, I'm very, very happy with this phone!

I only had this phone for one day but am enjoying it immensely...but then anything would be better than the Instinct.

i have had this phone since it came out, it is total garbage, it has never worked the way it was marketed. it doesnt support the latest version of android, it barely supported the one it was released with. GPS is buggy and doesnt work right, the batty lasts for about 6 hours (thats just idle time) and it constantly gets stuck in boot loops. save your money

*updated review at bottom*original review:So I bought this phone via sprint when it came out, should've waited for amazon, would've saved me about 75 dollars. ANYHOO! I love this phone!Pros:-All the apps, music capabilities, etc that the iphone has-Decent sound quality (I hear everyone crystal clear)-Touchscreen everything but you can use the optical mouse and slide out keyboard (which I love)-Extremely intuitive. I only had to refer to the manual once so far (had it about a week now) and that was to take the battery cover off (which I never ended up getting to in the book because I slid it off).-Decent battery life-regular headphones work with itCons:- it's supposed to be 5.5 hours of talk time, but if you talk on it for 2 hours straight while playing games online (on the phone), it tends to be a bit shorter! So battery life took a star. Also regular usage gets it only 9 or 10 hours before you want to charge to be on the safe side.- If you put a pattern lock (have to draw a specific design/connect dots) on the phone to prevent it from doing things by accident via touch screen, it has a one-touch EMERGENCY DIAL button always present when you unlock the phone to use it. Which routes directly to your county 911. And if you realize it too late and hang up quickly the 911 operator calls you back to make sure you're ok. Which is a good idea but horrible if you're half asleep and grab the phone to check a text message.I'll update if I find anything new awesome and or horribly bad with it.But it's perfect for me. So I definately recommend.**update November 27, 2009**So I've had this phone almost a month now and still in love with it. I did have a problem with the speaker phone not working (I could hear everyone crystal clear, but I was fading in and out even if I was not moving in a silent room with no background noise. Yes, I made someone help me test this before I officially concluded it WAS my phone afterall). I took it back to the Sprint Store I got it from (a few blocks from me) and they replaced it that day no charge at all (it has a 30 day unlimited warranty. This was about a week after I got the phone).I've come to terms with the battery life issue after consulting with someone who has a g1 and has the same low battery problems. So it lasts me about 5-8 hours a day (usually tons of texting involved and applications being played) before it gives me the low battery (15% remaining) warning. Then I come home and stick it on the charger or just let it be until I know I can dedicate 3-4 hours to charging this baby up. (It did however last me from 1pm yesterday afternoon to 8am this morning with moderate texting and phone usage only before dying. Was able to make a phone call immediately once it was attached to the charger though).I still believe is the perfect phone for me of all out there on the market (and yes, I played with the Droid but hate the keyboard). It is sluggish to touch sometimes, double tapping the screen to "wake it up" during a phone call can inadvertantly lead to hanging up sometimes, and when you're typing very fast it doesn't always imput it right away or will get backed up on a few letters. I've been using it as an mp3 player and hooking it to my car speakers while driving. It can charge AND play music at the same time. Some applications and games ARE more draining then others though, but you can generally figure out which ones.It's still, in my opionion, an all around wonderful phone.***UPDATE *JULY 15, 2010* ***So still have the same actual phone as I did last time update, it's gone through 2 sprint updates needed to be done in store. So some changes to original review needed! The updates have fixed the issues of super short battery life (extremely high android/internet usage for a 16 hour period before needing a charge and otherwise normal usage (frequent but not high texting, somewhat high internet usage) will last the day (8am to 3am, so 29 hours roughly). Updates also fixed (apparently) the speakerphone issue and the mute button issue and the issue of hanging up accidently while trying to wake screen up during phone call.The android has been updated to 2.2 (or 2.1, double check on that. HAS BEEN UPDATED TO ONE OF THOSE THOUGH!).Touch screen occasionally will be taken over by ghosts (not really often, but enough to be mentioned), but I think that has more to do with the screen covers I put on there.The camera and video features now have zoom! Not a very BIG zoom, but a zoom nonetheless.Still love the phone, still recommend! :-)

Pros:  I researched all of the Android phones.  My favorite would be the Motorolla Droid, however, I did not want to pay more for a service with Verison.  With that being said, my review is the following:  The Samsun Moment price on Amazon cannot be beat!  Here its 429 when Sprint itself would sell if for no lower than 550 without service contract extension!  Second, I compaired the android network to the IPOD network.  I own an IPOD Touch and before I knew it, I spent well over 100 dollars buying applications.  On the Android network, most of the very same type applications are FREE!!!  My guess would be that 90 percent of the applications on the Android network are free, and those that do charge are so little in cost that it wouldn't be an issue!  so yes, you will save a great amount of money using the Android Market vice the IPOD network.  Third, with an 800 Mhz processor, it is very fast and does not slow down like my other phones I have owned (i.e. Microsoft OS phones).  Forth, even if you get the covers and protection cases (ofwhich I did), all you have to pay with sprint per month is $ 4.00 a month for a Maintenance cost to cover a complete replacement if it breaks!  No 50 dollar deductable, and no limit on replacements.  fifth,  the look and feel of this bad boy is awesome!  It is very durable, the QWERTY Keyboard feels like Samsung put good money into developing it.  Battery life is fair.  Over all, I have been with Sprint for 10 years and I believe this is the best phone they have ever put on thier network.cons:  If I had to say one negative response on this phone, it would be that they should come up with a way the battery will last longer.  However, what would you expect when you have a phone that is so effective?  Just keep a charger near by when you buy it, becuase when you explore all features it has, you will drain the battery quick.

I have had this phone for a couple of months.  I really like it overall. There isn't a "perfect" smart phone out there, you just have to decide what you need and what you are willing to concede.The biggest flaws are:1) the mute and speaker buttons stay active on the touch screen during a call, so if you hold your phone too close to your face like I do, you end up muting yourself or putting them on speaker.  They need to come up with a way you can deactivate the touch screen during a call (this was a feature my Palm had that I liked).  If you are an ear piece person, this is not an issue.2) The second major issue is the battery life.  I am getting ready to try running the battery all the way down and then charging it up again.  Everyone says this seems to work.  I have not tried it yet, but will.  Right now, if I use the internet for 10-15 minutes, the battery shows half used.  My husband's phone does not seem to do this (he also has a Moment).  So, everyone says to get the battery to reset itself, let it run all the way down to dead and then charge for 8 hours and possibly repeat.  I will try this and see if it works.3) The other issue is sometimes there is a delay when you are going from screen to screen or changing apps, it's a little slow sometimes to change screens and catch up.  This is annoying.  It could be faster.4) It comes with some pre-installed demo apps that only work if you purchase them and there is no way to remove them from the phone!  I don't know why.  You should be able to uninstall any apps you don't want, but you have no options on the pre-installed ones that Sprint puts on it: Bejeweled Demo, Google Talk, Brain Genius Deluxe just to name a few.Good stuff:1) The Google Maps application is okay, but Sprint Navigation is WAY BETTER!  It's just like a regular GPS and talks to you and gives you turn by turn directions.2) I really like that you can set up your Outlook account to sync with Google Calendar and email and it pushes your emails directly to your phone just like a Blackberry as often as you decide.  The calendar will also sync as often as you tell it.3) The camera has a flash (which my Palm did not), BUT THERE IS NO ZOOM! Then again, I don't buy cell phones for a great camera or camcorder!  Anyone that does is dillusional. Cell phones are NOT made to be cameras or camcorders (it's just an afterthought).  If you want a great quality camera or camcorder, BUY ONE! There really aren't even many good quality camera/camcorder combinations yet, what do you expect in a cell phone?Overall, I think it's a great phone.  I LOVE the Facebook app and Cardio Trainer.  Cardio Trainer app has a GPS and tells you how far and where you walked, ran, kayaked, etc. and how long it took you, then posts to FB automatically if you want!  You can also create your own ringtones out of ANY song!

I have ordered this phone twice,was told two different reasons why my order was cancelled the first time.  So I ordered it again and the delivery date kept being pushed back until finally it was cancelled again just the day it was to ship. I put it on a one day ship and that didn't work either.Very upset.

I have to say I was a big hesitant about purchasing this phone after owning the Instinct, but after owning this phone have no regrets at all.Calls are crystal clear.  You have the ability to multitask while on a call (surf web, check/send email or test messages).  Speaker phone was also clear.  No stock call reminder, but found an app that works well.Android OS is very easy to use and you can make it your own with many free apps.Calander works well--much, much better than the Instinct.  You can link it to a gmail account or outlook.Web browsing is much the same as using a home pc, especially when using Wifi. You can send links, copy/paste, etc.SMS/MMS--I've downloaded a few free apps but have the stock messaging works much better.  I wasn't thrilled there are no reminders when you receive a text, but downloaded an app that works great on the Moment.There aren't many stock ringtones, but here are quite a few apps you can download free ringtones.The touch screen works very well.  The slide out keyboard was the selling point for me over the Hero.  After having only a touch screen on the Instinct I knew one thing a phone had to have with a full physical keyboard.  The keys are set up nicely on the keyboard and you can also navigate by using the keyboard.Camera/video--not overly thrilled, but I don't rely on a phone for good pics.  It's just an added bonus for me. There are no editing options or zoom--there may be apps but I haven't checked as of yet.  The only option is the quality of video and flash on/off.Battery life is about what I expect with everything the phone does.  If you purchase this phone I recommend an app such as ATK (Advanced task killer) to save on the battery as you can see what apps are running and opt to stop them.The phone seems to be made well and the slide function is smooth.If you're looking for a fully featured phone I'd recommend the Moment.  If it doesn't have what you want in the stock OS most likely you will be able to download an app to work with rhe phone.

You guys need to check out sdx forums - it has alot of custom roms for the moment.Including their own JIT compiler (announced for Android version of Froyo) which make the phone 2-5X as fastI own this phone and i'm 100% satisfied with it.

I don't have time to write a detailed review; but I agree with most of what I have read, and more with the positive reviewers.  The big thing I wanted to alert the community to, is that Samsung released a firmware fix in December that Sprint had to package, and was released Jan 15th, but can only be updated at a store at this time.  Will allow web update later.  It fixes battery, GPS indoor, and some software glitches.  Why 4 out of 5; I usually rate a lot of 5s.  It's not perfect, maybe some problems with rings and answering lag, so far using it only 3 weeks, but not more so than any other "smart phone, or semi-smart model" with touch screen.  I also have a Palm Pre from work which few know has a stronger graphics processor, and is basically pretty strong equipment; and it has similar problems, they all do.  Bottom line as a phone GREAT and as a helper for a weekly traveler, Greatest!

Just a quick note that if you are thinking about purchasing the Moment: I would advise that you wait until July 12th when the Samsung Intercept is released (or later when the Samsung 4G Epic becomes available).  The reason is that Sprint has announced that the Moment will not receive Froyo.  This means that this phone will not have wifi teethering (without using apps or rooting the phone) or Flash (or any new features in froyo).If these features are not important to you then the Moment is a great phone.  I have been happy with my phone.  I am not however happy about how my five month phone is already not being updated to the newest version of Android.  (I guess the Droid phones will end up like early 90's computers; you have to jump in at some point - only to watch your purchase become obsolete within a year).

The battery life sucks and the phone freezes. It dont hold much memory and it laggs alot. But it has great apps
