
I have owned and used several phones and electronic devices....all of them lasted at least a year or more before failing....this nokia phone lasted two weeks before it died....apparently, the charging socket connection in the phone is poorly built and wears out pretty fast...the other thing is the crappy battery life....nokia should seriously consider improving their product quality.Here's one tip for wannabe youtube users...by default, youtube won't work...you need to download and install the youtube app from the ovi store...

I already bought this product for since last week. I cannot tell everything about this phone right now because at this time, the phone still in the post office place. I don't know why Amazon choose USPS for carrying that shipping. 5 days for Amazon to fullfill the shipment, then 3-4 days for shipping to my house. That is so ridiculous. Tracking is also bad at always, go to USPS and it didn't show anything, go to Amazon and it said Arrival some where I don't know. Hopefully tomorrow I can get that phone and post another review.

At first I opened the box and was dismayed at how small the screen was.  I previously had an LG EnV touch, which had a 3.0 inch screen but was drastically larger than the 2.9 inch screen of the 5530 XM.  What can I say, I like big screens.  But once you get used to it, u realize a small screen can be an advantage when you only have one hand available.  It is highly customizable, the screen is vibrant and rich, camera is great for a phone, the wifi is easy to configure and connect.  Music on this phone is simply AMAZING.  The words are so crisp and clear I have now made it my primary music listening device over my ipod, seriously.  The phone aspect of this phone is 4/5. I feel the antenna is not as powerful, as there is a no service bar constantly when I am in the university library.  But I do not know 100% if this due to my carrier or the.  Anyway, best deal around for an unlocked phone under $200.

I gifted this to my sister and she loved it. Its a great phone with reliability of NOKIA

Since i have been using it, it has a software failure which locks its display (keyboard) and it is impossible to make it run. I already tried to update the software and to hard reset it, and it doesn't work yet.I don't recommend to buy this cell phone ever.I'm very dissapointed with nokia.

Got mine for under $200 with no contract. I was able to use it without the smart chip as an ipod touch. The picture quality and vga video are great. It is fully touch screen in the usa without the pecil. I contacted att and asked them to block data so I dont pay for data and go online with my wifi all the time. Also because it has no gps I dont get any gps chargers. The 5800 is a better option if you have a data plan or want the ultimate camera lenses.

My bro bought me this as my first phone, and i have to say, its the worst one. I might be saying this cause i got spoiled after i kept using my brother's high end samsung phones but yeah, this totally sucks compared to my friend's phones. Been using this for about 4-5 months, not too good.Pros:Great music playbackgreat speakers, wow they are amazing for a phone this smallcheap, got mines for around $150 here unlockedWifi internet, ooh lalavery nice stainless steel edgesCons:Software is terrible, omfg. its symbian.phone freezes and restarts once in a whilebattery can burn out itself in less than 3 hours unless you restart the phone. gotta be careful of that, because it gets real hot and then it runs out of batteries.low ram, can barely load some of the forum pages on the phonebattery cover and battery will slip out if you drop it from a low height.It takes a while sometimes just to load out the menus and stuff like thatreally buggy, dont know why.This phone is actually OK considering at the price i (more like my bro) bought it, but its not as nice as expected. a software update came about two weeks ago that fixed most of the software problems, but it seems prone to crashing and restarting at anytime. I love the music quality from the phone, not to mention the dual speakers that pump out absurdly loud but clear and crisp mp3(only reason why i dont use ipods). But, the battery cover and the occasional freeze or battery burn out really makes me want to slam this phone on the ground, get a jackhammer and just wreck it.maybe more 2.5/5, but still not a good phone. go grab another one for around the same price. anyways ,this phone is outdated.

I took this piece to gift it my dad. Phone was not turning on. I had sent it to the customer service paying all the shipping charges and tracking options. The phone came back saying that the piece was completely rectified. I plugged in the battery and it doesn't turn on. I called the customer service and they wanted me to resend the phone again. I requested them to connect to a manager but of no use. I am sending mails to them repeatedly through their website to which I get a reply that some one is looking into it and a manager would call me back but it doesn't happen. I had got a call once from Philippines and while talking itself the call got disconnected I was hoping that they would be call me back but in vain. I don't know how to escalate this issue. If nothing happens I have to throw this phone in dumpster. I am hoping that some higher up from Nokia customer service reads this feedback and helps me out.Overall I do not blame the product at all but the customer service.

For me this is a perfect phone now that I've updated the Symbian s60v5 to version 20.0.080. I was mostly after a wifi phone that I can use with skype or gizmo.  It was a nice surprise that the nokia ovi site has lots of apps and games and does an excellent job of pushing e-mail and allowing free uploads etc.  My current favorite apps are paint pad and nimbuzz, google maps, etc.  What, really does a person do with 10,000 apps?  The only con with the phone is that it is pretty easy to run several apps at once and draw down the battery.  For listening to great sounding music, chatting with skype, and forwarding photos all at the same time this phone is great.  The small size is a bonus most other smart phones are giants in comparison.

Been playing with the phone for several days and I absolutely love it for the $199 I paid.  Of the features I was interested in, here are my opinions on them:0) very easy to setup this unlocked phone -- I took a SIM card from a Tmobile prepaid phone and inserted into this nokia and it self-configured everything for me (a relief for me as this was my first time buying an unlocked phone).  Now that I know the cell coverage is good in my brick-walled condo, I'll swap this SIM card for a cheap $30 Tmobile monthly plan SIM card, and fully expect this to be a quick swap1) perfect size -- fits in a shirt or pants pocket easily, is lightweight, and easy enough for my stubby fingers to hold and operate.  hard to operate this with gloves on though (e.g., on a ski slope)2) music player and FM player are *very high* fidelity, especially compared to other players out there.  A couple of caveats though -- the earphones that come with it are only average for sound quality, and I get much higher fidelity sound using my other set of compact Sony headphones.  Also, from what I can tell, the FM radio only works with headphones on -- you can't use the built-in speakers for radio.  The built-in speakers are a lot better in fidelity than other phones/players I've tried, but obviously this device is too small to accurately replicate bass using its built-in speakers.  Bass is fine with good headphones though.3) WLAN capability is fantastic.  With free WLAN everywhere, it's by far the cheapest way to access the net through the phone without a data plan (recall I'm doing this with a prepaid SIM card).  Note that the phone supports 2G (and not 3G), but with WLAN being much quicker downloads (e.g., 2-3 sec delay to start playing youtube videos) and usually free, I'm not interested in 3G.  video quality was surprisingly good for such a small device.  Reading email on yahoo was pretty easy, but required a few too many clicks too navigate within yahoo -- I wouldn't want to go through 40 email with this, but it's fine to scan my daily email and reply to just a few email.  I had been planning on buying a nettop and WLAN scanner as well, but this phone already does both of those functions well enough for me so I won't be buying either anymore.4) instruction guide that came with it could really use some work.  if you're new to Nokia (like me), it was tougher to figure out than other cell phones I've used (sony ericsson, motorola, and panasonic).  the back cover is annoyingly badly designed as others have remarked, and the instructions were nearly useless for getting that cover off and back on again.  i'll probably seek out google searches for this device before i use the instruction guide in the future.5) comes with 4G memory card, but the slot is in a bit of an odd place.  my other phones usually kept it in the back with the SIM card and battery, but this places it in the side.  it's really an odd design, but since I don't plan to swap memory cards all too often, not a huge issue for me.6) battery life is average.  my previous sony ericsson gave me a 10 hour talk time, and this phone probably gives about half that, and even less if you go crazy with WLAN, etc.  so i'll probably end up buying a second charger so I can keep one at work and home (I listen to music all day at work with it)7) phone lacks AM radio and GPS.  sports broadcasts are often on AM -- would have liked if they added that in.  GPS would have been nice, but alas, all these things would have probably raised the price toooverall, i'm really happy with this phone given its price -- it gives me all the features I really need without forcing me in to expensive cell phone data plans with the wireless companies.  its music player capabilities beat out even the $400 phones/players, and if you're willing to live without a few features, this is a great phone for the price -- plus you won't feel as bad if you damage it

hi guys, I bought nokia 5530 XpressMusic mobile phone 4months ago, looks wise it is superior to 5800 but performance wise it is worst. I did not satisfy. it is merely mobile with mp3 player. I suggest not to buy this product.

I bought it during the thinksgiving, I expected that it is a great phone.But I felt disapponited.Even though it plays music very well and FM is clear, but it is not a good smart phone. There are some issues: the battery is really very fast to run out;the screen is easy to freeze and you have to open the back cover to reset the battery; the battery is too small to fit the phone, you can feel that battery shaking when you shake the phone. What can I do is that I insert a piece of paper inside to resolve this problem. Finally, under sunlight, the screen is not visible. Mang Cons here, I am asking me, " should I return it?"

I, like many of us, been using cellphones for more than 10 years. I use phones for normal use for work. This is first phone, which I brought unlocked and paid $150. And by far this is the worst phone I had ever brought.1. Battery does not last even for 24 hours even in standby.2. The bluetooth never stayed connected unless the phone is connected to power.3. The screen if it is just a little dirty, the touch will work randomly.4. The call quality is so.. so5. Eventually total failureI brought this phone in Nov 2009 and its Apr 2010, the phone is rendered broke. During this time, I had to return it for service for dropping calls. Now when the phone freezes at startup and Nokia service wants the phone to be sent at my cost. So this the worst phone with a terrible service.It is best to avoid this phone.Ashok

I had bought Nokia 5530 as I am used to nokias product and quality but with this phone my stand abt nokia phone quality took a severe beating. I had used it for three days without not much if hickups expect for some restarts which happened when i browse the web in my wifi. I will start with my feed back for the three days i used without much problem first.1 - The phone looks good for the price.2 - The v10 firmware is useless and its a must to upgrade the firware to v11 or v20 (latest) so that most of the things work smoothly.3 - The touch screen is quite responsive and the features provided are also good. We can add 20 contacts in the home screen for faster dialling( this feature was problematic in v10 firmware but once i upgraded to v20 its worked smoothly to perfection)4 - The music player is awesome. Mainly due to the excellent earphones. The music player also had problems in v10 but worked without any hiccups in v20.5- Battery life is not much and you will need to recharge it daily but the recharge time is really fast and the phone recharges within a hour to nearly full. (1 got only 16 hours - 8 hours in wifi and then 1 hour in game etc)6 - Connecting to wifi crashed in v10 of the firmware but worked fine even after long usage after i upgraded to v20.7 - Kinetic scrolling rocks. It much smoother once u upgrade.But after three days of usage the phone stopped been a phone i.e. the main use of a phone is to take calls and to dial others but whenever i take a call or try to call another no the phone just switches off. ya just like that. I tried resetting it to factory settings, i tried reinstalling the firmware , did everthin but the problem is still persisting. I came to know tht lot of people are facing such issues and mostly it seems its a hardware problem in which the speaker is earthing itself and the phone switches off. Its really diifcult when u come to know that the problem is hardware and nokia didnt take the care to check the quality of its product as lot of people are facing these issuesAnyway i have asked amazon for an exchange. Hope this new phone which comes is defect free.For anyone who is planning to buy this phone i wont recommend it now until nokia sloves all the problems but after tht this phone is definetly a buy.

I bought this phone about 6 months back since I did not like what ATT was offering as upgrades and I did not want to extend my contract. My first nokia phone (have owned a Sony walkman, Motorola and Seimens before).The Good ...1. Awesome screen resolution.2. Amazingly clear and effective music player. I am a musician and love the quality of the built in mp3 player. The ear phones are of great quality and so is the player software (supports find, playlists, etc)3. Multitasking phone and pretty easy to use. Call quality is good too.4. Landscape mode supports a full qwerty keyboard.5. Supports full web browsing and the video experience on sites like youtube is great.The Bad ...1. The screen is sometimes extremely senstive to switch from potrait to landscape mode.2. The phone has frozen/rebooted on me a couple of times for no reason. Sometimes I have to open and remove the battery and put it back to get the phone started. You hate it when this happens during a call !!3. Touch screen is good but yet miles away from likes of IPhone.Overall I would say for the price I bought it this is a good buy. But I still feel Nokia can do better than this.

Bought this phone locally. Physically, it appears to be nice; right size, great features, etc, and looks good on paper...for the price. After a day, it froze on me while I was listening to an audio file. I had to remove/insert the battery to get it back up. Next day, froze again while I was in the middle of a phone call, and phone did not respond on any key I press. Again, removed and re-inserted battery. Next day, froze while I was playing a video file. Same solution...remove/reinsert battery.I thought I bought a lemon, so went back to the store for an exchange. After 2 days, froze again while I was tinkering in the menu. And it routinely froze on me for the next 3 days.Looked at discussion forums, and found that this "freezing" thing is an inherent design problem of the phone. At least, I was not alone. Decided to take it back for a refund.I suggest you spend your money wisely, and buy other brand/model phones...BUT NEVER BUY THIS PHONE. This is a Nokia half-baked product, and you're lucky if you get a fix from them within 6 months.My 2 cents. If, after reading this, you still decide to get this phone, Good Luck.

great phone so far ,,,,i have 1 problem that i'm looking into,twice now the phone shuts off while trying to access something and restarts by itself,,don't know why that happens but ,watching to see what happens,,all in all ,it's a good phone.

This is the worst phone I ever used. It works great as a PDA, but it turns off the power whenever you want to make a call.I am not alone, check the online forum for this phone, one of ten has this problem. It is ridiculous.

nice cellphone with all the options that a cellphone need, a good camera, it save music, and its touch screen ia m happy with it.

After carefully reading reviews on similar unlocked phones like the Cookie and even higher end Nokia models like the N97, I ultimately decided to go with the 5530 Xpressmusic. I was definitely in need of a new phone as I had basically a dinosaur for a cell phone. I wanted a few things from my new phone which were:1. a modern, sleek touchscreen design2. an unlocked phone compatible with my SIM3. a phone that works when it should and is easy to learn to useThe Nokia 5530 xpressmusic was all of this and so much more. I find it to be very functional - I have not had a dropped call or any problems with the interface itself. The touchscreen is very easy and fun to use. Once you get used to it, you will be able to navigate the phone very easily. I find the screen to be very responsive, although sometimes I do like to use the stylus. However, I must say it is important to follow the user guide - I have done that and the phone has been so much fun! It does not have GPS or 3G compatibility - however, I was not looking for these things. I can live with 2G and actually a recent firmware update has made the phone run even faster, even online. It comes with a 4GB memory card which can be upgraded to 16GB - so plenty of room to store things. The absolute best part of this phone, as the name suggests, is the music player. The quality of the sound is absolutely incredible and the phone was designed for music lovers in mind. In fact, one of pre-loaded videos even refers to the device as a "music player that is also a phone!". Music on this phone sounds better than many higher end models that my friends have. They are quite jealous! A set of headphones also come with the phone that I have found to be of average/slightly above average quality. The camera and video are also pretty impressive, not amazing, but still pretty good quality for this phone.The only reason I knocked a star off is the battery. Battery life seems to get depleted quickly , sometimes way too quickly, so the phone must be charged each night or you risk having a dead battery by noon the next day. I have tried all of the optimization tricks to get more life out of the battery and still it is rather short.So if you are looking for an affordable alternative touchscreen phone with some interesting features and easy interface, this phone has been a joy and is the way to go. An iphone killer? I wouldn't go that far at all, but with many similar features and similar touchscreen feel, it is a great choice for anyone who doesn't want to pay $400 for a phone.

I was a Nokia fan and always had Nokia phones - this phone disappointed me and I decided not to purchase anymore Nokia phones - Goodbye Nokia!My Problem with phone: The second week itself the headset stopped working. I should have returned my product right then. That was my mistake. Three months later, the phone started switching off whenever I make or receive a call. I sent it to the customer service paying the shipping charges and tracking options. The phone came back repaired. Even though I indicated that the headset is to be replaced or repaired, it came back as it is. Now I have a different complaint. The phone does not turn on! It freezes on the boot screen. I sent mails to Nokia through their website to which I get a reply that some one is looking into it and a manager would call me back but they never called. It is near impossible to escalate this issue. I do not see a point in spending more money shipping it back... Probably I will throw it and take that $250 loss. Nokia - listen -- You will never get any market share with this support.Now the review: The phone looks like a cheap Chineese knockoff. Looks so plasticky with a plastic flimsy screen. The camera is very poor quality that it is impossible to take any useful pictures indoor. The plus points of the phone is nice size and the nice UI. In short: Software/OS: B+ Hardware: FPros:Nice UINice market place integrationSuperb quality syncing softwareCons:Poor hardware quality. Too many issues reported by users - freezes, reboots on call, etcPoor camera quality - impossible to take pictures indoorsPoor screen quality - looks like a cheap Chineese knockoffPoor battery life if you use email messagingVery poor support

This is a great phone! However, it took me a week to figure out why my battery life is very short. I was charging this phone every night and it runs out of battery at 6pm, the next day.Double check:1) Your RSS or Web Feed settings. This will activate your Wifi and drain the battery.2) Your Mail for Exchange settings. I had this set to "check every hour" and my phone only lasted a day.3) All internet settings. Make the apps ask for connection. If you have any apps that automatically check for updates, you will drain the battery.4) Apps in the background. Like IM or Facebook.5) Email automatic retrieval.After I turned all of these automatic features off, my battery life is the same as Nokia's spec.I really enjoy this phone.

This is a great product, combines a nice presentation with all the functions that you need for fun and bussiness, the sound is fine, the touch screen is very nice and the speed of the device is faster than other devices.

my needs:  text message, calendar/note function to replace my organizer, wi-fi to make syncing easier, no need for 3G or web surfing (next model up is more expensive, but includes 3G)performance:texting:  I use the stylus most of the time to text.  It is responsive.  The screen responds to pressure rather than heat, so even with my long nails, I can answer calls and use the phone without the stylus.  (the iphone screen isn't responsive to my fingers because of my nails)the frustrating feature when texting is inserting an appostrophe, exclamation mark, or question mark.  There's no direct way to do it on the keypad without exiting and going to the 'insert symbol' tab and finding the symbol...very slow...also, names of people don't automatically get capitalized, neither does the word "I", so my messages look grammatically off every timefile manager:  still can't find where my photos are stored when I sync from my hard drive up to my phone.camera:  good, there's flash too which is nicewi-fi:  useful because I sync my calendar daily.  Now I don't have to use a separate organizer for my contacts and calendar.notes:  limited space, only allows a very short note to be inputtedalarm/screen/other features:  sometimes get stuck sideways and I have to restart the phone to get it back to normal, also, the alarm can't be turned off by just tapping the screen, it's pretty annoying in the morning when I have to restart the phone just to shut the alarm off.overall, the phone is functional and serves it's basic purpose as organizer/phone/camera, but because of the software issues such as inputting question marks, faulty alarm, stuck screen, I cannot give it 5 stars.

I have been using this phone for over a month now.  Overall, it works great but it has reset itself 3 times.  Fortunately, none of my information was lost after the reset.

Its not the best of Nokia phones1)The touchscreen is clunky and not very responsive2)The battery does not fit snug, and when you shake the phone, you can feel the battery move.3)Software/Firmware is unstable.I have had to re-flash it twice till now.If you can afford something better, please ignore this phone.

The wi-fi was easy to set up and works well; pretty fast too. The phone took no time to pick up the t-mobile network. I installed the Office Viewer and I was able to view Word and Excel documents with no problem. The only downside to the phone is the small screen but I had no problem texting.

I love this phone! I was going for the 5800 however, I didn't see the need for all of those features that I'm not going to use. So This phone is great value for the money and it's Nokia, it will last!

The Nokia 5530 XpressMusic phone is absolutely beautiful when you have it in front of you. I bought this phone for my fiancee and I had the urge to keep it! The phone is not one for the super tech-savvy individuals so I don't know what the purpose is of comparing it to the high-end, high-tech phones. What you have with this XpressMusic phone is looks + what I consider the new-basics of cellular use. The "new-basics" include: Great Call-clarity, Music-playing capabilities, excellent sounding speakerphone, memory card storage, a vibrant touch-screen, sturdy phone casing, and smartphone enhanced features like social networking, etc.If you are looking for a phone that will provide you with a lot of features, at a moderate price, with beautiful looks, then this is the ONE!

this phone is so easy to use ever since i got it is like i can't put it down facebook and chat rooms and lovely

I think what i bought is now brand-new but kind of refurnished or something that has no good quality1. battery life bad if charged by phone, and now phone can't recharge battery2. screen locks itself every 5 seconds, even I set it to be 2 mins, especially when using the wifithis is the worst nokia phone i have used

I am a late adapter when it comes to cell phones. So refrained from Iphones and vu/touch phones as one was mostly tied to a provider data plan or had to pay a premium for the phone itself.If you dont care about 3g (read data plan 29.99 a month) or GPS there cannot be a better phone at this price range. Solidly built, some reviews complained about back cover. I do see an issue there as it get on the phone with little notches on all sides. But how may times you open that. Specially when SIM/SDHC is accessible from outside. The only time you need to open the back cover is when you install a battery.What I love about this phone in order of preference.Form Factor (It looks like a phone and not a PDA)Not tied to a provider or unlocked so you dont have to be geeky searching for unlocking/jail breaking articles.Wifi 54G (email is good on the run)Quad Band GSM World PhoneMedia/Music playback is excellent.Can go upto 16GB Micro SDHC (plenty of music or videos) comes with 4Gig.Speaker phone and in general call quality for me increasd 3-5 times. (I used Razr before).Clear brilliant screenTouch pad responsive enoughPicture quality @3.2MP is good in daylight and flash comes in handy for pictures in lowlight (subject @2-4 ft).What I will look for in future revisions.USB Charging capabilityA little thinner (Not that is fat right now) but it would make it sweeter.Total Alloy body including back cover for a more solid feel.Maybe a more rugged look/feel (non piano black or non shiny finish for e.g Zune kind of finish or finish with more friction), I always get a feeling I am going to drop it.

Great product! the only complain I have is the battery life, it last only one day, as the most of the smartphones. If you check frecuently the internet as emails, msn, or some other app, the battery will last only one day... but in general it's a great product!

Not so intuitive as an iphone or android phone but works fine. Good definition (display) and sound.

I somewhat researched this phone and overall it had mixed reviews.  However I had read many that said the phone's software had alot of problems, but I decided to give it a try anyways. It was fairly easy to use and I loved all the features it came with. The wifi was also very good and i enjoyed the fm radio and the headphones it came with.  Email setup was also really easy.  Unfortunately I soon found out that the software problems talked about on the discussions were not limited to a few phones as i'd hoped.Some things that bothered me were relatively insignificant like finding no way of adding my contacts from my sim card to the contacts bar unless i created a new contact, the build of the phone seemed a bit cheap, and the qwerty keyboard i found to be a bit too small for me even though i have skinny fingers.  Call quality was also not so great.  But what made it a dealbreaker for me was the several crashes, self reboots, and screen freezes it had...and that was only a week of fairly moderate to light usage.  At first i thought this might be due to a type of information overload thing as in maybe it only crashed while surfing the net or listening to music but not even, it crashed and restarted when i was doing something so basic as writing a text.  Specifically, going through Nokias Ovi store had a maximum of maybe 5 minutes if i was lucky, since it always crashed not too long after i entered the site. Not only did it crash and reboot several times, but the software was also really bug-y, for example when i went through my texts one by one the bar on the bottom would flicker every time i switched to the next, and the home screen would sometimes go a little nuts and have black lines or the name of the app i just exited floating in the middle? Probably more annoying than anything was the game of peekaboo i played every time a message notification popped up...since it popped up, then hid, then popped up again, then hid...it was only after a few of these that i could actually be able to hit the message notification and read my message. The phone sometimes lagged quite a bit, specifically the accelerometer when switching from portrait to landscape modes and the three keys on the bottom (call, home, end) had to be pressed especially hard.I decided to go into the Nokia discussion boards to possibly find a solution to the phones not so great software.  What i found was an overwhelming number of people with the same problems (crashes, freezes, restarting), who have been waiting for a software update that would fix the bugs on the phone since it was released...and that was around 6+ months ago...after reading this i decided i was definitely not going to be a sitting duck and wait for Nokia to maybe decide to fix what someone described as a "half-baked" product and i agree. I am not a tech-y person at all, in fact this was my first 'smartphone' and my first time using a touchscreen and it was so disappointing.  If i'm paying money for something i expect it to work properly and not have to deal with something that was sloppily put together. I only had it for a week...i cant imagine it lasting more than a month.  Im currently awaiting on my refund.In conclusion, it really is sad because had the phone been properly manufactured or the bugs been fixed, it would've been an awesome phone.UPDATE 1/17/10:i got my refund promptly and i then ordered the Nokia e63...in my opinion its been everything the 5530 could have been had it been fixed minus the touchscreen...have had it for a few weeks now and its been great...would definitely recommend the e63 to anyone who was as disappointed with the 5530 as i was.

I have used hundreds of cell phones since 1990 most of them Nokias excepting last year when Blackberry became my phone of choice and I choose a Nokia 5530 as my backup ! I call it the night phone as the screen cant be seen in daylight !!  The syncronizing software cost me hundreds to repair my desktop as it brought my PC to dead slow.

Let me start out by saying that despite the problems with the phone, I do not plan on returning it.  I think that the pros, including the price, outweigh the problems.Pros (for me):NO data plan required!  I really wanted a new touchscreen phone with smartphone capabilities, but everybody REQUIRES you to add one of their $25-$30 data plans on top of your calling plan.  I could not justify paying $300+ a year just to surf the net on my phone.  My $5.99 Tzones package works just fine for checking my email and getting on the internet when I absolutely need to (because it is pretty slow).Touchscreen.  It has one.  That's about all I can say because I don't care for it too much (looks great but don't like the feel of it).WIFI.  Great being able to access the internet from WIFI connections at home, work, and some restaurants.Loud Ringer, vivid screen, sounds good, able to watch movies and listen to music.Price - It was only $[...] after the current rebate ($[...]).  Couldn't find anything that comes close for that price with the features this has (without signing a contract)CONS:Feels kind of cheap (thinner plastic, loose back cover or battery moving around inside).The touchscreen is soft and nowhere near as responsive as my Itouch.It drops my Bluetooth calls after a few minutes.  Not sure what this is all about but it is becoming a BIG problem, especially with work calls.  Hopefully there will be a firmware update out soon for the phone or my handsfree device!Like I said, overall I am pleased and will keep the phone, at least until the data plans on the Iphones come down some.

I have bought this phone for my wife and she loved it, but after a couple of months the phone was acting strange it would turned off randomly, the speaker mode did not work right, it was sometimes very slow.Then I did some research on the web for problems whit that model and found that allot of people had those problems and they put comments to upgrade the firmware to fix dose problems and I did that I did the upgrade and the phone is working fine now.If you have problems whit this phone go to [...]Nokia's are good phones but there's no perfect cell phone, all have problems.

Had it for 2 days and had to return it back. The phone is a total disaster - it restarts once or twice a day. Sometimes it even powers down on its own. Home screen buttons lock up for no reason and phone freezes up. Sometimes even restart would help... To make the things worse, it was a birthday present for my wife. Shame on you Nokia!!!

I'd been wanting a new phone, but failed to find one that met all my wants and needs...until I stumbled upon this one.  I don't need the functionality of a Blackberry type of phone, so this one is perfect.  Not as touch sensitive as the iPhone, but you get used to it.  The bottom menu is customizable and the scrolling bar with your contact's thumbnails is a nice feature.  The speaker is nice and loud, and the camera takes great pictures and video.  Being a Nokia, it's durable, as I've dropped it a few times and it's still working (thankfully).  The first time I accidentally dropped it from about 4 feet high off my desk and the second time it flew off a couch onto a tile floor.  That being said, I would've given it 5 stars, but to date, I haven't been able to find more than a handful of cases to protect it that were reasonably priced.  Otherwise, I'm very happy with the phone.

The product was great. The package had all the necessary contents and the delivery was quick! I'm satisfied BUT, there was something that i didn't like at all. The package was damaged! And i don't mean that it was corrupted, the colour of the nokia package was at some places off. I gave it for present and it didn't look good at all.... The price was low compared to other online stores but if the quality is not good then i will consider twice to buy phone from here.......

I kept the phone about 20 days - but ultimately decided to send it back.1) The Symbian OS - it's dead, Nokia is switching to Maemo Linux and I fear that does not bode well for future app development, as it is - the selection of quality applications for SymbianS60v5Touch is pretty thin (though most of the basics are there)2) Buggy OS - would frequently get "unknown error" when trying to use the camera - I don't want to reboot my phone and wait 2 minutes+ to take a picture - this is likely to be addressed in a hopefully forthcoming OS update but I don't want to take that gamble3) Most of the OS is touch optimized, but like Windows Mobile (and perhaps exacerbated by my fat fingers and the phone's small screen size - sometimes you just MUST use the stylus.4) I HATE where the stylus is - I'm right handed - I hold the phone in my left. To get to the stylus I had to hold it in my right hand, pull part of the case off and work the stylus out from the phones lower left corner with my fingernail. The stylus doesn't "auto home" it's flatish not round, so unlike a palm, it won't rotate into place as you push it in - it needs to be oriented correctly then pushed in.5) the case back feels cheap, flimsy and prone to breakage - it's not a big deal - but is potentially an indicator that corners were cut in the industrial design - the phone was built to a price. If you keep it in a skin case - you'll never notice. Without a case - it creaks like cheap plastic when you grip the phone.6) the touchscreen is better than what was average a few years back - but it's still a resistive touchscreen - once you use a capacitive touchscreen, you'll realize how much resistive sucks as a technology. Often launched someones info card when trying to swipe across carousel.7) General OS weirdness - some installed apps cannot be removed to save space. The more you load onto main memory - even if the applications aren't running - the more the phone slows down, it went from feeling new and lithe to old an bloated within a week. As I deleted apps to prep it for sending back, it got more and more responsive again8) Leaves all your personal data on it when you "reset to factory configuration" Bad Form Nokia. Bad Form!9) USB charging - See "designed to a price" above - I hate that it came with a fiddly hard plastic latch over the USB port and with only a 4" sync cable - but most of all that it won't charge over USB - in fact it drains power when hooked up to the USB but not the charger - so much so that it will be dead if you leave it hooked up overnight.10) Fiddly media player - sometimes you rip a movie and it plays - sometimes not with the exact same settings - too unpredictable11) Motion sensors are brain dead - you tilt your hand a bit and the screen rotates for no apparent reason.12) Nokia's OVI store - I won't get into specifics - but it sucks.My criticisms seem petty, I know. But it's the little things day in and day out that will eventually get on your nerves.Plusses:1) Fast USB2 implementation - songs and videos load really quick from computer2) surprisingly good headphones3) surprisingly good music player for a non iPod/Phone4) small - reasonably sturdy build construction5) Wi-Fi - though the implementation for selecting a base station is kinda suckky6) Camera is decent and the LED Flash is a nice touch[...] it's actually a pretty solid deal compared to the crap replacement phones T-Mobile and AT&T; will offer you if/when your's breaks. It has a lot of flaws that eventually rendered it a no-go for me, but it might well suit your purposes if you can live with those flaws.

Don't know  why this phone's touch screen died after three weeks of use,turns on but  the screen is blank,the worst part is nokia have'nt established yet the website where we are supposed to fill up the form for some instruction or where we describe the problem so we can send the phone for repair as stated by the warranty,it is a failure more so of the warranty.

entretenido, divertido, su pantalla tactil es muy buena, infinidad de aplicacione y juegos, messenger, facebook, musica, videos, fotos lo tiene todo

This cellphone is just great...the cheapest nokia smartphone ever, lot of applications, love the touchscreen, love it!!

I bought this phone to replace an ancient Nokia phone (probably was purchased in 2002).  I wanted a smallish phone with wifi connectivity and wanted to use it with my t-mobile sim.  I have had this phone for a couple of weeks.  It works great, call quality is better than my old phone, the web browsing works fine for lots of basic things.  I like it a lot.  Some problems with the phone:1.  Sometimes you tap once to do something, other times you need to tap twice.  I can't quite figure out the logic behind this, so I never really know.  Most of the time one tap is enough.  If it does not respond I tap again.  Sometimes you dont know if it really needs two taps or if the first tap was just not recognized by the phone.2.  This phone is not really mac compatible.  I was able to get my music onto it but it was much more labor intensive than syncing my iPod.Of these two, lack of mac compatibility is the most frustrating. I would love to plug my phone into my mac at night and have it sync everything up and charge the phone for me, ready for the next day.  Too bad.UPDATE 5/27/10Just wanted to update my review since I have gotten more used to using the phone.  I have become more acclimated to the phone and it's features and have basically gotten over the learning curve. I still really like the phone.  It really does everything I need.  I was not able to get the email function to work, but use the mobile yahoo mail via the web on the phone which works well, and have configured my work email to shoot a copy of everything to the yahoo account to easily navigate from wherever on my mobile.  Some issues:The phone froze on me once when I tried to end a call by sliding the key lock button instead of hitting the end call icon on the screen.The contacts view from the home screen disappears.  If I turn the phone off and on again it comes back, but a day or so later it will disappear again.  I dont make a lot of calls so this is not much of an issue.Transferring music is still a pain.  I ended up buying an extra charger to keep at work because the phone will kill its battery fairly quickly with regular use.I highly recommend this phone, and just ordered one for a relative.UPDATE 2, 9/1/10This phone got me totally hooked on owning a smartphone, but I kept running into walls.  I was never able to get the email app to work on  my phone, so I needed to check the yahoo mobile site to see if I had mail.  Push email is much better.  I was using the phone with a T-Mobile prepaid account, and they did not offer prepaid data, so I could only use several features if I was in a wifi hotspot.  Many of these are locked down and require you to register to use, which is a pain if you just want to check a movie time or your email.  I finally decided to get a 3g smartphone with a data plan to replace this device. I am a bit sad about that.  I was somewhat disappointed with the software on the 5530, the web browser would mysteriously crash for no reason, the phone would freeze up from time to time when completing a routine task, like ending a call.  I looked into all my options and ended up buying an iPhone 4 with an AT&T; plan.  I miss the calendar and to-do displays on the 5530.  They displayed right on the home screen where it was easy to keep track of my appointments, meetings, reminders, etc.

Excellent phone, super fast smooth transcation. I highly recommend it to anybody.However, I recommend the seller to offer more accessories and cases for it

It's a good product, but comparatively price tag is high. Reason is, when you are getting Nokia 5800 music express with GPS and other good features for $250, why wll you spend $210 for a phone which doesn't have this.

I purchased this phone couple of months back and it does have good features and specification for reasonable price. But after spending 4 months with it, this product is not ready for the prime time. Phone OS has plenty of bugs and it has caused  lots of lost hours in productivity. ( i am already with three firmware upgrades since I purchased the phone)  The time spent in lost productivity is not worth the money or features or functionality.  I had to reformat the phone twice as its contact list got messed up and it refused to boot up. ( I do have backup of contact list that will crash the phone again) Phone's battery got heated up twice and i had to remove it physically from its back to reboot it. The latest problem is with the basic calling functionality and now it refuses to make calls. (The phone shuts down itself while making the call)  The last issue really forced to write this review in the hope that it will save someone's time. I feel, most of the problems are due to buggy OS and it is not ready for prime time yet. I wish I had not purchased the phone. This one is going to junkyard soon.

WiFi connectivity problems - browsing and e-mail inconsistent. Setup and use clunky. When WiFi connected, have to manually establish e-mail connections for each account and queued outbound mail box still doesn't empty. Automatic configuration no help. Decent battery life using Blue Tooth and sound quality adequate but not exceptional. Same Blue Tooth headset used with Motorola phone has noticably better quality. REBATE program is a joke - bought the phone in December '09 and still can't get the promised rebate (as of Aug '10). I don't intend to ever buy or recommend a Nokia product again because of the treatment I've received.

Excellent phone from nokia.Please dont compare with iphone. Some apps work well from the ovi store.Wi-fi works well, Youtube app comes loaded in the phone.Hangs up ocassionally. Battery life of 2 days with average usage. Headphones are nice, could have been better.Touch screen works well. The green key on the bottom left hand side, is less sensitive, needs to be pressed hard sometimes.

Excellent product , feel really good when I am using it.Smart touch phone. Really good for music lovers..Easy to download everything like music, video, photo & all.Looks great & Easy to use.Its really good that I got most of the material free, like data cable, headphone, memory card (4GB).Found minor problem, as back cover is not good enough to fix properly, most of the time sim card ask to send msg (having bug in the software), Sometimes Sim card not be able to read the contact number & hence not be able to display the contact detail on the phone screen.Very light & delicate body case. Front screen is too soft to touch, its not like i-phone who has hard body in front & back too.Very Short Data Cable..keep my cell phone very much near or on the laptop to connect it.

everything went very well after i have used for 1 day and then sth. wrong was happened that on the screen was freeze, i couldnt do anything, i had to take the battery off that i thought it would be help but it was not at all.this made me so unhappy. i contacted amazon and they replaced a new one for me.before i placed the order this item, i have asked so many friends that they are expert about cell phone.they said nokia 5530 is pretty good if we compare w/ nokia 5800, they confirmed that 5530 is better, so i made a decision to get 5530 but after i received the 2nd replacement. there was sth. happened again. everything was stop, only light shew on but could not do anything. i did the same thing to take the battery off. this time was help.i thought there is sth.wrong, then i contacted amazon to resend 5530 but they won't.it was so sad because i really like this item.

I have really enjoyed owning this phone. The massive amount of applications that are available for nokia s60 v5 phones makes it awesome to use. Even stock this phone rules!! At first i was a little disappointed by the screen size. Having owned some touch screen phones. Samsung behold and samsung star. The screens of which are just a little bit wider. But after a couple of days i totally forgot about them. The wifi web surfing is awesome and even tho there is no 3g the edge connection is still actually quite fast. The fact that this phone has flash lite 3 installed while other newer  smart phones have still yet too is another point for nokia. Such as the mytouch or g1 which without completly hacking will not play flash videos on youtube. Of course flash videos over the stock web explorer take sometime to load unless your on wifi. Also the ability to install apps on the memory card instead of only on the phone is another point. :-) There are so many great features on this phone. Take the camera a 3.2 mp that completely destroys my samsungs 5 mp camera both for images and by far for videos. And for those who are social media addicts such as myself well your in luck with the apps available for facebook and twitter. Not to mention some that i don't use.  over all i would say anyone who is looking for a smart phone with a decent price should get this phone. I prefer nokia's os over windows samsung motorola or huwai. Those are all very disappointing compared to nokia's touch screen user interface.  on the downside... Some times while texting i have gotten slightly annoyed with the speed also predictive text if you use numeric keypad instead of qwerty, is good but doesn't offer suggestions on larger words.

it is very good for my budget and also very flexible with wi-fi.. i recommend to others..easy to take photos with 3 MP...
