
I purchased the LG Neon gophone because I wanted to tryout a slider (sideway) phone. I knew the phone would probably not accept my previous SIM Card (purchased in May2010), but I wanted to see how the phone function. Without the SIM Card inserted, the phone menu functions are accessible, and I could change the date&time;, take pictures, access other tool features. If you want to use a previous SIM Card, make sure it is at least 4 months old, in order to have the $50 airtime credited to the previous SIM Card.While the phone is smaller than the Samsung A177, it is heavier. I thought I would like having the larger slideout (sideway) keyboard, but it makes using other functions more difficult. For me, it's not an intuitive phone to use. It's cumbersome switching between portrait and landscape. I do like the camera, and the pictures are more true to colors than with the Samsung A177. I just wish the screen size was larger, like the HTC Tilt2. I prefer the style and feel of the Samsung A177 (similar to blackberry), even with the smaller keyboard.I do like that AT&T; is providing more gophone style options (with airtime credits of 50 USD) for under 100 USD (perferably under 80 USD). For about 30 USD I can afford to tryout different styles. This gives the customer the opportunity to tryout different styles before committing to purchasing the higher price styles (with or without a contract).

If you want a qwerty keyboard on your cell phone but your contract isn't up yet or you're not eligible to get a new free phone from AT&T; like me, you might just enjoy this purchase, like me!I have a post-paid cell phone account with AT&T; and I wanted a qwerty keyboard for easier texting, and I found this great alternative! I was simply buying this as if I'm just buying a phone by itself, and it works! Here are some good things and bad things based on the features: (keep in mind that you're only paying under $100 for a cell phone that has all these features without a contract!)Voice Call Quality:mediocre quality. incoming voice gets muffled a little bit depends on reception. not the best, but will make do.Accessories included:None whatsoever. you get the phone and the charger, period. I'd recommend getting an microSD card for music and picture storage and a bluetooth headphone for musics.Bettery Life:Ridiculously short!! need to charge it every other day under normal use.Bluetooth:pretty good, nothing to complain about here. supports both headset for calls and A2DP for stereo headphones.Touch Screen:This is a joke. this phone has a touch screen, but it is ONLY used for the number keypad, nothing else. you cannot even press the screen for menu options. its cool to go around saying you have a touch screen phone, but for all practical reasons, it is not a touch screen phone.The QWERTY keyboard:Perfect! nothing to say here.The Music Player:Good if you like to shuffle your songs anyway, the shuffle function is perfect. but if you want to find your song, then this music player is really bad. it does not categorize your music files in any way (say by artist, album, folder or what not), it simply shows you all music files on your memory card. it works, but will be a painThe Video Player:Plays back recorded videos fine, but has problems when playing back mpeg4 videos. First off, it only support up to 320x240 encoded mpeg4 files. And even at that low resolution, the video lags. so this phone practically does not have a video player.The Camera:Pretty standard quality for cell phone. No digital zoom at all. pictures taken gets saved onto memory card (if you have one) so you don't need to buy an USB cable to transfer the files to your computer.The video recorder:Highest quality is 320x240. File extension is .3GP. pretty standard cell phone video quality.Included Games:practically none. Demo games allow you to play for about 30 seconds.Customizability:1) Wallpaper: you can use your own pictures, saved in memory card or taken by phone.2) Ringtone: you CAN use your own mp3 music files from the memory card! you just have to crop it short enough to make the file size under 300kb (typically 30-seconds at 64kbps mp3 encoding will be under 300kb)3) Shortcut Keys: Can customize the up, down, left, right soft keys, but cannot customize the center key. it leads you to the media mall which costs money to browse, it does NOT lead you to the main menu!4) Menus: cannot reorder.$50 airtime:The way they do this is, they add the $50 airtime to whichever SIM card you put in when you first turn on this phone. If you're like me, using a post-paid account where you get a bill every month, you wont benefit from this, they will add 150 minutes to your rollover minute counts, but you're better off sliding the new SIM card, get a new account and receive the $50 and download some apps, games, ringtones, or wallpapers to your phone. dont let the $50 go to waste like me.Overall:This is a phone with a lot of great features but all with some considerable amount of flaws. but considering the price you're paying for it, I consider it a steal!

I was extremely excited to recive this phone, it was meant to be a Christmas present for my little sister who's phone had currently began messing up. I recieved this in perfect timing before christmas and it came in the package and in excellent physical conditions, great for texting, BUT HORRIBLE FOR TALKING. This phone came with the defect that the speaker dosen't work, there for you arae unable to hear the person on the other line, unless you have it on speaker phone the whole time, we are now 15 days away from Chirstmas and i am freaking out that the replacement phone turns out the same!!!

this phone is the utmost worst phone ive ever spent my money on. It always freezes, ive had two so I would know, the keyboard locks it sends when you dont want it to.The barttery life is a joke.The touchscreen is only for the numbers and I DO NOT RECCOMEND thisphone, it is a ripoff.infact,ID LIKE A REFUND.

My Sony Ericson phone died (they all do eventually) and so I decided to replace it with this "Go" prepaid phone.  You just swap the sim cards (as others have noted).Overall, the phone is a solid option for someone who wants to have a phone with a qwerty keyboard and not mess with substandard touchscreens (like another GoPhone model...).  I haven't experienced any of the problems others are reporting about, and I have had the phone for almost 1 month.Yes, the phone's processor power is VERY low.  You aren't buying a speed machine here.  You'll need to keep your text message inbox/outbox cleaned out regularly, or you will start to have problems in other areas.  No big deal.I loaded up my microSD chip with about 5gb worth of mp3s, and the phone needs about 1.5 minutes to load up the music player.  The player itself isn't great, but it is functional and you can make playlists or do full random from the library.  There is no search feature on the Go version of the GT365, meaning you can't use the Neon trick to make your own ringtone.  It is one of the defaults, or the cumbersome and expensive Ringtone Store (no).I haven't noticed any problems with voice calling, either outgoing or incoming.  There is the potential for a long delay before the phone begins transmitting the call, but this is due to software problems (bogged down with ten thousand text messages, for instance).The construction is good enough.  It is possible to really slam the slider down when closing the phone, which will eventually cause problems, so be gentle.  The GT365 is pretty small for its type, if a little heavier than most.  Not sure what all those heavy components inside are doing!tl;dr : it will work fine, as long as you keep your texts cleaned out.

I love this phone i order 2 weeks ago i havent had nothing that wouldnt work miss up but it did lock it self when i was playing with the codes on it!!!!!!! dont mess with the CODES i mean really when it says PUK code u probaly would hav 2 get a new sims card!!!!!! But anything besides that i really love this fone it is so awesome!!!! @ da 50.00 artime is true it does add it 2 your account when u create and only a account! u have 2 be new 2  at&t.. u cant have a sims then transer da 50.00 on your old sims card doesnt happen like that but any other bad cons! 2 me none @ i have had this fone for 2 weeks @ hasnt frose on me! and it did shut down and started  random one time but that was one time and only!! but any way what a great price 2 buy i would give a 5* 2 it!!

I think the overall deal is pretty good.  It is cheaper than getting a contract with AT&T, especially if you don't always need 3G access for your laptop, and if use is occassional.  I'm glad I have it.  Unfortunately, the software isn't great, and has to be removed and reinstalled often for it to work.

Cell phone is exactly what I ordered.  Ordered for my 12 year old and she loves it.  Would recommend this item to anyone.

I bought the LG Neon in Aug 2010 at Walmart. This phone was under a $100 and was a GoPhone. However, this phone will drop every other call you make! Picture texts never go though and it is very rare for you to be able to send pictures back. Internet on these phones are horriable as well. I believe people who say this phone is amazing and great are from AT&T. Because if they are using the same phone I am, then it has to be fake or they are reviewing on the wrong phone, very unlikely. Also, if you want to buy this phone, then you must by a personal case online. This phone is out of date and AT&T does not sell anymore cases for this phone. Texting is the only thing good about this phone. I like to feel the buttons when I texted, and it filps, which it cool to me. All in all, do not buy this phone!

I ordered LG Neon thinking it would be a good phone,boy was I wrong. I downloaded a couple of ring tones and put some pictures on my memory card. When I went to download more. it said the phone memory was full. I had it reformatted by customer service rep from the at&t store where I live and even couldn't fix it,so I had to switch phones with my son until I got the phone I have currently. I would not buy this phone at all. It isn't worth the money you pay for it

My son ordered this phone even though the reviews were all over the map.  We ordered and received two phones neither of which worked.  The first phone came with a charger that did not fit the phone and did not charge- rendering the phone useless.  We asked for a replacement and sent back the first phone.  When the second phone arrived, the sim card did not work on the phone.  After a lot of time on the phone we found out that we should have kept the first phone to unlock the second sim card (who knew?).  We then asked to have the first phone mailed back to us, but it was probably already untrackable and they could not send it back.  So now the second  phone was rendered useless.  In frustration, we sent back the second phone and hope to have a full refund.  The Amazon customer service person was very helpful about issuing the return paperwork.  It's a shame because there are some people who received good phones and loved this phone.  Meanwhile, it's taken a month to go through all this and my son has been without a phone.

I really like the phone at first but then it got really imbarassing. There is only touch screen for dailing numbers which I rarely even do so that function was worthless to me. The phone would take very very long to load up and if you didn't wait it will put up this big red WAIT! on your screen. The charger for the phone makes a really annoying high pitch buzz just being plugged in alone. If you want to delete txt messages that also takes forever(a good second per txt)!! when I would talk on the phone for a while my ear would start to hear like battery acid is coming into it(a little exageration but it did hurt). The conversation txt was really bad and too big. Sometimes the speaker on the phone would stop working for a week every month and the back button totally stopped working. Eventually the phone stopped charging and would only last through a 10 sec converstion before dying. The screen gets stractched really easily and would probly need a screen protector. My sister and I both got this phone around the same time and both of them stopped working around the same time before the contract was even up.There are positives to this phone like the camera is really great and it has lots of fun gagets. The video camera is the best i've ever seen for a txting phone. When you get mulitimedia messages including music, picture, and words it displays really nice. you can add lots of people to your canversation.If you do decide to get this phone I would sudjest you don't get it.

i purchased this phone about 6 months ago. it worked well at first. i have never dropped it, gotten it wet or anything like that, but it began to just cut off on its on, especially if i slid open the keyboard. then, when i'd set alarms, it would go off at the appointed time (you could look at the screen and see that the alarm was going off), but there was no sound/vibration to alarm you, even though the sound was on. now, when i call someone, they usually hang up on me, because it connects on their end but takes about 10-15 extra seconds to connect on mine. unless it's a family member that knows how screwy my phone is, the recipient of the phone call gets exasperated saying hello five times and hangs up on me before i can ever hear them. this phone is a piece of crap, and i wish i'd never bought it.

Its a neat phone, works just fine and texting is easy.Does have a short battery life but charges up pretty fast.You do have to watch accidental key hits while screen is active, so have the key pad locked after a few seconds.Bluetooth works and sending text to your computer works also.I use the phone alot and really rely on it.Also camera works good just wish it had a zoom while taking a pic.I could not get a data cable to work.

I have read a bunch of bad reviews of this phone and consequently was very reluctant to buy it, but the large number of features and reasonable price made me take a chance on it. I did not regret buying this phone at all.Pros:- Slide out texting keyboard works great- mp3 and media player works fine(it supposedly plays mp4 video files as well, I have not tried that)- microSD slot, although only supports up to 4GB- Bluetooth, but not for file transfers which limits it a bit- Decent camera- Pretty good utilities and contact list app- Even has a document viewer for pdf's doc's and the like.Cons:- Short battery life (I manage 2-4 days before recharging)- Gives no low battery warning, when the battery runs out it just turns off- Included java games and apps are trialware and uselessI have had no problems with phone functionality, or freezes, or any other problems frequently mentioned. Maybe more recent firmware versions fixed the teething problems of this phone that earlier users experienced. It does have a small lag doing certain things, but you cannot expect supercomputing speeds from a budget phone. All in all a great, flexible, fun little device.

I like the phone. I do a lot of texting. I got it in a very timely fashion. In fact faster by a couple of days then what was said. Keyboard is a bit awkward. Keys in the wrong place, some need to be hit more then once minor stuff like that. I just need to re adjust my keying. Keyboard will lock up if you "delete all" from the in or out box while in the options menu.  Scared me at first.I thought my was phone broken after only a few days but after waiting  a few minutes all came back to normal.  So i just do any deleting from a different menu.I am disappointed that I can not receive pictures.  I can take them with no problem and send them OK but not receive.My biggest complaint, however is not with the phone but with Amazon. The day after I bought it they dropped the price by 50%. That would have saved me about 40/50 bucks. Wish I known that was coming. Didn't know any way to follow up on that either.Overall I still give it 4 stars. Its been 2 months and I used it every day.

It took a bit to adjust to the keypad.  I formerly had an LG VUE and loved the touch-screen.  However, that particular phone malfunctioned multiple times and the screen became unresponsive.  The Neon is a great messaging phone.  The phone sends and receives pic and video messages much quicker than the VUE (which sometimes didn't send image files at all.)  The camera is fine quality for a cell.  The only things I am not crazy about: lack of keypad (unless you slide the phone open) when calling, and no night feature in camera mode (that I can find.)  Otherwise, the phone works well, sound quality is good, etc.  Good product for the price.

I bought this phone 6 months ago and i am now looking to get a new one. It works well for a short time and then the keys begin to die and there is nothing to do to tighten them. The main problem is the keys, after while they die on you and its a pain to call numbers where you have to press other numbers to get the service. Sometimes when you make a call you can't hear the ringing tone and sometimes it also refuses to call or accept texts. This phone has a tendency to freeze as well. The touch screen dialing isn't very good and the touchscreen numeric keypad is worthless for anything but calls. If you use the email app you will always get a little icon that says you have new email even if you don't. i like the wallpaper functions and the full qwerty key pad. I wish I would have waited to buy it instead of paying full price for a phone that lasted 6 months.

This is a good phone, I have had it for over 8 months and it has yet to fail me. For a go phone this is a really nice and good quaitly. Im very picky about phones and I was so sure about the whole no key pad thing and i really like it. Battery last a long time too. Longer than most. Over all I say it was one of the best buys I did.

Starter phone for my child.  There are just enough limits to prevent big money problems and just enough features to introduce cellphone usage.

I had a previous account (phone number) with Verizon that I transferred to my new employer whose cell phone provider is AT&T.;  When I left that company, I wanted to port that number to a GO phone (pre-paid account) with AT&T.;  I spent about two hours on the phone with 2 different divisions of AT&T; getting the number released back to me and verifying there were no issues.  Not once was I told there was an issue with porting a number to a GO phone.  After a couple of days (not too long) I received an email informing me that the number had been released and call to activate the new phone.  I came home from work, and opened the package to charge the phone and obtain the information to actvate the new phone.To my surprise (not really) I was informed that you can't port a number from a post paid account (contract) to a pre-paid account even though it was still with AT&T.;  After talking to AT&T; they informed me that there is nothing they can do and there is nothing they can do from letting this happen again to someone else.Cell phone companies, in general, are totally incompetent and I will never attempt to do business with AT&T; again.  They wasted my time and basically said they will continue to waste other people's time at the expense of losing customers!  Great business plan...morons!

At first glance, this phone isn't bad at all.  The slide-out keyboard works nicely.  The microSD card slot is useful.  The touch screen, while limited, certainly adds a degree of usability.  It's a proprietary connector for power, which is a let down, but that's not even my biggest complaint.The biggest qualm I have with the phone is that half of the time, I cannot hear anyone on a phone call for a good thirty seconds.  That means I have to consistently yell "hello hello hello" so people don't hang up thinking I pocket dialed them.  Also, there is an occasional lag in input.  This is troublesome if you are in a touch-tone menu and need to enter a number to get somewhere.While I initially thought this phone was a much better device than my $30 baseline Nokia go phone, it has such a glaring shortcoming that quite limits its primary use--being a phone.

I purchased the go phone version of this phone after my old phone died because I did not want to pay the $20-30 monthly rate increase for texting and data (which I do not use much) required for all "better" phones.  This is an incredibly cheaply made device and I would check out the reviews for the non go phone version of the GT365 here on Amazon before proceeding (they are not as glowing.)  For me I am kind of stuck with the phone, I need Bluetooth and only 2 go phones have it.My complaints are:1. No way to sync with outlook.  I think this is unbelievable in this day and time.2. The phone has many quirky problems.  Example I left it to charge overnight and apparently it got "Stuck" in the charging cycle as in the morning the battery indicator was not showing completely charged (it does not have a charging indicator) but it was not charging either, so it required me to remove and reinsert the charger into the phone to continue charging.  Also the Bluetooth started trying to pair with other LG devices at work even though the visible setting was off.3. The incoming sound is muffled.4. The design forces you to use a combination of front buttons and the keypad for some functions.5. Ringtones are locked down and AT&T; seems to have "dummied down" the menus for many options.&lt;Added after a few recharges>6. Recharge time is near 4 hours.7. Dropped calls are excessive.  Worst phone I have had for dropped calls.It is going back to LG for service.

This phone is worth the $80 which included a $50 airtime credit.  I have owned it for a month and haven't had any problems.  I bought a 4 gig memory card for it that only cost $10.  The 2mp camera works okay, the pictures are not the greatest.  Looks like they are taken from a phone, but it's handy when you forget to bring a camera. The phone will automatically save the pictures to the memory card, which is then easy to put inside your computer.  There is no need for cables to transfer info.  You can also load pictures and songs from your PC onto your memory card and then use them on your phone. You can then use the phone as a MP3 player while on the go.  I wasn't able to use my songs as ringtones.  There is no option to select it, so you have to buy the ringtones from the online At&t store.  That's really my only complaint.  The phone has a loud ringer which is nice when you put the phone in a pocket or purse.  There is an auto lock function, so you won't be butt dialing anyone!!  The battery life is okay.  I have gone a few days without having to charge it.  For a pay-as-you go phone, it's definitely one of the better ones.

Well, I have to admit that i was very skeptical before recieving this phone. Many people had said this phone was aweful. After a month (give or take) of use, i have found this phone to be WNODERFUL. I have no problems with the battery, and i love the keyboard. The color ( i have a blue one) is absolutly gorgeous!! Amazon was very quick on shipping, and i have no complaints. i have had no problems at all with this phone, and would recomend it to anyone.

Purchased this phone as an upgrade but seriously regret it now.  Half the time my phone won't dial out.  The other half of the time it turns itself off.  Don't waste the money on this phone.

I bought this phone from Amazon at the beginning of this year. Now the speaker doesn't anymore!!! Every time when I play music through its speaker, it sounds terrible, just like cat screaming at midnight!!!This LG GT365 is useless, and I can't contact with Amazon customer service. So I left this review here in order to let them know that I want to exchange my LG garbage cell phone into a new one, for it is still under cover by its warranty!!! But LG customer service let me to contact with Amazon. Both of them kicked me like a ball and treat me like a fool!!!Hope Amazon or LG can solve this problem ASAP!!!

Nice concept, too bad about the invisible lettering on the slide out keypad, the leaking radiation (put it near a set of speakers and be prepared to be amazed), and the fatal flaw, it won't run more than a day without recharging.

replaced a bar type pay as you go phone and wanted better text capability. this phone is great for the price and for a pay as you go option. New is $149 or free with a 2 yr contract which I did NOT want. I want to change phones more often and this worked right out of the box. charged it up, put in my old SIM card, and it uploaded my credit to my existing account. could not have been easier.

I LOVE THIS PHONE!!! I JUST WISH IT WAS ALL TOUCHSCREEN. THE ONLY THING THAT IS, IS THE KEYPAD.BESIDES THAT ISSUE, IT'S GREAT!C.G.

Don't believe the bashing reviews-I've had this phone for almost three years now, and it hasn't worm down at all. Sure, It's not the most tech-savvy phone I would have liked as being a teenager, but it gave me all the things I need-~good battery life, never have had to charge it in less than a week~lots of texting space~it may not go over 4gb, but it's got great media player if you put your music in~never drops calls~touchscreen dialing~QWERTY keyboard for fast texting~flash backgrounds you can useI lost my phone just a week ago, and I bought the same exact phone because I loved it so much. I don't know if the camera actually has zoom, but it's pretty decent. Takes videos, and you can set pictures for your contacts, and well as custom ringtones for each person. It records voice- UNLIKE the HTC freestyle I had originally upgraded to, then accidentily washed it. You can change you vibration feedback levels, and the dial tones. I really do love the flash backgrounds. I can't say anything about emailing and browser since I have it blocked from the internet (apparently i'll get in "trouble").This may not be as tech-ee Droid or an iPhone, but this phone is as sturdy as either!

My sister and I both bought ours about the same time and from the very beginning had issues, although they started minor. First thing I do when I get a new phone- I call someone I know and ask them how I sounded. This phone failed that test, as the other person said I sounded very scratchy and about to lose a signal- I was having strong signals, so I know it wasn't the issue. This never changed.Later on, I found out that my phone somehow unlocked itself and went online. It wasted about $10 of my airtime. I called Support over it and the guy was an absolute sweetheart with me, but couldnt do anything to help me except suggest I get a different phone.I had the phone for less than 6 months and never was much happy about it. Quality of the phone and software was terrible.If you want to save some money (which most gophone users are), then skip this phone and get another one. This is one of AT&T;'s first smartphones, which will use more of your money when you do go online and such (which is why they push the unlimited package on you as soon as you get the phone). If you can bare with that part, then any of the other smartphones will work.

ring ring ring, Hello? awesome phone! i bought it for my friends  on the holidays. they broke it really nicelys.  if i could buy it for them again, i would.  they loved it. great product. aka i have no friends. (i own this phone too, we could hang out?) 732 495 4800

The navigability of this phone is super clumsy. AT&T; masterfully designates the main select key on the outside of the phone to log on to their 'media net,' which will suck up GoPhone account balance quite quickly, not to mention how of much of a nuisance it is to log back off the internet once it is engaged (accidentally hitting this button will cost you 15 cents and 20 seconds - such a cheap scam on the part of AT&T;).My particular Neon will randomly select 30 of my contacts from my AIM list when I log onto the instant messenger - same for MSN IM. None of the other contacts are reachable. What is criminal is that the person I spoke with at tech support could not tell me if that was a limitation of the phone or if it was a malfunction, it was offered to me to come out of pocket for a second one and I could send back my faulty phone (maybe faulty, maybe not, the AT&T; tech did not know, I would just have to find out by getting a second one).Switching to AT&T;'s bargain GoPhone plan from my Verizon plan has proven to be a huge mistake, they have no sense of accountability.

I received the device very quickly. It was easy to set up whether on desktop or laptop. It has a monitor which shows your usage as well. The upside is you can use it anywhere there is a network. The downside is you are not guaranteed to have great reception. I have reached at least three bars in my home alone and as much as four bars in the surrounding area. I live in southwest Louisiana. So depending where you are and the network spots this is a great device.

I had a Samsung Propel, but lost it in December.  I needed a new phone with a qwerty keypad, and the LG Neon seemed like a great bargain.  You can go to your local Wal-Mart and pick this thing up for less than $100, pop in a sim card, and you're ready to go.  Sounds great, right?  But after a few weeks, problems began to emerge.I bought this because I don't need many features.  All I wanted was a phone with which I could make calls and send texts, and I wanted a qwerty keypad.  This one has a somewhat pleasing design, with buttons spaced out nicely.  It also has a touchscreen, but you can only use that to dial numbers, so it's really more of an afterthought.  The Neon seemed to perform just fine for what I needed it to do, at first.  Then I started noticing the problems.It's horribly slow.  For example; you get a text, you slide the phone open to view it, wait about 2 seconds before you can actually do anything, then you push the button to view the text, and wait about another 2 to 3 seconds for the message to appear on the screen. Everything you do on this phone is like this.  The phone is painfully slow.For some reason, the phone would just turn off from time to time.  Not just when it was in my pocket, but often when it was just sitting on a table, with a fully charged battery.  But it should also be noted that this phone is pretty bad about unlocking itself in your pocket.The keypad is a bit frustrating.  It can be really tedious typing punctuations and numbers.  I don't know how to explain this properly, but it's not a problem I've ever had with other phones.  I've just never gotten used to this keypad, and it's such a pain to use numbers and punctuation, that I find myself avoiding typing them whenever possible.In the past week or so, I've been experiencing a new problem: for some reason, when I make a call, I'll dial the number, and then hear silence for about 10 seconds.  Then I hear the person on the other end saying, "hello?  hello?"  This happens every time I make a call now.  My wife said that she picked up the phone a good 5 seconds before she could hear me talking.  I don't know what that's all about.  I've never had this problem with any other phone, but it was this problem that has finally made me decide to get a new phone.Go to your local at&t; dealer, and play around with their display model.  You'll notice that it feels cheaply made.  It is, inside and out.  There are much better phones for the same price.  Samsung makes 2 great phones: the Magnet and the Propel, which are both great, reliable, durable, functioning phones.  I got a deal on my Propel back when I renewed my contract, so I don't know its price, but I do know that you can get a Magnet for about the same price as the Neon, and I would strongly advise anyone looking at the Neon to consider the Magnet.  I've just bought a Motorola Karma, which you can get for about $160 brand new if you buy it online.  That's a good bit more that the Neon, but really, almost anything is better.I would recommend reading reviews from people who have owned the Neon for a little while, as opposed to those who just bought one.  My Neon seemed great at first, but quickly became the worst phone I've ever owned.  I almost wrote a really positive review when I first got this thing, but I'm glad I waited, because I would have misinformed people.Bottom line: this is a cheaply made phone, and there are others in this price range that are much better.

I love this phone.  I had a samsung black jack and couldn't get the most out of that phone for many reasons.  The LG Neon GT365 cell phone was easier to text from because it had a larger keyboard surface.  There haven't been any accidental redials due to inadvertently pressing a key.  The keyboard is hidden under the cover.  The faceplate slides to the side to reveal the keyboard.The only negative that I have to report is with Amazon, not the actual phone.  Unfortunately, once you buy 1 phone, you are not allowed to buy anymore.  I spent 45 minutes with various Amazon customer support personnel trying to be able to purchase a second phone as a Christmas gift for someone.  The Amazon customer service staff (four different people)could not override a software issue that wouldn't allow another phone to be purchased a few weeks after the first purchase.  They even transferred me to their wireless site.  Same problem.  Alas, I was forced to buy it at Walmart.  It's a great deal but it's not really widely available for purchase.  I referred a friend to the site in order to purchase the phone as gifts and he was able to purchase 2.  It's unclear why I was not allowed to purchase 2, but he was.

This is not by far my first phone with At&t; or LG, so since I was satisfied with almost all their product previously owned I figured this one would be much the same....I was wrong.  Though now lasting a year and still functioning, it has many problems.  First off almost every button you hit can and will connect to the internet costing you money or taking your data time.  Second almost every case I have bought for it hits the power button, that despite the key lock on still turns it off.  Third it will not run most apps you can get for it, and won't delete the built in ones that take up space.On the Plus though the battery life on this phone is exceptional.  I can not charge for 3 - 5 days non-talking 24/7.  Just to see though I called a recording and let it be, took 13 hours straight to kill the battery. Texting with this keyboard and quick message button makes it streamlined and easy.All and all I would only give 3 stars total due to small problems.

I bought two of these go phones for family members, and they've been nothing but problems. Freezing up, rebooting often, text messages are slow, calling problems where the person you called can't here you but you can hear them. One phone with these problems is maybe a fluke, two phones with these problems is a bad product.

My daughter has used this phone for about 3 months and loves it. She said the only downside is that it can be "slow" or "choppy" on occasion when typing or receiving a text, but not enough to really bother her. (I should note that she sends and receives hundreds of texts every day!) So, for the price and included air time, it was a good deal!

I use Windows 7, but I believe these problems are also with Vista.  I guess 50-75% of people use one of these operating systems, and the modem does not install on them!  Now I see it is a known issue.  I find it insulting that Novatel would ship such crap.  I mean, they make all those people go through this:Plug the modem into your computer, and nothing happens.  It says that installation software will automatically start up.  It does not.  You can look at the memory stick part of the modem and see install files, but none of them do a blessed thing.So you are frustrated, but figure it's just a matter of getting onto the Internet via Wifi (when you can get to one).  You figure it will be very easy to download the drivers and get the modem up and running.  Nope!  Go to Novatel's site, and it tells you to go to the carrier site for ALL support.  They don't even provide Windows drivers so you can download and install them yourself.  Then you go to Virgin's site and, you guessed it, nothing there!  Call customer support and get talked to by a computer voice for an hour while you are on hold waiting to talk a human.  I hung up.  A simple procedure should not be this difficult and waste so much of the customers' time.  If you don't want to make sure your product works, how easy is it to put some steps on a web page describing how we can fix it ourselves?  Pretty easy.  But they have so little respect for their customers that they expect you to call and wait for them.Terrible.  0 stars.

As a newly graduated college student I rely heavily on my phone for it is my only means of communication (aka I dont have a land line)and I found after a month of usage that when i would call people that they would be able to hear me but i would not be able to hear them. I also found that the phone would freeze up when sliding the keyboard out. i call the company and they sent me a new one and like clockwork the problem began to happen again and this time the new phone was not even in my possession a month. I highly recommend that you look for a different product.

Back in the days of unlimited data plans, I used to use a cellular modem as my only internet connection. When I ceased doing so I greatly missed the freedom of "internet practically anywhere"; where I live hotspots are few and far between. However, there was _no way_ I was going to pony up $60 each and every month for five gigs that I'd only rarely use, and then have to pay huge penalties when I _did_ want to exceed it. While I still curse at the cost per gig and resent that there's no rollover, now at least I can buy however much or little service I want whenever I want it instead of paying an ungodly $60/month for a limited amount of data that can't replace my DSL.The coverage area seems good so far and I had no difficulty with installation on an XP netbook and net-top. The speed is best described as adequate, though I've had serious trouble whenever attempting to stream Netflix.Perfect, no. But livable, until something better comes along. My primary suggestion to the manufacturer is to go to a "mifi" type wireless interface instead of the USB stick so I could use it with an iPhone, etc. I'd have paid more for that ability.

This phone I had purchased was the worst one i have ever owned... I have had a new phone every 8-12 months (I get tired of them very easily)... When you get too many text messages everything starts to freeze, pixelate, wont change position of screen, and at some points, it would restart by its self. My friend also has this same phone, and hers does the same... I take EXCELLENT care of them... I have never once dropped it. It's still in perfect condition, and hers is close too... The touch screen is pretty cool i have to admit... but you can only use it for dialing... Its overall not too horrible [if you have an empty inbox and 100% free memory] but, if you arent using it for texting, and stuff... why would you buy this KEYBOARD phone? I'm going back to blackberry... None of my LG phones have been too good, but this was the worst!

I bought this phone because my samsung Impression broke. This phone is horrible at even the smallest tasks. For one when in landscape mode you can't open a new text message, and when u slide it closed it freezes and messes up. While on the internet you cannot read a new text message. The internet is very slow and not worth the time it takes to get on. The battery life is horrible I will charge it until its full and i send a few text messages and its alreaady down one bar. Horrible phone but what can I ask for when i bought it for 40 dollars at walmart.

First the Phone is good looking, and has a slide out keyboard, works easy ...the phone also has a virtual phone pad, like that!The phones buttons to hang up and get to the virtual are too low positioned to handle while trying to do something single handedly.Next, the Phone has medium reception to high reception,,,, its not the worst like many phones made for here, but the reception could use an upgrade or and antennea booster behind the battery.Also, I used this phone in afghanistan, and had to unlock it because the service would not work , within like three days it was not working again, then i had to go back to the area and re boot the phone and it started to work while many other 14 dollar phones worked like a charm and my expensive fancy piece o junk worked like crap...i think it had something to do with the configuration set up over there too in Khandahar .the locals there would charge and rip off Americans way too much for cell phone unit cards.

I purchased this phone as a Christmas gift to myself since I have AT&T; and I didn't have a qwerty keyboard phone before.  This phone worked flawlessly for the first few months.  I have dropped it twice by accident and it still worked just fine.  After a few months of owning this phone, the phone started messing up.  The phone would turn it self off, would restart itself, and even cut the signal out on it's own out of nowhere, even when my other AT&T; phone had a signal.  The signal would most often cut out when I try to send a text message.  When that happened, I couldn't send another text message unless I rebooted the phone, even if I canceled the sending of the text I tried to send.Another issue with the phone in terms of it rebooting itself, it would most often happen when I try to make a call or if I try to answer a call.I would normally give this phone just a single star, but I gave it 2 because I like the design of the phone.

I bought the phone last year, (may 2010) and recently switched to a new phone and gave the neon to my mom. It's a good phone and it does what it needs to. the phone has cons, just like any other phone, but compared to other reviews, this phone has lasted quite a while. some reviews mention the phone doesn't warn when the battery is low and it just shuts off; mine didn't, it would begin to flash but it would manage to stay on for at least half an hour before it would tell you it was too low to open anything.pros:- surpassed negative reviews? :)- cheap! and basic; good for a first time texter- keyboard is nice and you don't have to go through alot to get to certain symbols- camera isn't too bad- plays music nice and loud- durable phonecons:- dialing is the only touch screen part- a little slow- will unlock itself sometimes and surf the internet since the button for it is in the center- the battery cover is flimsyoverall, it's a decent phone - not the best, but not bad. the prices listed on amazon for the neon are the cheapest i've seen. walmart and target sell it for $80-$100 or so. i don't regret my purchase at all, so this phone is worth checking out.

the phone is pretty good. although the battery life is not as good as i though, i'm a "mild user" and i have to charge the battery at least once every two days.the sound quality for its mp3 player is pretty good, (excellent i might say).all the other features are pretty good also.the only thing i didn't liked, is that on the description it says that this is a touch phone, but it is only for dialing, not more.(sorry for my english, not english native).

I'm on my second 365 my daughter is on her third.  I can tell you without a doubt that the slowness and delay in connecting to outgoing calls is a software bug.  Once I have about 60 text messages in my inbox, if I dial out (to voicemail for example) I get about a 15 second delay of silence before hearing "are you still there" - meaning the connection was made but the phone's mic/speaker isn't active yet.I should give this phone a MINUS 5 stars for having such immature software, but if you delete all your inbox and outbox messages, viola, the delay disappears (sometimes I have had to cycle power after deleteing the messages).  When it works properly it is a nice phone.Other indicators of crappy SW are the fact that sometimes delete ALL messages will leave 2 or 3 and a second delete ALL is required.The random power-off also affected all our phones and I suspect it is SW as well.  It seems to happen most often to me just as texts are sent or received.The minute to two minute delay before my contacts are available after a power-on is another big annoyance - what can this phone possibly be doing for two minutes after power-up that it can't handle making a new call?!My first favorite phone was an LG flip back in the day.  My last VU and this 365 have convinced me to stay clear of ALL LG products in the future.

I bought this phone about a week ago to replace my LG Xenon, which broke. So far, I really like the LG Neon. It's so easy to use, and it isn't loaded with (what I find) unnecessary features. The QWERTY key board is great and a breeze to use.My only complaint is in regards to the camera and picture album. The camera quality is not great. Also, pictures I take are not put at the top of the album and I have to go searching for them. This may be because I have a microSD card in the phone, I don't know. Lastly, the picture album takes a while to load, and scrolling also takes a long time.This phone is not 3G capable, if that's what you are looking for. If you're looking for a hoity-toity phone, pass on the LG Neon.Bottom line is, I got what I was looking for, a user-friendly, simple, and inexpensive phone to use until my contract is up for an upgrade.

This phone is crap. Bought it for $80 for my daughter. She charged it a nothing worked. Went to the store and found out to text you have to close the keyboard and send, then reopen for each text. for $80? Who makes a cell phone like this? Taking it back, losing $35 because its junk.

I have this phone for a little bit over a year now.And I still believe I could stand this phone.PRO:-Love the keyboard! Enjoyed a great time texting!-Pretty neat looking phone, not cheap looking-Easy to work with-A really good choice, IF you are ONLY using it for TEMPORARY-Sound is pretty good for a pre-paid phoneCON:-Wouldn't last PERFECTLY for a year (I GUARANTEE)At first I loved this phone because it was everything I expected, except the vibrate sound scares me, because it sound like this phone  could break anytime!Until about half a year, it started to have some minor glitches. Til about a year, this phone started to turn off or freeze randomly, and when you slide the keyboard, the screen wouldn't turn. That's when I started to regret not listening to these reviews... It's BAD for a reason-Can't use ring tones unless they are less than 17 seconds-Only holds up to 500 Messages, can't use memory card to solve the problemI am a big texter, so it's a pretty big disadvantage-Slowwwwwwww-Locked to ATTYou get signals in other countries, but you can't use SIM cards other that ATTAfter using it for more than a year... In conclusion... In most cases... DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

I got this phone as a gift after my beloved Samsung Propel got wet and started to deteriorate a year before the contract was up.  I loved it at first-- for what the cell phone companies call a "feature phone" (i.e. not a smart phone), it looks very trendy like a more expensive model.  But the problems started almost immediately.This phone has some popular features from nicer phones, but it does not have the memory to put them to use, and its clunky operating system gets in the way.  For example, it has a QWERTY keyboard that slides out the side, and the screen orientation shifts when you open it.  Too bad the phone is so slow there's a noticeable lag when you do this-- I've waited up to 10 seconds for the screen orientation to correct, even when it was brand new.  There's a touch screen, which sounds nice on the list of features, but only for dialing a virtual number pad.  This is kind of nice, but you'll still have to open the phone to search your contacts or to use the physical number pad to navigate voicemail and phone trees.  Buttons are not very responsive...  Except for the function key, which is on a hair trigger.  Expect to look up from a text you were typing quickly to find out that the function key got tripped and you've been scrolling back and forth through your text and typing numbers for the last several seconds.So it has some quirks.  Worse, though, is that this phone is as unreliable as the other reviews say.  I think it's probably a combination of the bad phone and bad AT&T; service (I actually have a separate prepaid phone with Virgin Mobile for use inside my Chicago apartment-- the reception is that bad).  The phone routinely lags when placing a call.  When I call people, it takes several seconds for me to hear them (the phone never rings for me, or makes a dialing noise or anything) and the whole time they're bewildered.  If I call my voicemail, the lag is so long that I don't hear any of the menu text and usually come in about halfway through my first message, then have to use the sideways number pad to indicate I need to listen to it again.  This year-old phone routinely turns itself off-- several times a day-- and is doing so more frequently all the time, often in the middle of a text.  If it has a low battery (which seems to happen randomly, regardless of when I charged it), it will refuse to do anything including place a call.  What if it were an emergency?  What, exactly, is it saving battery for if it won't allow you to use a single function in the meantime?The AT&T; service (under contract) is so bad I already have a separate prepaid phone I use as my home phone.  Now my LG phone has deteriorated so much that I'm shopping for plans elsewhere-- I can no longer carry this phone around even to finish out the contract, and it makes more sense for me to turn my hand-me-down prepaid into my regular phone than to continue to use this.  Honestly, the experience over the last year has been so negative I'd think twice before ever buying an LG phone again.

I'm an ATT prepaid customer and I broke the screenOn my old Neon. I weighed repair vs buying new andI found one like my old one on Amazon with bonusairtime so it was a no brainer. It may not be theGreatest phone but it serves my needs! Thanks Amazon!

This is the second LG Neon GT365 I've purchased and both are being used with an AT&T phone plan and not as prepaid GoPhones.  The first one I purchased for myself at Best Buy in Jan '11 because I needed to replace my broken phone and didn't want to sign another 2 year agreement with AT&T.  When my son's Pantech phone quit working I bought this second one from Amazon for even less than the first one I purchased.  Neither of us has had any problems with our phones.  The BlueTooth works great for transferring images, ringtones, or music but I decided to purchase a USB cable, 4GB SD card (max), and earphone adapter from Amazon.  Transferring is much easier with the USB cable.  The music player is useful when I need to have my phone at the gym but don't want to carry both a phone and iPod.  The disadvantage of the music player is the limited size of a playlist.  I wanted to create a playlist so I could exclude the ringtones from shuffle play but the playlist can only be a few songs.  Another minor complaint is the headphone adapter protruding from the side.  Either the adapter plug should be a right angle or the plug should have been one the top or bottom.  Not a big issue because I didn't really buy it as a music player and as a phone it does what I need.  And don't we all wish all cell phone makers would standardize the port on the phone and the charger?  If you go to an AT&T store and ask about using GoPhones they'll tell you that you'll suffer reception but I've seen no difference at all when using these phones.  I think they just want to sell you a phone with a new agreement.  Sure, smart phone are incredible but I just need a phone and wanted a QWERTY keyboard for text.  Not only do I not want to pay the monthly fees for a smart phone but I also don't want to become one of those people who spend more than half their life looking down at their phone ... but I digress.

I bought this phone for my teenager son primarily for texting. So far so good. My son likes this phone very much. The phone is with him almost 24/7. Amazing!

I bought this phone to replace one I had that wasn't working well.  I need to say though that I do not use this with a gophone plan.  I have a regular family plan with AT&T and of course the customer service will not tell you that you can use a gophone as a replacement.  If you aren't eligible for an upgrade they will tell you that you have to buy one at full price, usually $200 & up.  Gophones work just fine, just don't use the sim card that comes with it, put in the one from your old phone.  It actually has directions inside the package that tells you how to use the gophone with your regular plan, and they credit the $50 airtime as like an extra 150 minutes to your plan.  As far as the phone, I couldn't be happier.  The slide feature is great with the qwerty keyboard and the battery life has been great.  We have three LG phones in our plan and they all use the same chargers, which is very convenient.

When I first got this phone I was in love . It has great graphics , music qualty , nd a full keyboard with a touch screen keypad, BUT!!! what they dont tell you is after 100 text msgs the phone freezes like crazy , the phone has dialing out issues and people have trouble hearing you and calls take forever to connect . So I'm going to return my phone today.

I bought this phone about a month ago to replace another phone I had it was like a blackberry phone but was not one.. I loved it,and still have it but I was bored of it and wanted something smart/newer with video capabilities as well.. at first with these reviews on here,I was back and forth as some were bad an others good..I do not find nothing wrong with this phone,except it does take time to get used to like any other new phone you get.I do find that it is a little slower if you have too many texts in there,so you will need to keep them pretty cleared out.. or yes it will slow down the phone.Id recommend this to anyone looking for a sleek fun phone and more up to date.. I just popped in my sim card and without a problem I was up and running..I used this on a contract plan not a pre paid...so I would recommend if you do use a contract DO NOT use the sim card provided in package when it comes just pop out the sim in your old phone and switch.

I bought this phone back in July after my old phone was damaged and I was in desperate need for a new phone.  Since the first day I had the phone I have had trouble with making calls.  Usually I wouldn't hear the phone ring, but eventually could hear the other person answer or say HELLO HELLO!!!.  After 5-6 months of having the phone I couldn't make calls AT ALL.  I can dail the number but after the person never hears me say anything they always hang up.  I even have trouble calling 611.  So I returned my phone to AT&T on warranty and they sent me a new Neon.  I got this phone in late December and it does the same exact thing!!!! It also reboots while I am on the phone and ends my call.  I haven't had any trouble with either phone being very slow but I do not use the internet on them. This is very upsetting and now that I have read all the other reviews I know that I didn't do anything to the phone, that is just how they are.  I don't care how cheap the phone might be now... DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. You will regret it.

THIS PHONE LOOKS GOOD, BUT IT HAS A MIND OF IT'S OWN. IT WILL TURN ITSELF OFF IN THE MIDDLE OF LISTENING TO MUSIC. ALSO, SOMETIMES TAKE A LONG TIME TO TURN ON. NOT HAPPY AT ALL.

I was concerned after reading some of the reviews, but overall this phone is great for a basic texting device.  Battery life is good and texting is easy.

Most times it's not too hard to find a wi-fi hotspot when traveling, but there are times when I've been without access (such as when visiting my Mom, where my only option is dial-up). But, most wireless broadband options require a monthly fee, which is way too much for me to pay since I need it so infrequently.The pay-as-you-go service from Virgin is an excellent fit for needs such as mine. For $10 you get 100MB of bandwidth, which Virgin estimates will cover about 5 hours of general Web browsing (but only about 25 min for data-heavy tasks such as streaming a video). The $10 lasts for 10 days or 100MB, whichever comes first. Other options are $20 for 250MB, $40 for $600 MB or $60 for 1GB. The $20 and up refills last for 30 days. So, compared with a monthly plan, you're paying a lot per MB. But, if you only need to use it when you're traveling, it's a lot cheaper than a monthly plan.Installation is a snap. Just plug in the modem to a USB port and wait for the install routine to begin. All the software is loaded on the modem so there's nothing to download. Once the software is installed (takes about 3 min) you go through an activation process that takes a couple more minutes, and sets up your account. The activation is a one-time deal, and allows you to put a credit card on file (not mandatory, however) for ease of paying for access.Once activated you're ready to roll. Connection speeds were OK in my home - ranged from 1 to 2 bars out of 4 on the speed meter. Moving closer to a window gave me better speed. Very acceptable for general web browsing and email, but I probably would not be happy with the speed for data-heavy apps. But I just need email and general web services when traveling, so no problems with speed.If your account has a zero balance you get connected automatically with the Virgin site where you can add money to the account. So, no need to call anyone to get access - just log in, select how much you want, and pay for it all online. Once you've paid you have full Internet access. You can also purchase "top-up" cards like you can with their phone service should you not want to use a credit card.It uses the Sprint network, so connection speed/coverage will vary based on where you are.This will also come in handy should my DSL line go down. No need to pay a monthly bill to have a backup option for Internet access! My DSL via Verizon has been very reliable, but everything fails now and again. The Virgin system is cheap insurance that I'll always have access.I also looked at the Verizon pay as you go option, but they wanted $15 for only one day of access.  The Virgin options work better for me since it lasts for a minimum of 10 days (unless you use your bandwith allotment sooner). Verizon does, however, have better coverage. They use the exact same modem as Virgin.The modem also has the ability to act as a USB drive if you buy a micro SD card. I did not, so can't report how that works. I've read in reviews that it works OK, but is farily slow for file transfers. Given how cheap URB drives are, I'll probably not use that feature of the modem.Very pleased!

I got this phone in June of 2010.  I have had no problems with it with the exception that it shuts it self off every once in a while for some reason.  I got an Eddie Bauer belt clip to carry it in and the phone fits perfectly.  The internet isn't that fast, but I didn't buy it for going online.  That's what my IPad is for.  I also have had no problems texting or sending photos.  I have yet to recieve a pic, so I can't comment on that.Overall, I would recommend it to anyone wanting a good cell phone.

I'm totally dissatisfied with the performance of this phone and even more disgusted with the services and price gouging provided by AT&T...;DOUBLE NEGATIVE FIVE STARSDON'T BUY THIS PHONE FOLKS!!!!!!!!!

At first this looked like a nice phone but after having it for several months it has had several problems. Most of the buttons on the front never work and the rest only work some of the time. I have also had problems with the keyboard working properly and I am not a fan of the touch screen on this phone. Overall, it's a very cheap phone that will not last long despite not being put through any abuse.

I had an LG Xenon before this and ATT didn't have this model anymore. Not surprisingly as mine was over 2 yrs old before the battery started to falter (even after replacement of battery). I bought a go phone Zenon, knowing it was a bit more basic than what I had but I was disappointed. It takes me 5x longer to get to my short cuts compared to the XENON and the QUERTY board is difficult to use. I have issues punching the keys and getting the right spelling of words. I guess I don't punch them hard enough...really??!!! They look really smooth, but they're difficult to use.It's ok for a teenager, beginner with the basic features with a bit of sleek added to it, but why does it have to be that difficult to just get your text messages and delete them from your phone? The camera is ok if you just want to take simple pics (like the price of an article at a store), but forget taking pics of people in dark places (no flash), and the resolution is average to poor.

For the price I was not expecting a smart phone and I didn't get one.  But overall this phone is great for the price.  Everything works as expected.

I bought this phone, and it was great and everything then a little less than 3 months the phone decided that it wasnt going to work or anything, i didnt do anything to it, just tried texting people and the screen turned white and hasnt come on since. I was very disappointed in at&t......

I have an AT&T GOPHONE. I had it on auto refill.  I lost over $100 in airtime when the minutes expired.  It was always on AT&T "auto refill" for about two years.  But credit card expired, as all credit cards eventually do.  After 2 years I forgot to log into the AT&T account and update the exp date on the Credit card.  Not that AT&T was in any rush to let me know I can't pay anymore.  But they were kind enough to email that the phone is about to expire.  I login, and bull sheet, I have 2 months before the phone number expires, but over $100 in AIRTIME IS EXPIRED - GONE!!!  I tried customer support - Dialed 611 at 8:38PM Easter time, that's 5:38PM Pacific, or probably the middle of the day in a call center.  No call center.  No one on 611.  Non existant!  Totally automated, no person to talk to.  No way to straighten this out.  Anybody want a FREE Go Phone?  You can pick my garbage pail.

I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter. I was looking for a pre-paid that I could afford. I also wanted to limit her phone time. Prepaid is a good way to go when you only use the phone occasionally , for keeping in contact  for emergencies, and communications/information when you are away from home. This model has just enough features to do the job without requiring you to work through unneeded features.

I was coming from an old 3g i phone. The internet is to slow on that to pay at&t $25 a month for 3g service, so i figure I would get this one and save some money till the new one comes out. This is a silly phone, everything written in the other reviews is true, I should have listened. Silly buttons and screen, sideways for letters and up down for numbers. Very counterintuitive. Price isn't everything.

The phone is reasonable priced but the minutes can start to get expensive. Another option i would consider is the new straight talk, like prepaid there is no contract and for 45 you get unlimited talk and text a month. Its the best deal out there and the service is on the verizon network so is pretty good.

I donno about this seller but this phone is a piece of crap. I bought this phone like 5 months ago. I was so excited to get it. My brother fiance' told me that its crap and i didnt listen and got it anyways. Well i regret it. This phone tends to freeze up, turn on and off by itself, doesnt hold charge. I've only had it for 5 months.It's up to you but i wouldnt recommend this phone.I know of 4 other ppl that had the same problem. This phone is not worth more than $20.

At first this phone was great. i bought it from Best Buy for $100 and was so excited because of the nice features and it hooked up right away. Unfortunately, glitches started happening 6 months after I got the phone. The screen wouldn't lock causing it to call people while it was in my pocket, or hang up on someone that I was talking to. it would also turn off whenever I flipped it open to text someone. I got it switched for another Neon and 3 weeks after i recieved the new one, the same glitches started happening. The phone is great, but only for a little while.

So I was the Aunt that came to rescue this year for my niece for her birthday this year and got her this phone as her first cell phone ever.  I was looking for something where she could take pictures, make calls and text.  This seemed to be the full package and for an affordable price.  But not only can she do those this I mentioned, she can also send voice files through texting and videos she records on the phone through messages also.  I had no idea that this phone had that capability.  So for the price you are getting a good phone.  Now it is not fancy...but this is a good either first phone or a replacement phone if you have to get an iterim phone if your phone broke and you have to wait for an upgrade. :)

I have had this phone for about a week now, and I love it....It has the look and it works GREAT....I love how the picture look's its the best....I think that this phone is one of the best phones that i have ever had...I also would like to say that Amazon is the best, you place a order and they get it to you fast...I wouldn't shop anywere's els...If you are looking for a good phone buy the LG Neon GT365...and shop at Amazon....

this phone is really good. it's easy to access the keyboard and very functional. it comes with a $50 airtime right off the bat. so if you figure that i paid around $80 including the airtime. it's like buying the phone for about $30.  pretty cool thinking right? anyways. buy it!

I previously had the Palm Centro and it broke on me. My contract isn't up, but I needed a phone that I could depend on. My husband suggested I get a good GoPhone. I went to Best Buy and purchased the LG Neon GT365 for $100. At first it was nice, but I've started having problems after only a week. Apparently I text too fast causing it to freeze on me. I would have figured it'd be a good texting phone, but I guess not. Also, I can't hear the phone ring when I am calling someone, even when I am in a flat area with full signal. Sometimes it even mutes the line the first 15 seconds or so. The problems are VERY annoying and frustrating, especially when I'm trying to call my husband (he's in the army and currently out-of-state) or my mom (lives almost 1000 miles away). I'm very disappointed that there are problems with the phone already, and I will go back to Best Buy if they become worse. Everything else works fine, but I really don't think it's worth the price. I realize it is $80 through amazon at the moment, but that's not available in my area.

This is a GREAT phone. It is very nice to have a full qwerty keyboard, and a touch screen for dialing. The other reviews may tell you to stay away due to the phone plan. I find that this plan works very well, and you can choose your type of prepaid plan. This is by far the best "go phone" out there and I recommend it to anyone.

i got this for my teen in dec and she loved it, the extra card is a perk and i got her a new one later when mine broke and ive been usung this one ever since and i love it its simple and to the point for a mom who doesnt need alot

This phone is not working properly.  Most of the time, it does not allow you to make or receive call.  It allows to call 911 (emergency) only.  It is not a full touch screen phone.

I dropped this phone while I was on a roller coaster (not sure at what height) on to tree bark covered ground.  When I recovered the phone, it kept working without any problems, but its battery cover went missing.  I called LG customer service to inquire about purchasing a replacement back cover.  When their phone rang, I had my finger armed and ready to respond to those dreaded automated answering service prompts.  To my surprise, a live person picked up the call within two rings.  He spoke perfect English and was genuinely courteous.  He asked how long I had the phone.  I said two weeks.  He said he will send a replacement cover, no charge, no further questions!Now I am in the market for a high end LCD monitor (IPS type) and a washer/drier set.  After this positive experience, I definitely settled on the LG monitor, and their washer/drier is also at the top of my list.

my daughter bought this phone recently, and she went out and it never left her front pocket. one moment it was perfect next second the screen cracks!

I have had AT&T for years and my phone broke, i still have about 3 months left till i can upgrade. so i ordered this one.  Poped my old sim card in and charged it. Works great.  i love the full keyboard on it. the only draw back is when texting you have ot close to send but no big deal also if you get a text while  tryingto text you have ot close the phone to get the new test. Kind of a pain in the butt but thats all the bad i can say about it. so if your looking for a phone in a bind then this is a good one

The phone itself seems to be ok, but right out of the box it wiped our sim card - actually destroying it and making the data unreadable. I had bought this for my son who is pretty hard on his phones and this looked like a good solution. Other reviewers had said that it worked fine right out of the box. What we have found is the reception is pretty bad - not like others had said. But it is a prepaid phone that we are trying to use as a paid for phone, so there is that. It is just so surprising that the US does not offer good, cheap phones and affordable cell phone service. In El Salvador, you can get a sweet prepaid phone for $11 and recharge it for less than a $1 depending on the deals they have going on. Yes, that is $1 for 30 minutes of long distance to the US. All in all, I would not buy this phone again.

I'm a long-time att customer whose old phone went bad.  Instead of going to the ATT/ripoff artists, I bought this LG Neon GT365 GoPhone.  I swapped my old phone's sim card into this GoPhone, turned it on and WOW!!!  It instantly hooked up with the ATT network and worked perfectly from the beginning.  I received an automated text from ATT that informed me of my existing account being credited with the $50 airtime credit!!!  When I went to my account at att, I found that my device had been updated to this phone and a note was on my account explaining the new credit that had been added to my account.As for the phone itself:  The camera works perfectly; the cell's audio is perfect; the bluetooth works perfectly; the slide-out QWERTY keyboard works really well, even with my big, stubby fingers; the phone and its capabilities are very easy to figure out and use - very intuitive; the battery life is exceptionally good - 3 days between charges; the screen is touch with vibration feedback WHEN YOU DIAL and works really well.  To top it all off, I put in a 2GB microSD card and now can store a gazillion pics and tunes.The thing I can't figure out is the criticism of the battery life that I've read in reviews elsewhere.  I text with my kids and wife constantly, usually with a picture going or coming; I bluetooth constantly; I make loads of calls a day to/from my customers yet I am only charging this phone every three days or so?!?!?  HAH!!!  And when this battery starts going bad, I'll go to the net and pick up a new one for next to nothing - what's so hard about that?My only knock would be the unbelievably cheesy battery/back cover.  It is a really flimsy, cheap, thin piece of molded plastic that took several careful attempts to snap it in place.  That being said, I've had no problems with it since.  Go figure...Lastly - I HIGHLY recommend this LG Neon GT365 GoPhone to anybody and everybody!  And, FYI, Amazon has the lowest price anywhere!  Period!  As to the problems someone else reviewing this product had, I have NEVER had a single problem with ANY product that I bought on Amazon that wasn't quickly and fairly resolved by Amazon or the vendors that sell through them.I highly recommend the phone AND Amazon.com.

My best friend bought this phone as a gophone and after about a month it started going dead after about 5 minutes off of the charger. She even replaced the battery thinking that it had to be that.....nothing. She seriously has to have it hooked to a charger just to be able to use it. I am getting her an unlocked phone for her birthday to replace it. Don't buy this phone!

This phone will shut off randomly. I've gone through 4 of them before deciding to get a cheap gophone until I can get an upgrade. It's slow too so when you turn it back on after it shuts off, you have to wait 30 seconds and then wait for your inbox to load backup so you can read the important messages that your life depends on. There's no reason to get this garbage; buy a different phone instead.

_________________PRO:This telephone appears, at a glance, to be akin to a smart phone, a sort of fusion of an iphone and blackberry.In principle, it's a very primitive version of that._________________CONS:1. But in application, the hardware used in this phone is ridiculously inadequate for the software they installed to carry out the tasks. This leaves the phone agonizingly slow for "smart" tasks like email, instant messaging, browsing the web, et cetera.Worse, the phone is so slow that these problems manifest even if you wish to make a simple phone call:2. Depending on what else the Neon may be doing behind the scenes, it can take it up to 50 seconds simply to load the software that lets you hear the caller on the other end of the line. To you, it's fifty seconds of dead silence...but on the other end, the person you were calling has picked up the phone, said "hello" several times, and hung up on you, wondering what's going on.But wait, there's more:3. Simply opening the phone to access the keyboard takes the phone between two and ten seconds to catch up. Even typing can lag so far behind that you can see it.4. The keyboard, too, is very awkward. The buttons are too flat, don't push easily enough, and the layout is subtly less ergonomic than most other phones with keyboards.5. And don't be fooled by mention of the "touch screen"; it only works for dialing numbers, and even then activating/deactivating it is so awkward that it presents more of a problem than simply opening the keyboard and typing there (which is no easy feat, itself).6. Oh, and as an extra bonus, this phone will occasionally turn off while you are using the keyboard, or opening/closing it. No shutdown process, it just suddenly is black, and must be started back up...and starting up takes between one and three minutes. You will find other reviews mentioning this bug.7. On top of everything else, this phone lacks a feature that would make typing on its awkward keyboard tolerable; it does not have the ability to predict words you are typing, the way most phones do, leaving you to type them all out, manually. Perhaps even LG decided it's too slow to handle that feature._________________SUMMARY:This phone was a wonderful idea...a smartphone-style device for pay-as-you-go customers.But in application, it's actually more trouble than an equally priced non-smartphone, even for "smart" internet tasks.* If you must get a pay-as-you-go, pick a top of the line conventional-style over the Neon. Its "smartphone" features prove even more inadequate. For example, you end up able to type faster on a normal 12 key pad than this horrible "keyboard".* If you are considering this as the cheapest, entry-level smartphone, save up for ANY alternative, or settle for an equally priced non-smartphone, which will end up working better in EVERY way.Don't hold this against LG: It is impressive that they were willing to even try to design this phone, but the hardware is simply inadequate for the phone/internet software and OS they installed on it.

Was facing paying over $100 for another phone, b/c my contract wasn't up yet.  Soooo, replaced old phone with a "go-phone", swapped out the SIM card and away we went.  Got a better phone for the money and didn't have to re-up for another 2 years and pay a high upgrade fee for it!  Happy with the purchase
