
I am very happy with this device. Works perfectly, the keyboard is very good. The software is very easy to use, and the programs run very fast. The applications are very good (quick office, calendar, contacts) and you can sync your devcice with google (address book, calendar) and read your e-mail.I recommend nokia E63.

I bought the phone few days ago on Amazon and got it just 9 days after I ordered it. The phone is good and in reasonable price but it has some minor inconveniences, e.g, I can't change the volume when I use internet radio.

I love the phone. Let's start with that. I don't have much more to add to anyone else's review. Except - while I was futzing around with the phone I discovered it had the Tiger Woods EA golf game. Now, I am pretty technically adept but I had no idea it even came with the phone as you certainly can't find it off any menu. [...]From there I was trying to customize the Short Press Messaging button and as I scrolled through the list of choices (options/change) one of the many many options was this game.If you find any other cool widgets, please post them here.Fore!

I just got this phone on Saturday the 27th of February 2010 and it has been nothing but perfect. I had an iPod touch and it worked ok, I could only sync note to outlook which I don't use and I can't delete music from the device but the nokia e63 is totally opposite, I use it as a flash drive. I can store anything on this phone and transfer it wirelessly to any computer via Bluetooth.  The phone is the perfect price at just $189 it is really affordable, the camera loads with in 3 seconds and takes great pictures for 2 megapixels. The email app was amazingly easy to setup and use. This is a great phone, it's not flashy at all and it works great. It's the perfect phone

This is my first smart phone. At first i was going to purchase a Blackberry 8520 from at&t.; I saw this phone was much cheaper and did research. i learned that the phones operating system, Symbian OS is the mos used smart phone OS in the world. It had the same features as the BB 8520 minus the touchpad.I purchased this phone and after receiving it in 2 days I went to the at&t; store to purchase a SIM card. I bought a 25cent per min. prepaid card and activated 200 messages for $5. (There are other pacages including unlimited messaging.)I was surprised by the number of apps for an OS i had never heard of. The Ovi store by Nokia had many, but the internet had more Symbian OS apps.Here are the Most useful apps not included. (free)1. Skype MobileSkype Mobile offers all the features of Skype on Your phone. This includes SkypeIn and SkypeOut. SkypeIn allows you to purchase an online number so anybody cann call your skype account. SkypeOut allows You to call anybody. Together these only cost $5.5 per month and they give you unlimited minutes(In a wifi area or with Carrier Data) It can also be used anywhere in the world.Let's say I'm located in Omaha with a 402 area code. My friends all live in Omaha and can call me on that number for free. I'm going on a business trip to Shanghai and the international rates are too high. When I open Skype on my phone my family and friends can call my Skype 402 number for free and I'll pick up in China for free also. (very useful)2.Google AppThe google app package for mobile gives you an app that searches google by voice or text. It comes with Youtube, orcut, picassa and best of all Google Maps.Google Maps allows your to use google maps anywhere(in wifi zones or with carrier data) You can press 0 and the map will center on where you are located based on  mobile tower triangulation(similar to GPS)or using wifi triangulation. It is usually accurate within 300meters and is very useful. If you have a google account you can use latitude. Latitude uses your location to tell your friends using latitude where you are. This means if your best friend is at Walmart you can see this and meet him there. There are settings if you don't want to be found. If your mom wants to see where you are, but doesn't have google on her phone, she can get latitude for her igoogle account.3. Opera Mobile BrowserOpera Mobile is a browser that can display webpages as they are displayed on a computer. It boasts tabbed browsing and multiple settings. The Beta VErsion comes with Asian Language Support meaning you can read Chinese characters and other Asian languages.The apps preloaded are useful too. Nokia messaging email is perhaps the most useful. It has the ability to check up to 10 mailboxes for mail all in one app. That way you can check your home and work email together easily.The phone its self is good. The battery life is O.K. The flash for the camera is very useful. The phone can run multiple apps simultaneously. Some people have complained about their phone restarting randomly. This happened a few times, but i think it is because of the RAM being overloaded.The homescreen is very well organized and you can have two separate homescreens (work and Personal) using the switchmode button.Because this phone is unlocked you can use it with any SIM card. That means I can use my at&t; card in Omaha, my t-mobile card in Detroit and my China mobile card in Shanghai and Beijing. The great thing is that when i got china and get a new SIM card, i can keep all my contacts on my phone so i can call home.Overall this phone is a very good smartphone for the money. It is a great buy and unlocked it is very useful.

This phone does everything that it says it will do.  It works great and has a wonderful battery life that lets me use it the entire day and still have a little bit of juice left.  I really like that I don't have to have a data plan to be able to use the internet and other features that would require me paying a large monthly fee.  The wi-fi works great and has amazing speeds.  Top class phone.

this a wonderful phone......strength of nokias and very verasitile....calls sound great and software works almost flawlesly.... Some could be twaeked somewhat like the voice recognition which takes a bit of getting used to... However a overall great phone and though it lacks some of the extreemities of its bigger brother (e71) both phones are pretty much the exact same

Unlike the E71-2 which supports "HSDPA class 6, maximum speed 3.6 Mbps/384 kbps (DL/UL)" this (the E63-2)  supports "WCDMA 900/2100 or 850/1900 or 850/2100, maximum speed 384/384 kbps". So, if you have ATT HSDPA in your area you will not be able to take advantage of it, max download speeds 90% lower than the E71-2.I respectfully suggest getting the specs directly from the Nokia web site for any phone of interest, rather than relying on the marketing dept.'s ad copy. Cheers.

I've had this phone for two weeks now and after a minor learning curve with Nokia's Symbian operating system, I must say I'm very impressed. For $200 and no contract, this is an excellent deal.First off, it looks gorgeous (I have the ultramarine blue) and feels great in the hand with the slightly rubbery plastic case. The display, though smallish, is beautiful and while it's not a touchscreen, it's very easy to move around the various menus with the D-pad.Connectivity is great and the phone always offers different ways of getting on-line. Wi-fi, T-Zones (I use T-Mobile) and Edge all work seamlessly. The phone, in most applications, will ask how you want to connect. The phone supports G3 on ATT's network, but not on T-Mobiles.All the usual functionality is there: great email support, various messaging protocols, calendar, nice media player, decent camera, Bluetooth, App Store, Google Maps (no satellite GPS, just cell tower triangulation), very nice web browser, movie player and a ton of stuff I haven't figured out yet.I highly recommend this phone. If you already have ATT or T-Mobile service, it's a no-brainer in the unlocked smartphone realm.

I needed a phone.  I have never owned a nokia before.  I have owned mororolas, which I have been very happy with, and a blackberry.  I thought that this phone was reasonably priced for what it said it could do.  I am disappointed with the phone.  My contacts would not come over with the sim card.  I had to use the bluetooth device and send them over individually manually.  Next, I am not into the games and synchronisation of my outlook or anything like that, but I do not find the screen userfriendly.  The phone's navigation is a nightmare and after four days' trial with the phone I still cannot get it 'personalised'.  I cannot get my home screen to display the icons that I would like it to. I was able to navigate the blackberry and motorola easily without the manual.  The motorola phone I have is still working even though the phone fell and the back came loose.In summary, I prefer the Blackberry or motorola for e-mail retrieval and synchronisation of outlook.

This cell phone is excellent.  The quality of the reception is verry good. The camera is very good. The screen is clear and I do not have any problem reading the emails.

have owned this phone three weeks. consider myself fairly technologically astute, a quick study, willing to invest the time to play and learn. the phone itself is physically pleasing, visually and ergonomically, but the menus and OS are some of the most convoluted and user unfriendly i've encountered in any gadget. tie-ins with nokia account and ovi files are hopeless. by the time you create user names and passwords, get their emails which direct you somewhere else-then figure out the dif between the pc suite and ovi suite, only to be told 'before doing this, download the latest software update for your device', with no link or indication of how to do that..then get a text to your device which leads nowhere...download tons of programs to the 'puter then sync it up with the device...almost always hitting an impenetrable snag... it is a all hopeless and disconnected mishmash...i've had at least six emails from nokia/ovi in my inbox for weeks, proceed to their links describing all the ways i can sync up my phone and 'puter and downloads i can use and in spite of great effort have nothing but wasted time and frustration to show for it...everything's a wind-up and dead end...have never seen so much offered (multiple map systems, messaging and email aps all overlapping and confusing...with charges accruing for every little cul de sac and dead end maneuver you investigate...whole point of this phone for me was the no contract ability to tap into internet on free wifi...but this has been a complete failure everywhere except my own home...it's located and identified in other places but a box always comes up asking for pre-shared WEP or WAN codes before proceeding...sorting things out in the phone's menus and options is so convoluted and anti-intuitive that in spite of hours of experimentation the past two weeks i've almost nothing to show for it...on the plus side i have purchased the otter cover (nice) and cable and memory card, put a little music on it, the intranet and internet radio are nice...call quality is middling...and to wrap up the manual is a hundred and twenty pages of almost unlimited things you can do with this marvelous device...ninety nine and a half percent of which the average (or above) person will never figure out...you will watch the iphone commercials and drool at the beauty and simplicity missing on this device...but hey whatdaya want for a buck twenty...?

This is an economy and powerful 3G phone even it doesn't supply the best 3G functions comparing with new models (E71, E72), we actually don't need that many functions, most of cases we need a phone with reasonable price and reliable functions, this is the one better than most of US phones.

I used Nokia E71 and E71X. It was water damaged so I found this phone on Amazon.I loved E71 and I love this.

Purchased the phone a few weeks ago for my son. Has been very well accepted. All features work great.

I love my cellular one, it works perfectly well, it operates with the different bands gsm of my country, I recommend it 100%

This is a great product, a lot of value for your money. It keeps ups with all of your business tasks and brings you entertainment when needed. Too bad it doesn't have a GPS, but for the price it's OK.This is a great purchase, I recommend it.

The Nokia E63 is one of my best phones that I ever owned. Everything about this phone is just perfect, starting from the price to the performance. Anyone interested in buying this phone I have nothing to say, but just go right ahead.

paid $150 after the rebate.  great phone for the price.  comes with Facebook app, myspace app, and ability to view youtube app.  It was easy to set up having your emails from gmail and yahoo forwarded to the phone.  dropped it a couple of times already and still working fine.  when wi-fi is available i surf the net that way and the phone is very fast. disappointed T-mobile does not offer this phone or one like it, not a big fan of blackberry.  was in Ecuador and i used a local chip with this phone and it worked fine.

great phone, made in finland, really unlocked and really quad band, long battery life, robbust materials and the best part is on the wifi reception the internal antenna is a high range one. dont disappoint cell phone.

I bought this phone because of the SIP Phone features, since there's no other cellphone to support Internet Calls. It just doesn't work.  The configuration doesn't work at all. I have a friend who has the exact E63 model and it does work.  Is not this particular phone because I asked the retailer to send another one and the new one, also, didn't work.So, if you're buying this phone for the Internet Calls feature, you're totally throwing your money away.Other than that, the phone is ok.  It freezes for 5 seconds after each call, I dont know why.. but that small defect drives me crazy because if im in a hurry to call someone it just freezes and i have to wait until whenever its ready again to recognize the keyboard.Camera and Video, SMS, regular calls and the rest of the stuff works just fine.

I recently purchased this phone (in black) from a non-Amazon seller. The phone certainly has a lot of features. One thing I had trouble with was connecting to wi-fi networks with WPA2 encryption. When I changed my home router's encryption to WPA, it worked fine. A very good value for this phone. Of course, if you need something better, there is always the E71/E72 or Omnia 2 or something, but this phone does the job for me.

I am a big fan of Nokia. I own a N95 and I got this phone for my sister. She loves it. My personal views regarding this phone is that it's equal to a N95 with respect to all functions except a 5 MP camera. However, E63 is much better and easy to operate and texting.The phone arrived in perfect shape consistent as  described by the seller in product description. Thank youThis is one of the best Nokia products and I'd highly recommend it.

This a really good smart phone with a great price. It has the same OS as the E71. The main diferences are: 2 MP vs 3 MP in the E71, No GPS, no front camara. The E71 is made of steel and this phone has a really soft to touch plastic in blue or red, the blue color is really nice. But for the price you get a really good smart phone that has Wifi and all you need to take your office in the road..

un telefono de excelente calidad, lo recomiendo ampliamente, igual al vendedor responsable, todo en perfecto estado. trajo todos sus accesorios

i am on tmobile and had a dash for about 2 and a half years before the e63.  i did not want to go on contract for 2 more years but wanted to keep my relatively low priced voice and data plan.  i strongly considered the bb 8900, but i think a d pad is more reliable than a trackball. as for the 3g dash or other wm phone, i am tired of waiting for windows mobile to improve.  i do not care about 3g since i need a phone primarily for business usage and want battery endurance for mostly pda and call functions.i have had the e63 for several weeks and am very happy with this phone. compared to the dash, the e63 runs faster, nicer screen, better reception for both voice and data.since my internet provider does not work with the nokia messaging service, i set up a gmail account for the nokia service to forward my pop email accounts.bluetooth connectivity works well.for me, multimedia functions are lagniape and work fine.  youtube (latest update), preloaded internet radio and mp3 look and sound surprisingly well with my headphones or an audio cable to my car's speakers.  mundu provides additional internet radio. i also recommend google maps, opera mini, skyfire, and neoreader (someday the us will use this more).modem/tethering gets 3x faster throughput than the dash, better than dsl.reception/bars/sound quality on both ends are much better than the dash.  tmobile does not have the best coverage, and black hole areas are still black holes--my job takes me to many rural areas.  however, the e63 has better reception overall than the dash--the black holes are a little smaller.volume could be a little louder but is adequate.  speakerphone is a little weak, but i do not really use this function.it did take me a while to learn the menus; but after a few weeks, i navigate pretty quickly.  after a learning curve, i am much happier with the e63 than the dash.

Product arrived ahead of schedule and as advertised.  Has great features like wi-fi and keyboard that is good for texting.

I received my phone on time in excellent condition. The box contained everything expected, and the phone was unlocked, as you said in the promotion. Good service and very good product!But after three months of use my phone lost two keys (Chr,Ctrl)on the keyboard .. which I had to change again and it lost keys again, this time the center key, the key on / off and "p". Nokia should think about improving the layout of the keyboard keys to ensure a durable and resistant to the frequent use should have this type of equipment.

I bought this phone to replace an older Blackberry 8700, and it has been a very pleasant surprise.Physically the phone is light, thinnish, and feels good in the hand. The back is easy to open/close, and the build quality is high. Feels solid in the hand. I rather like the lack of external buttons and sliders. Once I got used to how to adjust the volume, left/right on the trackpad, I don't even think about it any more.Starting at the top, the screen is very good to excellent, with the only drawback being lessened readability in bright sunlight. Colors vivid, text crisp (especially important for my old eyes). Keyboard very functional, the smallish rounded-top keys work well with my fat fingers. It's not a Blackberry keyboard though. My main complaint with the keyboard is that the 'function' key in the lower left is an odd shape due to the rounded shape of the lower left side of the phone. I sometimes hit it rather than SHIFT, and vice versa. But a very minor complaint.  Speaker very robust and clear, call quality is great, and speakerphone very loud. Battery life is very good for a 3G phone, and I get 2 - 2 1/2 days of use easily, but in practice leave the phone tethered to a charger at night. I do dislike the fact that even this newish phone uses a proprietary charging and sync cable, and the power cannot be used to sync. I've had quite a few Nokia phones over the years (and even lived in Finland for about five years), so I have a nice museum of discarded chargers and sync cables. Why not use mini-USB or micro-USB?3G service (North American 3G only on this E63-2 model) is excellent here in New Mexico, very seldom do I fall back to EDGE or GSM. Good call quality, very few dropped calls.Software. Since I bought the phone unlocked (SIM-free), not a lot of crapware/bloatware was present. Email was a breeze to set up, but I will say that BB email is far superior.  Syncing to my desktops and laptops is a no-brainer using Bluetooth. I'm primarily a Mac user, so I use iSync with a Nokia add-on to sync calendar and address book. Software updates are not over-the-air (OTA) for this model, so I bought yet another nokia cable to update the firmware/os. And, of course the nokia update is/was windows-only, so I did the update from a netbook running windows7.  Media software is pretty good, but it's not an iPhone.On-going costs: I bought the phone unlocked, and use AT&T; GoPhone PAYG (pay as you go) service, plus a data plan. $100 voice service is valid for a year (and can be topped-off/extended and the amount rolls-over), and the $19.99 for 100MB monthly data plan 'rolls over' if extended within the 30 days. A secret:  Buy 100 MB initially, and then extend it with the $4.99 1MB plan if you're not using it all. This continues the roll-over process. AT&T; only allows 300MB in reserve, so I did a couple months of $19.99 to get the MB up, and now add $4.99 monthly. Point of this: the Nokia email client is very data efficient, I can't use the entire amount of data on the plan, even when I try. Adding light browsing a few times a day (facebook, googling, etc;) is hardly noticeable. I don't do massive music downloads or apps downloads, so, your mileage may vary depending on your usage. I add videos and/or music from my computer directly to the phone via micro-SD card. Anyway ...All in all, for the price (around $225 at the time), this is a great deal! An excellent, solidly-built phone, a superior screen and keyboard, trackpad (rather than trackball), and, great call reception and quality - this is, after all, a mobile phone.  I like this phone so much, in fact, that I bought a second for international travel, the E63-1 with 3G for 'the rest of the world.'

Its a good phone, it arrived in very good condition. I have been using it for 2 months and  I have no complaints. I live in the Republic of  Panama and I had any problem activating the Nokia, By being unlocked from the start, the phone is completely umbranded, and have complete access to all of the settings that most providers will restrict you from changing.

my godmother bought me this phone as a gift. and since i needed an unlocked phone because i like to use it in my home country too during vacations. i picked the E63. at first i had a hard time coz of the keypad (my first full qwerty phone) but i got used to it. the keypad, though small, is smooth which helps me easily glide whenever i text. i love when i don't have to get my laptop and use this instead when i wanna check my yahoo messages and news. it's also slim and handy even though i have small hands. music quality is superb.the only thing i don't like about it this phone is during calls. the one i'm talking with is having a hard time hearing me saying i am too far away. so i have to use my hands and do a concave shape and then cover my mouth (hope you get the picture, it's hard to explain. english is not my native tongue). so that the sound is sort of sealed and gathered. also, i play music a lot. and the volume buttons are not on the side (w/c most phones have) so its a bit hassle to adjust the volume because you have to unlock key and then go to player.but over all i love it and i recommend it if you seek practical, handy phone.

There are major issues when syncing Contacts with Outlook.  When Outlook data is transferred to the Nokia, a great deal of the data shows up in off-the-wall places (and some doesn't show up at all).  I've found no way to do an initial field mapping to assure data populates in the correct fields when doing a sync.  User Manual is sketchy.If entering phone numbers directly in to the phone, it seems that there is no way to separate the 10-digit string using either hyphens or parantheses.  Not a huge problem, but annoying.

This phone is wonderful!!!!The audio quility is crisp and clear.The phone is easy to use and, it is sleek, light and sporty. It is also hardy and for someone like me who travels a great deal, it simplifies life.It has exceeded my expectations and I'm glad I bought this phone!!!!!!

I got this smartphone in color black from somewhere else as a bundle with the bluetooth headset when it first came out.AestheticsPersonally, I prefer the black tone color of the body then the red/blue. It makes it look professional and less of a "candy bar." The whole exterior casing of the phone is soft and siliconed, unlike Nokia's E71's metal casing. In terms of thickness, sure, the E63 model is slightly thicker than E71.FeaturesThis phone lacks an internal GPS, has a 3.5mm stereo headphone jack, has an ambient light sensor (turns on keyboard light when lighting is dim/dark), has a voice recorder, calendar, Wi-fi capable, and lacks a volume rocker control on the side. It would have been great if you can control the volume without entering through the menu on the phone.FunctionalityLike all smartphones, it has a full QWERTY keyboard and the keys feel just right when pressed (keys are raised with hard texture), although the space bar is quite small. What's so great about this E series is that it is cheaper than the E71 and offers similar functionality (sans the GPS) of the E71.Currently, the purchase of this phone includes Nokia Mail (a free service), which is similar to Blackberry Mail where mail is pushed directly to the phone within minutes of receiving new mail). Setup for mail works flawlessly with Gmail and other 3rd party IMAP accounts. However, the phone came with the old version of Nokia Mail (doesn't download whole email messages automatically; only fetches mail headers), so you will need to manually download the new version of Nokia Mail in the OVI store.ApplicationsThe Novia OVI store is accessible for this phone and you can download free apps and purchase premium apps conveniently on your phone. You can also download OVI free maps for this phone even though it lacks a GPS. Just make sure to upgrade to the latest phone's firmware via Nokia OVI suite for PC on your computer. Some must-have apps include Google Mobile, Google Maps, and Opera Mini internet browser.CompatibilityThis phone works on AT&T;'s 3G network and T-Mobile's EDGE network only. Just to clarify for newcomers, this phone will not work on Verizon and Sprint networks.AccessoriesTwo things that didn't come included were a micro sdhc memory card and a microusb connecting cable, the cable which can be easily purchased for about $5. (I would have given 5 stars if it came with the cable at least).Overall, this Nokia smartphone is economically priced for a smartphone that offers a bunch of features.

6 Month Review - Update (12/21/09)I've had this phone for just about 6 mos now and now I'm ready to write a final review.There are plenty of comprehensive reviews already on the internet for this phone, so I am going to give a short and sweet real-life review of this phone about things care about the most:Reception:  My old phone had 0-3 bars throughout my house with frequent dropped calls.  This phone has 4-5 bars constantly and never drops a call (both with same carrier).  Nokia phones are rightfully famous for having the best reception and you will not have reception problems as long as coverage is available in your area.  AT&T; doesn't have the best reception everywhere and don't blame the phone but the carrier if you aren't getting reception.  AT&T; suffers badly underground, between lots of tall buildings and in many rural areas.Battery Life:  If you are playing music, watching movies, using data/bluetooth, and other battery draining tasks...don't expect for it to last more than 3-4 hours.  But if you do some data, some multimedia, some texting and about an hour of voice a day...the battery can last about 3 days.  If you are a casual user, it can last you a week.  Spare batteries are about $15 on ebay, just buy an extra one and swap out when needed.  Additional travel and car chargers are awfully cheap too...around $5.  Even though the battery cell is made in china, it is high quality.Software:  Symbian S60 interface isn't the best, but it's powerful and you have good multi-tasking capabilities, unlike many other smartphones.  There are lots of apps out there, although not may too many good free ones.  Nokia's Ovi App Store is live now and this phone connects to it just fine.  Recently a Facebook app became available (a lot worse than iphone version), still no Yelp app, and no official Twitter app (but the freeware TweetS60 and other not-free apps like Twibble are nice).  It comes with just Tiger Woods Golf for gaming but many Soduku, Bejeweled, Chess, etc games are available.The built-in browser leaves a lot of features to be desired (but it is a full web browser) but pages that don't work so well, works fine in Opera Mini or Mobile.  A limited version of Flash is included.Keyboard/Features:  The keyboard (also found on the E71) is the best among all smartphones IMO.  I've used the Blackberry Curve 8900, and this Nokia phone is much easier to type on.  It's predictive text feature makes sending e-mails a cinch and the Push e-mail works well with gmail and hotmail.  This phone lacks GPS, but A-GPS through Google Maps is adequate for most.Screen:  Not quite as good as the Blackberry Curve 8900, but still great.  Display is crisp for all uses and Youtube videos come out respectfully.  Hopefully Nokia soon offers OLED models.Etc:  Wi-Fi works great (far better wi-fi reception than the Curve 8900), this phone supports AT&T; 3G (Curve 8900 only supports EDGE) and downloads are speedy on both.  It does not support 3.5G that the Nokia E71x and Blackberry Bold supports.What is Bad?:  Phone occasionally crashes and reboots (largely fixed with newer firmware), built-in camera is lousy in quality but functional, no side volume control button, Lack of free apps available on Nokia Ovi Store.  Lot of people have said Nokia tech support sucks, but I have never needed to call or write them.This phone is A-Okay!The recently available 4.0 firmware upgrade adds a brand new version of Nokia Mail (which makes it much more comparable to blackberry e-mail), and comes with Chat (which allows you to use Google Chat, Ovi Chat, MSN Messaging and Yahoo IM (but no AOL Instant Messenger).  Push e-mail can be spotty at times (but mostly due to AT&T; Packet Data dying from time to time).  This firmware has also resolved most issues with phone freezing or rebooting by itself and works faster.  Recent updates to Google Maps and Opera Mini will enhance the device's capabilities.  Nokia is good about upgrading firmware periodically.  Unlike iPhone, upgrading the firmware will delete your entire phone, so you do need to do a complete back-up.

If you don't want to re-up your contract or if you are just looking to replace your current phone, this phone is great for messaging, gets great reception and has lots of fun features to play around with. I use this phone mainly for messaging and email and find that the keyboard is very easy to use and the screen is a good size for reading messages you receive. The only complaint that I have is that there isn't a way to adjust the volume easily while you are talking on the phone because they removed the side volume bar. Other than that, this phone is wonderful!!

I bought this for my Daddy who is now living in Monrovia, Liberia, West Africa. He had problems with the battery dying in all his old phones and it was almost impossible to reach him. I got him this phone since the battery doesn't need charging as often and also it is in blue, his favorite color. He is 69 years old and although he is not a techy, he is enjoying learning how to use the various features on this phone.

I specially like the key board size of the phone. I have big thumbs and I do not get well with touch screen, and that's the reason i tried to find a full key board phone.Good quality phone with reasonable price. You get what you paid for.

I thought since reading the reviews as I always do and how some compared this model to its more expensive big brother, I would come out ahead and finally get back into the semi high end smart phone arena. I was wrong.From the very beginning it was quirky. I'm not one to pack an electronic device right up and send it back, but within a few weeks I really thought about it and knew I couldnt ever get stuck with this long term...so back it went.Couple things really got on my nerves. First of all the audio was horrible and very low when receiving calls. I was not able to increase the audio to an acceptable level whatsoever. It hadn't occured with my prior phone. I was talking to the same people as before and it was bad with Nokia E63.Another defect was the bluetooth. It would drop out for no reason even using two different headsets. I never had that happen. Its one thing not to make an actual connection when you turn on a second device and expecting the headset and phone to connect, but the E63 would drop out after it was already connected and in time, more often.Lets not forget dropped calls which my present Motorola wouldnt do with my provider. The Nokia E63 was horrible and I had more calls dropped with it than I've ever had in all the years I've used a cellphone.Having been a Nokia I thought it was a great buy, but its a no frills lemon.

This is a great smartphone. It doesn't cost that much and you receive a prety good smartphone. The only complain I have so far is the 2 MP camera, but it is ok for a phone. The wi-fi connectivity is very quick. It does not come with the micro-usb cable, but it cost about $2 in amazon (plus S&H), so it does not represent a problem. It is a dual phone (GSM and 3G) and it has a very good reception. It has applications such as Facebook, MySpace, YouTube, etc. and they all work fine. It's easy to setup an email account and check your email on your phone. I think this is a very good deal. I recommend it very much.

This is my first smartphone and loving it since it was delivered.  It's very intuitive to use and has a good long battery life.  Excellent value for money for an compact, unlocked, stylish smartphone.

I bought this one after my wife had already used Nokia E71 for good 6 months. I was planning to buy the same one for my self when I saw this deal and after reading reviews and going through its specs at various websites, ordered it. Needless to say I was not disappointed. It is a great business phone. My emails work like magic and I do not have to bother connecting to internet everytime I need to check mail. The keys are better than the ones on E71. It has the looks as well as the functionality of E71 but costs much less. Highly recommended. The best upgrade for any basic phone user. CHEERS!!

no GPS, average camera quality,a little bit of volume problem , but it makes up for it in others like WiFi...

Ok... I was fully satisfied with my newly purchased Nokia E-63. Although I wished it could come with a Memory stick and a data cable. Overall the phone works just fine, and was all new.

I have been using this cell phone for the past couple of days and I have to say that I am really impressed!  Previously I owned an SE P1i --> Nokia N82 --> E63.  I chose the e63 because I am a heavy texter and the n82 T9 just wasn't cutting it.  I looked at the e71 but since I am on t-mobile and already have an external gps I opted against it (although I still think it is a much nicer phone!).Anyway, having used 2 different symbian s60 devices I can say that the e63 is much improved over the n82 in many ways.  For starters everything on the e63 just seems snappier.  For some reason even though the n82 has a faster processor it is much slower.Secondly the build quality on the E-series is so much better than the N series.  I have seen several E series and N series phones and the E series always feels much more solid.  The n82 which was around $300 when I bought it had such poor build quality I almost returned it.  Although this may not matter...my E63 was built in finland while my n82 was built in china.  The keyboard on the E63 is good but not great.The keyboard on the p1i (which is the best I have ever used on a candy bar) is light years ahead of the E63 but then again i think that the E63 is light years ahead of the palm treo so take it as you will.  The thing that I don't like about the E63 keyboard is that it is a little "soft".  i like my keys nice and clicky so that I know when I've pressed them.Software on the E63 is really solid.  Everything "just works".  The menu system on all symbian systems is a little confusing though and will take a while to get used to.  Its a little annoying to have to break out the instruction manual to look up something but I'll live with it.All in all this is a ridiculous deal for a phone that costs less than many carrier subsidized phones.  If you are looking for a smartphone and don't need 3g or gps I think it would be hard to find a better phone than the e63.  Really.  It is very good.

I am very happy with the Nokia E63. It dose the job, it has WiFi, which is great! I think that the best part was the price.The only downside is the lack of GPS.I am using this phone in Easter Europe and have no problems at all.Bet choice.

Got this phone for my Son for Christmas. He says it is by far the best phone he has ever had. The price was right and the shipping was great.

I chose Nokia because I loved all the previous models I had owned (for the last 4 years, 6030). But I also wanted to get fee-free navigation and only Nokia offers downloadable maps. On the paper it seemed to have clear advantage over Google Maps, but for practical usability Nokia Maps are light-years behind Google's. Setting way-points is cumbersome, saving the directions list is not possible (at least i have not found it in 2 months) so once you view the directions and want to return to the map the route disappears, the location names (cities, road numbers etc) show up only at close zoom making visual navigation like one would do with a paper map rather cumbersome, searching for addresses and businesses usually does not find anything. In all, I have not been able to use the Nokia Maps in any practical navigation situation. It only works when you have plenty of time and can sit on a sofa and patiently jump through the hoops that Nokia has decided to lay on your path. Google Maps, on the other hand has been very intuitive, it shows more information at lower zoom levels and allows switching between text directions and map view without losing either.For all the other features and capabilities - like e-mail, calendar and contact sync, downloadable applications (Skype!), office capabilities (although not quite smooth yet) and all the other extras - I think E63 is more than worth its cost. It's a solid performer. But the maps, which was one of the main deciding points for me, it's a big flop.Another thing that disappoints me is that the sound quality for phone calls is poor. My 6030 was definitely a lower-end phone but its voice quality was much better than the E63's. Radio and music playback are fine, so I guess it has to do with cell signal processing. There may be all the bars for signal strength, but the sound is nearly always a bit crackly.

Great phone for all, but especially ladies. Bought this phone for my wife and she loves it real good.

One of the great phone I have ever used. Hard, easy to use and give all smart phone facilities. Only disadvantage is not having in built GPS. I brought a external GPS but for navigation Nokia wants to change me. Other than that it is great to have.

This is great.  I didnt want an iPhone or Blackberry, and yet this gives me what I want.  The camera is wonderful.  Easy to get used to how everything works.

i bought this phone and am still learning of all the features ......nokia is really the best phone company.......plus i did not take long to get it and it came within 3 days..thanks amazon

Cuando lo recib&iacute;, no me imagine lo bueno que ere hasta que lo manej&eacute;. posee todas las caracteristicas del E71 ecepto por el GPS y de verdad si necesecitas un telefono con todas las caracteristicas del E71 sin necesitar GPS, este es un buen ejemplar.... Muy Bueno.. Como siempre Nokia es Nokia

I've owned this phone about a year now. I had to buy an unlocked phone because my contract wasn't up and I had somehow broken two clamshell phones in the space of about six weeks. Given this history, I am particularly pleased with the sturdiness of the e63. I've dropped it a number of times (including when it wasn't in its Otterbox sleeve) with no apparent ill effects.Other things I like: Nice bright screen. The handy flashlight feature (press the spacebar). Easy to use keyboard, good for texting. I use it more and more as a text-messaging tool and a substitute brain, for example, the calculator, the converter tool, the notes, the alarm clock, the calendar. Call quality is generally good (I have A&T; and suffer dropped calls less often than I did before, though I don't know if this can be attributed to the phone or improvements to the network.) A nice looking phone that feels solid and pleasant in the hand, but not too heavy in the pocket. Battery life is very long, esp if you have WLAN screening and Bluetooth off, and it recharges  quickly. It also tells you when the battery is fully charged, which is nice. When I travelled to Poland this spring, the phone proved very handy: We removed the SIM card, put in a local one, and it was ready to go with a local number, giving us in-country  calls and texting for a very reasonable price.Some things not so great: The camera is nothing special, as others have observed. I personally have found the Ovi  app store to be a confusing horror. I find it hard to surf the web with this phone -- the screen seems  too small, downloading is very slow, and it's hard to navigate. Even e-mail is highly irritating, resorted to only in desperation. (I don't have a data plan; I use WiFi when I can find it, so this may be coloring my impression of the slowness. But I had a data plan for a while, and checking email was also so slow and laborious that I wanted to hang myself then, too.)But, overall, I am pleased with this phone. It is a phone, not a substitute computer or an entertainment device, and for what it is, it's more than adequate.

Call quality is above average. Speaker is more than sufficient(music in the shower). Browsing web with stock web browser isn't half bad, also. (using shortcut keys make it way easier). Opera 10 web browser can be installed. it provides a very rich browsing experience. Connecting to Wifi cannot be easier (connects within 5 sec.) and will be connected as long as your browser/applications are on.

Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player... sorry for this after long time i send this feed back means almost 4 year's,  its great cell phone still i am using this cell phone only once i change this new batteries

I have to be honest. Nokia is Nokia.This phone has all I need and more. Great Wifi and 3g connections. OS very friendly and dynamic.

I have AT&T, and I did not want the $30/month data plan forced with an iPhone purchase.  I am a first time smart phone buyer and looked at them all.  I really liked the e71x, but I am not up for plan renewal and didn't want to pay over $200.  I also didn't want a phone with a lot of crap-ware on it, and I liked some of the feature that AT&T took out of the e71 (like the Internet Radio, modes for home and work, etc)  Looking at the e63, it's a great value.  A little bigger than the e71, but it has the same features and they all work!  The 3G is great, call quality is crystal clear, email downloads are fantastic.  I would recommend this phone.

I have had my Nokia E63 for almost three years now. I use it all the time as a phone and as my primary MP3 player, using a 16 GB micro SD card to hold more programs and albums than I could possibly listen to. This phone is still going strong despite many years of hard use.Maybe it qualified as a "smart" phone when it came out, but now (entering 2013), it could only be considered semi-smart at best. A dinosaur, perhaps, but it does what I need it to do well.It has wi-fi capability so you can check e-mail or Facebook, etc without using a data plan. This was key for me.The cellphone reception is excellent. For the first couple of years I had the phone, I was working in Mexico over two miles south of the border, and I could still get a US signal when phones of my colleagues were roaming. The great reception and durable build quality are what has kept me with Nokia phones for almost ten years.The MP3 player sounds great coming through the stereo system on my car, but it does tend to be a little hissy with most earbuds -- especially any that say "designed for iPhone". A major exception is thePanasonic RPHJE120K. While a little short on bass, these are my favorite budget earphones at just over $5, and the sound with the Nokia is angelic and crystal clear.In the end, I'm aiming for five years with this phone. I plan to upgrade in around 2014 and I have no reason to think my E63 will give out on me before then. Hopefully one of Nokia's beautiful new smartphones that really deserve the name will be more affordable by then.

Bottom Line: This phone provides a solid operating with great call quality and decent features.I have had this phone for a few days now, and I must say it is perfect for me. Who am I? A 26 year old graduate student who needed a "grownup" phone with qwerty texting and a strong feature base. I have always had great luck with Nokia, and this phone is no different. I already have much better reception than I did with my Samsung Gravity 2, and I would not go back for anything.The wifi is an especially great feature, as I am unwilling to pay for mobile internet, but enjoy checking my email when free wifi is present.I must admit I enjoy getting to know new technology, and it took me a while to figure out certain features (e.g. how to turn off the auto key lock feature, as well as the homescreen). However, once I figured it out, I didn't forget, and the rest of the phone became a bit more intuitive.Who should buy this phone? Someone who seeks a decently-priced smartphone that provides a great phone, texting, and (albeit limited) internet experience. If you want an iPhone, buy an iPhone, don't compare it to this phone. The same goes for Blackberry.Overall, a great purchase, no regrets.

This is am amazing phone for the price. The array of features is incredible. It has many features that I never dreamed of. Here is a non-exhaustive list:* Quad band GSM plus another host of protocols* Bluetooth (handsfree, bluetooth audio, file xfer, etc)* WiFi b/g* Skype mobile* Nokia Maps (You can download world maps from Nokia's web site free of charge)* with an additional bluetooth GPS you can transform the phone into a GPS* Internet radio ;-)* mp3/mp4 player* 2MP still/video camera* PDF reader* Office (word, excel, etc)* Micro SD card slotand the list goes on. I keep discovering new features as I use the phone more and more.I did have a problem connecting to my car stereo via bluetooth and after a bad experience with Nokia customer service they eventually send me the correct information to fix the problem.

was a bit difficult; it to replace a lost phone and didn't feel like signing up for a decade of service to get a new one...the capabilities are pretty good; using wi-fi takes getting used to, and browsing is not as easy as you might think. overall, it is still a pretty good phone for $100

It is an excellent investment buy this phone, you can do many things with it besides the basics, you can make video calls and has the option of VoIP. It's great! Recommended 100% ...Es una excelente inversi&oacute;n la compra de este celular, puedes hacer muchas cosas con &eacute;l adem&aacute;s de las funciones b&aacute;sicas, puedes realizar video llamadas y tiene la opci&oacute;n de vozip. Es sensacional! Recomendado 100%...

this product is great , every thing the seller said about this product is what I got , would recomend buying future items from this seller.

I had a Blackberry Pearl, but I hated the keyboard and the Blackberry predictive text correction software drove me up the wall. I wanted a phone with a full QWERTY keyboard. I went to ATT and looked at the E71, but I did not want all the ATT crapware. After doing a lot of research, I thought the E63 would fit the bill for me and would not include all the ATT fluff. I was right.I really like this phone a lot. I'm able to use my iTunes music as ringtones, which is nice. Bluetooth, WiFi, email work pretty well. I have NO data plan, so this phone uses WiFi only to do email and that works fine for me. I'm also able to sync with my Mac after downloading the iSync plug-in and software from Nokia's website. I do this via Bluetooth, so I haven't needed the data cable.The only 2 cons I've found so far, is that I can not get Mail for Exchange to work with our Exchange server here at work. So I have to just use IMAP on our Exchange server to connect to mail. Not sure this is Nokia's fault, but their documentation does leave a lot to be desired.And other thing I wish it would do is just automatically connect to the closest defined wireless access point. It ALWAYS asks which access point to use, instead of just automatically connecting to it. Nokia should see how the iPhone does this and make their software work like that.Otherwise, I'm a happy camper and would recommend the Nokia E63 to anyone.

I am very pleased with my phone because all my expectations were fulfilled, it's a very good phone and I recommend it highly.

The phone seems to be great when the battery has juice.  Problem comes when you actually try charging the phone.  It says charging, but never actually charges the battery.  Told Nokia support this, but they still managed to return it twice NOT FIXED!  Today I sent it off again for the 3rd time.  The support isn't very supportive...  Have to wait 2 weeks each time i send it for repair.  No matter what i tell them or how upset i am, they don't offer any type of consolidation, or speedier postage for all this trouble and my wasted time!  All i can do each time is send it for repair, wait 2 weeks to have it sent back and have it not work all over again.  I decided to just buy a $30 unlocked phone for the time being and simply keep up this charade of theirs at their expense.Sincerely,Not Impressed!

Definitely worth its price.Pros:+ Built-in standard headphones jack (not present in E71 and above, as of now)+ Included Office Word, Excel, Powerpoint etc. applications (compatible with Office 2007 formats)+ The flexilibity of Symbian OS, with freeware or &lt;$10 applications/games all over the place+ Support for up to 8gb SD cards. (I am using one currently)+ A plethora of user-friendly options making browsing the phones' various features very easy, for instance, you can include various shortcuts for favourite applications in the home screen)+ Built-in flashlight (you can use the camera flash as flashlight as long as you want , which turns out to be very useful when looking for something in the dark, strangely, Nokia stopped this feature in other, most expensive models like E71)+ Very impressive battery timespan (up to a week if you do not use multimedia features and speak infrequently and shortly, around 2-3 days if you heavily use the features and talk more)+ Easy PC integration and synchronization using Nokia PC Suite+ Very high maximum volume level (with reasonable quality) for ringtones and outdoor music listening+Easy to use, practical calendarCons:- Camera quality- The screen could have been crisper, definitely not as good as an Iphone screen- The Symbian OS tends to freeze for 2-3 seconds frequently, yet not an unendurable experience.- A bit bulky compared to similar models- The keyboard is not badly designed, yet could have been more ergonomic, typos are not infrequent even for an experienced user.-You need to buy the USB Cable seperately if you do not want to rely on Bluetooth, its price is quite reasonable though.

I did a ton of research and picked up this phone while it was on sale. I was very surprised by the small form factor and build quality. Feels very solid in your hand and the rubberized coating on the back prevents slipping. The keyboard was a change for me coming from a Blackberry. The keys feel like they were coated in the same rubber coating on the case and are packed really close together with no gaps in between. They have a very soft feedback that reminds me of using an old school rubber keypad; they don't have the hard click I am used to. That being said, I am sure I would have got used to it. I knew the phone didn't come with a volume rocker switch and I overestimated how much I would miss it. Having to pull the phone away from your ear to adjust the volume is a little annoying.I used this phone with my ATT sim card and it recognized it out of the box with no input from me needed. Reception was terrific and call volume was good. I wanted to use this phone only on Wifi because I didn't want to pay for a data plan. The phone asks you every single time what connection you want to use anytime you run an app that connects to the net. This is really annoying and the fact that you can't establish connection priorities is a huge oversight. I took a suggestion and downloaded an app from the Ovi store specifically to correct this but I couldn't get it to work correctly as it kept wanting to switch to 3G or edge after I was out of Wifi range. Adding to the headache, with 3G disabled the app won't work correctly because it has no other network to switch to.The UI is....... I don't know how to describe it. It feels very 90's to me. Its certainly functional but a little attention to ease of use and polish couldn't hurt. The options to change settings on the phone for the most part are easy to access but there are a lot of inconsistencies that kinda ruin the experience. Lots of messages to confirm over and over, digging through tons of sub menus. I was expecting something a bit more seamless.Google offers a sync app that only works for Gmail for the symbian OS. So I setup the Nokia exchange app to sync my google calender and contacts. I followed the instructions on google's website to the letter but it kept coming up with error messages that the sync was failing. Even with the errors, I was getting my email but not my calender or contacts. Frustrating.So the phone is going back and it looks like I will have to spend more money to get the UI and setup experience I am looking for. If you have a data plan and are tech savy enough to find apps and tweaks, I am sure you can get the E63 to work like a dream and come out on top considering the price of the phone.

Works perfect in the US and in Central America.100% signal over 3g networks, on GSM performs good too.Battery last 3 days, I find that a bit discouraging but overall is a great phone

Not a Nokia fan, and neither is my son for whom I bought this one.He was eager for a touch screen phone, but knowing his amount of text messages I "overruled" his wishes :) and purchased this one.After a few days of grumble from him he came to admit that typing with these small buttons is much easier and faster than with touch screen (let him try mine with touch screen).

I am truly upset with this phone. Like any good buyer I spent countless weeks researching and debating which phone to get. Finally I saw this great deal of a phone on Amazon and was sold instantly. I couldn't wait, and when it came I had high hopes. To my dismay the call quality is poor, very poor, almost non-existent. All the other phone features worked great, except the one that mattered the most, the phone aspect, calling and talking. I hear other people fine, but they say I fade in and out and a lot of the time end up with a bad phone call because of the argument between me and the caller. I am hoping by christmas to get a bluetooth earpiece to help the quality because after that, my only other option is to try and get another phone. In the end, just a disappointment.

this one was birthday gift to my wife. it gets too hot when you are on phone, doesn't matter whether you are holding next to your ear or using bluetooth. the battery dies all of a sudden. this is merely 3 months old and i am giving it up.

I've had this phone for a week and am not disappointed.It is easy to use for a smart phone and quick to learn.Others had reviewed the e63 as a little tough to navigate but  no problems at all.Not being a tech person has not stopped my enjoyment of this phone.The battery life is amazing and quality feel of it's construction is a nice change from the others I looked at and tried.By the way the camera is an o.k. piece,hey if you wanted to be a paparazzi buy a d-slr.Now only if Nokia made a car.....hmmmm....UPDATE..I've had this phone for 2 months now and it only gets better.If my carrier's network was better it would be perfect.The wi-fi is faster and better than my carriers ability.Forget getting what everybody else has and get a phone that kicks butt.

It was my first time but  pleasant experience to buy from Amazon.  Truly professional. For my future shopping, I can depend on Amazon!!!Of course, the phone is great as like other Nokia phones. Buying Nokia is like buying 24 carot gold.

Its working fine and i do not have any major complaints on it.Features I like :Wi-FiEmail ClientInternet RadioKey Board DesignMusic Player, Camera and flash lightYou TubeThin designDo not like:No volume controls on the sideInternet Radio volume control works with Fn+Up Arrowonce in a while hangsUSB cable was not supplied

This phone is great,you will not be disapointed. It comes preloaded with youtube and facebook on the home page. Nokia has there own app store with great stuff. I think it takes great pictures, the flash is so bright you can take pictures in complete darkness and they come out good. The flash works like a flashlight and its very bright too. If you are on att you can get the 15 dollar unlimited data plan for this phone because it is unlocked. If you buy a phone like this from your carrier they are going to charge you 30 for the data plan, so this will save you $180 a year on data costs. You can also use this phone as a modem to put internet on your pc, and you will still be able to talk on the phone while using the internet if your on att. The email works great if you use the ovi mail, its a free nokia service. The battery life is realy great too. This phone does every thing that you could want out of a phone, if you do a lot of typing the keyboard is great.You will not be disapointed!

I've had this phone for over a year and I'm proud to say that I absolutely LOVE it! There haven't been ANY issues!!!! I'm SOOO amazed!!!!Unlike a lot of other people who are willing to shell out over $300/500 for a Blackberry or an iPhone, I'd personally rather use the extra money to pay off my school loans. When I first got this phone, I prayed that it wouldn't break because I forgot to get a warranty, so I was VERY careful with downloads from the internet, uploading pictures, dropping the phone, etc... but after a while I just got used to having this phone and never really had to give extra care and it's still fine.The benefits of this phone is that I didn't have to pay too much for it, the applications on the phone is amazing and  temporarily replaced my laptop when it broke and I can not only use this for personal use...I can also use this for school.I give this 10 thumbs up!!!

Best phone ever.... SUPER happy with it!!! No hassles, no problems, just plain works. If I needed to I would buy 10 of them just because it is so great!!!I highly highly recommend it!! And the price is great too!! =)))))

This phone is great battery life is the best i have. I give it 4 stars because there is no warranty in the us since it was released in UK. However its great for the money

The phone is really good overall.Pros:Love the wi-fi, 3G, e-mailing is a breeze, texting can't be easier and has a solid feel.  Unlocked!!! Zero 24 month contracts...I hate those...Cons:No volume key,no usb cable, no memory card, bad pic resolution, battery life...18 days??? yeah right, more like 1 day tops...I know 3g eats up your battery but some days I don't use it much and I have to plug it at night...Verdict:I know I listed tons of cons, but, overall...great smartphone, great bang for buck...would recommend to buy one...

The phone has several providers speical settings (AT&T, TMobile and others) preprogrammed so setup is very easy (texting and internet settings). User can turn off provider internet service and only use WIFI if wanted to save on data plan.  The only negative I have found is that MMS are limited 300kb, but my AT&T branded phones allow 600kb.

Here's a quick comparison if you are deciding between the E63 or the E71.E63 has- the slower incarnation of 3G (384kbps)- no GPS- fixed focus 2 megapixel camera- 3.5mm audio jack so you can use your favorite headphonesE71 has the 2.5mm, so you need an adapter of some sortAnd these are what I installed/added in the E63 and they all work beautifully.- Opera Mini Mobile 10 browser. Go to the Opera website, select the model and it picks the version of Opera Mini to load onto your phone.The Opera browser offers a richer web experience than the default Nokia browser- 8GB A-Data Class 6 microSD cardStored all my music, video and document files in it as the phone memory is only 110MB- Mobile Divx Player to play AVI video files as the build-in Real Player only plays mp4 files)- Paired easily with a Motorola H390 Bluetooth headsetA great Smartphone for under $180 if you don't care for GPS or a better camera.

Excellent smart phone. I am very happy with the product which I bought for my 12 yr old son. It is loaded with features.

Hello, I get some question for me Item; I didn't get my phone yet, when I make the research of the Item on the web site of Amazon and USPS, this one show like delivered, but this item is not yet in my hands, I am waiting for my phone, could verify what happen for my phone, could you call USPS and ask what happen, I will explain something, this phone go to Costa Rica and then I am from Costa Rica, If you have any question about it, please let me know, I am worry for this item, and then my money is already charge, please let me know as soon you can.I think something wrong happen with the address, becasue I didn't write the code of my country on the address, code of my country is (SJO) that mean San Jose Costa Rica, here is the example.SJO - Johan Obando Alfaro3537 N.W. 82nd AvenueDoralMiami, Florida 33122United StatesNokia E63-2 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Full U.S. Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)

I love my phone, i would recommend to anyone. it has a lot of features that are just great. it will call out the person calling you. My best friend when he calls says " I am James the all mighty Dwarf: Yes it is funny to me

This phone is actually the one I really want. it is good-looking and cool used.

I am just using the phone for couple weeks and so far it's been wonderful. Very easy to use, feels great. The soft plastic body is a great advantage, I don't have to worry about getting scratches or marks on the body. I love the applications it came with. Especially the "facebook" and "youtube" applications are the best. This is my first smart phone and I am thrilled with it.There are couple things however that made me give it a 4 star. First of all I experienced several dropped call since I am using it. It didn't occur at an alarming rate, but happened more often than I experienced with my past 2 phones. I use T-mobile and a rep once told me this is a common thing with unlocked phones for T-mobile. So can't really blame the phone for that.Secondly it is little complicated to download applications or games on the phone through Nokia. I tried couple times and seems like I need to spend more time to figure out the way. I found some demo games on a random gaming site that the phone supported.Overall it is a great phone for the price and conditions (or no conditions). The Wi-fi is great. The camera works perfect if you don't zoom in. I am very happy with it. It is the best first smart phone you can have.

Great phone with many features for a great price. Love it! Fast delivery from amazon! Item is as advertised. Will recommend this phone to anyone.

I was originally planning to purchase an iPhone. However, after seeing this phone on Amazon, along with many positive reviews and an excellent price ($150 after rebate), this phone looked to have the right price and features for my needs. In particular, I wanted strong messaging capabilities, WiFi, a few games, and reasonably capable web browsing to check the news, my RSS feeds, weather, stocks, etc. However, I really don't need (or want to pay for) the more advanced iPhone capabilities.I've had the phone for just over 2 days now, and my experience has been consistent with many of the other reviewers. For example, I really like the keyboard and overall construction and form-factor. The core applications like email, web browsing, calendar, and address book also meet or exceed my expectations. However, I found parts of the setup and configuration to be counter-intuitive and the software and handset as a whole to be less "seamlessly integrated" than I would have hoped for.The above being said, now that I've fully configured this phone, and I'm further along the Symbian learning curve, I believe for as long as I own this phone, it will prove to be an excellent value; i.e., it has excellent features, capabilities, and performance for the price.A few specific pros and cons include:* "Virtual GPS" with Google maps - If you purchase this phone, I'd definitely download Google Maps. Having done so, I was pleasantly surprised to find Google Maps used the cell-tower method to give a "virtual GPS" location within 200 meters (at least for me on AT&T;), and fully integrated this information with its other capabilities.* Software and handset capabilities not seamlessly integrated - For example, I purchased a 4GB mini-SD card, and proceeded to fill it with hundreds of photos in numerous folders. By default, the built in photo browser doesn't include the folder structure on the SD card, but instead lists all the photos as one big flat list. There is a work-around to organize the pictures into a second set of "folders" on the phone, but why is this duplicate organization necessary? There are also 3rd party photo browsers you can download/purchase. As another example, I configured the start-up screen to show some contact information to call if someone finds my lost phone, but also configured the phone with a lock code; however, the phone only displays the startup splash screen *after* the lock code has been successfully entered, sort of defeating the value of my "if found" splash screen. In general, many of the features and capabilities on this phone work very well individually, but there's room for improvement to make all these features integrate more smoothly with respect to the likely workflow of a person using the phone.* Email setup was a snap - When I started using the phone, it prompted me with a step-by-step (wizard based) configuration of email. In a few steps, the phone was properly configured for my gmail account. However, in the future, using email as a representative example, I'd suggest Nokia put more effort to simplify/automate common tasks in the initial setup process, such as pairing with my bluetooth headset, or specifying predictive or non-predictive text entry.* Awkward Connection Management - Most of the built in applications have a choice to always connect to a specific WiFi/3G/Edge connection, or to always choose a connection during startup - Wouldn't it have been simpler to specify a prioritized list of connections to try, such as your home WiFi first, then 3G?* Lots of keyboard shortcuts - I'm still learning many of the keyboard shortcuts, such as pressing and holding the "Home" button to display a list of open applications, pressing and holding the email button to start a new email, or pressing and holding the calendar button to enter a new meeting. While there's a learning curve, I'm appreciating the added efficiency of these shortcuts.* Works well with iSync - Being a Mac user, I downloaded the iSync plugin. So far, I've found iSync does a job synchronizing the phone with my local iCal calendar and Mac address book.

this was the best cell  phone and very cheap. if you dont want to pay for the nokia e71

I received my Nokia E-63-2 phne a few weeks ago and it is great. I had an old flip phone before and couldn't wait for the upgraded Nokia. I was disappointed that I had to purchase the connector cable, but so far that is the only disappointment that I have had. It is very easy to use and I love the full keyboard. The calender and the daytimer are great and help keep appointments straight with the alarm. I downloaded several free ring tones from WMMR to personalize it for myself. I haven't had much time to play around and find all of the cool features that can be used but I know that they are in there. Good Job Nokia!

Had this close to a month now. Works nicely with AT&T 3G in the US. Once I set it up with google sync, all my contacts came in without any problems. I love the SIP client where I can setup multiple sip accounts. Internet calling works well in wi-fi zones but the audio is kind of choppy using AT&T 3G. Overall an excellent phone for the price.

i ordered the phone few days ago and it arrived today.  initially i was so excited that i got the package so fast even though i took advantage of using the free shipping.  but soon:my excitement turned into suspicion, then surprise and finally angry:(suspicion)  the box felted a bit light(surprise)  the seal on the box was broken(ANGRY)  NO PHONE INSIDE THE BOX!!!it has the manual and the wall charger but the phone.  this is ridiculous, not even the April Fools' day yet!i contacted Amazon immediately and another phone is on its way to my door.  i have purchased countless items from Amazon, new or used, but NEVER received empty box.  i appreciate Amazon's effort in resolving this problem quickly, but still it looks Amazon is getting too comfortable being the #1 e-retailer for too long, WAKE UP, AMAZON.COM!

This is a very good phone at a reasonable price.I have not had any problems with it so far and it has all the features that i want in a phone. I would definitely recommend it. You can also use it with any GSM service provider such as T-mobile or AT&T.

I searched and searched for an unlocked phone that wouldn't break the bank but that would offer wi-fi capability and a qwerty keyboard for texting and messaging. This phone doesn't disappoint. There was some learning curve, but now I am really pleased with the phone's features and call quality. (The speakerphone is not very loud, though)The keyboard is easy to manage and I don't make many mistakes typing. Be warned, though, that with the qwerty layout, you can't dial words correctly...like 1-800-nokia12. The letters are not on the same numbers as they are on a standard phone. Even Nokia didn't know this when I called tech support because my password (a word) wouldn't work. I had to figure it out myself.I still have one issue, though, and that's with mp3 output. It doesn't seem to offer stereo even with a stereo headset. I didn't buy the phone as an mp3 player, but would think that if they offer that feature it would be in stereo.The phone feels good. I bought an otterbox cover that fits great and offers protection.For the money, this is a great phone.

A Nokia E63 bought in October 2009 developed a power cycling problem. It keeps turning itself off all the time, although the battery is fully charged. Master reset did not solve the problem. Maybe operating system error, or bad memory blocks?

This phone is great. like all nokia product this phone has a good battery life, work for days great wifi good softwares good signal great price and if you buy it before june 30 you will get 50 dollares in rebat from nokia. my only problem with this phone is that the Symbia os is not supported buy medical softwares producer. I was not able to get medical softwares for my phone and i have to keep using my palm to access a PDR.

If you are looking for a phone with comprehensive web browsing functions, this phone is for you. But if you want a internet based entertainment tablet with phone function, or if you are a business guy emphasizing time efficiency like a trader, stay away please. The phone function is great, long battery standing, high quality. But the 3rd party applications are limited comparing to BlackBerry, Iphone/Touch, Google Phone, and Windows Mobile Handset. Another thing about this phone is its international support. It doesn't provide cross language support well. But it's easy to setup foreign language fonts and input methods. I setup full Chinese Support, it works well. I recommend E63 for those who have a main street job, enjoy their life but not get addict to entertainment stuffs.In conclusion:Pro:Good price for a well designed smart phone,I got it on Amazon around $150S60v3 system responses to your command faster than Windows Mobile handset.Rare system crash, longer standing 3G web browser battery standing hours.Con:Keyboard needs improvement,Volume when you pick up a call is a little smaller than ideal level, but that's acceptable.Poor international support, by default the phone only support the major languages within phone's sale area. (So North America edition not support Asian language by default)--->Though you can use 3rd party fonts plug in software to force it support Chinese, Japanese, Germany,...etcLimited applications available in online store and 3rd party developers.Poor email box system comparing to Blackberry's.&lt;---But many people don't actually need very powerful email systemThough Con points are more than Pro's, you should understand all these con's are not important to you if you use it as a mobile phone rather than your pocketable PC.

I purchased this phone from Amazon about 8 months ago.So far, I am really happy with this phone.  It works well with ATT 3G internet.  The browser is acceptable and there are 3rd party free browsers such as opera and skyfire that work well on some websites.  The ovi applications store has a few applications worth mentioning (apart from all the crap) one of which is nimbuzz, an application that allows voip calls using skype. (whether AT&T; would find that objectionable or not is a separate matter.)The phone is really sturdy.  It has seen much abuse at the hands of my kids but has never given me any trouble.  I think its drool-proof and handles drops of up to 4 feet to concrete rather well ;).The phone can find Wireless signals as well as any laptop computer and I have never had trouble with it.  However the Wlan offerred by optimum in some metro areas does not seem to work on this phone.  I suspect that is because of the limited capabilities of the browser.One drawback with the phone is its inability to switch off radio like an iphone or BB.  I would like to have that option especially when you are roaming. However the phone does have an option to ask for permission to connect to an access point, which allows users to select between using a 3g connection or a Wlan.  This is a little cumbersome however.Although this phone does not have integrated GPS, the AGPS functionality seems to work with google maps.  Nokia Maps is horrible to navigate, but I am sure if you are stuck without data somewhere you will find a way to use it under desparate cicumstances.  (you have to download nokia maps)Mail applications work well and the mail application is able to display most content using the html browser.  IMO the phone is better than BB or iphone as it comes preinstalled with quick office applications and can also display pdf files.  However the ability to select text and copy/past text is minimal at best.  Outlook can synchronize with the calender on this phone using nokia pc suite.All-in-all, minor annoyances aside and the fact that you are not paying for an Iphone, this is a great phone.  The sound quality is much better than iphone for one.

I MUST SAY THIS IS A GREAT PHONE I BOUGHT IT FOR MY HUSBAND IN 2009 AND UP TO THIS DATE IT WORKS PERFECTLY. I'm GLAD I made this purchase!

I have been using the Nokia E63 for several weeks now and have been thrilled with it.  In my limited experience with friend's IPhones I found the touchscreen difficult to accurately type on, but I am happy to state that this is an excellent keyboard with good ergonomics and tactile support.  I have found the phone easy to set up and install apps on.  The battery life is incredible, and having the wi-fi has proved very valuable as I have no intention of investing in a expensive data plan.  The web browser and email client are both very good under wi-fi conditions, and data transfer is very good as well.Negatives:  The camera is a big disappointment after my Sony Ericsson W810i.  Images are just generally poor.  The Nokia Ovi app store is still a long way off.These complaints aside, I like the phone so much that I have ordered the Ruby Red version for my wife.  I have found the free Skyfire app helpful, Mobipocket, Google Maps, DivX player, and Olive Tree Bible software are all good apps for this phone.  I did a lot of research over several days before purchasing and found that the Nokia E63 represented the highest value/quality ratio available in a smartphone.  Now that I have it, I have not been disappointed.

I love this phone: small enough, great feel, great software.  Great sound quality. Love the wi-fi. Does take a bit of savvy to understand the menu options, but I dont mind that.But the thing that bugs me :The speaker volume isnt loud enough!!  Whether I have it on handset mode or loudspeaker mode, I just cant hear the other person well enough!!  Even my old piece-of-junk cheap samsung is louder than this!  I'm surprised such a basic feature is bad..

The product page explains it, I mean there's really not much more to say about it. Although one feature I didn't pay attention to, the flashlight (push the spacebar button for a second while unlocked, or hold it down when it's locked) is really bright. It's actually the flash for the camera too.

Got this phone over 2 weeks.  I start having reception problems, disconneted in the middle of conversation (eventhough I was staying at the same spot), couldn't hear momentarily, no ring. This phone is a lot worse than Blackjack II.

This is perhaps the best smart phone you can get at this price point. the build is sturdy and no matter how many times it falls, you expect a nokia to take that!Edit: Appless phonethe phone itself is great. does what you can expect out of it. but there are NO APPs. do yourself a favor and get droid. after using this phone for a couple of months i am really disappointed that there are no basic apps in the symbian world. really sad :-(

This nokia smarthphone is really outstanding, totally recommend it, it works great, navigation through it is so easy and so accessible, wi-fi is really good and most of all, size is so convenient, its slim, great for any customer!

I bought this unlocked phone to work on my pre-paid T-mobile plan (using the existing SIM card from my previous phone) about 1 month ago.  I wanted something that would sync with my Microsoft outlook calendar & contacts.  I also wanted to view and send email and be able to surf the web when I am in wi-fi areas.  This phone is accomplishing all those tasks as I had hoped it would.  The syncing works very easily with my contacts and calendar (you have to download the current software for free from the Ovi Store).  I can add people or events on either my computer or my phone and they will coordinate.  I am still working on understanding the fine details and figuring out exactly how to use it most effectively.  The email with my pop3 server was a little more difficult to set up since it kept wanting to connect at first via T-mobile's data plan (which I don't have).  After an hour on the phone each with T-mobile and Nokia, I had gotten nowhere.  Fortunately, my husband figured it out and I have been checking email ever since.  One small thing I have to remember, is that some wi-fi connections require you to go on the web first to "accept" their terms before you can send and receive email.  I don't have a work email account to get set up, so I don't know how that works.  The web works fine, though I downloaded Opera as the browser (free) and I like it much better than the software that comes with the phone.  The media player is nice and it syncs with my iTunes account.  It doesn't separate out the music from podcasts, but they are all there.  I have used the camera and agree with all the other posts I have read: it is not a great camera, but it can capture the moment.  I have not tried any video calls with it.  I did buy a microSD card as I believe you would run out of memory very quickly with contacts and music without.  I also bought the USB cable and find it almost necessary.  I don't have any bluetooth stuff, so I haven't used that.  I like the app for YouTube.  I haven't gotten the Novi Maps to work, but i have downloaded Google Map for mobile and have used that some.  It doesn't have a GPS, but it can narrow down where you are based on the cell tower being used.My bottom line, this phone does all of what is advertised and you can use it with wi-fi only (no data plan).  However, it is a little hard to get things set up, especially if you are not techno-inclined.  I didn't find the customer service on the phone very helpful.  The online forums are moderately useful.  I also have to admit that I haven't spent much time watching tutorials and that might have helped me.  So, if you want to do things inexpensively and are willing to fumble through on your own, this phone will work great for you.

I absolutely adore this phone. I think for under $[...]there is not a single unlocked handset that would match with the Nokia E63's value. And at [..], the deal just got sweeter. If you disagree and has a better mobile phone in mind, feel free to comment and rebuke! :)Do not be fooled by the pictures and videos. They cannot do this phone justice. The camera adds 5 pounds to the phone! ;p But the phone feels actually very compact in my hands, with a very nice grip because of the rubbery back. It feels quite sturdy in spite of the plastic construction.The Ultramarine Blue is SEXY. It is very subtle and looks almost onyx at a certain angle, while at other angles it is actually shiny and stylish (thanks to the large 2.4' screen and the metal direction pad).The important thing is, if you think this phone may be too bulky for you, you need to actually see it and feel it in your hands to feel its efficient design.Good:- uber large battery (I can go on about 4 days without charging, and that is with about everyday use of 30 text, an hour of music playing, web browsing, youtube, email, few calls etc)- Functionality - does everything: mp3 (3.5mm standard jack), video, email, bluetooth, etc.- Expandability - S60 V3 FP2 is very nice and is supported by a large pool of freeware (much much more than iphone apps)- Full QWERTY - took me a few days of texting to get used to, but the Predictive learns very quickly, and if I hit one or two wrong letters, it'll automatically correct me and give me a list of what it thinks is what I intended to type.- Solid construction - feels like it will last for a long time- Keys feel very good and easy to press- Business ready - very good multi-email account management/sync, contacts, PIM,etc- Wi-Fi is very fast and handy. I can stream youtube videos all day- Fast processor, multitasking is much faster than Windows Mobile devices---------------------------Now you need to be realistic and know that when you buy a unlocked phone for $150, you aren't gonna get a 8MP camera, or 3G, or GPS, or touchscreen (I sold my 5800 for this cuz I hate touchscreen). But those are all that you are missing from a power house like the N96, and the features on this phone rivals or even beat some of the more expensive unlocked phones out there.One thing I love about this phone is that I can just hold space key, and the camera flash will light up as a flash light! That's the kind of usability I am talking about.If you need an unlocked phone, this is a no brainer. You got the most widely used and customizable smart-phone platform out there (Symbian S60), you got a nice full QWERTY for text-maniacs, a full-featured music player with 3.5mm jack, camera with flash and self-portrait, bluetooth, Wi-Fi. I cannot think of another sub-$200 phone with such complete feature set. Nokia is the best!

I bought this for my sister. it arrived very fast.That blue is amazing, and everything was great!!

Good product, no problems with the delivery. Good conditions and it works very good. I am in Ecuador and it is working perfect!

Nokias are great, It's way out of date these days and speeds crawl compared to modern 4G phones, but it is perfect as a backup phone that does just a little more than a flip-phone. After 4 years, 2 of which have been sitting in a drawer with no charge, it still holds more than a day of battery life.

Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Full U.S. Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)I just got this phone a week ago 07/01/2009.  All prior reviews were right on the money.  This phone is truly a quality product.  I just want to comment on 2 cool features and its practical application that no one yet has mentioned as follows:1. All songs and/or any other sound bite you upload to the phone or micro SD card (including the ones you recorded using the phone's recorder) can be used as ring tones - FREE OF CHARGE.  My sons tell me they have to buy ring tones for their iPhones at $1 each song and a buck more to crop a 30-second ring tone out of the entire song.2. You know how these big companies record conversations between customer service agents and customers for "training and quality assurance purposes", and days later could not refer back to a playback of the recorded conversation to settle an issue/dispute ... well, with my trusty Nokia E63-2, I can now use its recorder to record all customer service phone interactions I will have.  And I will let them know it "to ensure you satisfy my needs as your customer and get assurance that you will do whatever we agree on to make things right".  So now, if these companies can't produce their recordings for whatever reason, I'd just play mine for their listening pleasure.I gave this phone a 5-star rating as it met, and even exceeded, all the functional requirements I predefined as part of my smart phone selection process.I'm also happy with the usual professional order processing and prompt hand-over of the package to the courier administered by Amazon.com.I wish I could say the same thing about UPS as far as this delivery is concerned.  While the UPS driver did deliver the package on time (2-day shipping/"2nd Day Air"), I found the package inside my backyard right beside our locked 6-foot metal sheet gate and hollow block fencing alongside the alley.  This begs the question on how the package got over the 6-foot gate and fencing.  I can't help but think the cellphone (with all the sensitive electronics in it) that I bought just got dropped from 6 feet in the air onto the concrete floor.I just wished the UPS delivery person who walked 15+ paces from the curb to my rear gate took a short-cut to my front door (which is just 10 steps from the curb) where I would have received and signed for the package, and thanked him for the prompt yet careful handling and delivery of my package.Nevertheless, the phone seems to be working fine having tested most of its features.  I hope I don't need to return it because of any future malfunction or internal damage that's plausible considering the way it was handled/delivered.Amazon.com is my preferred online source for quality products.  I hope it also tracks performance and complaints about its designated couriers to ensure end-to-end customer satisfaction.

great phone, it was everything i expected it to be. easy to use, just charged the phone, added my sim card and it works great, my only complant was that it took two weeks to arrive.

Got this phone last year and I really like it. the only problem i have is that Nokia doesn't interface with the country i live so i'm limited with the downloads and e-mail/IM always will be jealous of Motorala's security options though. but beside this sound quality is great so is the battery life,picks up WiFi well. Very capable phone. Will last me a few years or until i decide to up grade, which ever comes first.

Got this item 3 months ago and finally decided to review it.Unlocked is good since my mobile provider is LIME.Price is good.Full QWERTY keyboard is good.Camera could be better but I usually have my SLR with me so it does not affect my rating of this product.Vibration is acceptable but could be better.It is a Nokia so you know it is easy to use, everything is right where you would want it to be.Get a case and a screen protector.Battery life is good (with bluetooth turned off and wifi scanning off)I use bluetooth to transfer videos, MP3s,photos and other stuff to and from my computer, so not having a data cable does not affect my rating.It is an over all good product.

My husband loves his new phone.  It works great absolutely no problems with it.

I like Nokia. I really do; my first cell phone in 1998 was a Nokia and it still works to this day. Compare that with the 4 Samsung devices I've had over the years, all of which broken almost exactly a year after the day of activation. I dislike Samsung, I really do.Anyways, once my latest Samsung broke (touch screen petered out, of course), I purchased the E63 and I immediately liked it. I was looking for a phone with a physical keyboard and the E63 was a good price and seemed to have good features. It's not a perfect phone by any means, but over time it gets better and better and I discover more features that make it all the well worthwhile.PROS- Physical keyboard is wonderful and responsive- Has decent office software where you can make work documents and excel spreadsheets- Includes a music player that is decent- Speaker is loud- LOVE the internet radio and the program is very easy to use- Wi-Fi is great and rarely drops a signal- microSD slot allows you to expand your memory- Has the ability to view Flash on web browser- Call quality is good. I've never had difficulty hearing the person on the other end and never head any complaints on my end. Loudspeaker is robust- Tons of shortcut buttons built in. You have the left and right selection button as well as four One touch buttons in-between. And depending on how you organize the home screen, you can use the 4-way selection and middle button as shortcuts as well.- My phone was made in Finland and withstands the worst of slams and drops.- Screen is crisp and clearCONS- Ovi Store STINKS. There is nothing there, half of what is is broken and low-quality. I've only downloaded a bare handful of things and only found one decent theme. It's nothing like what Android and iTunes offers- Little to no personalization options outside of the business perspective (e.g. where you want your calendar to show, reminders on the home screen). As a run-of-the-mill consumer, I would like to have a selection of better themes on Ovi Store or an easy to use application that allows me to build my own theme using my own images, color selections, etc. I've been using the same theme all year and while I still like it, I wish I had more choice- Camera isn't great but that doesn't really bother me.- You cannot view, input or add any language besides those who use the typical alphabet. I read Chinese and everytime I'm on a Chinese website, I get block code. I researched how to download Chinese script but it's region exclusive and the only way you can access it is if you bring your phone to a flagship Nokia store for them to add it or for you to "flash" the phone yourself. I resorted to the second option and while it wasn't horribly difficult, I have computer science experience and I can imagine the normal consumer would be hard pressed to even feel comfortable invading their phone, since it can destroy the software. So if you want to read and type in any Russian, Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, basically any alphabet that isn't based on the typical ABCs, be prepared to do a little work or just look for another more internationally friendly phone.- For being based off a business phone, this isn't very travel friendly. The E63 has a dictionary but if you travel to any country that doesn't use the Roman alphabet, you're SOL. There are no apps to support the traveling business man- Nokia support online is zilch. There's a healthy community of Nokia enthusiasts, but that takes a while to slog through to look for what you want.Nokia is a dying company and it is a shame because they really make great hardware. Nokia needs to adapt Android OS to survive against the iPhone, but we'll see how their new Windows phone is.

This phone is loaded with all sort of stuff,saying it's a smart phone is an understatement, it's giving my black berry curve a run for it's money. great buy.

This is a great cellphone, it is not mine. It was a gift for my girlfriend and she is very happy with this. It get our expectations and also more.

At least here in costa rica it works perfectly even in rural areas reception is excellent it picks up the 3G networks like a charm and is as reliable as any other nokia phone. No software issues like my previous E72 and definitely is worth every penny. Only downside is that it comes with no accessories at all.

Everybody is in love with BlackBerries, but this Nokia is simply fantastic, reliable, sturdy and user friendly. Has all the features I need and it is way cheaper when you compare it with the rest. I wouldn't change it for a BlackBerry.

Although I had a Blackberry Pearl 8120 from T-Mobile, I hated it so damn much that I shelled out a couple hundred dollars for this Nokia E63, unlocked, on Amazon.com, and it was worth EVERY CENT.  This phone is so well designed, built in Finland, and intuitively programmed that it's like a breath of fresh Scandanavian air dispelling the foul stench of rotten Blackberries.After many technical problems with my Blackberry, and its generally STUPID programming, this Nokia is a superstar.  It's reliable, full-featured, and intelligently designed.  It has great battery life, easy-to-navigate menus, every feature I want, great graphics, a big screen, a full keyboard, etc.  I have no regrets.  I've always had GOOD luck with Nokias, and now I'm a loyal Nokia user.  I'll never buy any other brand now, and I'm NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER going to get another Blackberry piece of crap again.  In fact, I'd rather have an angry rhino stomp on my crotch than have to own a Blackberry again.  Screw them.  For the money, they should make a better product.  I mean, a TRACKBALL on a cellphone?  What the hell was I thinking buying that piece of junk?  The trackball tended to stick, making it super annoying to navigate the screens.  Anyway, I'm off on a rant here, so I'll desist.I tell everyone I own that I love my phone and hate the absurdly hyped Blackberry brand.I really think you'll be satisfied with this phone if you get it.

I bought this Nokia for my husband as a birthday gift, his old Nokia was damaged.  He totally loves it, can hold all his contacts, the camera takes clean and clear pictures, his ability to use the internet and even access hotmail is a plus.  I would say that this Nokia is a great replica for a blackberry

The phone was exactly as it was described and it was shipped on time. I am very happy with the product, however I never received my $50 Rebate. I sent off the required information and the appropriate paperwork but it has been well over two months and still no rebate. I am very hesitant to order anything promising a rebate anymore.

I purchased this phone (blue E63-2) three weeks ago. Overall, I am very happy with this phone. $200 for this unlocked smartphone is a great deal.I add my application background first in the following. Because I think a review will only be fair with certain application background. For example, for the email application, Blackberry is more powerful for the business user, it can have more functions or better performance when it is hooked up with your company exchange server. Also for data service performance in wireless network, I only use it in T-mobile network; I don't know how it performs in ATT's 3G network, so I don't comment on this.My service provider: T-mobileMy service package: voice + 100MB/month data serviceMy application: personal usePro:1. Full Q keyboard. Yes, a lot of smartphones have the full Q-keyboard. But the keyboard of E63 has the better design, the shape of each key enables you to type with less error-stroking.2. WI-FI: 802.11g compatible. The setup is very easy, it supports WEP/WPA/WPA2 wireless security features. And the link speed is very good. This enable me to go to internet and download applications at home (or hot-spot) without using the 100MB data-service bandwidth.3. When the "bluetooth" and the "WLAN scanning" are turned off, the battery life is GOOD; thanks to the physical size of the battery. When the "WLAN scanning" is off, you still can use the WLANs that have already been setup in the phone; it just won't search for the new WLAN. But for the "bluetooth", you will have to turn it on in order to use it; and the "bluetooth" seems draining more power than WIFI.4. Email service: I am using Nokia's free (for now) mail push service; it pushes my yahoo mails and the other mails to my E63, it notifies me when there is a new mail. Most time, it worked very quickly in T-mobile network (but my emails are more text oriented, HTML contents require additional download time). This is a great feature, I don't have to go to the internet to fetch the mails manually. One can download this email setup software from Nokia website. This is only available for BlackBerry and iPhone before, with a more expensive data service.  (I don't know when Nokia will start to charge this service.)5. Completed PDA functions and reliable sync with PC (Syncing with PC by bluetooth is great!)6. Compare with the Nokia E71, I like this one better. The reasons are: lower-price and thicker body with plastic finishing. Although the body of E63 is plastic, but the texture feels very good and not easy to get the finger-prints. The thicker body has the acoustic advantage, the speaker performances well even when you are listening music. Of course, the lower price comes with the trade-offs: comparing with E71, the E63 does not have integrated GPS and the resolution of the camera is lower (3mp via 2mp)7. Music function: E63 has the 3.5 mm standard connector, which means you can use your favorite headset to listen to music. Although, the headset comes with the phone is stereo, and it has an in-line microphone; but the frequency response is not good enough to listen to music (if you are serious about listening). By using a standard headset, you still can make calls or receive calls, but you will have to speak to the microphone in the phone.Con:1. Image quality of camera. I can live with the 2MP resolution, but the noise of the camera is too obvious; even the pictures taken outdoor.2. Micro-USB cable is not included: This phone uses the Micro-USB interface, which is smaller than the mini-USB. I am sure most people have one or more mini-USB cables, which is widely used. But a lot of people don't have the micro-USB cable, at least I don't. So I have to go to a local shop to buy one ($15), and it is not easy to found one too. Very unfortunate, Nokia did not throw one in the box. Sometimes, it is very useful, such as when you want to copy a hundred songs to your phone's memory card; bluetooth is simply too slow to do this task.Update:Here is the update after three month use.(A) Don't put this phone into a case that is too tight; especially: preventing the keyboard to be touched when it is in the case. I found out if the keyboard is being touched, the phone will not go into the sleep mode and the battery runs out really fast.(B) The IP phone function(aka Internet phone) is great for the international long distant call (you must sign-up the "Gizemo" first), you can use it whenever you have the WIFI access; it cost much less than your wireless service provider's international plan. But after you finish a call, you should disconnect the phone from the WIFI completely; otherwise the battery goes down real quick. The reason is: as soon as you connect the IP phone service, it will contact the WIFI access point (such as your wireless router) periodically even when you are not making calls, this activity will use a lot of power.(C) The "Remote lock" is a great feature, and it is very easy to setup. First, you need to setup the "lock code" of this phone (after setup, write it down). Then enable the "Allow Remote lock" feature, it will ask a lock code again; it can be the same code in the FIRST step or a different one. If you lost your phone or simply forget your phone in the office; just grab another phone and send a text message to your phone, the message is the lock code. The message must contain the exactly same lock code, case must be matched and no extra space. Use another phone to send a text message is the best way to do it; some computer programs can send a text message to a wireless phone, but it tends to add some extra text in the message automatically, this will fail to lock the phone.

FAST WIFI, I USED IN MEXICO IN MOVISTAR AND WORKS FINE, WITH MY CLARION AUTOESTERO YOU CAN STREAM MUSIC, MAKE AND RECEIVE CALLS WITH NO WIRES (BLUETOOTH).

A very capable phone for office and personal use. I like that you can set up emails for both work and personal use,a nice feature. The phone itself is similar aesthetically to the costlier E71 minus the gps and a lower resolution camera, I can live with that for the price difference. I have a good gps and I have a good camera, so if you don't have either of these then you should look at the E71. Love the voice announcement that tells the name of the person when you get a call, great for when you have the phone in your pocket. Battery life is good, size and weight are good, screen is a good size, full keyboard is nice, even has a handy flashlight! (which doubles as the camera flash). Overall a very good phone, I highly recommend it. Nice that it comes unlocked too.

People, people...this is an amazing opportunity; move on it.  This phone is an EU phone that is being offered here in the US to gain market share and put the phone in the hands of the more casual user.  Go ahead, go to CNET and PCworld and check out the reviews; the E63 is typically compared with units costing 2-3 times as much.  So, it falls a bit short in some areas (camera, headphones, et al) so, it's not perfect.  For under $200, who cares?  Come on.  All current phones are obsolete in three years anyway, (or after the first drop on the airport floor)!The E63's got a vivid screen, great speaker, gets FM radio, a decent app store @ NOKIA.com, MicroSD slot, easy to sync up, great build quality and offers clear reception for TMobile, ATT and international travel, whenever we decide to do that again.  QKeyboard, ability to netsurf in hotspots w/o dataplan, US WARRANTY and by the way, currently less than $150 beans with rebate.  And no two-year contract.  Yankee Blue or Sox Red, they easily stand out among the Crackberry drones.  Wake up and smell the symbian, Baby...getting a great deal is the hot trend.

Very good morning!First and foremost a greeting!At this very moment I am receiving my task today 18 January 2011, it hoped to receive according to published the day December 24, 2011. (article: Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3 G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, and MicroSD Slot - U.S. Version with Warranty (Deep Blue) d on 11/29/2010)(by Nokia) which meets my expectancy; excellent product and good packaging, excellent your Office time.I should add that of the intermediary here in venezuela (seravila) does not meet with very poor clearance time.Thank you!!ROGER EDUARDO QUINTERO MARRIAGA

I've used this phone for an year and a half now. For the price, you can't ask for more. Nice look, nice keyboard feeling, Wi-Fi, good reception, a bundle of useful programs and an everlasting battery. It's a slim phone (not as much as the e71, but looks just like it, except for that is made of plastic) and it's pretty reliable. Only cons are that sometimes turns to be a bit slow, and lacks a GPS. Again, for the price, it's simple unbeteable.

It's a great phone.  I just fell out of love with AT&T.  I have two cases and chargers to go with it.  It's for sell here at Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00287XA7S.  Please take a look if you're thinking about buying this phone.

Only had my E63-2 a few days and like it very much so far. My first smart phone. So many features to explore. Sound quality is excellent (just don't put you hand over the microphone ;) Very nice size for me, solid feel, like the 3.5mm std headphone jack, enjoying the Internet radio app right now. Have not had trouble with mistyping on keys even they are small, dome shape seems to really help insure proper key presses.The gotcha that any business oriented user should know about. Out-of-the box VPN client only supports ipSec.  PPTP VPN (used by Microsoft's VPN and others...very common) is currently ONLY available via a not for free 3rd party app (SymVPN) I'm using free 14 trial right now to verify it does what I need. So far so good. Nokia should fix this if they want to compete for business users.Wifi (WLAN) appears to work very well, that's big for me because I do not want to pay for data plan, so at the locations I'm at most (home/work) of the time I have full/fast/free net access. Very Sweet!The Symbian S60 OS appears to have a fairly large community of folks willing to develop software for it so I'm looking forward exploring lots of free addition functionality on my new handheld computer...er.. phone.With the big price drop (I waited just long enough!) this was a great deal for me.

Excelent Phone for the price, the camera isn't have a great quality but it's ok for ramdomly use!

One thing is it could have a louder ringer volume for us that are hard of hearing. Operated flawlessly and as expected.

In looking to buy a smartphone from my service provider, the cheapest decent smartphone I could find ran me around $300, until I found the E-63 on amazon! with the exception of being a gaming device, This phone is perfect for staying connected with your friends while offering great applications for productivity and offering great 3rd party applications from the Ovi Store. Also, if you are on an AT&T family plan with unlimited texts, for only $10 more, you can get unlimited data for this phone.

It's a great smart-phone for the price (in fact it costs the double here in Dominican Rep.), it has a lot of needed-application, the interface is very user-friendly, the battery life is powerful, the keyboard is comfortable, solid built although is plastic it feels resistance, WI-FI, Quick Office, PDA, a 3.5 mm standard connector, micro-sd memory, wireless keyboard, this smart-phone was exactly what I was looking for a device where I could satisfy my business and personal necessities... what I didn't like was the lack of a micro-usb cable, the lack of a volume rocker, gps and decent stereo headset the one who comes in the box literally sucks but it's understood because of the price... I highly recommend this wonderful smart phone for people who wants a very good smart phone but has low budget.

I had recently upgraded to the Nokia E71x via AT&T. Per AT&T, the $10.00 Media Basic Plan I had from Jump Street was not qualified with the phone and I was required to purchase separate Data & Message plans. Heck NO, said I. I returned the phone and fought for days to have AT&T reactivate my Media Basic Plan since they canceled it during the activation of the E71x. I then saw the NOKIA E63 advertised at an unbelievable price...yup, I jump on it. Well, the phone was delivered and I am just freaking happy I purchased the E63. This phone is DYNOMITE and awsome as the other reviewer says. This phone came with applications that the guys at AT&T though was unimportant. Sure there is no GPS included, the cam is 2.0. So what! Big deal. The pictures are reasonably good. Look, I have several digi cameras. There is no love lost for not getting the E71x. In fact, I think i'll wait to get the E72 within the next 18 months or so. I'm sure the price will drop then. For now, E63 rules!

Hi,When I recieved this phone i was very happy to be the owner of the best value for money phone in the marked. This phone has host of features but has a very serious flaw. The calls get dropped with 'connection error'. In begining I thought this is just 'once in a while' problem due to network issues, but this problem increased with each passing day, until after 2 weeks i decided to return this phone.Maybe this happened only to me.This phone got one star for its battery life.Satish.

I have been using this phone for quite a while and it has been working flawlessly so far. Sometime, I have to reboot it, but that is not a big deal for me.

El producto fue adquirido para ser usado en latinoamerica. El telefono resulto muy bueno, lo unico malo que prodria decir sobre el es que solamente venia acompa&ntilde;ado por los audifonos y el cargador, ademas de los manuales, pero no tenia el cable USB...Lo recomiendo completamente...

PROS:- WiFi Connectivity- Usable with personal headphones, BlueTooth- LightweightCONS:- Mediocre battery life (can be attributed to usage)I bought this phone for its WiFi capabilities. I needed a phone which was compatible with Skype as I do long distance calls with this program. I am very pleased with my purchase. My only gripe is the mediocre battery life, which I think is due to the WiFi and BlueTooth modules being constantly on, plus the fact that I occasionally  use it for 4 hours straight playing MP3s at the office. I should experience better battery life if I use those 2 modules only as needed.

I've had this phone for about 1 month now and no complaints! Everything works well on the phone and it is very easy to use. Camera quality is good, video quality and sound is good. Uploading music on the phone was very easy and it plays well in the music player. Also, surfing the web is a breeze, the picture quality is good, videos on youtube shows really clear on the real player and the sound is excellent. Quickoffice is cool everything works well on that. I don't use the email feature but I do plan too, hopefully that is no bother.Like I said before, no complaints!p.s. battery life is really good!

I got this phone because my wife had problems texting with her blackbeary perl. It was a serprise. She wasent sure. But after a few days. She loves it now. The price for a unlocked smart phone like this, well I think you just can't beat it. The only problem is my  kids want to replace there phones with E-63s.

This is my first smartphone, and I can't beleive I waited this long to migrate from my old Razor. Pairing an unlocked smartphone with the ATT family data plan keeps the montly cost down.Pros: Call quality, Wi-Fi (works great at home and office), Keyboard, email set-up, VPN/intranet access, bluetooth, FM radio, Real Player, Maps, Opera browser (downloaded app), huge battery.Cons: no external button to quickly silence the ringer, hard to unlock while driving (2 key sequence), only 6 application Icons on main screen, screen a bit small.Overall: Very happy with the phone. I recommend it to anyone looking for a cost effective smartphone.

Lovely product works well with my network. I absolutely love it. Go for it anytime anyday!

as close to a black berry you can get wont bore you with procon if you are moveing up from any nokia some app wont work on this versondid figure out if an app says not compatable  remove card and turn off back on phone then install app this workes most of the time.love the key board and 2 screens while you here at amazion getting this order the ca101 data cable this does not come with it.and youll need to down load nokia p c suit no cd comes with it eather.

it is too easy to navigate all screens. everybody can use it easily. but hasn't got a gps.

Nokia E63First some background.I had a BlackBerry Pearl (8100) before and it worked pretty well, but I grew tired of not having a full keyboard. The Bold is a good phone but a but pricey for me, so I hunted around for an alternative.The Good -This phone is quite responsive, comes with decent built in memory, (110MB) I added a 1GB card to it. It takes decent pics but does not compare to a real camera or a camera phone. Plays most music and video formats but does not handle WMV. Email is a snap to set up, supports hotmail, gmail and yahoo mail with out you having to know anything other than your email address, will do IMAP pretty well too.Wireless LAN or HotSpot is easy to use, and I got some good free apps for it as well, including putty, so I can ssh into my servers when needed.The Not So Good -There are two ways to get your email, using the built in email client or you can download an application called "Nokia Messaging" The build in client is simple and straightforward, as is the Nokia messaging, I have one gripe with the Nokia messaging however, which is that it doesn't stop playing the email alert tone when tap a key. This can be a real pain in meetings, so I basically use the built in email client exclusively now.Lack of MSN /Yahoo / chat support is a pain, but apparently support in a new version of the phone's Operating System.Why oh why didn't they include a USB cable in the box???End result -  Good business phone at a good price. Buy it.

On Receiving this phone write a review, the phone is much more than i expected, before i got it i want to swap for a blackberry but as soon as it came into my hands i killed the idea especially  because it has all the features of a berry - full key, wifi, small and compact, stylish and totally irresistable.  I would go as far to say buy this phone and forget about any blackberry they only have name nokia E63-2 can be compared to blackberry and their features, the wifi is off the hook i just turned on my router and that was it. For $200 i would gladly buy this baby over a blackberry again.

it is an ok phone but due to a lack in users there is also a lack in apps

Quick takeaway: The phone for people with things to do, not for single-tasking, pinky dragging poseurs.I got this phone to be able to check email and surf the web while connected to wi-fi, not my carrier's data plans... The way it works is you open the "Web" application and at that point specify your wi-fi connection name and password; you need to also specify that you're always asked before connecting; to disable applications from connecting to your carrier for data you need to specify the option "When needed" for "Packet data connection" in Settings / Connection / Packet Data... My carrier is sneaky enough to offer certain services which (a) connect to them for data automatically, (b) have a cost themselves besides the data sent and received and (c) are a pain to stop... You can imagine just how much brand loyalty that inspires... With all these settings in place it seems you can always only connect to available wifi hotspots... But I'll be 100% sure when I get my monthly bill...About the phone here's a list of pros:- Very reasonable price- Actual, for real, physical keyboard, which is comfortable to use even for people with large hands; good keyboard shortcuts to get to where you want fast; copy paste to your heart's content- Multitasking: Leave an app running while you do other things- Much better reception than my previous phone (SonyEricsson W880); no more mad dashes to the nearest window, yay!- Can surf the web; gmail app, google maps, Opera, fring (instant messaging from your phone: addictive!), Skype- Obviously bigger and heavier than my very slim W880, but not overly bulky- Easy to learn how to use it if coming from another brand- Battery seems decent, although of course wi-fi and bluetooth use will drain it more quikly- Easy to read screen- Sober looking dark blue; nice feel and ergonomics- Responds quickly, only a couple of instances have thrown it off- Can view and edit word, excel, powerpoint documents- Can connect headphones without an adapter- Found a way to listen to streaming music (see flash problem below), which I find amazingCons and mehs:- Nokia mail seems to want to connect to carrier no matter what I do, so it won't get used- No data cable is included... Doesn't cost much- OS X application seems very limited; need to get the iSync profile or whatever it's called first; Windows program (Ovi something) seems much more complete- Easy to lose plug where headphones connect- Would love to have a way to know for certain that I'm not downloading data from carrier- Some sites ask for flash update- Sound isn't as good as on a SonyEricsson, no where near the great levels of a Sony Walkman: loud hiss on high quality MP3s ripped from CDs...Conclusion: honestly? Biggest bang for the buck.

First off, I love Nokia...with that being said I love this phone and this is my first phone that has a qwerty keypad.  I switch phones at least 2 or 3 times a year and I think I finally found one that I can be 100% happy with.  At first I didn't think I could dial numbers like 1-800-GOFEDEX or any number with letters in them but I finally figured out how.  In case you're wondering here is how:Once you have typed the numbers, press the function key once. Pressing the function key takes you out of the numerical mode and into ABC mode. You then press the shift key twice to enter the **ALL CAPS** mode and then continue typing the letters.-Type 1 800-Press the function key once at the lower left corner of the qwerty.-Press the shift key twice and look at the upper right hand corner of the screen to verify the ALL CAPS status.-Type the remaining letters for GOFEDEX.****************************The battery life seems to last forever,  The response time is very quick, and I like the music player. The picture quality is excellent and so are the videos.  The videos could be a little more crisp but for the most part its great.  It has a nice loud speaker phone and the call quality is great.  Very easy to use!  And how can you beat the price??  I got it for $[...] after a $[...] mail in rebate.  Love it!!!!  Nokia has yet to let me down.

this fone  is grr8, it does evrytin it says it does, its easy 2 use an set-up, tha internet is flawless, call quailty is good, good user interface. 2 thumbs up.

I bought this phone to use with T-Mobile Even More Plus Plan as i did not want to commit to 2 year contracts. My requirement was a quad band unlocked phone, with 3G, Wi-Fi, MP3 player decent camera around $200.Samsung Tocco Lite - No 3G & WiFi, No US warrantySamsung BlackJack - Had Windows Mobile OS - buggy and error prone. NO 3g, WiFiLG Cookie KP500 - No WiFi or 3G, no US warrantyNokia E71 - PriceyNokia E63 - Fits my requirementPros:- Good voice quality- Has WiFi, works anywhere there is WiFi - Free. No need to be in any plan.- Has MP3 player and camera- Has US warranty- Comes with screen protector- keys are sturdy, looks solidCons:- Scroll/Nav Button on the keypad does not behave like a mouse it behaves like a cursor(ie: when browsing if you want to click a link you have to scroll line by line until you get to the link)- No Touch screenOverall, a good value phone for $170. Also, no ongoing monthly cost to access WiFi.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my wife's ailing AT&T; phone. We do not want a data plan, and the WiFi works flawlessly. The Nokia applications for Facebook and Twitter work well, and popping in a 8Gb MicroSD will just be icing on the cake. As stated in other reviews, the camera quality is a little lacking, but hey, that is why you have a digital camera, right?The call quality is stellar, and we both have confidence we did not previously have with other phones.The features we are most interested are the facts that it is unlocked and it is quad band. We will use the phone here in the USA with AT&T; as the provider, and when we travel to Europe using a pre pay SIM card via Car Phone Warehouse.My wife is a geek, and has not put the phone down in over 48 hours of owning it. Nuff said!

I have had this phone for 6 months and I am very happy with this Nokia. The camera is nothing to write home about, but it is adequate for my uses. The IMAP and Exchange syncing is very smooth. I am on at&t here and 3g service is spotty, but when I travel the e63 manages to keep me conected in some very precarious locations. I strongly recommend this device especially for it's tethering capabilty.

I have now had this phone for about 4 months. I've been reading through the reviews where people have problems with the battery heating up and the phones not charging, but I have never experienced this. The internet browser works very well, the phone supports PDF files, you can create microsoft office documents...etc. Ovi files also works well with this phone so its easy to transfer files between your phone and a computer.The music player is decent, I don't really use it as a primary mp3 player,but as long as you have a decent pair of headphones its fine. Call volumes are also better than any phone I've ever owned.The only problems I've had are when texting/emailing the response is a little slow, but its not really much of a problem. Also be sure to buy a micro-USB cable because there isn't one in the box.

Before purchasing this phone I read most of the reviews and decided it was worth getting it. I don't have any type of data plan so I particularly like the fact that the phone asks you every time what network you want to connect; it allows me to save by not connecting by mistake to my phone network. To save battery life I changed the settings so it's not scanning for wireless networks all the time, and set the phone network to GSM, it lasts me four days. Also, there are lots of free apps out there, just do some research.

I've had the phone for less than a week. So far it's been great. I would recommend buying the data cable with the phone. I couldn't find a way to sync my contacts from outlook without it.

I am with t-mobile prepaid, and I don't have a data plan, but I am around wi-fi most of the time, so I bought this phone. I've been using palm products for years. This phone blew me away with functionality. The keyboard is amazing to type on. I connect with my international friends through skype on this phone for free, and I get my gmail and my instant messages from various im services (get yourself fring or nimbuzz and go to skype dot com to get native skype). I read twitter. I get to open my pdf lecture files and my college papers any time I want. I can get on most any website. I also love calendar and alarms on this device. The screen is small compared to my large screen palm, but I don't care, because the device is very slim, has unbelievable battery life and features full qwerty keyboard. I am taking all these over the large screen. I prefer this keyboard to touch input by far.

This cell phone has so great tele-communications features: Video 3G, VoIP, Wi-fi and good price too.

Besides the earlier comment that the phone does not support HSDPA, I think the phone also does not have integrated GPS.  When I tried to use GPS, it tried to bring up Bluetooth to connect to an external GPS device.

I want to start off saying that after using multiple phones over the years, I find this to be one of my top phones I have ever used.By being unlocked from the start, the phone is completely umbranded, meaning you don't have all of the cute AT&T; or T-Mobile logos everywhere, and have complete access to all of the settings that most providers will restrict you from changing. You also have 110MB of space free on the phone (a ton) for basic apps, and of course you can buy a MicroSD card for even more memory.The phone itself looks great. The blue color is actually an extremely dark navy, and can look black in most cases. As for the thickness compared to the e71, I think it actually feels better in your hand, and isn't that noticeable. The headphone jack is a great touch, allowing you to use any headphone set you want.As for the software, it uses the Symbian 9.2 Feature Pack 1, and includes software you can use to open and edit Word and Excel documents on the go. The built in music player is decent, and set up like an Ipod with its ability to have playlists, genre searches etc. You can even download the free Divx player and watch movies to go! Then theres the Nokia Ovi store. Sort of like the App Store for the iPone, you can download apps directly from Nokia, although at the moment due to its recent launch, there aren't that many things (especially free) being offered.The WiFi was the deal sealer for me. Living on a college campus which has wireless internet all over, I didn't want to have to pay to have internet and email on my phone. Its fast (compared to a friend's iPone, about the same speed)and it is great for surfing, along with using the build-in YouTube application.There is a ton of great free software on the web for the phone if you look for it, things like weather applications, instant messaging, mapping software (requires either a WiFi or a data plan to use) etc.I find the speakerphone loud and clear, and good enough to play music over.The keyboard is absolutely amazing. I haven't experience many misspellings while using it, compared to my past palm treo I had. The keys are comfortable and easy to press down.Battery life is great on this. I was able to get 5 days out of a charge with light usage (30 texts per day, maybe 20 minutes on the phone per day and 10-15 minutes per day surfing using the WiFi)The cons I've found:Nokia still hasn't set up a threaded text messaging system as default (IM style chats). My Windows Mobile phone from 4 years ago has this feature, and Nokia has their own application which does this, but you cannot set it as the default Txt messaging.Weak vibration feature. I can barley feel it. My previous Nokia was weak as well though.The Operating System (Symbian) does not assume or remember any connection settings. If you open your web browser, each time it will ask you what connection you want to use. It can get annoying if you are constantly in the same place.Other Tips I've foundIf you don't have a data plan, go into the Network settings and change it to be GSM Only (NOT UMTS). UMTS is 3G, and you will get better battery life using GSM only with no downsides if not using the data plan.To change volume with internet radio, press the function key, and then the up and down keys change the volume.In media player, you can start typing the name of a song or artist using the keyboard and it will show up.

This product was delivered and at the time no one was at home. There have not been a second delivery attempt by the USP services. I am really disappointed that it is taking this long for them to deliver my phone. I am presently out of the country but my nephew who resides at the house as well have called for delivery and they have failed to deliver my phone.

I am very happy with my phono Nokia E63-2, excellent balance between price and perfomace, deliver just on time.

if you need a smartphone, good branded, nice looking but low priced, this is the one.The phone feels great in hand, voice quality is crystal-clear and there are lots of apps available on the internet for this operating system but if you want an super-easy to use phone, you better look for other model. The camera is not too good and it does not support high speed download.Said that, it is a good purchase.

I like so much this phone!! The WI-FI and other features are excelents!! Amazon is a good seller the product come to me on time!

Works cool , no issues to be reportedPros :-Easy to operate , Blazing internet speeds , Speedy processor , customizable home setupcons :-Key pad is flimzy , camera quality not very good , headset jack design is bad

Its hard to find a phone that does everything you want it to.  Ive been looking for a phone with a good qwerty keyboard and accuracy because im a heavy text messenger. This phone delivers on that and more.  So much capability with this phone from GPS to Video calls for this price its almost a steal.  I was skeptical about ordering this phone at first because if I dont like it im too lazy to send it bacc.  But take it from a picky buyer.  You cant go wrong with the E-63

i have an iphone, an HTC hero from sprint, and I recently got this phone. I initially bought the iPhone to use as my work phone since my company uses AT&T. I loved the iPhone as a gadget since I am always an apple fan. However, the device has lots of issues from a business user's perspective. My main complain was the flimsy alarms for meetings. There is no way you can customize the alert tones in that phone. HTC hero is a very new product that I use for my personal use from Sprint. I like the device but the bluetooth sucks on this device. I paired it with my car's hands free connection, and the hero stopped connecting to the car from the next use. I think Sprint needs a major bug fix on the bluetooth area of this device. With all said, the e63 keeps making me happy. i love the utility of this device. I do not have a data plan since my company uses text messages for paging since it is cheaper than blackberry service. This has not been an issue since I have wifi on this phone. The bluetooth stereo works seamlessly with my car. the call and signal quality is perfect. I can synch the phone with both my outlook at work and my music on iTunes on an iMac at home. it even transfers the new podcasts. I have a 2 GB card in this phone. This is more than enough for my use as I only have a hundred or so songs that i listen to. I listen to a lot of financial and news podcasts. To make things more sweeter, the music transfer is possible over bluetooth. Apple does not allow that even on their own iPhone from a mac. Don't get me wrong, I love the macs, but I think Apple does not know how to make a perfect phone yet. They still need to learn a lot from an experienced phone maker like Nokia. My specific unit was manufactured in Finland. Has an excellent workmanship on the product. The keys are smooth. Much better than the virtual keyboard that iPhone or the hero sports. The device has a substantial feeling as not too light and not too bulky.  Did I mention the FM radio and the nice web browser? well, buy one and enjoy if you are a serious business user who is not too crazy about a berry.

T-MOBILE - For the price and service plan, can't be beat!I bought it unlocked at a local large retail store for only $149.99 on sale + tax.  Because it is unlocked, NO crippling T-Mobile software limitations and NO 2-YEAR contract!  PLUS, instead of having to pay the (outrageous) $24.99 monthly internet access plan required of any "smart-Phone" purchased from T-mobile, I only have to pay $10.00 a month for unlimited access to the web!  For me, the "EDGE" network is sufficient, but it would have been even better had the phone been able to access T-Mobile's 3G network (supposedly, E63 can access AT&T;'s 3G), can't ask too much from an unlocked phone that costs only $149 and a data plan that is only 10 bucks a month I suppose...  ;)Best Apps - Google Maps and Skyfire, must have's!Google Maps alone is practically worth $10 a month.  I love the "Show Traffic" and Streetview features!  And though it is not GPS equipped and won't give you turn by turn instructions, it does a good job of triangulating/estimating your location from the cell towers, so you can use Google Maps to effectively search for things near you.Skyfire - Version 1.5 was just made available, and this app works great at rendering most any webpage as you would see it on your computer, no more "mobile" versions of webpages!  Youtube even looks better on the phone than the YouTube app itself, videos are often choppy though if you're not on WLAN/Wi-Fi.Quirks:1) No dedicated volume buttons/rocker - quickfix, just push the function key (key in the bottom left corner used to access numbers/unlock phone etc) and then toggle up or down using the center select key.  I was frustrated at first when I was on a webpage and couldn't figure out how to change the volume, then I finally learned from another forum.2) Need to use Nokia's Ovi music software to transfer .mp3 files onto your SD card.  When I transferred my SIM card and SD Card from my old regular Nokia phone, I freaked out when my music files just would not show up on the phone.  It took me a couple of days to figure out what to do.3) Even if you're upgrading from an old Nokia phone, be patient in figuring out the User Interface / Menu format, not quite as intuitive as simpler Nokia phones, but once you get the hang of it, it's fine.Overall, great value!  Reasons I knocked it down to 4-Stars, no T-Mobile 3G access, and volume levels could be a little higher, but not a deal breaker.  After 1 year, the savings from not having to pay the $24.99 smartphone internet plan will pay for the phone ($15 monthly savings x 12 = $180)Final Note: Best protection I've found is the OtterBox Impact Series silicone skin, highly recommended.  It's only available in black, but it provides better protection than your regular silicone skin and it is contoured nicely to fit comfortably and securely in your hand.

Had an older version of this phone and was looking for something close that I might be familar with.  This phone is everything that I wanted.  I did not have it hooked to the internet so I cannot comment on the speed of that, but using it as a phone and for text messaging - which is what I wanted it - I would suggest getting it.

It's a smart phone, but I don't really use those SMART features. I only play around those cool internet features a little bit, such as web browsing, Facebook, Youtube application using wi-fi, they work very well.So the only thing that matters to me is the voice quality. My carrier is AT&T.; The reception all of the sudden becomes much better after I started using this phone. Even moving on the freeway, I still can clearly hear the other side, no too much drop on sound. The battery is also not bad, but this depends on how intensively you use the phone.It's a good phone.

It's a good phone for the price and all the features you can have with this phone. Although there are couple of issues I find with this phone - I always seem to get network connection error when I dial a number when I am inside a building. I am on AT & T service and my earlier phone (Nokia 6620) never had this issue. Also another issue I see when I dial a number, it happens numerous times, the dialed number never goes thru and I end up dialing the same number 2 or 3 times to get thru.

Looking for a decent UNLOCKED phone and not willing to pay that much, this is it! Love it when I'm asked if it's a Blackberry. Everyone needs to jump back on the Nokia bandwagon, I remember using several of their phones back in the day.Fantastic - think it's pretty smart on switching profiles for the work/home bit. Although, I haven't used it much. I have heard complaints on the camera [only 2 MP], but some photos I've taken came out GREAT! Remember it's not for professional photography. :) Buttons are easy to press, but then again, I'm a chick and have small fingers. My only regret is not purchasing the 8 Gig memory card and USB cable for the phone at the same time. Only been on the internet a few times via WiFi, so far, I like, think it's fast enough. Calendar/ActiveNotes/Office, thumbs up!What many fail to mention is call quality, I'm on AT&T; [in a metro area], and there have been several 'call disconnected' calls. Volume for speakerphone isn't that great, which I've gotten used too.

I brought this phone about a week ago off of Amazon's Warehouse deals in a Like New condition and you would have never guessed that anybody even touched the phone. Overall, the phone is amazing for the price that I brought it. I love the WIFI feature that it has on there, the quality of the sound during calls is amazing, and it holds a pretty big number of text messages.  The camera quality is not all that great, but it is a function on the phone, if you do need it.  The phone has a great feel to the plastic covering around it and the keys to type on are AMAZING. Overall, a great phone for a great price!

Not as good compare to other smart phone but it is cheaper than most. Wi-fi speed is horrible.

Very easy to use, good product for the price, audio could be better. Shipping was excellent.

ok well i brought this item as a gift to my cousin and so far they have not complained to me that some is wrong with it and its been a month so far..

SRES. DE LA AMAZONIAGRACIAS POR ESTA OPORTUNIDAD, EN VARIAS OCASIONES SE INTENDADO ENVIARLES UN EMAIL, YA QUE NUNCA Recib&iacute; EL PRODUCTO COMPRADO LOS DOS CELULARES NOKIA E63-2 DESBLOQUEADOS, POR TAL MOTIVO, NO TENGO NADA QUE OPINAR AL RESPECTO.

For the price this phone is wonderful.  It's solid, and very easy to setup.  I am using with TMobile prepaid SIM card and when inserted, it worked perfectly.  Brought over all my contacts.  Easy to connect to my home and work WiFi.I read a lot about this phone before I bought it and purchased it just because of reviews on Amazon. I read on other sites that it was hard to figure out and that the WiFi couldn't be turned off. Neither is true you just click on on the big square button and scroll down to turn on or off Wlan scan. And if you just read the start up you can figure it out no problem.  You don't need to set up a connection for email. Just Google your personal one and go there. Texting is easy with this keypad. Sound is excellent, I highly recommend this phone.

I've been looking for a new cell phone for over two years but couldn't find anything that I liked.  I love this phone.  It's extremely easy to use and has everything that I was looking for in a new phone.

Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)Excellent phone, very complete, ideal for business people, very friendly and easy to handle.

This product has been great so far.  It has crashed only twice in the two months that I've had it so far.  Navigation is a bit annoying with the smaller screen but this only happens when the site does not have a mobile version.  I fell about from a 1.5 feet to the ground one day and it affected the sound on the touchpad a little but no further damages have been noted.  The keyboard has been my greatest liking of this product. Dislike the fact that the radio only works with headphones as I have wanted to put it on loudspeakers because it has great reception quality.All in all a good device.

Bait & Switch, they slapped a NAV sticker on the box, sent a music express with a screen flaw. Would only offer the money back, not the correct item.

I will qualify this at the beginning by saying that my first pick for a mobile phone would be the iPhone, but that's unfair since the iPhone is hardly just a phone. But at the moment the ATT service for the iPhone is simply out of my budget and I still have a few months left on my T-Mobile account. I went searching for a quality phone that had a full keyboard since I text a lot, and the quality and versatility, the ability to sync with my Mac OS. After searching at the other options (blackberry, palm, samsung, lg) there was simply no comparison for the price, and in fact I after receiving the phone and using if for almost a month, I am really pleased with it. But since I am not going to write a novel here on the virtues and vices of this phone (or any other 'thing-product' whatsoever - ain't that just losing sight of priorities a bit?), I am making this effort just for those in similar conundrums (their phone broke, lost, etc. and need to buy a new one, but don't want to spend $400 or up)Pros: Ergonomically, the phone seems a perfect balance of size and weight. In fact in has a nice weight to it that lends it a solidity, without being too heavy. It's not clunky like the blackberries and is more elegant. (the keyboard is slightly small, but makes sense to keep the width nice, and it's manageable (probably more so for female hands). The battery is quite large and gives it a long operational time. I seem to go at least 4 days without charging (if I don't connect with wi-fi, that certainly uses more power). As for going online, the wi-fi and browser work really well - certainly it's not for the most functional online experience, but great for checking some news, sites, and works especially smoothly if it's a mobile web configured site. The most useful aspect of the wi-fi is VoIP, that is, making calls via the internet - I cannot boast of this more highly. I used it almost right away and it works superbly - this is a big, big advantage if one doesn't want to use their account minutes (it comes configured with Gizmo - where you can purchase credit - but if you download Nimbuzz, you can add you're Skype account (and about a gazzillion more (chat accounts, yahoo, msn - it coordinates all these communication accounts under one account, and works well so far!). The Calander, Contact syncing works great with my Mac - and it's all bluetooth wireless.Con: Nokia doesn't have the app variety of the iPhone (but that is not really so much as a complaint as I didn't expect it would!) The interface is ok, but some steps seem to be redundant and could be tweaked better (like when wanting to make a call, one has to keep navigating through a few steps. Nokia still has not added this phone to it's Ovi suite (which coordinates your cell phone with your computer and online account to make it more seamless, but they say they will) ; also waiting for their Ovi suite to work with the Mac OS (once again, they say it will happen soon).Could go on, but must have a life - - I highly recommend this phone as an affordable intermediary between iPhone and the mundane!

This is a great cell phone, specially for the Wi Fi connection. I've have always have nokia mobile phones and this is one of the best ones. I didn't want to pay extra money to get internet on my mobile, so this is the best deal!Nokia E63-2 is a little too big, but still I love it! Buying it by Amazon was secure and I received it in Quito, Ecuador sooner than I thought.

I love the keyboard on the phone/and wifi, but the volume is not that great and earpiece did not work with phone.

a excelent product from Nokia...easy to use, the best battery long life i have never seen.the relation price-benefit is ok.Like a bussines phone, have a good performance.The Camera would be better but it's not a problem for me.important... this phone not have a external VolumeControl and sommetimes it could be necessaryResumen.. is a very good phonegood signalgood battery

only thing i did not like at the time was that it tend to be slow and the picture quality from the camera was very poor.when i bought it in sept 2010 it was the phone i was waiting for, it is still work up to now. cause i did resell it to a relative who still uses it alot.

Following is my experiece with E63. I know specs very well before deciding to purchase, so i know what i m going to get in this price.First of all I wanted E71 and waited for few months but price did not dropped as expected. Then i checked my usage and found that i m not at all using 3G as most of the place i have wifi available. GPS i already have in CAR. So why to shell 140+ buck over just 2 fetaurs...which i m not goig to use. So this is totally my own requirement based decision. Now more regarding pros and cons:- Phone is blesing fast(same as E71) No compromise in speed even cheapear then E71.- As whole world know 3.2MP in E71 or 2MP E63 both are crappy. As most of the time business ppls don't mind this.- Productivity softwares are limited, but who cares, on Symbian everything available.- wifi and bluetooth works greate, without any glitch.- Sound quality is more then good enough. But don't compare it with any music/walkman series phone... as this phone's usage is different.- Display is crystal clear. In full sunlight also i can read even smallest character without efforts.- Keypad: initially i thought it's very small keys...but in just 5 minutes i can type very fast without much mistakes. It's really good one.- U can use your own choice of headphone. One came with bundle is just formality in package.- Nokia missed a USB cable. I am sure it will not cost them 3 to 5 bucks to give with bundle. Anyways i ordered from Amazon in just 2.5 $ + around 3 $ shipping :) instead of 29.5 $ on Nokia site.- Next most important thing is fancy Colors. All E series should be available in minimum Black or Dark grey colors. I opted for Blue one :(.- Browser requires some more improvements. Web pages without mobile specific version some time not displayed properly. Speed is good enough.- Build quality is rock solid. No voice of lose plastics. Even you don;t feel it's made up from plastic.Again selection of buying this one is just my intended usage based. Also i specifically does not want a touch screen due to i never take care of this gadgets. One more biased thing is that i have never used phone other then Nokia. I can't leave without nokia in my pocket.Hope this will help you and thanks Amazon for creating such trusted  & reliable market place, which provides merchandises at rock bottom prices.

Nokia can sometimes be like Toyota - they build a model, then they improve on it. This is the case with the E63 as a successor to the E71 and E61. Cheaper and better. Period.There are a number of arguments for this - no metal case (plastic, here. But hard plastic...); camera isn't something to write home about - but then neither is the previous one.Anyway - who asked for a high-end camera in an efficient business phone? Someone who from Enron that moved to AIG? Gimme a break.Getting back to my starting point - the E61 is a great phone (it still works, after three years, three deep dives & umpteen kocks and drops) which the E71 improved upon - the improvement being that you can no longer buy the E61 but the E71 gave you the same capabilities in a better-looking package.And this is where I get to why I actually like the E63 - it is like the E61 even though it don't got the E71 nifty metal frame, and it's much cheaper, and it still has a great battery life. And because I can't get my hands on another E61 any more. Shame on Nokia.I probaly do not need to make the point but I will - all of the above phones give you document, spreadsheet and .pdf capability. I wrote and sent documents on letterhead from under the beach umbrella on all. I hated my phone bill later (and my lack of patience to use the laptop on a wi-fi hotel link). Then again - all of these Nokias have wi-fi capability - which is a lot more than you can say about a lot more of the competition. And that makes the guilty feeling all the worse.I must pay (lip) service to the competition:1. Aplle i-phone has no battery life which you can't replace and is not a business phone. Please - it's a phun phone.2. Blackberry will give you all of the above, excepting battery life like the e61 or the e63 (Nokia, can I get the e61 battery in an e63 phone? Pretty please?)3. Sony-Ericsson I will not badmouth because I never could get used to using them.If you must have a Nokia that will do all of the above while fitting where it must - this is the phone for you.Finally - the e61 brought back the good old times of analogue digital phones from the early '90s: "Is that a Nokia in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?"

This phone has given me more headaches!  I got the phone brand new and it did not charge.  It has never charged.  I have just sent it to be repaired for the 3rd time for the SAME problem that they just never fixed.  So I have had the phone for 2 months now and never even used it.  Because I bought it through Amazon, NOKIA won't just replace it, but rather they keep making me send it back to the same place (PALCO) to "fix" it, even though they have never actually ever fixed the problem.  SO, I have no idea if the phone is a quality product, because I actually have never used it!  Customer service with NOKIA sucks too!Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)

Bought the phone around a month ago. So far its been great with minor flaws internet crashes sometimes after it freezes but so far happened twice. Using it with tmobile tzones and has worked great. Apps wise not close to iphone but its still has normal apps. Camera decent quality for the phone. All an all satisfied with the phone.

I tried to register my phone on the nokiausa site and also to check if there is a software upgrade for it. When I entered the product code found on the back of my phone I get a message that the code is not found. The IMEI number is correct found in the software and the back of the phone.Have you folks tried this too? If I can't register my phone at nokia then I can't get a warranty on it. Could my phone be a refurb?

It's a great phone for the price, and all the features you can have with this phone. The only issue for this phone that can make video call is that Nokia should made it with a front cam.I don't understand why make a phone with video call without front camera. In this phone you have to use de back camera for the video call. But taking that out, this is a super phone if you don want to spend much money for a 3G phone.

I actually bought this phone for my brother that travels abroad and has international service on his plan. Th phone worked right of the batch. I also like all the email capabilities.

This E63 is good if you do not want to be locked into another 2 year contract with a phone company. The phone works pretty good for the price I got from purchasing from amazon, I am suppose to be getting a $50 rebate from Nokia so the purchase at the time was a decent value for a smart phone. (it has been 8 weeks and I have not seen the rebate yet so I may change my opinion on value :-)I do like my old Blackberry phone better for some of their features but for the price, this Nokia E63 does the job. Be sure to order the CA101 cable from amazon if you decide to purchase, Nokia in their dumb wisdom do not include this "must have" cable with the packaging.

Pretty good device, any time I've had any problems or questions Nokia customer service is prompt to answer the call and help me, both times for different issues the problem was resolved.  The screen is a little small.  I am NOT happy however with how it syncs to Outlook, I was specifically looking for a device to sync with my Calendar, Tasks, and Contacts.  A couple time the Contact sync failed, but the items added to my Outlook contact were added to my phone anyway.  THE OUTLOOK CALENDAR SYNC is the worst I have LOST information when syncing even when I have not made any changes either to Outlook on my desktop or my phone, I synced the calendar and lost information - that was really bad.  Also, every time I sync the notes in my calendar experience a format change which is annoying, so I can't keep an outline format, it changes font and color for different lines of text, it erases information - really sucks.  So I am not syncing my Calendar anymore, VERY VERY UNHAPPY about that.  Have had a few other technical problems too like 'data packet' errors, I am hoping those will be resolved with a little better understanding of the tech specs.  I don't recommend this phone for someone who is not ready to understand tech specifics in detail, I would have stayed with ITouch and continue using my old phone, but it was not sophisticated enough for me.  Although, maybe I should have, ITouch seemed to sync my Outlook Calendar well.

Pros:Good CameraHot-Swappable microSD card slotKeyboard very responsive and has great tactile feedbackHighly CustomizableGreat Signal Strength, where other phones get 0-1 bars this gets at least 2Fantastic Battery life even under heavy useTough Case, not a cheap feel at allThousands of available apps that meet almost every needEasy to set up wifi but still has the advanced settings for more complicated set upsVery internet friendly, loads pages quickly and accurately3.5mm headset jack makes it easy to use any headphones with this and the phone knows what type of headphones you're using so it sets up most settings automaticallyKeyboard design is better laid out than e71Can use $15 a month unlimited data plan with at&t; getting this phone unlockedCrystal clear call qualityCons:No Volume rocker, definitely missed but not neededProcessor power leaves you wanting just a bit moreEarpiece Volume is a bit lower than expected but adequate for everyday use.Range of the wifi locater is greater than the range that the wifi can actually connect to so it leaves you unable to connect to wifi you can "see"No GPS, but it will use the cell phone towers to approximate where you are within 300 feet, so Google Maps and other map applications will still know generally where you are.Overall you can't beat the quality you get for the price you pay. If you're struggling between this phone and the e71, e71x, or even e72, the features that they off are identical except for a few perks. Really think about what you're going to use this phone for and you'll find that this phone will usually meet all of your needs.

I bought the Nokia E63 about 1 month ago..... & I love it.... it has everything I was looking for.... & it works great.... & perfectly in Trinidad & Tobago.... couldn't be happier.....I would definitely recommend it....

Excellent product, fast and in good conditions shipping. What can I say? Just excellent... Really happy with amazon and the product.

Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Full U.S. Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)My service provider: T-mobileMy service package: Voice (No data service)My application: personal useIf you are considering buying a smart phone and you don't want to pay a whole lot of money I would say BUY THIS PHONE NOW. This phone is the lil brother of the Nokia E71x and I would say buy the E63 and save your money. I bought this phone on 6/30/09 and it was sent to me 2 days later. I bought the phone for [..] and received a $[...] rebate, so I paid [...] for the phone. The phone is easy to setup and and the user interface and not hard to navigate once you get used to it. There phone is very much customizable so you can fit it just how you like it.Pros:-THE PHONE CAN READ TEXT MESSAGES, ALOUD!-QWERTY keyboard is large enough so you don't accidentally hit the wrong keys.-Shortcut buttons can be setup however you would like.-As always nokias are sturdy as a brick so you don't have to worry about this thing breaking in one drop, however I would still recommend buying a case for it though.-THERE IS A WAY TO SET THIS UP TO SYNC WITH MICROSOFT OUTLOOK 2007! I was able to sync it with my calendar as well as my email that is used through my school(baylor).-Can connect to any wi-fi signal as long as it is public or you can get the data service from your provider.-You do not have to pay for a data package because you can set the phone us to use various wi-fi signals wherever you are.-There are a whole bunch of apps that you can add to your phone:[...]Cons:-The phone only has a limited amount of memory so you will have to buy a microSD card but I bought an 8GB microSD [...] with an adapter for only $[...], and it works well.- There is no high speed data transfer for this phone, but like I said if you connect to a fast enough wireless signal this should not be a problem.-If you have AT&T; you can use 3G if you have tmobile you will have to use 2G but it still is fast enough.

I had this phone for 4 days and I am pretty satisfied with this product so far. I feel that I should break down the product:Look and feel: The look and feel is wonderful. This phone has a hard plastic body that is not prone to finger prints.  Nokia has done a great job with the weight and design.Battery life: The battery is okay, I have expected better because within a day of usage (internet browsing, calling, and texting) the battery life drained to half its capacity.Organization: Although the first time I used the phone the calendar is pretty confusing because of the different categories of organization. After I got the hang of the calender, saving events were pretty easy.Camera: Not the best, I have seen better but I have anticipated that because of many reviews I've read.Media: Switching the memory card from one phone to another also transfered my songs and pictures. Also, with this phone I can set my own ringtones.

I've had the E63-2 (North American Version) for a few days now, and am really loving this phone so far.  It's my first Symbian (S60) phone, so I was a little hesitant about the learning curve.  And to be honest -- it's not anywhere near as intuitive as the iPhone or Android.  But if you're a little bit tech savvy, it won't be a problem at all.The phone feels great in hand.  I've held the E63's big brother, the E71, and I prefer this one better.  The rubberized plastic doesn't feel cheap at all, offers a superior grip, and maybe best of all, doesn't get all smudged up with fingerprints.  It's still relatively slim, though not as sleek as the E71.  But again, I prefer it -- it's just easier to hold.The QWERTY is nicely designed, and the keys feel great to push.  Numerically, the "0" is to the right of the "9" instead of underneath the "8," which is kind of jarring at first, but I got used to it.  Another design annoyance is the lack of a volume rocker on the side... you have to use the D-Pad, which means taking the phone away from your ear mid-conversation.  No dedicated camera button either, but that didn't bother me much at all -- you can take a picture in two button clicks away from the home screen.Voice quality is crystal-clear, rivaling any land-line I've ever used.  The ringer's nice and loud, though getting to the Sound settings themselves require a series of button pushes, instead of being "right there."The default mail client is decent, though I've run into some problems connecting to my ISP's POP3 mail server.  I downloaded Nokia's new mail client, which is a lot more graceful.There are lots of apps available on the internet for this operating system, but they're scattered all over the place and they're hard to find unless you really know what you're looking for.  However, that's going to change very soon, as Nokia's "Ovi Store" is set to open next month (May 2009).  Looks very promising -- and even appears to have the elusive S60 Facebook app that's been conspicuous in its absence.Anyway, great UNLOCKED smartphone for the price.  Might be lacking in some minor areas (no GPS, average camera quality, no volume rocker), but it makes up for it in others (WiFi, stable operating system, app store coming soon).Strong recommendation from me.

Me compre este producto para Costa Rica y funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n con la red del ICE 3G, es un gran tel&eacute;fono el Quick Office es de mucha ayuda, el Wi Fi es muy r&aacute;pido, a la visi&oacute;n de las paginas web es muy muy buena y se ven las animaciones Flash, se carga muy r&aacute;pido, la bater&iacute;a le dura aproximadamente 3 d&iacute;as, hay muchas aplicaciones para descargarle, le doy 5 estrellas, buena compra.

Nice phone to use in work. Very conveniant. I'm not using it as a primary phone I have an iPhone but as a secondary for job thing it's good.

Timely delivery.  Everything as stated.  Brand new to enjoy hopefully for a long time.

Just got it a few days ago. Love it.Some points I'd like to talk about*A smart phone for 150 without a contract? Unbelievable.If you install the Skyfire browser, the phone will run ANY website. It'll run flash, AJAX, java.*The lack of 3G on t-mobile is a bummer but Edge works fine for my needs. Nokia has fantastic apps like "internet radio" and "here and now", which tells you the hourly forecast and movies and events nearby your exact location.*The lack of GPS sucks but it does include Nokia Maps so you can look up mapquest directions directly on your phone without internet.*The internet plans for this phone is very reasonable, much lower than the crackberry, sidekick or iphone plans. This unit offers FREE push e-mail which is exactly like blackberry phones except...FREE.*Mobbler works on this phone and is very close to Pandora Radio.*This phone plays flash very well. So, youtube, hulu, etc etc runs pretty smoothly. It doesn't always play perfectly (without a little skipping) but works well.* Features it gained vs the Nokia e71: A flashlight (the led for the camera) button, which comes on by pressing spacebar on the phone, a backslash button, 3.5 mm jack for music(the gym).*Features it lost vs the Nokia e71: NO side buttons for volume control, 0.1 inches thicker, no GPS, no HSDPA, no case.In closing, unless you need GPS, HSDPA, or a fake leather case, GET THIS PHONE.

Nokia is a good trademark for a cellphone I am so happy I bought this cellphone as a gift and it was perfect, has all the functions for a office person. (Word, Excel, PP, Adobe). Internet works fast....

THIS MPHONE IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED FOR MY USE! I ENJOY ALL THE FEATURES! WOULD BUY IT AGAIN

I purchased this phone about 3 months ago from Amazon for my team here at Real St. Lucia Tours. So far the smart phone has proved to be absolutely amazing; since I received it I have been totally obsessed in tinkering around with its features.If there's one thing which totally stands out with the Nokia E63 is its price, I had been shopping around for BBs initially and was turned off on their price. I wanted a phone with many business features, quality and don't cost an arm or a leg. The E63 was my answer, at just under $200.00 this phone can stand everything thrown at it.The fact that my team and I arrange adventure travel excursions for international clients means that we are often in many different environmental settings and call quality on the thing seem to be always perfect. I have had a few dropped calls though and am not sure whether that's the phone or the network "Lime" I am using.The phone has basically all the features you would need in a smart phone and much more, podcast, radio, maps and a whole host of apps. We conference call on Skype with our partners from Australia every Friday and having the Skype application installed on this handset just makes it a whole lot easier than sitting in front of a computer with a headset.The battery life is more than sufficient, I personally run about 6 applications on my phone at any given time "Wi-FI Enabled" - Skype, Opera, YouTube, office, and Nokia mail and the E63 make doing all this a snag.One of the main downside to it is the fact that it doesn't come with much on-board memory and you will have to buy a micro SD card which doesn't cost much, but hey, at least you are not forking over an extra $100 to by a BB.The phone is well built and doesn't look cheap at all, you can view my team and I using it while on the road at my website [...].Thanks to Amazon, the fact that we are in the Caribbean, we received our phone in less than two weeks. Comes with a not so fancy headset and well packaged. I am hoping to use the E63 for about a year and depending on the full experience purchase another Nokia."Good Job Nokia & Amazon"Janus Gyan

Have been using it for a month and i'm totally used to it. Have installed several apps that work great: twitter, facebook and youtube work amazingly good. No problems with WIFI. Good agenda too. Is the best smart phone you can ger for less than 200.

Be aware this phone does not work with T-Mobile's WiFi and HotSpots.  It is NOT equipped as the description shows. Other than that, the phone is great.

Nokia E63-2This phone was too difficult to work with.  I did not like the screen or the size of the font.  It is bulky and I have no desire to carry around the manual to use the phone beyone a call.  I liked the keyboard but there are many many phones with good keyboards for a lot less money.

Bought this phone for use on Cincinnati Bell's network and it works great.  The phone has many features, and all seem to work great.  The call quality is great, and texting is much easier with the full keyboard.  The wifi works really good.

I am really happy with my purchase. I got exactly what I wanted in the right price.I love the dark blue color of my phone not to mention all of its functions..I would recommend this to a friend.

I bought 2 phones from Amazon. They both worked fine during the year. One week after the 1 year warranty expired, both phones act up. They self-restarting every 5 minutes. I did the hard reset and formatted the phones. It didn't fix the problem. Can't send back to Nokia because the warranty expired.Now I end up with 2 expensive paper holder. No more Nokia brand for me. Lesson learned!

I think this product is good for the price I bought it (around US$ 165).I bought it for a present for my Mom to use overseas. She called me back saying the product was great and working well.

This is a good product.  It took a while to setup with my exchange network, and it also required some effort to get familiar with it.  Once I invested the time in setting it.  It is a good smartphone and after looking at many alternatives this turns out to be a great deal.  I travel allot so the unlocked phone saves me money since I dont have to pay $1.5 dollars per text message when I am traveling.

Estoy muy contento de haber realizado mi primera compra sin ninguna dificultad.  La entrega fue rapida y el producto fue entregado en perfectas condiciones y de acuerdo a lo que se indica. Gracias.

I love this phone it is easy to use and has great features built in.  The only problem with this phone is the plug you have to remove every time you are going to use the headset.  This is very small and not connected to the phone so myou have to be careful not to lose it.  Otherwise I reccommed this phone highly.

I've had this phone for almost two weeks now, and I'm loving it! I came from an iPhone 3G, then a Moto Q9h, and now to this. So far it gives me what I really want from a phone, VERSATILITY! I mean, I love to customize my phone to work FOR me, not the other way around.I loved my iPhone, but the lack of multi-tasking hampered me, and the data plan from my carrier was $30/mo. The Moto Q9h has all the features, but WM 6.1 is what it is, Windows Mobile. It tended to freeze and require at least one or two soft resets a day.This isn't my first Symbian phone, so I knew what I was walking into with the OS. What amazed me was the speed. This has got to be one of the most responsive OS UI's ever implemented, especially for a Nokia! All the features just come together nicely, and you can easily customize the phone to your liking.Quick examples:HARDWARE- 8gb Class 6 Transcend MicroSD- OtterBox Impact CaseSOFTWARE- Opera Mini (Web Browser)- Photo Browser (Nokia Beta Labs)- Fring (Instant Messenger)- Google Maps- ThreadSMS (Threaded Text Messaging)- Mail For Exchange (Nokia)- ProfiMail (HTML Email Client)Sounds like a lot of personalizing there, but it's more like you're starting with a blank slate for the phone, and you're just adding what you really need.As for the rest of the phone, the thing feels rock solid. The keyboard takes a few days to get used to. The keyboard shortcuts are great, and I really dig that this model has a dedicated "Ctrl" key. The preset buttons for Calendar, Contacts, and Messaging can be remapped to what you want them to do. The screen had me worried because I didn't know if it was made of a scratch-resistant material. The OtterBox case comes with a thick screen protector, so that solves that.In a nutshell... Snappy performance, fully customizable, mp3 and video ringtones (not kidding), good signal, doesn't need the more expensive data plan from At&t;, when a program were to freeze just hold the home key (task manager) and close it from there (doesn't usually happen), and it's great for multitasking!

I got this as a gift.  Recipient told me: 'Well i tought it was very good. ring tone was loud as i liked. buttons worked so fine, id really advise people who love texting get it. its awesome.'

So I bought this phone to use overseas; I had to buy an unlocked phone. Initially I was happy with it, but then out of the blue it just stopped receiving network. I thought it was my sim card but it(sim card) works fine on other phones. So it's definitely the phone. Waste of money! Still looks brand new coz I took such good care of it, but it's useless:-(

Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)

A new experience after using a first generation phone for over 5 years.  The Nokia E63 has changed the way I use my phone and what I can do on the go
