
It's a great cell phone so much better than the iPhone but it weakness is the battery. The internet wi fi is fast and stable, the "32Gb hd" is almost unlimited and allow you to do a lot of things and save files or data. But if you use the cell phone a lot like me to work you will agree that being all the time charging the battery it's a pain in the ... (Just 1 day for hard work). But it is the best cell phone that I ever had and I keep telling to my friends change the iPhone for one N97, better camera, better keyboard, better navegation, better memory (I add a extra 16Gb memory card), it doesn't get to hot as the iPhone when you use it. It doesnt get 5 stars because of the battery.

Good phone, looks, feel and works fine, but has many bugs. I'm waiting for a firmware that can fix all.

The battery is very hard  to get in. The screen changes continually making it difficult to stay on track when using it. It drops calls continually. Everyone that calls me, complains about it. The case on the back of the phone does not stay in place. I would like to send it back. It is difficult to turn on and off. I was looking forward to getting this phone and it has been a disappointment.

If you are a power user, don't buy this phone.For comparison, i had a blackberry 8800 that I wanted to replace.Bottom line up front: Don't buy it.  I'd rather take a risk on the HTC Touch Pro 2 if you can wait for it on your carrier/afford it unlocked.  Or wait longer and see what android phones come out.Rather than bore you with discussion of why I originally chose the n97, lets just get into my experiences:Major Issues:1. It no longer receives text messages except when sending.  (This is within a month of buying)2. The exchange email sync locks up regularly and normally has to be manually sync'd when it is working.  Also, notes doesn't sync at all for me.3. Even if you install everything to the phones 32GB memory, the phones small internal memory still fills up causing the phone to basically lock up.4. I find myself rebooting the phone regularly to get it to work.5. The web browser becomes unresponsive while loading pages (so if 1 picture on the page isn't loading, you can't browse the rest of the page.  I find myself regularly waiting for pages to load rather than reading what is already loaded.)  Also, even when loaded pages don't scroll around very well.6. The software availability is much less than I expected.  Maybe I'm just bad with google, but it seems like most the programs I want are from the US.  And US developers seem to develop in this order: 1. iphone 2. blackberry 3. windows mobile.  They just don't develop for s60.  For some reason I can never fine the European equivalent of the programs I want.  Also, very few programs seem to have been updated from s60v3 to s60v5 so even if someone HAS done the software, it doesn't necessarily work on this phone.  That includes most of nokia's own software.7. Battery life is not enough to make it through an entire day if you're using it regularly throughout the day.  It'll make it if you leave it in your pocket while you're at work, but if you leave it on your desk, (say because work blocks all the websites you want to visit), you better plan to have it plugged in the whole time.8. The call log stopped recording so I can't see who called me any more.9. I have to leave it on vibrate so it doesn't ring at work yet can rarely actually feel it ring.  I don't know if it's not vibrating or just so week I can't tell but I miss 100% of the calls I get when I'm not looking directly at it.10. The phone app does not interact well with any other app so you'll likely screw up a call if you're in an app when you get it.  Alternately I regularly have trouble actually hanging up.  I don't think the red button on the bezel works the same as the "end call" soft button.11. It takes at least 3 clicks to do basically anything whether it's run a program, view a contact or pick who to send a text message to.  nothing is well laid out.Minor issues:1. All the configuration options are buried, obscured or unavailable.  It's a hunt to try and configure anything.2. The Facebook app requires 2 clicks just to tell it 'yes you can connect to the internet' every time you open it.  (This is pretty consistent.  Everything wants your personal interaction to tell it how to connect to the internet.  This is easy: if available, use wifi, if not use cellular.  With AT&T; there are another 2 or 3 options I don't even understand.)3. The Facebook app stopped loading pictures.4. It doesn't come with a password keeper and all the options are mediocre on this phone.  (There are 3 or 4 options but none I consider acceptable.  I could do an entire post on whats wrong with the different password keeper options.)5. Ovi Store doesn't let you re-download programs.  It knows you've bought them but it won't let you reload them.6. The podcast program doesn't automatically download your podcasts in the background and it doesn't save your spot in them.  (However, I found out if you play the podcasts through the music player it will save your spot as long as you don't play anything else in between.)7. The screen does not redraw well8. The music player is mediocre at best.  It seems I have to dig down to the song just to play anything.  I'd like to hit 'play' and have some random song play.  This is an acceptable player for maybe 2 or 3 years ago.  Today people expect a reasonably thought out interface.9. The rss reader is built into the web browser and has to be dug down to.  Why can't I just hit an RSS app and have my RSS's, updated, at my fingertips?10. Ok, I know below I throw a bone to the keyboard, but it's quirky.  I regularly hit the 'right' key on the d-pad when trying to type which sends my cursor to the front of the text, (where I then type half a sentence before realizing it).  Also, I regularly confuse the 3 'alt' keys, (which you'll use regularly).  This slows me down and causes me to retype a lot.  Also, I'll get an 'alt' key locked in place and type a whole sentence in numbers and symbols.11. Just can't find a reasonable game for it.  I just want a simple RPG to keep me busy when I don't have a cellular connection but can't find one that will install.12. The cut and paste are very poorly implemented.That said, it's not a completely terrible phone1. In general, all the hardware is good.  They've got a decent platfrom, their just abusing it with terrible software.2. I get a TON of use out of the 32gb of memory.  It's just like having a 32GB memory stick with you as long as you've got the cable.3. I like podcasts on my phone. If the software was a bit better it'd be perfect.  I let them download in the background and then play them in my car whenever I drive, (and all things considered and morning addition aren't on).4. At least it can kinda sync.  It brought over my exchange contacts and calendar.  That is pretty nice though I'm not sure it's actually sync'ing changes backwards.5. I like the integration between the GPS, the Nokia 'locations' program, google maps, etc.  There's even a program to GPS tag your photos.6. The camera takes great photos and reasonable video.  Qik is cool for streaming/sharing video online.7. The keyboard isn't bad inherently.  The keys are definitely ok to type on.8. Size and feel of the phone are pretty good. The flip up is great.9. The widgets are nice though I don't use the facebook (I had it up for a bit but I never really cared about anything it was showing me) or the weather (the weather has a solid background which is an ugly contrast to most other widgets that are semi-transparent) widgets.10. It makes a great modem for a laptop, whether as a wifi access point or as a tethered modem.  That said, I wish the hardware supported WPA because, being at DEFCON this week, WEP is just asking someone to crack it.Hope this helps others avoid a very expensive mistake.  I'll probably try and sell it on ebay and go back to my 8800 while I wait for AT&T; to get the HTC Touch Pro 2.  I just hope it's not crippled in some way.

I have been using this phone for the last month, I use this phone for my corporate email, and occasionally for web browsing. I rarely game on this phone, and don't expect to game on it. This is a great business phone over the iPhone and E63/E71.Pros- Keyboard: Great for email and SMS, but keys might be too small for people with big hands, I have a medium size hand and occasionally still makes typo- Battery Life: A lot better compared to my iPhone 3G, on average expect 2 days before needing to charge, on par with E63/E71- Camera: Good pictures, not great but definitely workable. Video are great, I take them occasionally, and then upload them back to my computer, and they are great (not HD, but color is accurate and video is smooth).- Ovi Store: Good selection of apps, much less choices compared to Apple's App Store, but a good start. My only complain is that the apps are expensive compare to Apple, even though they are the same program by same developers.- Ovi Suite: Great program to sync all your note/contact/calendar/photos/sms/programs, it even allows you to do backup/restore from the phone, great if you need to reset and format the phone. Syncing has been flawless!!- Nokia Map: Works great, same as iPhone, but voice navigation will cost you extra. My complain is that it is slower online to load maps than iPhone's Google Map. Remember to download Maps for your area to the phone through Ovi Suite, so you don't need the constant internet connection to load the map.Cons- Memory Implementation: My biggest complain, Nokia decided to split the 32GB of memory into 2 parts (System-74MB, and Mass Memory-31GB), this just doesn't make sense to me. As some program forces you to install on the system memory, you can run out of memory literally within days or weeks. After it is full, some of your program which require the memory simply won't run unless you clean it up, which Nokia doesn't provide a good tool to do.- Tilt Sensor: Poorly implemented during calling/hanging up, I had to tilt and tilt the phone around and around to answer call and hanging up. I just decided to disable the auto sensing feature all together. Nokia should allow the user to further customize the tilt function so you can choose which program you don't want the tilt to work.- Games: This phone is not meant for gaming. Games are horrible on this phone, there are few choices in the store, and pressure sensitive screen aren't as good as the touch sensitive screen on the iPhone.- Hang & Freeze: Right out of the box, my phone hanged on more than 10 separate occasion during end calls, and closing application during its 1st week. Honestly the firmware and my carrier aren't working together, after a master reset, and reinstall all the application myself, things were much improved, only 1-2 hang & freeze when I try to run multiple application at the same time and syncing at the same time.Tips- Master Reset: My carrier decided to install lots of program into my system memory, leaving me a poor 5MB, I literally ran out of memory first day using the phone for emails. I recommend you do a master reset to remove all the application, and install the ones you really need and install them to Mass Memory if possible. My phone is working flawless now, 4 email accounts, 30 apps installed, and still 10MB left on the system memory.- Version 2: Upgrade your phone firmware to version 2, should be an improvement.

Great phone with some issues as you can read in others reviews. I'm happy with N97 and hope Nokia can bring to us new firmwares updates.

I never thought I would hate a piece of technology, but the N97 phone changed everything. The N97 was a big disappointment from the very first moment of handling it. The battery cover refused to go on. After thirty minutes of failing and sore fingers, I started reading the manual. For god's sake, I shouldn't need to read the manual to put on a battery cover! The manual was of no help and I began to be violent with it until it was forced on. It has been downhill from there.The N97 is of an exceptional poor design; It looks common from the outside, and is garbage on the inside. Let me review each main function separately:1. Voice: The phone is awkward to hold and speak. The addition of a keyboard really makes it heavy and fat.2. Contacts: This is the WORST aspect of this phone. The phone RANDOMLY chooses when to display an incoming caller Id! All you get is a phone number, and good luck trying to remember which phone number belonged to whom in your contacts. I have had this phone for 5 months now and I still do not know how to fix this major issue. At first, I thought I needed to transfer all the SIM card contacts to the phone's memory contacts, but this did not work.3. Keyboard: The keyboard is not practical. You have to use shift keys for numbers and symbols. A shift key for a period or a colon. A shift key for a smiley face. A terrible Idea.4. Web: The web browser is slower than death, and unresponsive. At one point I almost cracked the screen while surfing from all the frustration. Once you access a web page it is another task to scroll down or sideways.5. GPS: if you are in a pickle or driving and need some quick help finding your way, then don't even consider the N97 as an option. The GPS does not lock onto a signal quickly, it takes the phone a minimum of 15 min to find a signal, and one time it took me 45 min!6. Applications: No good apps. There are applications for facebook, twitter and myspace. However, they are not enjoyable to use. If you have your N97 while among a group of iphone users you will be ashamed to show it off. You look at all those apple users play and laugh about the cool apps they have on their phone, while I am still wondering who is calling me, because this phone can't display the name from the contacts.7. Camera: the photos are OK, not great thought. The flash is a big waste of power, it gives those being pictured a sickly jaundiced look.I urge all who see this to NOT buy this phone, and to tell all their loved ones not to as well. I on the other hand am cursed with this abomination, this travesty of dysform and dysfunction, until I can afford another phone.

This may not be the fastest and sexiest phone, but this thing can do just about everything.  To my knowledge, there is no phone on the market even a year later than can match this phone in terms of features.  True, it may be kind of slow and clunky at times, but find me another phone that can support up to 64GB of storage, has an FM radio transmitter and receiver, supports tethering by bluetooth or can turn into a wifi 3G access point without having to hack the OS, or has a full blown sat-nav with offline map storage of the entire world.  It runs a full-blown flash browser in Skyfire, allowing me to stream Sirius radio without having to upgrade to a "premium" account like is necessary to use the Blackberry App on my work phone.  New google maps supports voice searches and gets free traffic updates.  Download files with a free bittorrent client.  Play old Nintendo games on it ith an emulator.  It may not have as many available apps as iPhone OS or Android, but there are a ton of really useful ones - really too many to list.This is definitely a power users phone, so people who just want something to "work" without having to do any tweaking, etc, are probably better off with an android or iPhone.  Or, if you really like playing video games, this is probably not the phone for you either.  A capacitive touch screen would have been nicer than a resistive one like this has, but at least you can use it with gloves or a sylus, if that's your thing.  Since version 2.0 was released, this phone has really gotten a whole lot better - many of the worst reviews you'll read were probably written about N97's on V1.2.If you get this phone and you're anything like me, you'll constantly be on the lookout for a newer, slicker phone that can do everything this can but faster and more gracefully, but I haven't found one yet that can match this thing in terms of sheer utility.  Great phone.

When I first learned of the n97's release, I was excited.  I had been waiting for Nokia to release another ground-breaking phone, like the n95 of years ago.  The n96 wasn't it, nor was the n85.  Then the n97 came - with a touchscreen and QWERTY keyboard to boot!  I was sold at once, but did all of my research anyway and found it to be full of innovative ideas and modern must-haves.  I bought it nearly two weeks ago at a reasonable discount from NokiasUSA after Amazon ran out of stock and jacked up the price.**If you read the specs, you will find all of the high points, but here are some more:-I found the phone to be fast and responsive when given input.  The keyboard is phenomenal - the key spacing and feel is just right and the offset space bar is not as big of a deal as it is often made out to be.  The only thing I could ask for is a little click to acknowledge the button was pushed, though if the sound is on, the phone makes a small noise.  The keyboard could have been even bigger yet if they dropped the D-Pad, which I rarely find myself using as it is a touchscreen (maybe make it a secondary feature for other keys?).-The GPS unit quickly finds a satellite signal (faster than most Tom-Toms) and accurately places you on a detailed map.  The turn-by-turn voice directions work well, except they do not read the street name.  Best of all, it doesn't make you agree to do-not-drive-as-you-use-this-device waivers every time the program launches.-The call quality is excellent.-No contract and not bogged down with un-deletable carrier apps and tacky logos that remind you who bought your soul.**The bad and the ugly:-My first thought when I handled it was, "a little chintzy, eh?"  It does give off the impression for a little while, primarily because of the battery cover.  They used a plastic, snap-on/ pry-off cover whose snaps are easily bent out of shape, but did not break and easily bent back.  The rest of the construction, especially the hinge, seems to be very solid now that I have used it extensively.-The 5MP camera takes remarkable photos and videos, unless you want to use the flash, which is too close to the lens and whites out a third of the image.  Thinking about this more, I decided Nokia has used a very similar camera since September of 2006 when the first n95 debuted and such a quirk is unacceptable in something that has been around the technology world for so long.-The battery life is terrible.  With normal use, it will most likely get 24-36 hours.-Reception is bad.  The internal antenna does not pickup signal where my Blackberry does and my Samsung smartphone (4 years ago) before it did, to include my apartment in Boston (not exactly East Reeve, Wisconsin).-The FM transmitter is hardly worth having.  After trying numerous stations I know to be unused in my area, the reception in my newer Audi with rear-mounted antenna was terrible unless I held the phone out the sunroof.  I assume if you have a hood mounted antenna, it would be a little better (does anyone know?).  UPDATE (4 July) - In two different cars with front mounted antennas and my home stereo the FM transmitter has still proved worthless.  You can hear the music, but it comes through with more static than its worth.-The resistive touchscreen is outdated and  somewhat unresponsive.  Resistive touchscreens are great if you wear gloves, and if they are huge, but that doesn't happen on a mobile phone.  Resistive touchscreens use a grid-like system to figure out where they've been touched, as they have invisible lines that make a grid across the screen.  When the selected area is touched, the corresponding up/down and left/right lines are pushed against sensors on the screen's edge and send the information to the processor.  Capacitive screens measure minute differences in its electric field cause by the conductive human body and are generally much more accurate.-The inertia scrolling is not as one would expect, probably because of the aforementioned screen.  It does not matter how fast the screen is flicked, the information displayed travels the same measly distance and stops rather quickly no matter what, if it works at all.  Navigating web pages is probably the only reason I would use the provided D-Pad just because the scrolling with the touchscreen is so terrible.  UPDATE (4 July) - The inertia scrolling is not as terrible as I first said, but does vary with applications and takes some getting used to.-The accelerometer, which detects the direction the phone is tilted, is often incorrect and the phone is very slow to change the screen's display between portrait and landscape.-Oftentimes, the phone must be unlocked 2 or 3 times to get the LCD's backlight to turn on.  This may be a software or a hardware malfunction, I do not know.-The talk and end button are not raised but should be, especially because the phone does not acknowledge them having been pressed for a second after.  Plus, real buttons are always preferred.**Then there's the software:-The user interface is not so good.  Every application has an options menu, but after the application has been customized, you probably will not find much need for any of the other options except exit, which is buried at the bottom of the menu and needs to be scrolled to.-The phone screen is inefficiently laid out.  On the screen there is a "Call" and "End" button, both of which are physical keys on the phone itself, as well as a "Contacts" button which can be found on the previous screen.  I would rather just see bigger numbers.  Also, the phone is setup to display two lines of numbers and forces a single number from the area code on on the second line when I would rather like to see bigger number buttons and ALL US numbers on a single line.-The homescreen widgets do not update as freely as one might like, the AccuWeather is rarely connected and my Hotmail account will ONLY refresh manually, even with full service.  The FaceBook app is good.-The homescreen has a button on it to change the sound profile, but tapping the power button brings up the same menu - Nokia should just get rid of the redundancy and dedicate the space to, well, uhhh, anything else.-No QWERTY keyboard option on the touchscreen.-Being able to run multiple apps is great, but switching between them shouldn't mean a fight with the options menu, there should be an external button to switch between them.  UPDATE (4 July) - After further messing around, I found one can hold down the Main Menu button, the silver button to the left of the flat Talk / End buttons, for two seconds to bring up a menu with all open apps.-The homescreen has an option to compose a new message, but not one to read old messages.  The button should be dedicated to going into the messenger application instead.-Half of the menus require a double touch while the other half require a single touch.-Plus a dozen smaller "Oh, that's silly" features not worth mentioning.-My phone has needed to be reset because one or more different things were not working correctly at least once a day, though it has never frozen completely.  Once, strangely, the touchscreen would highlight the selected app/item, but fail to execute the command completely.--UPDATE (4 July)-One can hold down the Talk flat key for two seconds to activate voice commands which can do anything from call a contact to open an app.  This is very slow and often incorrect and cannot be customized to one's voice.  Once activated, there is a bar that runs for about six seconds, far longer than any command would take to say, and then takes a little while to process, before bringing back a series of possible matches.  If you don't say anything else, it will automatically select the first option after another short duration.  I could navigate manually to almost anywhere twice before the voice command finds the desired function, if it finds it at all.  On the upside, users can customize what they want to say to the voice commands by typing (not speaking) the desired input to find some combination the phone can more easily recognize, though this is tedious and annoying.-When paused and exited from, the music play can remain on the homescreen with the Launch, Previous, Play, and Next options available.-The native video player has a very limited number of playable file types and I have not found a third party video player that works for the n97 yet.--END UPDATE (4 July)--UPDATE (23 July)I might be getting nit-picky with these software anomalies, forgive me, but I expect more from a $700 phone.The battery life, with average use, averages 48 hours now.  I think eliminating the default AccuWeather widget from the homescreen helped out as it was constantly updating and crashing (and never that accurate).The new software update has been out for almost three weeks.  It is an improvement and has fixed the backlight problem, amongst others, though not compeltely.  Oftentimes, there is still a lengthy delay between unlocking the phone and the backlight turning on (2-4 seconds).  Additionally, closing the screen will occasionally exit whatever program is running at the time. I notice this most frequently with the built in web browser and Nokia Sports Tracker.  The GPS reception can be quick as lightning sometimes, but others it will not find a signal for an eternity.Compared to Opera Mini, the standard web browser is slow.  Unfortunately, Opera Mini is quirky when dealing with the touchscreen.  When it works, the SportsTracker is an excellent program, though Nokia has taken the n97 / 5800 version off their web page and it must be found through a third party.When the contacts menu is used to find someone to call or message, a new app is opened to perform the calling or messaging, thus when a second call or message is attempted to be made by navigating through contacts, the contacts menu opens as it was left with the last person dialed still highlighted on the screen.The symbol button is downright annoying.  It accesses a list of symbols, most of which are already on the keyboard as secondary or tertiary options, and is located right next to the space bar and is hit frequently on accident.  I would rather just see a bigger space bar than a useless key (at least I have never used it).--END UPDATE (23 July)--UPDATE (06 OCTOBER)I've gotten used to a lot of the quirks, though I'm still not entirely happy with them.  The single most annoying feature is the inconsistency when turning the screen on - half of the time a message appears saying the key lock must be turned off when that is the only key I've pressed.  It takes 3-5 seconds to go away, crippling anyone's intimate desire to use their ridiculously expensive phone on command.The phone's battery life seems to be much longer in Europe.  I can go on a three day weekend, using the GPS, phone, and music features in moderation, without a charge.  Maybe the European system is more efficient?--END UPDATE (06 OCTOBER)Overall, it is a good phone, but certainly not worth the money.  I recommend you wait for the first (SECOND) major software update to be released and reviewed before purchasing.

Had this phone for over a month and love it. Sure it has a few glitches and bugs, but have already done two firmware updates and most of these seem to have been ironed out. What piece of technology doesn't have weak points? The only thing that is a little off seems to be the signal strength. I live in a marginal area and it doesn't seem to be as good as previous phones. Call quality is good. In saying that it has improved slightly since the updates. GPS is a little slow acquiring the satellites, but this also is better (not perfect).The one issue everyone seems to worry about is the qwerty keypad. I can assure you that once you get the hang of it, it is simple to use, and it seems that it was designed well. Once you learn the shortcuts it is pretty fast to type on.Battery doesn't last very long - but what do you expect when you are running all the features non-stop and constantly opening it up to play on it - because it is a cool phone.I recommend this phone to anyone. I am very happy with it.

Have the phone for a week, almost perfect, but:- Be carefull with case with magnets. Phone is very sensitive, turns ons camara and other stuff while opening, closing or just resting in the case, draining the battery and even blocking the screen completely.- Answering a call needs a double action. First unlock the screen, than touch the answer key. Very annoying.- Turning of the screen can be unresponsive having to shake the phone to get the screen into another position.- Touch screen lacks sensitivity compared to capacitive screens.

Because it was a top N Series and most expensive cellphone at Nokia during a couple months, I expected more to this investment. A lot of bugs - some solving with 2.0 Firmware, some not - like bad first Facebook app (now, better). The problem with landing page (the page of gadgets) continues I think because this stout cellphone needs a Intel processador - may be - like Duo Core for Nokia :). I really believe if this could possible, this Nokia N97 might be better than seems...The camera looks like ok, but always when I take a picture with flash, the weard fog appears in the corner below, left side...Istead of I like the qwerty keyboard it's ok and the apps available could be better in Ovi portal.

I wanted an unlocked Smart phone, and didn't want Windows Mobile, and of course iPhone was out. That left Symbian or first release of Android. N97 ended up in my pocket.First, the good. Except for the minimal memory this hardware is tremendous. Yes, the phone is big and heavy, but it is also nearly bullet-proof, and the keyboard is fine. Really it could replace any netbook/tablet for the uses they have been built for.Now, the bad. I went around and around, finally rating the phone for a 2. It's because of the way Symbian runs, and the small working memory (the only hardware shortcoming). This phone could easily be a 4 star or better except I am so  tired of working around the "memory full" error, and the lack of apps. And apparently that is because even for my unlocked phone, Nokia has it wrapped up so tight that about half of the apps I want to install need hacks to get it done. And that's the crux of the biscuit, this great hardware is hobbled by the way it's applications are controlled. Mozilla has skipped developing for Symbian 5 and created a Fennec browser for Maemo, but I won't get locked into this lack of apps again. I'll be moving to an Android phone soon.End of MayThe minimal memory has become a very frustrating issue. No matter what I do, once or twice a month I spend an hour messing with that. It is SUCH a shame that this phone isn't great, because it could be so easily. It will be Motorola or HTC Android 2.1 soon.

If you want a cellphone you need a Nokia....Nokia N97 is awsome! This is a real phone....a real computer....

I think, my mobile phone is cool, because it is easy to use. In addtion it is not too big and not too small. My mobile phone has a large memory. It has a QWERTZ keypad and a camera with five MP. It is fast, when you click an app. This mobile phone has Internet. But when you don't have a Flat, it is very expensive. It has app with which you can draw. It is a lot of fun. Of course it has Bluetooth, Games, tunes and many other things. Therefore I have this mobile phone, it is very cool.

After installing the battery and turning on the device:As an illuminated white screen became adorned with those blue branding letters, the friendly handshake, and the ubiquitous Nokia jingle, I could only think of immediately setting up a Bluetooth partnership with my MacBook. All seemed to work perfectly as I keyed in location, date, and time information, and then it appeared...the home screen and its grouping of widgets. When the AT&T; network secured its grip on the SIM inside and brought the 3.5G reception signal to life, my index finger proceeded to explore the interface. I kept a word document to record my initial experiences with the N97.-Bluetooth setupBluetooth partnership setup with my MacBook Aluminum was flawless. Network access (a.k.a. Tethering) appears to be possible, so I will test this later with my bluetooth connection.Update: Tethering the N97 network connection via Bluetooth was just as efficient as the E71.-Missing Sync for SymbianHad absolutely no trouble downloading Missing Sync for Symbian to the N97. I figured it logical that if the XpressMusic 5800 running S60 5th edition was supported, then another device with the same OS should work just fine. All of my PIM data of contacts, calendar events, and tasks synched successfully to my N97 with no problem. Even the contact photos synced properly! Bluetooth proximity syncing worked perfectly whenever my MacBook was turned on with the N97 nearby, but there was an error message with a stop sign graphic that appeared after each sync session: "Unable to execute file for security reasons". After about a second this pop-up disappeared and all was well, so it did not bring any inconvenience. I can only assume it stemmed from this model not being officially supported by the Missing Sync app. Overall, I am very pleased to see that this crucial application continues to be supported through the newest NSeries device.-Stereo speakersWhile it was nice to have stereo speakers from the mono variant of the E71, their volume was not impressive in comparison to what I remembered from owning the N95. They were certainly not bad and did give a suitable audio playback experience. Ring tones and alerts had no problem in being heard throughout the day amidst public surroundings. The speakerphone was acceptable in volume and a bit louder than the E71.-Music playerThere was nothing special about the music player other than its widget for the home screen and the enlarged album art for the Now Playing screen. An unexpected surprise was the absence of visual art effects that I remembered from the N95 and E75. There was a FM transmitter included with the N97 that was simple to configure with my car stereo, but my use of this would be an extreme rarity due to my iPods.-Contact SearchSearching for a particular contact was interesting with a new type of searching that reminded me of the SureType technology from the BlackBerry Pearl. When the text field was touched, blocks of alphabetic characters applicable to the first letters of all contacts filled the screen. When a letter was selected, all blocks were then narrowed down to only the characters that could be second to that first selection. As each of these blocks was touched, the contact list itself was also narrowed down appropriately to the possible matches.-CameraThe 5 megapixel Carl Zeiss lens was very nice for stills and video. I was amazed at the 16:9 widescreen ratio for the captured video footage as well as the included video light feature. Playback of the MPEG4 formatted file on my Mac happened in a default widescreen view in the Quicktime player and showed acceptable results via the 30 frames per second with suitable sound recording. The image mode for the still pictures appeared to not support widescreen in any way. One nice touch was the live preview window for setting color tones and selecting a white balance feature.-PortabilityThe sizing of the N97 was similar to my E71 and iPod Touch and I had no problems carrying it in my pocket despite its thicker dimensions.-Reception/Call qualitySignal strength was no different than my E71, but I did run into a situation with the first few calls I made on the device. A friend of mine on a voice call noticed a faint hissing noise in the background on his end, but I didn't hear any of it. While it could have been my friend's iPhone, it was also clear that the only plausible fault in this situation was the N97 since every previous call with the E71 had been trouble-free. Since then, every call thereafter was clear and normal just like the E71.-Nokia Email clientDifficulties certainly came with the downloaded Nokia Messaging app for email access. I was not surprised to see that the enhanced email client of Messaging was not preloaded to the N97 since it's main purpose is multimedia. However, some software issues from this particular app irritated me.First off, I did learn that SMS Provisioning is the message to watch out for when the Nokia Email .sis file is already downloaded to the handset. Whenever I had a link sent to my device via text message from the Nokia Messaging site, I would always click on that link and be forwarded to email setup for the native S60 app. I used to repeatedly get frustrated and wonder why the other client setup was not being initiated. Upon searching Google, I read that there are two messages sent to the device from the Nokia Messaging site. Of these two messages, the first one was to essentially be ignored and the second (SMS Provisioning) would pop-up automatically on-screen. This discovery made every future installation of the Nokia Messaging app much easier.However, I guess that I was not out of the woods just yet. After a couple hours of diligent email message updating, the touch response on the app was gone...completely gone! No matter how many times I would exit and reopen, the listing of incoming emails would not respond to either finger or stylus input. After almost a half hour of seething, I deleted the application from my N97 and proceeded to resume email access with the native S60 messaging client. While much more reliable, it was ungodly clunky and lacked the well designed interface of Nokia Messaging. I soon quit this alternative to make another attempt to use my previous email access.Everything worked fine with the installation process, but there was trouble with the login for my mailbox password. There were no spelling errors and I was certain that no caps lock or number lock was activated, but the login error kept popping up nonetheless! After about a half hour wait, I was able to log on successfully and the Nokia Messaging app worked perfectly ever since.One thing that did catch me off guard was opening attachments. On the E71, attachment links were usually shown under the email address information at the top of the email entry. This didn't appear to be the case with the N97, for even though an attachment was listed at the top of an email under the sender's name, it was not a clickable link. I eventually discovered a "Details" tab above the entire email. When this tab was tapped, it expanded to display all of the sending details of the message (Subject title, time and date of sending, "TO:" field) along with a clickable link.When an email is received from a N97 contact with a stored picture, the same picture will appear in the upper left corner of the message.The only con for this email client was that it appeared to work independently of the other native S60 apps such as Notes, Active Notes, Photo Browser, etc. Whenever I tried to send a photo or note via email directly from an alternate app, the N97 would always want to send it via the built-in messaging application instead of the downloaded app from the Nokia Messaging site. Since I did not have my Gmail coming through that older client, there of course was the prompt to set up a new mailbox. Nokia Messaging's lack of integration with the other onboard Nokia apps is somewhat distressing, especially when the Facebook widget has flawless integration!!Update for 6/27/09I deleted the Nokia Messaging application from my N97 again. Even though there were alerts played aloud with incoming emails, I could not access the inbox via the widget that had completely blacked out. A couple attempts of deleting the email widget and reinstalling it produced no results whatsoever. Being that the Nokia Messaging app for Symbian 5th edition did not support HTML and was not fully integrated with the rest of the apps on the device, I decided to resume with the native S60 client for email. This is truly unfortunate for a flagship device that was supposed to have so much potential.-Google MapsThis maps application is just as perfect as the version on the E71, but is made even better through a bigger screen with touch navigation. Installation was no problem via the S60 web browser.-Battery Life/noise malfunctionI noticed that some touch inputs on the screen did not generate haptic feedback. Every now and then a faint, high-pitched whistle-like sound would emanate briefly...very strange. While I wanted to associate this with low battery levels, this same lack of haptic vibration also took place when the battery was fully charged.Speaking of battery life, the N97 was certainly not the E71 and barely lasted for one day on a full charge. This got even worse when a bluetooth headset was used for voice calls in addition to music listening. One morning after having used the GPS-intensive Nokia Sport Tracker for an hour with the music player, I took a voice call that lasted for 2 and a half hours and used my bluetooth headset. Upon hanging up the phone, it immediately died from low battery levels. Not once did I ever have this kind of experience on a previous Nokia device...not once! It was certainly a must to have an auto charger handy and be diligent in charging this device EVERY night.-Notification lightThe notification breathing light worked in two successive pulses when it was alerted, whereas the E71 worked in rapid pulses equally spaced apart. To my surprise, it appeared to only work for missed calls, voicemails, and SMS alerts. Unlike the E71, there was no integration with the Nokia Messaging app for email. Even after a new email alert was sounded from the device, the notification light just pulsed in standby mode as if nothing had happened. The rim around the menu key seems to be thinner than the select key on the E71, so the light isn't as noticeable unless surroundings are darkened.Update: Since I had switched to the native S60 client for future email retrieval, the notification light worked accordingly for incoming mail.-Gravity application for TwitterThis was the one and only reason that convinced me to restore my Twitter account after a TWO-month hiatus! It runs just as smoothly as the online video and is integrated perfectly with TwitPic! The scrolling of Tweets and navigation of sections emulates the iPhone in such an impressive manner that I had to pinch myself.Update: I started experiencing a frozen timeline on my Twitter account where I could see only my own tweets, but none of my friends. Even though this was no fault of the N97, I had not been using Gravity as much anymore.-Nokia Sports TrackerThis application remained as one of the most impressive I had ever come across in a smartphone. Starting from where the E71 left off, the Symbian 5th edition version was much more useful with the enlarged touch screen in navigating training data and route maps for my daily 5 mile runs. Setting up my Nokia account and uploading my fitness results to the Nokia Sport Tracker site proved to be just as easy as the E71, but with a touch screen. I was actually taken aback one day when my iPod Touch had completely froze in the middle of my run, rendering my Nike Sport tracker useless. But all was not lost, for the Nokia Sport Tracker continued recording my running progress. To make things even better via a godsend of a 3.5mm headphone jack, I was able to switch my Sony headphones to the N97 and hear music via the player!! For the first time, I could actually see the Nokia Sport Tracker as more than just an alternate to the Nike Sport Kit.-Ovi StoreI was simply FLOORED with the flawless experience I had when I purchased the Gravity application from the Ovi Store! No lagging in the browsing of applications and games was experienced at all, and entering my payment information was very easy and convenient.-Software UpdatesOne night after having a voice call conversation on the N97, there was a prompt that asked if I wanted to allow the phone to check for any software updates. Out of curiosity, I selected "yes" and watched as the device opened the Software Update app. Even though no update was available at the time, it was nice to get the impression that the N97 was considerate enough to at least ask!Update: I read online from two tech blogs that Nokia was planning to release a firmware update on July 1st. I hoped that this could be efficiently obtained via an over-the-air download and address nagging issues with my N97 such as the unpredictable backlight. Unfortunately, after numerous checks throughout the day on July 1st, no firmware update was available for download.-Potential Cons:1. The qwerty keypad layout is not bad at all with the space bar being shifted to the right. Honestly, I found the space bar to be in a great position for my right thumb in the midst of typing messages. However, the tactile feedback of the keys was extremely minimal, and they certainly did not offer comfort for prolonged typing of emails and potential word documents. The flattened surface area of each key was almost as bad as the E75, but it at least had some raised texture to enable touch typing (if at all possible). I could understand that I was a definite minority when it came to using my smartphone as a word processor, and it was apparent to me that the N97 qwerty was not meant for such writing.2. There were certain moments when the touch response would not register accurately. While these were few and far in between with menu navigation and application performance, there was one incident when the screen appeared to freeze. Just when I considered taking out the battery, every single touch input began to register and resulted in multiple apps and windows opening simultaneously.3. I had already become used to the screen backlight of my N97 not working properly. Whenever the device was in standby for an extended period of time and I pressed the lock switch to activate it, the backlight remained off even though I could plainly see the home screen widgets. This was always fixed by pressing the lock switch two more times. This should not have been tolerable for the amount that was paid, but I was willing to overlook that quirk. I guess that that only proved my allegiance to Nokia and what I was willing to tolerate from a so-called flagship device. Honestly, going through the hassle of dealing with returning the phone for a replacement was not worth it for such a minor setback.4. I had a mishap with the N97 from an incoming voice call during the playback of a movie file. As the phone rang and vibrated, the movie went out of sight as expected and the telephone screen with a contact picture became visible with touch commands to accept or reject the call. When I pressed on the touch command to accept the call, an error message appeared: "Request rejected". Long after about a minute when a voicemail symbol had appeared at the top of the screen, the phone continued to ring and vibrate with the same telephone screen. Opening the qwerty only placed the screen into horizontal orientation, and pressing any of the hardware buttons (qwerty, menu, camera key, and hold switch) had no effect either.  The only thing that worked was holding down the power key to turn off the device. Upon turning on the phone, I noticed that the AccuWeather widget was still stuck in a loading data stage after almost fifteen minutes. This was solved when I removed the widget and reinstalled it again onto the home screen. A sudden malfunction such as this reminded me of Windows Mobile, and I was not happy about it. I truly began to miss my E71 at this moment.5. The Facebook widget had its unpredictable moments. Often there would be a glitch where the home screen was still visible through the area for the soft keys on the right of the screen. Simply exiting the widget and reopening it did solve that problem, but provided a minor irritation. When a photo was taken with the N97 camera, it was usually saved in the Mass Storage of 32GB where it could then be accessed via Facebook's upload utility. This worked successfully for the first few photos I had taken on the Carl Zeiss camera, but then after while none of the new pictures would show up in the Facebook app for uploading even though they had been taken AND saved into the Mass Storage drive! The only way to successfully upload a N97 picture from the Facebook widget is to activate the camera via the uploading feature, making this a huge inconvenience! At one point, there was a glitch where only the function key characters worked for inputting text into the status update field. This was rectified by removing the widget altogether from the home screen and then reinstalling it again.6. The lack of an editing version for Quickoffice really bothered me when I was informed of it from an article on AllAboutSymbian.com, but I decided to give the N97 a try anyway. I missed my E71 all the more without being able to edit or create word documents. Whenever an attempt was made to buy a license, a screen appeared with the words "no data" since an update was not available. To make the situation even worse, it was version 4 that was bundled with the N97. This meant that there was absolutely NO support for Office 2007 file formats! At this point, even Windows Mobile started to look good. I knew that I was in the minority when it came to using my phone as a word processor, but this issue certainly was not exemplary of a flagship device!I thought I found a solution in downloading the trial version of MobiSystems OfficeSuite 5 for Symbian 5th edition, but I was somewhat wrong. True, this application did grant me editing of word documents on my N97 along with Office 2007 support, but the typing performance was simply lousy. Characters registering on the screen as I typed on the qwerty proved to be painfully slow and reminded me of the Sony Ericsson P990. Taking steps to save a word document were a bit confusing and not straightforward like on Quickoffice. Overall, I was not convinced that purchasing a license for this app would be the best alternative. If I happened to hold on to the N97, waiting for Quickoffice to release an editing version update would be the best thing to do.7. I didn't think that the low RAM would have much of an effect on my usage, but it certainly did. While my daily routine of writing messages, managing calls, surfing the web and listening to music were hardly affected, the playback of video content was a different story. Depending on how many apps (and maybe even which apps) were already running, I would get a memory error pop-up on the screen advising me to close some applications. While I didn't have a problem in closing some apps, this did seem to be an inconvenience for something that was claimed to be a flagship device. On the other hand, I was aware of the low amount of RAM before purchasing this N97, so in a way this was to be expected.8. There was one frightening moment after the N97 had run out of battery power in the middle of a voice call and I had connected it to the AC charger. After about an hour of charging, I disconnected the charger and attempted to unlock it by moving the lock switch. There was no response from the screen, but I assumed that it was the backlight malfunctioning as usual and moved the lock switch again. There was still no response after moving the switch, but the keyguard alert did illuminate the screen when the following buttons were pressed: menu key, call key, camera shutter key, volume rocker keys, and power key. I was also surprised to notice that holding down the power key did not turn off the N97, and opening the qwerty did not change the screen to landscape orientation...the backlight STILL did not come on! I had no choice but to remove the battery and return it in order to bring the N97 back to normal. This brought me to the next con.9. Taking off the battery door was no trouble, but it almost seemed too easy in comparison to the E71. I watched an online video for a drop test of the N97 and was not shocked to see the battery door popping off. Removing the battery was impossible without an outstretched paper clip to pry it out! On my first try to pull it out, I learned the hard way when my nail was bent backward! There may be an easier way for taking out the battery, but I have yet to discover it at this point.10. The N97 could be enabled in mass storage mode when connected to my MacBook via the USB cable. It was at this moment when the disk images for both the 32GB N97 storage and the 16GB microSD card appeared on the Mac desktop. Sometimes the disk images would not appear on the Mac screen, but simply turning off the phone and turning it on again solved this.11. Gaming seemed to be a worthwhile venture when I saw a listing for the Hero of Sparta game in the Ovi Store, so I purchased it with the expectation that it would be like the iPod Touch. I was wrong. It was probably unwise for me to assume that the N97 version would equal that of the iPod Touch, but I couldn't help but do just that. The experience on that particular game reminded me of the 2D graphics of Street Fighter on Super Nintendo, and I was leary of buying another game from that point on.It had been a while since I unboxed the new N97 and welcomed it into my home with open arms, and I had a conflict. No matter how great the device happened to be with multimedia content, I always seemed to have a yearning for the word document editing ability and the tactile qwerty feedback of my previous E71. Aside from the quirks that came with any touch UI, those two factors were the only things that caused me to sometimes doubt my N97's usefulness. For a moment, I even began to debate whether I was better suited for the ESeries instead of the NSeries. It was quite obvious that the N97 ran circles around the E71 in regards to certain multimedia features, and I questioned if it was enough for me as a phone user. Through the irritation of not having an editing version of Quickoffice and enduring a failed attempt with MobiSystems OfficeSuite, I started to justify a return to the E71 and its familiar qwerty keypad.As I wrote the previous blog post on my impressions of the device, I noticed more cons than pros and began to actually feel frustrated with the N97. For some reason, I felt somewhat let down and disappointed in what this phone had to offer in terms of software and overall qwerty performance. When these negative feelings began to tempt me to sell the N97 and go back to my E71 (and maybe even look at the Touch Pro 2), I had to get a grip on reality and look at the situation rationally. It turned out that in comparison to every other Nokia that I had owned previously, the N97 was truly a worthwhile convergence device that could potentially suit my needs from a multimedia AND messaging/doc editing perspective. So where was all of that negativity coming from in my seldom dealings with certain quirks of this flagship model? I finally figured it out: the term "flagship".When the "flagship" moniker was added to the N97 device, it of course brought more attention in the best way possible. But along with that attention came the mounting pressure of high expectations. In my opinion, a flagship device was to successfully represent the technological prowess of its parent company, be on the cutting edge of mobile features, and be the absolute holy grail for EVERY potential user. In such a situation, it was possible to expect filet mignon and lobster when only spam and vienna sausage was available. While the N97 didn't fall into that extreme manner of discrepancy, there was a clear indication that it did not deserve to be called a flagship with the features (or lack thereof) it had to offer. Honestly, NO device could ever be appropriately termed as a flagship since it was IMPOSSIBLE to please EVERY smartphone buyer. Whether a phone was indeed perfect ultimately remained subjective. From a standpoint of meeting the flagship requirments, I understood that the N97 failed...but certainly not in a horrible fashion.That realization helped me to see the N97 in a different light and not be so critical of its issues. I could recall that my E71 was not always a pot of gold in its performance and capabilities, yet I still preferred it because it worked for my personal needs. Accepting the N97 despite its flaws and being patient for any upcoming fixes was more reasonable than disregarding it as a total failure. This was especially true since there were some positive features on the device that I did find worthwhile in comparison to my E71. The more I worked with this N97, there was a sense of amazement equal to the first time I had used the E90 Communicator just years ago. As much as this fairly new UI had its own hangups such as irregular touch responsiveness, potential instability and memory errors, I was still mezmerized by the presence of touch navigation and a tactile qwerty. I remembered using slider qwerty/touchscreen devices with Windows Mobile and wishing that my E90 Communicator could essentially be the same. I remembered wanting to take the multimedia features of the NSeries line and possibly adding some ESeries touches to it. Technically, my wishes were answered by the N97, but I also needed to understand its marketed purpose. At the end of the day, the N97 was primarily a media/Internet device, not a business-oriented word processor/PDA.It is no secret that the touch interface of Symbian 5th edition was not graceful by any means. Instead of exhibiting the ample speed and grace of an adult gazelle in the African grasslands, it was more like an awkward, stumbling newborn gazelle that still managed to keep up with the herd. The flashy transitions were not prevalent in the N97 like the iPhone, and there were moments of boredom with the same old appearance of the Symbian OS. But the transitioning theme effects that were offered did add some refreshing to Symbian navigation, and there was still the benefit of superior hardware features to be considered over the iPhone. Resistive touch did seem to be more convenient when I could freely use the tip of ANY available tool as a stylus for more accuracy. The inclusion of a tactile qwerty not only granted more efficient text entry to me, but also more versatility in how I could use my device instead of being forced to comply with only touch. Stereo speakers on the N97 didn't really knock my socks off, but they performed MUCH better than most smartphone speakers! The Carl Zeiss camera was still the object of my affection in regards to using my Nokias, and its quality results were always more than satisfactory for my needs in both stills and video. A protective lens cover and widescreen video capture were definitely welcomed features! 32GB of onboard storage still boggled my mind every now and then, for it was almost unbelievable that I could cram a plethora of picture, music, and video files onto the phone AND have more capacity with microSD support! It was like being a child in a candy store! Having the privilege to experience the same quality of reception and voice calling was definitely great, despite the initial interference issues a friend of mine had noticed on the first two conversations spent on the device. For the most part, my own experience with the N97's call quality and signal strength had been no different than previous Nokias. The enabling of 3G support in North America was always a much needed feature for bluetooth tethering and faster network data performance...if only that damned E90 had it! Nokia's services such as Messaging, Podcasting, Internet Radio, Ovi Store and Sports Tracker had been instrumental in enhancing my user experience with every compatible device. Last but not least was that 3.5inch screen of the usual 16 million color support. The small, confined space of the E75 and E71 screens was most certainly trumped by the N97, and I witnessed this via Internet surfing, OS navigation, and multimedia viewing! This touchscreen alone (along with the 32GB) had FINALLY granted me a Nokia multimedia/messaging experience that could at least remotely provide competition to the iPhone in my eyes!The home screen layout of widgets had proved to be a most useful presentation of Symbian and also provided real time updates on the go! Widgets finally made a positive impression on me after I had resisted similar implementations on non-touchscreen Nokias. What better way to facilitate personal customization than widgets that can rearranged according to one's preference? Even with my favorite contacts, music controls and application shortcuts on the home screen, I still found myself amazed with such connectivity and access at the tip of my finger instead of being confined to a d-pad. The mobile Facebook app continued to be one of the most captivating features, for it provided a user-friendly and intuitive means to manage my Facebook activities. Internet surfing via the S60 browser was a GODSEND compared to the E71 navigation I had been accustomed to for so long! Similar to when I use my iPod Touch, surfing the web on the N97 is a pleasure and not an E71 chore! Flash video on YouTube was supported just fine, but slow loading times and skipping seldom occurred. Browsing the web for text reading on certain sites did reveal a caveat: the zoom feature did not restructure words to prevent horizontal scrolling while reading. The use of T9 had returned when I learned to use the phone vertically while on the go, and the touch experience really endeared me to the N97.From that perspective, it was easy to discover once again what made me become a Nokia fan in the first place. Through the limited potential of Apple, Windows Mobile, Palm, and RIM, Nokia stepped up to the plate and was not afraid to believe in giving exemplary multimedia hardware to its users. My impressions of Nokia devices were further enhanced through the support of mark/space and its implementation of the Missing Sync software for PIM data syncs to my Mac computer! Those days of endless searching for Apple iSync plug-ins came to an end long ago after I invested time and money into Missing Sync software. In fact, I had become even more supportive of Missing Sync when I discovered its compatibility with numerous OS versions in the mobile industry! Anyway, the N97 did not come onto the market and take the world by storm, but it had left a promising impression on me nonetheless.Just a week ago, a great friend and fellow Nokia owner suggested something that had stuck with me since that moment: Nokias were like Swiss army knives, jacks of all trades. While numerous capabilties were not perfectly implemented, it was a benefit to at least have those within the realm of possibility as Nokia users. This essentially awakened me to be an optimist in my relating to the N97 since it had potential; looking for ways to adapt and make it work for me instead of being too critical and unreasonable. However, this didn't mean that I would turn a blind eye to issues that bothered me in my daily usage. It would remain acceptable to point out the cons, but what mattered most was my reaction to those cons. The choice would be between giving up prematurely amidst the presence of worthwhile benefits or remaining steadfast, rational, flexible and open to patience to a certain extent. It would be one thing if the N97 was absolutely terrible like the Sony Ericsson P990 or the Palm Treo Pro's qwerty, but that was not the case at all. In spite of some areas of improvement, the N97 had been able to meet all of my needs successfully in a most intriguing manner and I was not ready to let it go (if ever). Unless a touch upgrade was given to the widescreen E90, I was surely sticking with the N97 in the meantime.

First, let me say that I've been a user of S60 devices for years now.  I even had that awful 3650 with its goofball round keypad.  Off the top of my head, I've had and used 3650, 6620, 6682, 9500, 9300, E61, E70, E50, E51, E61i, E65, E71, N73, N82, N95 and the ill-fated N97.  I even had a 5800XM for half a day, but returned it when I found that the 3G capabilities were hopelessly borked.  Fortunately for those users it got fixed, but I never did jump back in on the 5800XM.Back to the N97 though.  Crazy version number jumps aside (I read something about 4 being considered an unlucky number in some Asian cultures, so they skipped from S60v3 to v5), I was jazzed about the N97.  Under the hood, the Symbian underpinnings that I've grown to know & love over the years, with a slick new touch interface.  I even went to the launch party in NYC.  That commercial with LL Cool J had me humming "Mama Said Knock You Out" so much in my head that I went and bought the song from iTunes.Then I got the phone, retiring my N82.  Cue the sad music.  First problem - no iSync support.  At all.  No worries, been there before.  I hacked together an N95 plugin back in the day, so how hard should it be?  Bzzz..  No go.  My method of sync on the device was using Mail for Exchange with Google Sync to sync up contacts & calendar events.  It worked mostly, but was a bit of a pain to set it all up.  To get the data to the phone, it's My Mac -> Google -> Phone.  Of course, that's 2 different 2-way syncs, so there's always potential to have change collisions at the Google part of the equation.Next up - battery life.  Wow.  It's not iPhone-bad, but it's pretty bad.  I will take my hat off to the boys from Espoo on one point here - Micro-usb charging.  It's about time, kids.  Seriously.  Keep that up.The CPU and available memory felt a bit anemic.  Not as much CPU as I'd thought would be the case - out of memory was a common message I saw.  Definitely slower than I'd have liked, so I must also say the CPU is definitely not up to snuff.The screen.  Oh the screen.  It's certainly beautiful to look at, no disputing that.  I thought the colors were vibrant and looked great.  I was concerned that a touchscreen would mean it would be hard to see anything from finger marks, but not so here.  My chief problem with the device, which ultimately led me to return it was the screen.  The resistive touchscreen employed on the N97 just wasn't sensitive enough.  I found myself doing 3 or 4 touches when one should have sufficed.The camera.  5 MP, dual LED flash.  It took very nice pics, but why not use a single xenon flash?  The flash on the N82 is the best I've ever seen on a phone.I really really tried so hard to like this phone, but between the screen that didn't really seem to work correctly and the &lt; 1 day battery life, I couldn't in good conscience keep it.

Hello and thank you for reading this review.I am a phone app developer and have had some 'face time' with the Nokia N97.  I'll let you know some of the more in depth details so you can decide if this is the right phone for you or not.  There are many positive features about this phone, but a few potential pitfalls for power users as well.  Average users will probably never notice any of the pitfalls, but probably will never use some of the best features of this phone either to justify the cost.This is the new Nokia flagship phone and it packs almost every feature anyone could ever want.  It has a DVD quality camcorder with sample videos found here:[...]Notice how well the mic picks up the creeks of the boats in Monte Carlo, and how rich the colors look.  That is due to the Carl Zeiss lens Nokia has put in.  The quality is also great and can be sent directly to the TV via the TV out cable, but I would recommend making a DVD from the memory card as the quality of the cable isn't as good as the DVD quality this phone provides.  Video starts up quickly, which is an improvement from the previous versions.The pictures taken by this phone are of very good quality.  Many consumers are fooled by 'megapixels' (mp).  Well folks, after 5mp or so, mp doesn't mean much.  All it does is make your picture size better, it does NOT increase the QUALITY.  I assume most of us aren't pro graphic artists that need huge pictures to zoom in on the most minute detail, and if you are, then you probably don't need this review :PThe lens and picture quality of this phone is superb, but not as good as the Samsung 8 sadly.  It is by far tho, one of the best mobile phone cameras around.  You can notice some problems in darker areas and they went with a dual LED flash instead of the Xeon gas flash.  The Xeon gas flash would have provided much better lighting in low light situations, however as a phone enthusiast I feel it's good enough.View sample images from thesymbianblog.com:[...]and[...]Judge for yourself.This phone is a TRUE smart phone OS which means you can download apps for it such as VPN software to connect to your office network and apps such as PUTTY or RDP clients to remote control real computers at the house/office.  With 3G speeds the potential is limitless.Now for the bad.  Nokia decided to use the old ARM II CPU found in the N85, 95, etc. phones but increased the clockspeed (mhz) slightly.  We were looking forward to the new TI cpu which would have provided much better speeds, at the cost of battery life.  They also stuck with 128mb ram with about 80mb available after boot up.  I don't know about you but after I load up all of my apps and get cranking, I eat that up.  I was able to notice some slow down in the pre-build when I:-opened up several websites w/ flash content-ran the music player-opened up 'widget' applications-tried basic functionalityMost users will probably never do that.  If you are a power user, then you probably already know about the Samsung Omnia HD which boasts of similer features, but also the new faster CPU and dedicated GFX chip which means you can play Ipod type 3d games with ease.  The final point is with the potentially underpowered CPU, you will not be able to play the super high resolution videos the Samsung can play.Finally this phone has the slower 3G speeds which don't reach 7mbps, will you need 7mbps?  Probably not.  I think for 99% of users, the current 3G speeds offered by this phone are fine.I tried out the phone and pre-ordered, I can't wait to get it.  I can't wait to develop some 'widget' applications for it and really see the power of this phone with the newer more stable build.Thank you for reading this, feel free to respond, yell, scream, or ask any questions!

On paper, it has everything that you would expect from a $600 phone (its available for $529 now), but its only when one starts using it that all the software shortcomings come to light.5 MP Photo Camera - great quality photos, but flash leaves a clear white mark on photos when used at night. I keep it turned off unless absolutely needed.Video camera - video quality is better than when i take video on my Sony 8.1mp digicam32GB internal memory - limitless space, but some apps dont install on this memory, instead defaulting to the phone memory(which is already very small). So whats the point of so much space, when it cant be used for proper management.Email software - doesnt support HTML; cant set unique notification tones for different email account, so when a new mail arrives and a person has 5 email acc setup, they will have to browse through all 5 Inboxes to see which one has the new emailBrowser - satisfactory;Battery - satisfactory; lasts more than a day with average usage.Google Apps/Facebook/Youtube - not satisfactory at all; facebook crashes all the time(I have finally uninstalled it), GMail app doesnt notify of new mails like it does on Blackberry; Google Maps has great interface, but I loose connection all the time when I am out of my wifi range.Multi-tasking - good feature and works well as long as all phone memory is not used up!Am waiting to download the v2.0 firmware upgrade that is being so much talked about. Hopefully it will fix the software issues.

N97 is, to me, the best phone available right now!In this Amazon item it does not come with Comes With Music or any other accessories (just the charger and head phones). But the low price make it a great by!Totally recommend it!

so far love the phone, it does so much.  I am a previous N73 and N70 owner so I like nokia.  Recommend the product

I've just received the Nokia N97 a few days ago and it's amazing.It has everything I was looking for... huge memory, high quality camera, good reception.Howerer, I have to say that I had problemas a couple of times when the phone stopped working... I guess it was because of the firmware because when I uptaded this issue no longer exists...There's one thing... I'm a music lover and the music player is not as good as the iphone's (that I owned before) I wish some day we can get iTunes on this phone, and everything would be wonderful

I purchased this phone in June, 2009, and have had quite a bit of time to work with it; here are my impressions. First, let's put aside the period before the new update came in (from June through November). In that time, the phone clearly was unfinished - from a cranky USB connection that, by the point of the update to 2.0, was essentially no longer functioning for data transfer, to the lack of an ability to Sync with a Macintosh, to the barely-functioning GPS system, to an interface that was startling in 1999, but which had long since lost much of its zip. Many, but unfortunately not all, of those problems were fixed with the new operating system that came in November, version 2.0. I say "new operating system" because significant changes came - a new feel to the menuing system (that gave you a kinetic movement to the menus, along with other enhancements); changes to the GPS system; a fix to the USB problem ... etc. But that should point you to some of the very real problems with this phone: it was released unfinished, and still lacks much in the way of what should be there, particularly for this price!Beyond the mere hardware - and the other reviews highlight the shortcomings of that - there's the question of the bigger picture. It's simple things like: can I find a good range of cases for this phone? (No, not really.) Are there decent apps? (No, the Ovi store is  a bleak, pathetic place.) Does it seem as if Nokia will continue supporting this phone for some time to come? (Well, no: they announced a new flagship phone, the N900, as early as August - a phone that uses a completely different operating system.) When you compare the cost of this phone with what you'd pay for, say, a top-of-the-line Omnia, or one of the Windows OS phones, or an Android phone, or - best yet - an iPhone - it just doesn't stack up.So what did I do? Well - I'm fortunate to live in a country where I can legally purchase a factory unlocked iPhone. When I travel back to the U.S., I'll be using it with TMobile (still one of the most affordable networks - if you live somewhere that's got coverage.) My N97 will still be used, as a backup/secondary/charmingly expensive accessory - but never, never as my primary phone. Basta - enough - that's it, I'm done with Nokia, perhaps just for now - perhaps forever.

It's complete, the only downside is the ram memory, but I guess nokia will be fixing it in the next frimware update.

I just bought my cellphone, at the beggining i was very scared because i use to be a blackberry user all my life because my work, so i bought this phone here at amazon, and its great! YES is a brand new PHONE! so it have a lots of BUGS but almost at lot of the have been fixed, thats why i gave 4 stars! but the phone its amazing i used to have the blackberry storm, bu believe me this one its GREAT the  things that i dont like are the backcover its plastic made, the MSN LIVE is not working at all,the video support (only MP4) and they are not to much app right now, but im sure that we will have a lot of apps early in this future. but believe me i love this phone and everybody looks at my phone! it looks great in your hand! AND THE INTERNET SURFING IS JUST AMAZING!!!! im in mexico and im having a 1.3 MB of 3g speed! is not too bad! i gues that in USA will be faster! but i dont need to much speed.the bugs im having till now are:*CANT UPLOAD ALL MY PICTURES to FACEBOOK (this is a facebook ISSUE)*When you have low battety theirs a very low frecuency sound (on the next update nokia said that it will be fixed)* I cant put to wallpapers at the same time (this is not a bug, you just cant, but i hate that i want a landscape wallpapper an a portrait wallpaper)*All othe issues have been already fixed (locks, reboots, lights)The batery life on my n97 its like 24 hours but please believe on this im almost 15 hrs on my phone internet, because i use it alot on my work, and i have this program that i recibe my emails just the moment it was sent, just like the blackberry so its 22 hours on the net! when im not surfing too much on the net it can hold up to 3 days!Sorry about my english, but im typping really fast, and i dont have a great grammar! but what im trying to tell you is that,if you are not specting a laptop and you are realistic about the things a smartphone can do. this cell phone is GREAT dont hezitate on buying it! it looks great and very like executive! LOLgreetings!

I absolutely hate touch screens, yet I bought this phone.Why?This is a question for Nokia: if other people hate touch screens like I do--and they do--why do you think they'd buy the N97 with its inferior resistive touch screen over the iPhone's superior capacitive screen?Here's the reason: FULL QWERTY KEYBOARD.So when you make a phone with a "full qwerty keyboard," and then you omit a dedicated row of numbers, it's not really a full qwerty keyboard now, is it?  I come from a long line of QWERTY Nokia phones such as the 6820/6822, E70 and the Nokia E90 before this.  The E90 has a full keyboard, complete with ctrl key so you can do seemingly simple things like copy (ctrl+c) and paste (ctrl+v).  With my Nokia E90, typing was a breeze.  You could even skip between words in sentences while typing text messages by holding ctrl and pressing left or right like you can in Windows (or even highlighting those words by pressing "shift").So imagine my disappointment when it took me a full minute of hunting through menus to forward a contact's phone number to someone via text message.  Short of looking up the number, writing it down on a piece of paper, then typing it back, there's no other way to do this.  What was a simple task on E90 and E70 (simply click options on the contact and it takes you to a sub-menu where you can copy the phone number into your clipboard), is an unwieldy chore on the N97.  Here's how to copy a phone number to your clipboard: Contacts->Click on the contact->Options->Edit->Click on the phone number->Options->Editing Options->Copy->Start->Drag your finger across the number->Click Done.  Absurd!  And Lord knows how to paste it once you have it on your clipboard (you can only paste in apps that support the "Editing Options" submenu, so forget about pasting information in forms and menus on the phone for a quick lookup).  I've scoured the Internet and there's simply no way to do this.Nokia has literally reduced functionality on this phone.Also, I can't stress enough how annoying it is to have to shift to type numbers, and to have to shift to type a comma.  Are you kidding me?  Commas are (or should be) the most used punctuation, up there with the period.  Nokia's choice to make you shift to get a comma is dumbfounding.About the apps:-----------------Browser: the browser is frustratingly stupid.  In older Nokia phones, you could simply type shortcuts while browsing 1 = enter URL, 2 = search, 3 = reload, 5 = switch between windows, etc.  They removed this functionality from the browser.  Why?!  It's so annoying I could punch a vase.  Why did you remove functionality that you had before, Nokia?  Why?  Nice one.-Facebook widget is okay; mostly sizzle, little steak.  The presentation is nice, and it updates pertinent information, but you can only scroll through 20 or so entries in the live feed.  There's no way to go trawling through a day or two of updates like you can by simply pointing your browser to the mobile version of Facebook.-Amazon app: throw it away.  It's little more than a mobile front page that literally takes you to browsing on Amazon's mobile site.-AP News: does what it's supposed to.  Video quality was good, news is what you'd expect from AP.  Fairly functional app.-Guitar Rock Tour (like Guitar Hero): boring and unresponsive on the touch screen.. you have to tap too hard to register a click, so it slows the gameplay down and is exhausting to play.-AccuWeather: fairly accurate weather forecasts, though typing "weather [zip]" in Google seems to give more accurate results (AccuWeather seems to return results for the city you're in, but in a large coastal city like Los Angeles for example, a few miles can make a big difference).Usability:-----------There's a volume control button on the side that pivots up or down, and it only seems to work on calls.  Since the buttons are there anyway, why not put them to use by allowing users to scroll up or down through menu items or web pages?  Dragging around on the touch screen is frustratingly inaccurate and a chore.-There's a nice lock button on the side of the phone that seems fairly responsive (you can lock/unlock with a flick of your thumb).  It did occasionally leave the screen black when I unlocked.  I've updated to the latest firmware and haven't noticed the issue since, but it's disconcerting when it happens.-Exiting applications is TORTURE.  In other Nokia phones, it's fairly easy to exit (just click the menu item, press up and it takes you to the bottom of the menu to exit).  Or simply press the red "hang up" button and it will exit most apps.  Not here.  Pressing the red button does nothing (it only takes you to the home page).  So before you know it, you have 20 different apps running in the background, all hogging up memory.-When you enter a sub-menu like the one for choosing symbols by pressing the "Sym" button on the keyboard, it's impossible to exit this menu.  You have to choose a symbol, even if it's one you don't want, and then erase the symbol you chose.  This underscores how poorly thought out the usability is.-Typing while in touch screen mode requires you to use a 10-key pad like on a traditional cell phone, and doesn't allow you to type using a full on-screen keyboard.  This is so incredibly stupid that I almost vomited.Anyway, the phone has some pluses, such as the 5 MP camera, good 3G support, good storage, fairly quick, etc, but I won't go into the positives because there are a lot of other reviews on here that do.  I've found that the negative reviews are always the most helpful on Amazon, even when an item has thousands of reviews (the negatives always point out stuff that I would also find annoying), so I hope that's also the case with this review.As I write this, I look at my pretty new N97 sitting next to my clunky old E90.  The E90 is a beast of a phone, and yet, it did what it was supposed to do, and didn't make you jump through hoops to do it.  I'll probably go back to the E90 and its dated apps, even if I have to use the terrible EDGE network for Internet.  What I lose in transfer speed will be made up for in typing speed.------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: 11/30/2009I've now used this device for a few months, and have a few more insights and grievances:1. There is very little thought put into the alarm clock function.  This is something basic I use all the time--instead of a real alarm clock in fact, so it's important for it to work well.  When you set an alarm, the default setting is to create a permanent alarm that would repeat in 24 hours. Most people use alarms for quick reminders, such as when you park at a meter, or to take something out of the oven.  So it's super annoying to have to go through and click "do not repeat" through a sub menu 5 times per day.  Here's what really annoys me: even Nokia doesn't believe it should repeat 24-hours by default, because when you set an alarm for an event in your calendar, the default is to NOT repeat.  Why the inconsistency Nokia?2. The slider button to unlock the phone is STILL GARBAGE.  I thought it was a good idea, but it works correctly only 2/3rds of the time, even after numerous firmware updates (I always keep up to date).  The slider leaves the screen lit every now and then, even when the phone is locked.  Sometimes it does nothing (it vibrates but screen stays dark).  Sometimes it's laggy so when you unlock it, it does nothing, then you do it again and it quickly unlocks and locks.  Stupid.  Get it together, Nokia.3. When you're on a phone call and you have to access any applications (such as your contact list to give someone a number), it's hard to get back to your dialer quickly (so you can switch to loudspeaker or switch calls).  You have to hold down the button in the lower corner for 2 seconds, then flip through your open applications to your dialer.  Stupid.  Why does everything take so long to do on this phone?4. Speaking of, the entire phone is TOO SLOW.  Basic functions like flipping from portrait to landscape, or pulling up your contact list, or going from locked to unlocked when you answer a phone call are almost always laggy (even with no running applications).5. Browser still has no keyboard shortcuts.6. Copy function is slightly improved (you can drag your finger across text in a text message and a "Copy" button will come up), but pasting is still IMPOSSIBLE unless the application specifically allows you to paste.  So if you get a text message with an address in it, and you copy the text message into your clipboard buffer, you can't paste it into another application like say, Google Maps.  You know, THE ENTIRE POINT OF COPYING AND PASTING ADDRESSES.  UGH.7. The proximity detector doesn't work half the time.  I'm so tired of the phone going to mute or to some random application because it was held up to my head while the phone's screen was active, so it thinks I'm pressing buttons with my face.  Stupid.8. I hate this phone.  The only reason I'm still using it is because of a few opensource apps that only exist on it, and it supports the US 3.5G networks, which the old E90 doesn't.I miss my E90.------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: 9/8/2010I absolutely hate this phone. I hate it.I've upgraded the firmware 3-4 times, I lost count. Nothing seems to help. The device lock still doesn't work. Sometimes it locks the screen (if you wait 3 seconds after a call), and sometimes if you don't wait long enough after exiting an app, it locks half the screen (most of it is dark but parts of the UI are still lit). Sometimes it doesn't do anything.I'm rebooting this phone 3-4 times per week due to lock ups.  I tried to update Ovi Maps, but it still tries to download to the C: drive despite setting my download drive to E:, and it runs out of disk space. There's nothing more I can remove or delete on C: to run this update. I'm so tired of Nokia. I'm not the only one... the people who used to run Symbian Guru shut down the site recently. This is a big deal. There are no bigger advocates of your product than loyalists who run sites like Symbian Guru.  To quote them:"To Nokia, you guys are losing. Hard. Wake the hell up. Doing the same thing repeatedly while expecting different results is the definition of insanity.  I've been a huge Nokia fan since my 2nd cellphone, and I just can't do it any longer. You guys aren't competing like you once were, and everyone but you seems to see that. You used to build the world's best smartphones, the world's best cameras, the world's best GPS units - you've lost pretty much all of that, and with nothing to show for it. You unveiled your Ovi vision over 2 years ago - I was there. Today, it's still a complete mess. I have to log in every single time I visit the site - regardless of how many times I check the `remember me' box. I spent 6 months (and about 3 hours at Nokia World 2009) trying to find someone to help me with Ovi Contacts on the web - no one knew who to point me to. You spent millions of dollars purchasing your Ovi pieces - Ovi Files, Ovi Share, and a host of other little companies - are you proud of what you `built' with them? Most of your own employees (that I've talked to) don't even use them, so why should I?"I hate almost everything about this phone. If it didn't support the faster 3G network (faster than other Nokia phones), and migration wasn't such a chore, I'd have ditched it long ago. Alas, there are no great Qwerty phones with all the features I'm looking for, except maybe the new Droid phones coming out. I think that's what I'm going to move on to. Nokia's inability to satisfy their core user base with high quality, high up-time units has lost me as a customer. Nothing short of a full refund and an apology would get me back to Nokia's arms again.

I've got aBlackBerry Bold, as well as an iPhone 3G. I'm not writing this review exclusively for comparing the N97 side-by-side, but given the price of this phone, the bar is set reasonably high. Obviously, nothing's really "as good as" a BlackBerry when it comes to e-mail (and you're using a BES), and nothing available right now is "as good as" an iPhone when it comes to web browsing or application availability. So for reference, those weren't taken in to consideration.The N97 arrives in a very nice package, with a pre-charged battery and thoughtfully written manual. The included software doesn't run on OS X, so I spent very limited time working with it.Within a couple of minutes of receiving the box, I threw my SIM card in and the phone was happily asking for some settings. What impressed me immediately, is that the N97 seemed to know exactly how to configure itself for data and MMS services. This is the first unbranded phone I've used that didn't need me to enter the settings for my carrier (AT&T;).The N97 almost instantly showed a strong 3.5G signal, and started filling the home screen with information. I placed a couple of test calls, and was extremely impressed with the sound quality. Without question, this is one of the best sounding wireless phones I've ever used.And then, the wheels started to come off...First task: sync my work mail, contacts, and calendars via ActiveSync.This started out reasonably easy, until I realized about halfway through the wizard that I had entered a setting incorrectly. Unfortunately, once you have something in the wizard, it's there. There's no "Back" button. So, the Mail For Exchange program started complaining immediately."No problem" I thought, I'll just change the settings. This turned out to be far more convoluted than it should be. "Options" doesn't give you a path to the settings. You have to go to hit the silver button, then go to Applications, then go to the "MfE" folder (which is incredibly cryptic, if you don't know what you're looking for) to change the settings.Once I had them changed, the N97 happy started grabbing everything I wanted from my Exchange server. I went back in to Options and saw some well thought out options, like setting "prime time" for a constant sync, and a schedule for when you don't need instant access. There were also options for setting Out of Office notifications, and the overall experience was quite good.Second task: set up my personal e-mail account.Having used the wizard already, this was straightforward. The program asked if I wanted to connect to get my mail, and I confirmed that I did. Mail showed up, and all was good. Until I tried to leave the program. That's when I learned that the N97 is apparently incapable of maintaining two mail connections.Annoyed, but willing to accept this limitation, I tried to put the account on my home screen, along with my Exchange account. Apparently, the N97 can't do this, either. You can have one mail box on the screen, regardless of the number of mail accounts you may be using.Third task: connect with my Bluetooth speakerphone.My car has a Bluetooth speakerphone. Since I can remember Bluetooth being a feature on wireless phones, Nokia seems to have dominated this space by including just about every Bluetooth profile under the sun. Pairing the N97 wasn't a problem. After it was set up, I made a couple of calls (which again, had awesome clarity) and thought everything was fine. Until...When I returned to my car later in the day, I noticed that calls weren't being directed to the speakerphone. As it turns out, the N97 won't re-pair with anything on its own. So while I could use the speakerphone with my Bold and iPhone without doing anything at all, the N97 requires you to hit the silver button, then go to Setup, then Connectivity, then Bluetooth, then Paired Devices, then pick the speakerphone, then hit "pair" every time.Speaking of which...Fourth Task: answer the stupid phone.I'm not 100% sure this is even possible with the N97. When the phone rings, you have a large bar with an arrow that points to nothing, and is labeled "Answer". If you tap it, nothing happens. If you hit the green button, nothing. If you unlock the phone and try either, nothing.Feeling like a complete moron, I had to look it up. It turns out, the bars are sliders, similar to the Unlock slider on an iPhone. Yet, this is really the ONLY thing in the OS that acts like an iPhone.Fifth Task: get Facebook working.This wasn't difficult at all. Enter your name and password, and go. The application looks similar to the BlackBerry version, which I happened to like more than the iPhone version.It does just about everything you'd expect it to, until it crashes. Yes, that's right. Until it crashes. Constantly. Sometimes it does a full "I'm kicking you back to the home screen" crash, and other times, you get a red box telling you that your phone needs to be restarted. Sometimes the red box goes away on its own. There's really no rhyme or reason to it.Sixth Task: read my e-mail.Well... on the first try, I had a message that said my phone was out of memory. You see, despite having 32GB of storage for music and movies, the amount of memory your phone can actually use for programs is quite limited. The out of memory message suggested closing other applications, which I did, and which resolved nothing. Rebooting the phone worked.That's when I discovered that the N97 is actually quite awful at rendering mail that isn't plain text.That's also where I started to give up on the N97. In between all of this, I also discovered that:*Your choices for incoming message alerts are either at the same volume as your ringer, or disabled.*Some things need to be double-tapped, others single-tapped, with little indication as to which is which.*The Ovi Store is basically a kludgy mess.*The keyboard will constantly register any key that you so much as brush your finger next to when typing.*There is virtually no connection between what the battery display chooses to tell you, and how much battery life you actually have.*The N97 is basically a hopeless mess of a phone.Admittedly, there are some bright spots:*The back camera takes surprisingly good pictures.*The included weather application is actually pretty cool, since it uses GPS and updates often.*The overall build quality of the phone is quite good.And sure, there are a boatload of hacks and tweaks you can make to the phone to get it to do things closer to what you want. But in my estimation, the amount of research and effort to do so is unreasonable, given this phone's cost.I've also heard that a new software update is imminent (as of this review, the most recent version available for this phone is 12.0.24), so that may solve some problems. But with the N900 not costing substantially more and a release date "any day now", the N97 is for Symbian fans only.

I am impress with the new Nokia N97, the picture quality is sharp as your camera, the video is much better. I like the interface, as you can hide the destop if you don't want it shown.  so far so good...

Perfecttt i also used iphone 3g before. N97 is much much better. Iphone is ahead slight with web browsing

I bought the N97 phone as an upgrade to my unlocked N95.  The phone is larger than the N95 and does indeed have a resistance based touchscreen.  The touchscreen was he only thing I felt would make the N95 the best phone ever.  However, with the N97 as you chat on the phone your face will activate items on your home screen, particularly an alarm setting.The phone did not come equipped with free symbian software for word, spreadsheets and abobe documents as the N95 did.  That you had to pay $20 to download which was disappointing.The internet connection shifting from webpage to webpage is slow to load, even with a 3.5G network, it was very fast(moreso than my computer) on the N95 phone with a 3G network.Many of the features are hard to figure out without a manual and it is annoying to have the memory card inside the same compartment areas as the battery.  Everytime you wish to remove the memory card you have to remove the backplate cover of the phone, instead of having a slot on the side of the phone.  There are many icons whle connected to the internet and looking at your email that you have no clue what they mean unless you are used to seeing them.  Lot of trial and error.  Simply the N95 was easier to work with, more compact and lightwieght and came preinstalled with many items of use that I appreciated so the price was worth it.This N97 is too pricey for the lack of preinstalled full useful versions of symbian software.

Before I write this review, some history. I used this phone for over 1 year, before this I owned a Nokia N95 for 2 years, a nokia 3650 for 4 years and a nokia 2260 before that. Needless to say, I was a big time Nokia fanboy. I was really impressed by Nokia's innovation, sturdiness of their phones and the ease of usability (and sleek designs some might say). That ofcourse changed after N97. I have one sentence that sums up this phone. It does a LOT of things but does not do anything well. I will go over each of its major components and tell why there is a problem:Camera: By far, the best feature of this phone. This is where Nokia did well. Unlike other phone manufacturers, they did not make a phone which also has a camera. They made a phone + camera. The lens is great and the resolution is great. The quality of pictures and all the available options makes it as close to a real camera as possible. However, I compare it to the camera on N95 and I am less than satisfied. The earlier camera was a lot more ergonomically stable and the lens cover was a lot nicer but I'm not going to complain too much about it. Still, the quality of images I get are a little less satisfactory than N95 and it didn't entirely replace my existing camera. I give it an 8/10Phone itself: The phone interface is really weird. Who sets automatic landscape setting on the phone itself? I go and try to answer a phone call and the bloody thing is trying to reset the orientation. So I have to wait before the image comes back on the phone. WTF! And then there is the connectivity. If for some reason I go out of network and then back in, there are chances it wont connect for a while. While my friend (who has the exact same carrier as me) is enjoying a conversation, I'm still waiting for a bloody signal. It is disappointing when the function like calling and receiving calls seamlessly should be the first thing the phone does. I give it 5/10Navigation: A new feature which was installed after I bought the phone. Good except its not very good when working offline. Kinda sucks when you go out of network. But some genius decided that a navigation software does not need a history! What? You mean I have to type the entire address everytime I add it? What if for some reason I accidentally exit? Re-type. What if I go there everyday? Re-type. Weird! And there is no bell or anything like normal navigation systems to warn you to turn now. Silly. 6/10Music player: First is the sync. If you transfer music via the mass memory feature then you wont see the songs in your list but if you sync them via the media sync feature then you will. I dont understand why there can't be one simple way to transfer everything. Why do you have to keep changing the mode? Also, if you push the back button on the song, guess what! It takes you back to the main phone screen! Hey! I only wanted to go back to the album! No sir! You cannot do that at all! Gets REALLY annoying especially if you are listening to music in the car. 5/10Touch and keyboard: The responsiveness of the touch screen is average. The touch keyboard is again a genius design. Why make the touch keyboard just like the old phones when you had to click on one key 4 times to type "c". Isn't that the point of the touch keyboard? The thing appears on a screen! Why not have all the letters of the alphabet there? Every other manufacturer does it. Why are you the only idiots who don't? And then you don't even give people the option. Why Why why? 3/10Memory and operating system: Wow! If there is anything that put the final nail on the coffin was this bit of the phone. Lets talk about the memory first. Nokia says the phone has 32GB memory. To be fair, that is true. If you want to transfer your music, pictures etc etc. Yes, it has 32GB of memory. What they however fail to mention is that there is something called a NAND memory. Which is only 64MB! What is this memory you ask? Why, its only the place where the entire operating system and most critical apps sit! Things like maps, push e-mail sit here. There is no way to transfer them to the mass memory as its called by Nokia. I wonder what the designers of this phone were thinking? In this day and age of all these apps that go on to smart phones, 64MB was going to be enough? You run out of memory very quickly and then are left to try and figure out ways to free up memory. It gets old really quickly and starts impacting your phone performance.The operating system is just the worst thing ever dreamt up. It has so many things wrong with it that I don't know where to begin. First off, finding any of the functions it does do is a full time job in itself. On top of that, it flashes a message every time you are out of network. You can't make it go away I have tried. No imagine you are receiving a call. Since my carrier does not have that capability, a message will flash while the call is coming in that data exchange is not possible. I know! Just let me answer the phone. Nope! It will flash that message for however long and then you can take your call. Combine that with the automatic landscape feature, voila! Its almost a second before you are allowed to answer your phone call. You are a bloody phone first! Let me get to my phone call! And the features like weather and e-mail widgets. Shouldn't they connect to the internet and retrieve your e-mails automatically? They do. For the first 30 mins and then stop doing it. If God forbid you get disconnected from network for some reason, the connection aint coming back unless you start it manually. Genius. Oh yeah, and the phone software crashes a LOT! Requiring a restart almost every day. 0/10Ovi store: When I bought this phone, I knew it wasn't an iphone so I wasn't expecting the app store but it should still work right? Here is my experience, I tried downloading an app and paid for it like a responsible consumer but there was an error while downloading. Guess what happened, it couldn't find my app. THere was no way I could go back and re-download it because it wasn't there! I tried contacting the OVI store. There was no phone number listed. So I e-mailed them. It took them a week to get back to me and they weren't able to understand my problem. How hard is it to send me a link to enable me to re-download the app? I am not trying to get it for free. I've already paid for it (my card was charged). Finally I get someone on the phone who tries to blame my network for it and sends me a download link which I have to use in the next 3 hours or it will disappear. I used the same link over my network without any issues. The problem was with OVI store. (Its even a lame name to be honest). There are a bunch of free apps too which are tried. They are all bad. 2/10Other complaints: I have ranted a lot here and I hope people read this and stay away from this phone. Frankly, I am done for life with Nokia products. I read things about their new n900 phone and saw similar issues with it. Here are some more issues I encountered. 1) My charging port broke. Now the only way the phone will charge is if I put it at a certain angle and connect it to my PC. Wouldn't help if I were travelling now would it? I think its past its warranty period so no point contacting anyone. 2) The mini-SD card is just plain hard to use. The card doesn't pop out all the way so you are left trying to pry the card using your finger nails praying it doesn't break anything. All in all, shows how bad the design is. Whatever was good about Nokia was destroyed by this phone. I paid $650 for this phone and I don't think its unreasonable at that price to expect that stuff works. Not only did it not but the things about Nokia like sturdiness, innovation, design etc that I mentioned earlier, are absent. I am thru with Nokia for good and want to warn everyone before buying a Nokia as it seems they don't want to test their products anymore

The phone was very good.All the features were working very good. The only reason i returned back the mobile is because of the defective battery.I got a battery with outer cover not wrapped up properly and the small plastic piece at the end of the battery is very loose. i think they didnt glued it properly so its little bit protruding out and and its not easily sliding inside the batter compartment. Found it very hard to remove and put the battery again. returned it immediately. still 15% as restocking fee is deducted for returning a defective item. :-(

I would never imagined that a $600 N97 would have a touchscreen keyboard like the old phones, with 3 letters per button. You need to touch up to 3 times a button to get certain letters. I returned it inmediatly.Cheers

This product came and worked only for a week and its stopped charging,it stopped being recognized on USB.Amazon told me to return it which was costly so l ended up using it in that state.itsNokia N97 Unlocked Phone, Touchscreen, 3G, 5 MP Camera, A-GPS, 32 GB, MicroSD Slot, and Integrated Ovi Applications--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)hell!

A must have nokia phone. Everything I ever wanted and more. Am not missing anything. Nokia live upto my expectations. User friendly and yet smart.

Nokia N97, the best little everything phone I've owned. Works like the quality phone it is with all the intellect that you could possibly ask for. I can honestly say I am only dissapointed in one thing(but I can wait) and that's not having Sirius radio here in Hawaii. One day I imagine they'll get it together.

I absolutely love this phone. My only complaint about it is that the web browser could be better. A few sites like Google Wave will not render correctly and other times the browser will just crash out and bring me back to the home screen.

The phone is amazing, because it s very complete and very friendly... If you re kind of smart...lol, you can have almost everything in it

So far I like it,  it's very stable for the most part but ocasionally it has issues with connecting to the net,  this might be due to the phone or due to the fact that the at&t; network in my small town has been neglected last 6 years and barely works. it tends to drop calls easily but overall is pretty good.  also it doesn't get nearly as good of signal as a blackberry in low signal areas.  it does require quite a bit of fiddling to get some of the settings the way you like but overall it's very easy to use,  I love the 32 gigs of internal memory,  provides lots of space for apps and music,  the video quality on the phone is also very good but the format support is limited.  the camera is exceptional,  it takes extremely clear crisp images and the video quality when using in video mode isn't bad either.  the second camera for video chat is of poor quality,  it's not good for making pictures but it is perfect for what it's ment for,  video calling.some questions I had about the phone when I ordered it I would like to provide answers for in case others have same question.first off,  the phone has several types of memory avalible,  your ram,  which is required to run programs,  it's got quite a bit for a phone but I think it could use more.  second is the phone memory,  I'm not sure how much is avalible total,  never bothered to check,  but I believe it's around 40-60 megabytes.  this is the primary location you'll install most of your applications.  the third area of memory is the 32 gigs of storage space,  you can store anything in it and even install more programs here,  please note not all applications will run properly from this memory,  but most do.  be careful about installing apps that are always running into this memory,  cause when you plug the phone into your computer in mass storage mode,  this memory is not accessable to your phone and apps running from it will run into problems.  the same is true for the last area of memory,  micro sd cards.  insert any size you want up to 16 gigs and you have just that much more storage added to your phone.  works just like the 32 gig memory,  you can put apps or whatever on it,  same thing about apps that run all the time in background applies to cards too.  also some older apps will only recognize the first memory card device,  the 32 gig memory looks like a card to most apps.  meaning many older apps will see it,  but will not see the sd card.  this is a limitation of the older apps,  not the phone.the gps reciever in the phone isn't very good,  it takes a long time to get a lock and looses signal pretty easy,  but it does work and works well enough to get the job done.I can't tell you how good 3g is on it,  I do not live in area with 3g coverage,  but edge is decent,  that is,  when I'm away from home,  edge network here creeps at about 2kbs,  it used to be much much faster but at&t; neglected the network and it's gotten very slow and unreliable in past few years.problems I've found with the device is sometimes the os will get unstable,  it's rare,  but when it happens you'll just have to reset the phone in most cases,  there is two methods to reset,  one is to dial a code,  the other is to hold a combo of keys while turning it on.  I know both work as I've tried both,  however I can't remember them of hand,  google can help.  the back doesn't seem well made to me,  but it's held on rather well so maybe it's a little stronger than it appears.  there is one app,  accuweather that comes on the phone,  I've had issues with this app from the start,  it rarely works,  recomendations on fixes or a better app is welcome.  often times the phone will have issues connecting to the net,  for no reason whatsoever the web browser will keep giving connection errors,  most people have recomended powering the phone on and off to get it to reconnect.  I found a quicker way that usually works.  exit your browser and go to home screen,  hold the end call button till it asks if you want to end data connections,  answer yes,  relaunch browser.  works nearly everytime but sometimes you still have to resort to restarting the phone.overall my thoughts on the device are it's worth the money.  most of the problems it has are fixed with the current firmware update,  there are still a few lingering problems I hope the 2.0 update coming out will fix.  but for someone who wants a decent media phone with lots of space,  it's definately worth the money.

First of all thanks for reading this review and hope it helps.My story with this phone is that I purchased it right after it came out into the market, from the start had to do a firmware update, and unfortunatly the phone keeps on presenting problems.  I am at firmware 2.0 and it just seems that this firmware just made the phone worse the before.  For starts, the phone presents constant lock ups and memory loss requiring hard reset (having to take out the batrery and memory card for the unit to start up).  Lock ups are most noticeable when the phone memory (ram) is low, even though no widgets or programs running the phone eats up ram by itself, and you receive a phone call.  Right after hanging up the phone locks ups and have to go throught the whole process of reseting the phone.  Options for the different screens are hard to acces since have to go through several menues to get to them. The camera lens is very prone to scratches, taking night pictures is basically unusable due to the flash being reflected from the scratches of the lens. Key pad feedback is basically not there, keys have no real sence of travel. The phone is under powered, there is a very noticeable lag between screen selection of a program and actualy opening of the program, screen rotation is slow to the point were you have to shake the phone to make it realise that you wish to go to portrait mode or back to landscape. Overall I personally do not recomend the phone, specially for the price of the unit.  There are a lot of other phones that even though, might have less functionality, work a lot better and are less frustrating to use then this unit. Support from Nokia is lacking, not very helpfull when you finally are able to contact them.Overall a very disapointing experience, leaves you feeling as if your were ripped of for paying a premium price for a substandard so called phone.

The best phone of the moment, it has everything in the same box, neither apple can achive that goal. Apple phones are just screens with icons,  useless applications and with middle technology, are just multimedia players with a GUI, not really phones.N97 is the best choice for everyone who wants to have everything in one gadget.

Since I already had an existing AT&T; phone, I wanted to get a new phone without the need to sign new contract or upgrade the existing one. I first checked the IPhone, but they don't sell it unlocked.So I found this Nokia phone and decided to try it out, I have been using it for a month now and overall it is good phone, but does have some drawbacks, here are the cons and pros:Pros:1- Nice and sleek design, although not true VGA screen, it is decent2- Keyboard is very soft and easy to use.3- OS is stable (so far), I used to have Windows phone and it drove me crazy, I had to reboot daily!! This one is waaaaay better.4- Lot of applications in Nokia's OVI store.5- Has support for Exchange server to sync business email and calendar, and it works perfectly, even with better interface than Windows phones.6- Support 3G (for AT&T;), sometimes it shows 3.5G, not sure if it means faster than 3G, and I really don't feel it is faster than 3G.7- The lens quality is excellent with impressive 5MP.Cons:1- When using the Speaker option, the microphone is very bad, many people complained my voice is cracking when I use the speaker option.2- The phone screen is not a real touch technology like the IPhone, it is more pressure technology, so sometimes I need to put little pressure when using it.3- Battery needs to be charged daily, especially when using Bluetooth or GPS.4- When installing the Exchange Mail app, it requires a locking password, but it does not ask the user for the password, because the phone comes with a pre-saved one (12345), and no where in docs or user guides or Nokia site provides this default password, it drove me nuts until I found it!!!5- I used Jawbone bluetooth and it works fine, until the Jawbone start run out of battery, and then the phone start act strange, calls gets disconnected or dropped, busy or no Network signal show up, etc.Overall it is a good phone, the UI is easy to use and takes short time to learn, it can be a strong competitor for IPhone if they fix the basic cons..---------------------------------------------------------------Update 4/23/2010, the phone became much more buggy after the Exchange App enforced locking code, the time out is only 20 minutes, so it gets locked easily throughout the day, here are the issues so far:1- When calls come in, 50% of the time the phone will not respond to the unlock side key, so the call will go unanswered2- When there is a Voice Mail, and lock, the VM notification will just hang the phone with no ability to choose any option3- Sometimes the phone is locked, using the side key to unlock it does not make any difference, the phone will hang.I have not seen these issues before I had to use the lock option, so if this option is not used, I think it is a decent phone, otherwise it is extremely buggy and now I need to reboot (or remove battery to restart it) at least once a week!!! It feels like using the Windows based phones again, with fancy UI.

It's a great phoe but no so good the battery though, it last less than 3 hours without making any phone calls, I like the phone but it's not practical for a working all day person.

Perfect phone, perfect pictures, really good GPS, hudge memory!! It is a great smartphone! I had before a N95 8gb, and the N97 is better!! And finally a Nokia phone really beatiful!Just some weakness, sound for ringing is not so load, and de vibration is weak to. But is just that!

This phone is amazing, I had the n98 8 GB before and this blows it away in performance and functionality

I recommend you this phone, after the last firmware's update  installed it's a SUPER PHONE!!!The internet calls works excellent, i've a connection with a zultys pbx (Using WiFi) and the quality is amazing, video calls in 3G are very good too!!

Nokia N97 Unlocked Phone, Touchscreen, 3G, 5 MP Camera, A-GPS, 32 GB, MicroSD Slot, and Integrated Ovi Applications--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)Bought this phone for my daughter and she absolutely love it. She's having the time of her life with the many features it comes with especially the Qwerty board for her continuous texting with her friends. She also loves the way it slides out and stays up like a screen which makes it much easier to see what she's typing while texting. It's a great, great phone overall. I've always been a fan of Nokia phones, thought them to be very user friendly and easier to comprehend no matter how technological they become. Thanks Nokia for once again shining as always.

It's a very good looking advanced smartphone and commpetes with the iphones. The price for it is better than the likes or other brands sold without contracts by other distributors. It has one the most powerful cameras on smartphones. At this price for an advanced smartphone like this, I give it ***** or five stars out of five

This would have been a 3 Star rating, but I subtracted one star for value.I received from Nokia and have been using the N97 from the first day it was released.It is loaded with great features, and has about all the capability one could ask for.It has great call quality, both send and receive.The touch interface is nicer and faster to use than a non-touch screen device.Bluetooth works great.GPS, especially linked with the new Google Maps release is stellar.Still camera quality is super, video adequate, except for audio pickup.Nevertheless, I would never advise anyone to buy an N97. Here's why:Battery life is inadequate. Can't get through a day with average use.Keyboard is slow and difficult to use, poorly designed, poor tactile feedback, impossible to see small blue function labels on every key except in low light when the internal lights are illuminated. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. I really hate the old style telephone keypad text entry, but it's actually faster and easier that the QWERTY hardware.Operating system is arcane, clunky, and NOT user friendly.  It has some features that just plain defy logic.Phone lock switch sometimes works, sometimes not.  Even after installing the firmware upgrade.There are many, many features, but few perform well.Really screwed up memory management. Very small C: drive that fills up over a few weeks. The cure advocated by Nokia tech support is to reformat the phone. Then it works fine for a few weeks until you have to do it again. That means hours reinstalling and reconfiguring the phone each time. If you don't reformat, the phone will bog down completely, most apps won't run, and you will be tormented by Memory error messages.  This flaw alone makes the phone unusable unless you have the time and enjoy constantly tinkering with the phone.  I'm as geek or more as the next guy, but when I depend on the phone to work, it constantly lets me down.The C: drive issue can be partially resolved by spending hours un-installing apps from the C: drive, then going to the Ovi store to re-download and manually install to the Mass Memory.  Kiss your weekend good-bye.The RAM on the phone is too small.  In normal use, is it almost fully  used.If have installed programs you have paid money for on the Ovi store, once you reformat, you can't download them and reinstall unless you PAY AGAIN.!!  (This surprises Nokia reps every phone call, but there are incapable of resolving the problem.  Finally after 2 weeks, I discovered the secret formula:  get a refund, and then download again.  (What's a few hours of voice mail/support purgatory every few weeks?)FM transmitter is poor.  Unusable in an automobile.Numerous re-boots required each day to squash operating system and app bugs.Voice command function is poor.  Not practical to use.Numerous bugs, especially via text input into the Facebook app.  It gets stuck in the function key mode frequently, and you have to go back to the archiac touch screen interface.Symbian, and the overwhelming majority of apps available are Euro-centric. Nothing wrong with Europe; actually I would rather live there, but I don't. That means functionality for US users always seems "once removed", kind of like always dealing with a poor translation into English.If the Apple phone would multi-task, integrate with Exchange server better (multi-task again), and have user accessable battery, microSD and SIM card slot, I would put up with no keyboard.I can't stand the thought of using a stylus, but may be driven to an HTC WinMo device soon. The N97? Maybe for $100, but then you would still have to use it.In the meantime, I may have to fire up the E71x again sitting in my drawer. With all the hassles and bugs in the N97, and even after coming to appreciate how nice it is to have a touch interface, the device has to work; but the N97 doesn't work without a continual fight.The marketplace is screaming for a smartphone with the connectivity of the N97 (Quad band w/tri-band 3G, FM receive/transmit/ wi-fi, bluetooth, standard cable connections), great battery life, fast CPU, user accessible battery and micro SD slot, a decent operating system, great UI, no stylus required, excellent QWERTY hardware, quality video and still capture, flawless Exchange server interface, that can multi-task. Unlocked of course.The good news is that smartphones will get better; there is huge room for improvement.HERE IS A POST OF MINE FROM THE NOKIA FORUM.  IF YOU HAVE A N97, YOU WILL BE FAMILIAR WITH THE PROBLEMS DESCRIBED.Some observations and comments about the N97.The biggest issue I would like to see remedied in a firmware release is the RAM and C: drive memory management problem.  The default should be "works fine without user input".  Right now, unless one dives into the system and makes all kinds of tweaks and setting changes, the phone eventually stops working and torments the user with endless memory related error messages.  Nokia tech support has "never heard of this issue".  Right.I don't know the answer, but I do know the question:  Why is C: drive (phone memory) separate from D: and E: drive (mass memory).  ?  Why is so little free RAM space available after phone bootup?How about fixing the Profiles so that you don't have to drill down through menus via Settings to reach the timed option.  That should be available right from the home screen Profile status icon.  I should not have to use valuable space on the home screen to make a second link to profiles.The native email application should be Nokia Messaging.  Why can't I install Nokia Messaging on Mass Memory??Roadsync should be able to be installed on Mass Memory, not C: drive.Why are plenty of apps that come with the phone installed on the C: drive?  Facebook, AP news, Bloomberg, ennui all work fine when uninstalled from C: drive, then re-download from Ovi and reinstalled in Mass Memory.  What kind of user experience is that??What's with Boingo and Joku?  I bought the phone unlocked for plenty of $$.  Come on Nokia!!  Let me remove the Crapware, especially when it interferes with functionality, like Boingo taking Priority 1 for connections, and being locked in place.  ARRGGHH!!!Let me remove apps that can't be used in the USA.  For example, when selecting My Nokia, I get a message that it's not available in my country, but I can't remove the app from the phone.How about an option to select QWERTY keyboard internal lighting ON, independent of the external light sensor?  The blue function key items can be nearly invisible without internal lights "ON"..  The keyboard is bad enough, at least we should be able to see it.In fact, the slideout QWERTY keyboard is so bad, why not put one on the touchscreen?How about making the Access Points and Destinations boondoggle user friendly?  A little automation would go a long way in user experience.  Connection to the Internet should be seamless, whether through GSM or Wi-FI, without disabling the phone when out of range of the one being used.WinMo has Symbian beat on text input.  At least fix the unpredictability of when a letter will automatically be capitalized at the beginning of a sentence.Fix the Ovi store.  For example, after reformatting the phone, the only way to get some previously paid-for apps is to pay again.  (e.g., RoadSync).  An option to download the installation file  to my PC for storage and installation via Nokia PC Suite would solve that problem.  Right now, it MUST be downloaded directly to the phone, where it installs itself automatically to the C: Drive.  Grrrr...Fix the audio capture during video recording.  Boost the sensitivity! Audio on video playback is way too low.Can the FM transmitter power output be increased?  It sure doesn't work in my car, and is marginal sitting right next to the antenna on my FM radio in the office.Make the ability to close an open app consistent.  Some can be closed from the open apps window, others only from within the app itself.So many things are not well thought out.  Let's see if Nokia can recover and turn this lemon,  aka know as the N97, into lemonade.If I have some things wrong guys and gals, let me know.  If I do, it's an indictment of the poor job Nokia has done on user experience, because I have spent days and days of research time to get and keep the N97 working. It should be easy, not a constant struggle fighting the phone.  I like to geek out as much as the next guy, but the N97 is not dependable;  it will let you down when you need it most.Nokia only has so much time.  Once the iPhone gets multi-tasking, better Exchange support, accessible battery and microSD, better still and video capture and MMS support, the lack of a slide out QWERTY will not be a deal killer.Do you have a punch list of fixes you would like to see?  Maybe Nokia will read this forum string, and we can help them and ourselves out by giving them a clue.[...]

My order- N97 unlocked Phone, was delivered in 5 days as stated, and it was brought in brand new package with all the accessories inside.

Pro: good set of business functionality; easy to get up to speed if you are already a Nokia userCon: unacceptably bad service for a business phone -- here is my experience:*  Over the last 2 months, the phone has been to Nokia repair center 4 times,and has been with them a total of 26 days*  I have now dealt with 9 different individuals within Nokia seeking alasting resolution; many of whom broke commitments to "get back to me",most of whom just passed the case onto someone else*  Faced with an unreliable phone and indifference from Nokia, I switchedto Sony Ericsson, after 10 years as a Nokia user

So far, I was not able to test it fully but until now it didnt disappointed me.

Hi all, I am the biggest nokia fan. I had around 10 or 12 phones in 8 years. I ordered Nokia N97 two weeks back [...], I recieved it on last week. I was so much happy to see my new N97. I opened it worked for 10 minutes then it didnt detect any network. I tried it with both two service providers in US. Didnt work, then I shippied it the next day and I ordered new N97. then I was waiting for 2 days then I received the new N97, opened and switched on, again defect. What the Heck.... there were two dark lines on the display. Come on what you nokia guys thinking.. are we stupid I paid $700. Now I am going to ship it back to them tomorrow. And more nokia in my life. switch to someother standard phone. So guys beware don't buy it. Thats all i can say.

I waited for this phone for a long time. I was planning to buy iphone but i have been a loyal Nokia customer for last 6 years so I waited for this phone and got it from Nokia flagship store even before it was even available from amazon.The touch interface is horrible. Sometimes when there is an incoming call, I have to press accept button 3-4 times before it is recognized.The GPS is even worse. I have owned this phone for quite some time now and it has never captured satelites when I need it to (in total it has been able to capture satellite twice  but both these times I just switched GPS on for fun). my friends Iphone has never failed him even a single time.battery is average. I am moderate user and for me it lasts 48 hours.Now some positives (thats why it earned 2 stars):plenty of storage. Music quality is awesome. camera is great.Bottomline: This would have been a great phone had it come 3 years back or had it been available for $350 but for $699 (though todays price is $529) definately not worth it.

While we have previously reviewed this product for the Vine Program, we enjoy its features very much. The cell reception as a phone is excellent in our area. The bells and whistles are fun should you want to use them. There are plenty. 3G is great too.

I'M NOT MUCH OF A INTERNET USER BUT TO HAVE A PHONE, HAVE NOKIA.IT HAS A BETTERRECEPTION COMPARE TO ANY OTHER PHONE THAT I HAVE COME SO FAR.EVERY CELL PHONE WILL ALWAYSHAVE NO MATTER HOW BEST THEY TRY TO INVENT,IT WILL NOT ABLE TO SATISFY THE USER TO THEIR NEED.TAKE MY ADVISE AND CHOOSE THE NOKIA FOR YOUR GOOD AS NEW.

What a disappointment for a phone costing this much. Even though it has lots of features build in, phone just doesn't hold up to it's old reputation anymore. First week I tried it, phone froze multiple times, only way to fix it is take the battery out and let the phone go thru a hard re-boot. Most of the time the phone's ring tone settings mysteriously jump to silent and I missed a lot of phone calls. Ring tone volume and vibration are weak even though I set it to highest and loudest setting. Signal reception is weak compare to my old Nokia N95 (same sim card with same service used in same geographical area) meaning in weak reception area where my old N95 got 1 to 2 signal bars, I can still make and receive calls versus the N97 in the same area will say no signal.Very disappointing for a phone costing this much. If I wanted a phone with problems costing this much and made in china, I'd rather buy the iphone 3Gs at 1/3 the price. At least if I were to have any problem, I can just walk into an Apple or AT&T; store and either place will honor the warranty. I will be keeping my Made in Finland, Nokia N95 (high quality, no problems after 2+ years of use) phone for a few more years.

Like a Nseries real fan, my last purchase was the N96. I was willing the N97 to have a serious gadget, computer and entertainment all in one device. Now i am happy that i made a good decision. The only thing i am facing right now is that there are little apps designed to the 5th edition Symbian OS. I have to recommend the quickoffice great application which gave me the oportunity to transfer my adobe and quickoffice licenses to this edition. The other problem is the battery, i thought nokia was going to fix the duration but it's better to purchase more batteries or i recommend better the new and updated cradle from boxwave. Nokia N97 Desktop Cradle (With Spare Battery Charger) The qwerty keyboard is so great that when you combine the autocomplete option you obtain great productiviy. I'm so happy with the design, but i'm so concerned that the Symbian OS isn't so develop like others, but the multitasking feature is what ended taking my final decision. I chose the black version and now i'm so happy to obtain great features with ovi sync and professional email program of ProfiMail, Try it you're gonna love it!!

This is the absolute worst smart phone I've ever purchased.  It's really a dumb phone!  The user interface is overly complex and sluggish.  The apps (especially email and messaging are quite dated). Screen resolution is okay at best.  The keyboard is an embarrasment (there's no key travel), there are glitches in some of the apps.  The apps are very basic at best.Nokia claims that it's n-gage enabled, which it's not. Finally after 4 days of back and forth with tech support they said, "sorry about that".I tried to return but my call was 10hrs past my return deadline. I explained that technical support back and forth and they offered NO FLEXIBILITY. Nokia is the most unfriendly customer support company there is.I am going back to AT&T;, change my plan back to iPhone and then change to the new HTC Hero when it comes out.My phone will be on eBay this afternoon.This is almost like having a Chevy Nova engine in a Ferrari chassis. What an utter disapointment all the way around.

1. Nokia is always been known for their battery life and signal quality it shows on this device2. The battery life is great 1500mah. You can easily go a day or 2 without worrying about charging your phone.  All my calls are loud and clear haven't had a drop call yet.3.Touch screen is resistive not capacitive. Being a ex iphone user It did take me a while to get used to  b/c its not heat sensitive. All you have to do is use your fingernail or stylus and you will be surprise how responsive it really is.4. Great thing I love about nokia is there customer service and firmware updates. U never have to wait long for a firmware upgrade.5. UI/Symbian  Personally I found the software very basic/plain looking they could of done a better job. But the software works well and it does what its suppose too. The phone gives you sooo many options and features to customize the phone to your needs Which I like but Some people may find it confusing though. Symbian OS is not for everybody i think the software is great easy to use, doesn't glitch or freeze, syncs up to your multiple emails with ease, Able to multi task unlike the iphone.6. overall its a great device, If you like being different and if your service with att is great in your area. I would totally recommend this device.SOO many features, Fm tuner,fm radio,5mpcamera,facebookapp,32gb. If your a iphone fan boy you will most likely hate this phone haha :P. This phone is not made for idiots unlike the iphone :P. If have trouble syncing up your damn email account on your cell phone. This is tooo much phone for you :O

Things that could be better:Facebook app. I think that the IPhone application is betterNo multi touch screenThe pdf reader application is not free like other nokia phonesThings I like:Great sound[...]Very easy to use

What a great phone, so far everything with this phone works great, the full key board is easy to type with, great email connections, very bright screen.

Luego de tener ya dos semanas con el telefono comprado aqui mismo en AMAZON (antiguamente tenia un BB 8520 y creo que es mejor que este) he visto que no es la maravilla que esperaba, el telefono trae sus pro y sus contra pero hablare de los contra que son lo mas molesto de este celular:1.- la bateria baila dentro del telefono no se ajusta al telefono, al mover el telefono al modo teclado, se siente como la bateria se mueve y la tapa que recubre la bateria posee un juego nada agradable para ser un nokia a este precio. al poner el telefono boca arriba y quitan la tapa de la bateria esta cae sola, no se ajusta MALO.....2.- Si los blackberry se congelan con cualquier accion que hicieras, este se lleva el premio mayor, se congelan al girar la pantalla, al abrir la pantalla, al usar la camara es en donde mas se congela y no funciona la camara y se reinicia sola si no se tiene que quitar la bateria o apagar el equipo varias veces, por que razon no se, sera mala calidad del equipo (por eso sacaron el n900 a base de linux.)por que el n97 no SIRVE PARA NADA3.- el sistema operativo Es una basura, LENTO....4.- Camara otro problema, al tomar la foto con flash la camara percibe el respandor del flash al lado izquierdo del lente , osea, el lado izquierdo de las foto con color blanco.... Este detalle descompenso los 5 MP del equipo...5.- El nokia messaging es una plataforma de correo demasiado lenta a comparacion a la de los blackberry (eso si es una plataforma) los email que me llegaban al instante en mi anterior blackberry, en el nokia llegan despues de 10 minutos a 12 horas despues de ser enviado, QUE PESIMO....6.- Esta actualizado a la ultima version del software que el mismo telefono te informa y la actualizacion es peor que la anterior.Los pro...1.- La velocidad de conexion es buena 3.5Gbueno amigos de AMAZON espero que con esto les haya ayudado a decidirce si comprarlo o no.for English please use language tools for GOOGLE

This phone was great, in the initial design. Everything else sucked.Okay, so you know how you press the little symbol button and then other buttons to make the symbols on them? This works for about half the keys, but the rest are mistlabeled. Also, a &#34;qwerty&#34; keyboard has the space bar in the middle. It's so inconvenient to relearn the placement of this after years of use with it in the middle on other phones.As far as user-friendly, this phone is not. If you haven't used fancy expensive phones before, you might wanna try to get someone who knows what they're doing to show you how to use this phone.Further, I have not yet been able to figure out how to get the web and MMS to work on it for StraightTalk and there is NOTHING on the internet about that.

I bought one for me and one for my girlfriend, definitely not recommended.Very unstable, it restarts by itself or goes off during a call, sometimes when it goes off I've needed to remove the battery to turn it on, otherwise the button wont work, the first firmware updates using ovi pc suite were terrible, things were erased or duplicated, sometimes the phone didn't work at all and had to reinstall firmware. It also freezes at shuts down applications or just freezes and you need to remove battery to restart.I had a 1st gen Iphone, and it was a far better phone than N97.

I got the N97 a couple of months ago switching from the Iphone 3g. Since just about everyone has the iphone now a days i decided to make a switch. The N97 is a little bit harder to get used to but it works pretty well my only complaints would have to be the lagging between programs and my phones memory keeps filling up with browser data. Other than that i like the fact that i can customize everything to make the phone look different and all of the 3rd party apps.

I read a lot of reviews before buying.  I have been with the phone for one week and I am really happy.  It is true that in the beginning I had to do a lot of hard reset and I thought all the bad things were true but then I updated the firmware.  That is my first recommendation.  After that, it improves a lot.

Last month I had two problems- I had lost my excellent phone Nokia N95 8 GB and bought Nokia N97 for more then 500$It is just big surprise for me -it looks like Nokia, but it is not ...You can see detailed review everewhere and unfortunately my phone has every described problem ... Last one- it hangs and frezes after any incomimg call and I have to remove battery to reset...I don't say I'll never buy Nokia, may be one day they will have again good phone, but right now my reccomendations are- don't buy N97.

I actually DON'T own a N97 myself. But nearly everyone around me had one. Everyone had different comments on the N97, just like people here had different words about this phone. There is a situation: I can rarely see any insight reviews... Most typical example: lazybones, you don't just compare iphone to N97, OK?? I've been a s60 and Nokia user for years and years until I lost my N82 a year ago. By that time, iPhone already spread out in the world. Needless to purchase a new phone, my dad had a spare iPhone, which substitutes my N82. And you know what, I found it's poisonous, because it's completely built for lazybones, and when people start becoming lazy, they never wanna change back. It's a easy thing to use iPhone, for sure, install things by touching once, but it never made me feel like a real owner and user of the phone like I did when I was with s60 in N82... Maybe I seem to have no points on what I'm saying, but I had this statement: if you are a fan of iPhone, then you would never start liking symbian, and most unlikely Nokia...Well since I did not have a N97, I don't deserve to RATE this stuff...instead, i just typed what I wanted to comment on all those pointlessly negative reviews... And I gave a three stars as a median rating... It's probably bad for N97 on Amazon, cuz it's actually a 3 1/2 currently...

I am a Nokia customer and enthusiastic for over a decade. In the recent past, I have lectured a lot to anyone on how N95 (my previous cell phone) was far better than iPhone. Finally, I've waited anxiously for N97 release since it was announced until I bought my own piece in Amazon, by the opportunity of a friend's trip to USA, because I live in Brazil.The phone handling is quite good, but lacks a lot of functionality and intuitive commands you find in iPhone, but so far so good. It irritated me a lot the constant auto-reset "obsession" shown by N97, but I looked to me as an issued to be fixed in next firmware. It was sooo frustrating when I had to configure my e-mail account more than 3 times because it simply disappeared from my phone without any trace...When I was just getting used with all N97 peculiarities and handling, just listening to some music (with no other application running simultaneously), I tapped on the playing song's name and tried to add it to a specific playlist and the phone just froze... and showed the same froze image for over an hour, until I decided to take off the battery and reset it by force, since the hard reset (hitting 3 buttons) wasn't working at all.Well, ever since my phone did not work anymore. Whenever I start it up, it stops and freezes at the white page with Nokia logo. Not even the start-up song is played... In a desperate measure, I left it "thinking" alone for over 7 hours, but it didn't revive. Plugging it to a computer and exchanging batteries also did not work.Left it in a Nokia authorized tech support, but they just returned it to me with its death sentence, since it would be necessary to replace the mother board...Now, I'm trying contact with Nokia and Amazon for over 5 days, but still no response from none of them. I think they are going to just turn their backs to me...That's why I am buying tomorrow the new iPhone 3GS 32GB, a more reliable and fancy phone. Why I didn't buy it ealier? Because iPhone did not have video camera and still does not have a true GPS with navigation. Guess what? N95 showed me how it sucks to be trying to reach somewhere and someone calls you... It's annoying. That's why I'll buy also a dedicated GPS, which will certainly work better than N95, N97 and iPhone all together.PLEASE BE SMART AND DON'T BUY N97 AND ANY OTHER NOKIA CELL PHONE.Leandro Armani

The product is good and has a lot of features.  It is hampered by the Symbian operating system which does not have a lot of apps for it.

good cell phone

Well i have been using Nokia for as long as i can remember. I had the N 95 ,N 95 8GB ,N96(useless) and now this great N97.At first i thought that Nokia trying touch screen might suck,but i have to say the phone is very impressive and the OS is new version with beautifull colors and easy to operate,look and work with. I dont want to do a review here as a lot of people have done it.Its a great phone if you can afford it ,prolly the best atm.I got it in perfect condition from amazon ...eeeks they dropped the price 24USD since i bought it but thats always the case with new elecs.Great buy ,beautifull feel and pretty good elegant looks.Lovely i just noticed that i praised it soo much already ,oh well as it is obvious its a very good phone.I could not find a problem with it so far.Enjoy

on the first phone it didn't work properly and even though the seller replaced for free. the second one broke 3weeks after its arrival, the slide lock no longer works the mechanism broke off. so No I don't like this phone now. before it broke yes it was nice.

Nice phone, but not the best. Negative points:* Touch screen not as good as an iphone.* I got a white screen of death after one week using it.* Not on screen qwerty.* Adobe pdf on trial version.* Short talk time battery.

it is a good phone but sometimes, needs a hard reset. The screen got some scratches after 10 moths use(not bad). It's ok overall.

This phone has a very small screen and is very heave.  I am returning it. Did not even take it out of the package!

The N97 beats out the iPhone hands down. Every single feature the iPhone has, Nokia has done better... plus it has more features. It has a significantly better camera (actually it has two cameras). It can have up to 64 GB of space. Tethering is easy. You can have multiple apps running at once. The only downside is that the Nokia apps store is small compared to the Apple apps store.

I went through 2 of these defective phones before I got the 3rd here.  Even this one was buggy and would consistently drop calls, freeze up for an inordinate amount of time when responding to a simple txt.  I am an IT professional and didn't have much installed on the phone and always installed the latest firmware.  I have had Nokia phones all my life and my 1st smart phone was the N95 8GB.  After my experience with Nokia's latest smartphone and worthless OVI store I am officially done with Nokia unless they get their act together.  I just got a Nexus One and it is blazing fast and opens anything by the time you have your finger off the screen.  Nexus One BEST PHONE EVER! Don't waste your time with this POS!

It's not worth it with the price $699. It is really suck, with small amount RAM (128mb) and slow cpu. That's why phone always lag and error. Firmware outtodated, app sometimes error and hang, also sometimes u need do 2-3 times to unlocked key pad and wait for backlight on, so annoying. It is not what i expected for $699.

This is a great phone if you haven't been a iPhone user.Pros:- Elegant phone- Excelent touchscreen for a resistive screen.- The quality of the camera is amazing.- Endless space (32 GB)- I like very much the home screen (you can add widgets, like shortcuts to your apps)Cons:- Included email app doesn't work.- Cpu is slow.- Ovi store is just starting, lack of apps.- Included web browser is good, but could be better. (sometimes crashes)As I said, if you are an iPhone user you won't like the resistive screen, you will find the phone unresponsive, but if you haven't used capacitive touchscreens, (like me) you'll find this phone really cool (although I'm looking forward for the N900!!!)I've never liked the iPhone, and I have always trusted Nokia, so for me this is the best pick.

well the first thing, i'm write this post from my very cool N97.Ok, say that go to the important thig.1. The phone ship in the date estimated. Great!2. I'm live in Chile and this phone work great in my country. Very nice!3. The keyboard it's espectacular. Very comfortable!4. The feel&look; it's really cool.5. Absolutty all my contacts i have sync from my gmail account. This is really great, because all thing that  i have in my cell phone sync to my gmail and the same in the other way.6. The camera it's ok. Is not a espectacular, but cam on, it's a cell phone.In the other hand. The Symbian OS it's ok, but i think with Android or Maemo this phone Rocks! -is not only a phone, actually in my first day i use a variety of functionallaty but i don't recive any call and i don't call anyone XD.I installed putty for my SSH connections and other thing that a think it's the posibillity of download multimedia files and management.In the past few days i download a zip file which containt a lot of mp3 files. The cell phone download them and when i open the zip file, the browser offer my extract the content in any path of i want. I extract in the music collection and after i updated the collection. The new files was added to the collection. That it is a really cool thing.

Last year I purchased the Nokia N-95 8 GB unlocked cell phone, which I thought was a great phone.  However, recently I purchased the Nokia N-97 32 GB, 3G unlocked cell phone, and I have to say it is far superior to the N-95.  The ease with which you can access and interface with the telephone is outstanding.  If you are looking for a new cell phone and have a little extra cash to spend, I would highly recommend this phone.Nokia N97 Unlocked Phone, Touchscreen, 3G, 5 MP Camera, A-GPS, 32 GB, MicroSD Slot, and Integrated Ovi Applications--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)

Sorry I bought this product - I should have bought the Apple 3GS - oh well

The device seems to be ok but when I turn it on I am not able to see anything on the screen, no menu, nothing! I can receive telephone calls but not able to perform anything else!It seems to be ok but it is not working!

When i receive the N97 I was very exiting because I wait many months to have on  in my hands.but in the next or second week of use it, start the problems.Many problems or the same problems of many people say here.What's wrong Nokia? I always say N Series is the best thing in cell-phones' world!! but now you disappoint me and all your fans!!some people say there is 2 kind of N97: the USA version (that it's very very bad) and the european version (the nice and works very good!!)I don't know if it's true or false but we need some explanation about that, because if the rumors are true we need in America same things, good as other places!!

OK, so I have seen some reviews that complain about the OS (and I can't figure why that matters, because the phone is easy to use anyway) and the screen that goes out after 90 seconds (but you can reset that time).  This is an excellent product.  Want the screen on out of power save mode?  Slide a button.  Big deal.  Solidly made, QWERTY keyboard makes texting quick, easy, and accurate, but there is also the touch screen.  The maps feature can work by satellite GPS alone - so if you are really in the boonies -- and I get into those areas -- you can still get a fix on your location, even though you are not near a cell tower.  I combined it with a ATT prepaid plan, so I get plenty of voice minutes, unlimited texts, and adequate data for $30 per month.  Yes, $30.  This is the frugal person's dream.  And, it works with maps (for free) in over 70 countries.  All for $200.  Given that I only pay $30 per month (and that plan relied on &#34;bring your own phone) I will pay off the phone in about six to eight months.  Just what I needed.

Un equipo espectacular... al llegar a mi pais solo le intruduje un sim card de otro movil y a funcionar, Lo unico que tengo que agregar es Nokia ya anuncio que las ventas de este equipo ya llegaron a los 2millones de unidades todo un record que sigue creciendo... antes de comprar revisa la version mini.... Nokia N97 Mini

I saw the iphone 3gs and th n97, both of them are fast but the n97 is easier to work and have a camera with 5.0 mp and flash!!

I was always impressed with Nokia phones because first they are known to make very good "cell phones", however, when I bought the N97, I was depressed as I had put in [...] and the phone would freeze on me and had issues with the camera also (all software problems)When Nokia announced the major software update in around Feb/March 2010 and after updating the software, I was relieved. I have till date not seen any software freeze and can work on multiple apps at the same time. I am not a person who is always stuck to the phone for checking emails, face-book but use it while travelling to listen to music, reading pdf or playing games and I can perform more than 2 tasks easily without any issues. The camera is awesome and this was one of the important criteria I went for the N97 instead of the iPhone.Loading music in the cell phone is a cake walk and not to forget the FM that is available. Since I did not have an iPhone, I got used to the resistive touch screens and double clicks for opening the apps even though some of the reviews do mention this as a problem. Keeping the price in mind, Nokia should have included the pdf reader and office for free instead of having it to download from [...] for a fee. All in all the phone comes in with load of features at a price, but I guess if you manage to get an unlocked iPhone, you would probably paying the same price. Lesson learnt..always wait for couple of months for the product to stabilize and then go for the purchase.

I had an N95 with which I was so happy, so I decided to buy the N97 seems fantastic complies perfectly with every item that N97 promised.Phone to make calls perfectCamera 5 mpx very good its time to have more mpxMemory 32 gb perfectGps (garmin) perfectSynchronize phone and pc (via bluetooth) perfectWireless very goodTouchscreen perfectThe keyboard perfectTo play music very goodIntegrated Ovi Applications goodto be honest I had no problem with the phone, it works to perfection

My colleagues got their iPhone 3GS on June 19. I had the pleasure to play with them. After one week with iPhone 3GS, I am glad to have my N97. There are no so-called perfect phone. but this is what I can do with my N97, very basic, I can change the battery any time I want. I can pop in or take out my SIM card for or from another phone. I can expand my memory capacity by switching my memort card. When 32GB MicroSD is available, my N97 will have 64GB in total (my colleagues were so mad when I slowly put in the battery and 16 GB MicroSD card in front of them). The phone is solid built with great screen display quality. I love the keyboard. iPhone 3GS costs $699 without a contract. I paid less than that for my N97. I have no complain.

I think that the Nokia N97 is a great phone. I would be the first to say that it has some issues that should be solved by future firmware updates.(kinetic scrolling throughout, ram issues) I'm by no means a power user. This phone accomplishes everything I need it to do and also gives me options to do some fun stuff as well. I'm a Nokia phone guy. I grabbed the N97 and was up in running in no time. The os is very familar. Some would say that this old and boring. I say that this is a major selling point. I don't want to learn everything over again just because I'm getting a new phone. It's great being able to listen music, check my email, and chat with my wife. I love the camera. This is a major selling point to me because most phones have crappy cameras. The Fm transmitter is also a plus to me. I've used that feature more than I can count. The touch screen is very usable. I wish they would have included a virtual qwerty keyboard. I use the virtual T9 keyboard often and I must say that it is great. The physical keyboard takes alittle getting used to but within days I was typing without much effort. In closing I would say that this phone is great. If you are looking for an Iphone killer this isn't in the same boat as the Iphone. If you are on the fence on buying this phone go ahead you will not be diappointed.

I purchased the N97 with high hopes that it would be the Iphone killer. I opened the  box with great anticipation. I charged the battery popped in my ATT sim card as red to go only to have the screen go black and the phone cut off.  Turned phone back on. Input my email account,FaceBook info and Accu Weather information. Had to turn phone off and turned it back on and all the information i entered was gone. Re entered my information and tried to check out some you tube videos. At best the performance of the N97  was mediocre.  the videos played in partial screen and were not of good viewing quality and that was over wifi connection. Turned off the phone for the night only to turn it back on and have my information erased again.  Returned phone.This phone is worth maybe 199 tops. The S60 UI is dated and unresponsive on the touch screen and very slooooow. Touch Screen required multiple taps to get into every applications.  Not sure it i just got a bad unit or what but was very unhappy with this phone/ piece of crap...

I ordered this phone from Amazon assuming that I am getting the right phone as I am used to Palm lines of phone with both Qwerty and touch screen phones and I wanted an unlocked one with the same function. There were issues with Nokia. They shipped with a wrong battery type which even after full 4-5 hours of charging, would discharge the moment I disconnected from the charger and did an ON/OFF. I called Nokia USA customer service 2-3 times and they didnt even bother to call me back even after a week.Then the address book search is not very user friendly as the search on firstname or last name is not bringing out the correct match. In all, those who need a real qwerty kb and touch screen phone, this may not be the right choice - Atleast it wasnt for me. I decided to return the phone to Amazon for a full refund.

I bought my N97 from Amazon in July, but since day one it shuts down on me at least once a day. This is really annoying specially when it does not turn back on immediately. Besides this inconvenience, the N97 is really a great phone with nice features and a much easier to use touchscreen when compared to the Iphone.

its a great cell and the most impresive feature is the camera, wich is great. It could do with a little more processor and internal memory though.

The Nokia N97 is a great phone. However, there are two things that need to be made clear about it:1) It did not start off as a great phone.2) It is not for everyone.I got my N97 in July of 2009 after pre-ordering it from [...]. I have had several S60 Nokia phones in the past that I have absolutely loved (6682, N95, N82, E71) and thought that the N97 would be the ideal phone to marry business and multimedia features as well as touch technology with a full QWERTY keyboard. However, the phone was very buggy and frustrating to use initially. Truth be told, Nokia should have never released the phone with the firmware that it initially did. I would try using the N97, inevitably get too frustrated to continue and just go back to my E71. My plan was to sell it online and wait for something better I liked to come along but I never got around to it. And I'm glad for that. In December 2009, I decided to give the phone another shot so I did a hard reset, installed the most recent firmware...and finally discovered the phone that I had been expecting all along. Great hardware, very good software and the versatility to be able to please a wide range of users. However......this phone is not for everyone. Before its release, Nokia tried to hype it as being an answer to the iPhone. It is certainly not that. The iPhone follows the Apple philosophy of being a product that can be mastered relatively easily. That is a major dividing point between the two devices. I absolutely would not recommend the N97 to someone who is unfamiliar with S60. It would simply be too frustrating for that person to try and learn a new OS, especially since it was never designed to be used with touch. However, for anyone who is familiar with Symbian/S60 and wants a phone that is essentially the mobile version of a Swiss army knife, I would absolutely encourage you to check out the N97. If you were someone who was turned off by the initial bad reviews, just know that they have pretty much all been solved and the phone is now what it was meant to be.

[...]Nokia OS is a joke -- takes 3 steps to answer a call or you may just miss it and disconnect it.More issues1) Cannot access email or even get it set up for a yahoo account2) very limited apps3) phone is a brick. too delicate to even attempt to use if you are active like at the gym but way to clunky to put in a pocket4) Edge is slow as [...] on Tmobile. This may not be the fault of Nokia but my blackberry 8900 flys5) the design is terrible, the keyboard is cheap and hard to use.

I really like my N97 with it's background app capabilities to totally trumps the iPhone. Not to mention basic things like flash on the camera. The camera takes pretty good pictures and video for a phone and the new free voice navigation on Ovi maps is nice.  There's a problem, though - it seems to have a problem with being turned off and on - randomly it will just not turn on until you've either reset it to factory conditions or go through many iterations of trying to get it to turn on (using the different methods suggested in several different forums - definitely not a problem isolated to my own phone.)The Ovi store has a lot of catching up to do with iPhone store, too - but there are a decent number of fun apps (many free).  But you can also run many free Symbian apps and Java apps on it and transfer of data is a breeze (it just looks like a drive to the computer).Some people don't like the resistive touch screen - but I find it just as easy to use as the capacitive on the iPhone.  I just use my fingernails to tap and it works flawlessly.I'm doing comparisons to the iPhone because my husband has one through work and he hates it...

I changed from a blackberry to this phone and definitely prefer it.  It surfs the internet a lot better than the blackberry. With Nokia Messaging I still get my emails real time.  The only downside is that I can't seem to find an app that I like to connect to msn messenger, so I miss the instant messaging.

Hi. I have N97 from 3 months ago.  Very slow, a lot of problems with the applications, in special "phone Application".. freezing many times. Low multitasking performance. Many times I have to take off the battery. The battery life ULTRA LOW.. for example when I used wireless hot spot function, in 45 min it's empty.  If I use the music player and the ear set...  1h:30min..  If I used the speakers... 1h:10min for drain the battery.Finally some months later appears N900. With the promise of solution about that points...  My sense.. I was a RAT LAB..  N97 is a BETA VERSION, VERY EXPENSIVE... of N900.I think is a unfair offering when I pay US$600 for the "last tech" but only some months late appears a "new Model". NOKIA is out of my  options for unfair.

[This is an updated review; some of the issues that existed when the N97 was first released have since been addressed.  Also, I have moved some of the more elaborate details of the original text into a new review ("A Guide") that I created for thewhite version.]Nokia E- and N-series phones have for some years now had, by far, more capabilities than anything else out there - but they have not always been the sexiest or had the widest mass appeal.  Plus, although Nokia sell more smartphones than anyone else worldwide, they have not targeted or marketed the US market very heavily (thanks in part to our combination of non-standard wireless technologies and frequencies, consumers' focus on style over substance, and Nokia's unwillingness to cater to the fairly heavy-handed branding and crippling of functionality demanded by US network providers).Much of that is changing with the N97.  As you can see it definitely has the visual appeal.  Also, its main enhancements over the most recent N-series phones (such as theN95,N96andN85) are user interface centric:>> 640x360 WVGA LCD>> Touch screen>> QWERTY keypad>> Faster CPU (ARM11 at 420 MHz vs. 332/369 MHz in the N95/N85, and two ARM9 cores at 265 MHz in the N96)>> Configurable widgets for the home screenThere are a couple of other improvements as well:>> 32GB of built-in storage, SDHC card slot for up to 32GB more (Nokia always advertise only the tested configuration, 16GB)>> Additional sensors: Magnometer (electronic compass), ProximitySo, yes, Nokia have finally bit the dust and moved onto the post-iPhone touch screen bandwagon.  But whereas Apple borrowed quite a few UI elements from theMotorola Ming, and other manufacturers in turn tried to copy the iPhone look and feel, Nokia has taken a decidely different approach: They have taken most of their new design elements from their ownInternet Tabletsline (e.g. exchangable home screen widgets, keypad layout, etc).  They have also done so while keeping the underlying OS from their previous smartphones, Symbian/S60.I don't care much for this direction.  To this day, I would take theE90any day over the N97, had it been released with support for North American 3G (UMTS) bands.  The E90 does not have a touch screen, but does have a numeric keypad on the outside in addition to the QWERTY inside the shell -- this allows you to "type" with one hand using the native T9 predictive input, and mostly keep your eyes elsewhere while dri... eh... walking.As it is, Nokia ended up with touch screen phones (starting with the 5800 XpressMusic) kicking and screaming - it kindof shows.  The user interaction paradigm is a little odd at times -- probably mostly due to the S60 legacy. [Lipstick/pig joke deliberately omitted here]. For instance:>> You need to double-tap on icons (once to select, once to open)>> They still retain "soft keys" on the side to access menus an the like (though now they are located on the display itself, and occupying quite a bit of space).  The home (previously "standby") screen has three soft keys; the left and middle are always "Options" and a a dial pad, while the right one is configurable ("Contacts") by default.There are some other usability issues with this phone as well:>> Copy & Paste functionality is a bit more cumbersome.  There are no keypad shortcuts; with the keypad open, cut/copy/paste are only available via the menus!  Moreover, not all text input screens have such a menu available - in which case you need to close they keypad in order to bring up a virtual numeric keypad with a context menu at the top of the screen.  Or, if you use an external Bluetooth keyboard, you can press Ctrl-X/C/V.>> The keypad layout is a little unusual at first.  The navigation keys are on the left (which some gamers like, but I don't).  The space bar is in an odd location on the right.  Mixed alpha/numeric input is cumbersome because the digits 0-9 are "shifted" via a key on the right side of the keyboard, while the standard shift key is on the left.  Plus, in some dialogs you get a helpful numeric keypad on your screen, but it defaults to text input (2=abc, 3=def, etc) rather than give you quicker access to digits! (Why, Nokia?  You already have the keyboard?  What are you thinking?).  That said, the tactile feedback is good, not too "firm" or "clicky", but with a good feedback.>> There is a nice E-mail status widget for the home screen, but you can only have one of these.  If you have multiple e-mail accounts (e.g. for work/home), you can only monitor one of them.  The same goes for some of the other widgets too.>> Direct media controls are gone (the N95/N96/N85 had a dual slider design giving ready access to play/pause/previous/next).  There is a home screen widget available, but it is hardly as convenient (e.g. if you are using an application, typing a mail, etc).Some other limitations that I found so far when compared to their previous N-series phones:>> The amount of available RAM (dynamic memory) available for applications is low (around 55MB, versus about 75MB in the N85/N95).  UPDATE 2009-07-01: This may not be an issue after all. With the latest firmware update from Nokia, the available memory seems to have increased to about 65MB - and in general, the only time I have had a "out of memory" error was while running RoadSync, which explicitly warns that it is not compatible with this phone.>> Adobe Reader is no longer included in the price of the phone. It is still preinstalled, but now only on a trial basis.  If you want to continue using it after some days (about 3 weeks I gather), you need to purchase it - similar to QuickOffice.>> The number of applications available for this phone is somewhat more limited; this is only the second Nokia phone to use the new S60 5th edition user interface w/touch-screen support.  Although most of the older applications will still run on it, there may be some that don't.  Notably, Nokia Internet Radio is not included,  nor is it available for download yet. :(>> Synchronization of phone contacts/events/todos is not yet supported on the Mac, as Nokia have not as of the time of this writing released an iSync plugin for it. (You can still synchronize with Microsoft Exchange, use the built-in "Switch" application to copy contacts from another Nokia phone, or you can transfer contacts as vCards from another phone).>> Getting Bluetooth Stereo Audio (A2DP/AVRCP) to work with your Bluetooth car stereo is hit and miss.  More on my experiences in this regard in the "white" model review.>> The UI is generally a bit "sluggish" - moreso than my previous phone, the Nokia N85, despite a faster processor.  The touch UI probably has a lot to do with this.  (Then again, both the N95 and certainly the N96 did not break any speed records by any stretch of the imagination).All that said, most of these issues are software/firmware related, and will improve over time.  As it is, the N97 is perhaps the most capable phone on the planet today -- a jack of all trades, if you will.  It certainly has improved over previous N-Series phones in a number of ways as well:>> E-mail reading is dramatically improved - especially in clients with HTML support (e.g. System SEVEN). Also, because most of these integrate into the "Messaging" application, messages are listed much more nicely in the mailbox -- the larger screen is used very well here.>> Web browsing - what a pleasure. This was the main attraction of the iPhone - but I think the N97 surpasses it. Kinetic scrolling, variable zoom, and quite a speed improvement.  Of course the previous strengths are there too - the way the "Back" button brings up snapshot views of your previously viewed pages, Flash, etc.>> The phone has quite a "solid" feel to it, without feeling like a tank.To be sure, there are phones out there with better cameras (e.g. Samsung Pixon), more newbie-friendly user interfaces (iPhone), better support for a variety of corporate e-mail standards (Blackberry), and so on - but hardly any that have the combination of all these features in one device.  The closest may be the close cousin Samsung Omnia HD, which:>> runs the same OS, has the same screen resolution and many other features>> has a better camera (yeah "megapixel blur" but also optics), HD video recording>> faster CPU (600 MHz vs 420 MHz)but:>> does not have good support for U.S. 3G frequencies, and>> does not have a keypad (QWERTY or otherwise).These two shortcomings pretty much kills the Omnia HD as an alternative for me.Also, aside from the N85, the N97 is the first Nokia phone to support tri-band UMTS ("worldwide" 3G).  This means that you will get 3G speeds (mostly) where they are available: 850/1900 MHz for AT&T; Wireless and other carriers in the Americas, 2100 MHz elsewhere (including Japan).  That said, for complete worldwide coverage you would need "penta-band" UMTS, with the additional inclusion of 900 MHz for Europe, and 1700 MHz for T-Mobile USA.  No phones currently support all of these bands.  NOTE: There is also a "standard" version of the N97 for international markets, with support for 900/2100 MHz internationally and 1900 MHz for roaming in the Americas.You probably won't see this phone subsidized on contract by a carrier anytime soon.  The primary candidate would be AT&T; - but it looks like they have passed on it (perhaps they don't believe it has mass market appeal).  Then again, if you are looking to get this phone, you are not likely to be the type of person who would accept their lockdowns in the first place.  Look no further than the differences between theunlocked Nokia E71versusAT&T;'s E71xfor a prime example: In AT&T;'s version, various features are disabled (keyboard shortcuts for copy&paste;, the S60 native e-mail reader, network selection), and instead a number of non-removable, non-renamable, non-movable AT&T; specific applications are installed.Another upside of buying an unlocked phone like this is that it may cost you less in the long run.  It seems I'm unable to get actual numbers past Amazon's editors here (see comments) - but if you have a standard SIM from AT&T;, you can plug it into this phone and add a standard "data unlimited" feature.  In contrast, if you get a smartphone on contract from AT&T;, your data plan will be at least twice as expensive - which adds up over the 2-year contract term to cover (at least) the price difference between most of these and the unlocked N97.  Plus, you would of course not need to renew your contract with an unlocked phone like this.  AT&T;'s generally subsidize their phones a couple of hundred bucks versus the unlocked equivalent (except the iPhone, where the subsidy is closer to four hundred, but where the more expensive data plan is mandatory).Finally, if you take your unlocked phone with you abroad, you can walk into a store and get a pre-paid SIM -- that way you local tariffs, rather than pay (outrageous!) roaming fees to AT&T.;Now for a couple of practical aspects and caveats:>> If you are looking for a unique look, go for the white model, not this black one.  Some also think it is better looking.>>If you are going to use the N97 in your car, to play music or for GPS turn-by-turn directions, do yourself a favor and get a cradle/mount for it.  For instance, there is a Brodit cradle (available from ProClipUSA) specifically designed for it; this is one part of a two-part mount, the second part will be specific to your vehicle; you can get one from either ProClipUSA, PanaVise, or Pro-Fit International - they are all compatible.  Or, if you want a universal holder, the Bracketron Grip-IT works nicely for the N97, and can also be put on the same vehicle specific mounts.Finally, if you are looking to get this phone, it is important that you get it for the capabilities, not ease of use.  Like other Symbian/S60 phones, getting used to it takes a little persistence and discovery, but it will grow on you over time as you explore it and learn more about its esoteric features.

After a year of bliss with my iPhone, I decided to see what the competition had been working on to try and catch up.  On paper this phone seems pretty good but the list of dissappointments is a mile long.The overall feel is delicate and cheap.  The flip up screen is poorly angled (too steep).The menu lists are excessively long and not the least bit intuitive.  This phone can do a lot of things most people will NEVER use and none of them are easy.  And to access all those fancy features, you need to navigate this Ovi website and software which I found hopelessly complicated and not really that powerful.The user manual is nice and brief but does not cover everything you need to get the phone online and using the music, voicemail (not mentioned anywhere!), text messaging, maps etc.  It says all this should be done from the Ovi web site but after hours of trying I only managed to get my email linked up and get some music on the phone.  There is no 'airplane mode" that I could find.  Big minus for me.  Even switching the ringer/sound off requires 2-3 steps.The touch screen is really primitive compared to the iphone and while the iphone screen can be too touchy sometimes, this one is just slow and unrefined for a $600 phone.I used my ATT SIM card and got phone service without any problems however. And the 16GB SD card worked without issue.  The size and weight of this phone are good but for a couple ounces I will trade back to Apple.This phone  IS NOT  a replacement for an iPhone.  If you love Apple's ease of use, common sense functions and overall high quality of finish, do not by the Nokia.  They are not even in the same league.

I have owned a n95, n96 and just recieved my n97 in the mail today. I was so very excited when it finally arrived. The first thing that I noticed was the back piece that holds the battery in and how poorly made it is. If you attempt to put this difficult piece on the little clips will bend to a point you have to use a pair of plyers to unbend it. I was starting to get a little nervous.After an hour of activation my phone officially "bricked". The unlock button would not work, no matter if I took the battery out, it didn't matter. I was totally screwed. I googled it online and apparently a lot of people are having this issue, the worst part is you can't connect it to your computer because your computer won't recognize it. So you are literally screwed. Nokia's only response is to send it in for repairs.I have always loved Nokia's phones but after this phone I will never buy a Nokia phone again. $700 for a paper weight. If you don't believe me about all of these problems just google it. It's literally 50/50 if you will get a good one or not, and for $700 that is completely unacceptable. I feel like I've paid that much to be a beta tester.Not acceptable.

I sent three of these things back due to defects.I have been the proud owner of an e71, N95, N95 8gb and not so proud owner four N97s.The phone has giving me nothing but problems from memory loss to software bugs(that have mostly been cured by the resent firmware updates).I really like Nokia but this phone is  just not worth the headache for example my current n97 is in repair with Nokia due to screen issues, the endless problems have been overwhelming, i am back to using my e71 and that phone just works the N97 doesn't.I have pre orded an n900, i am hoping that with the new operating system things get better and the n900 turns out to be the device i was originally looking for. If this is not the case i will have to move my smart phone allegiance elsewhere.

El tel&eacute;fono es medio porque algunas veces es muy lento pero si eliminamos ese detallon con la instalaci&oacute;n de programas hace un excelente tel&eacute;fono celular o smartphone

I was looking to switch from my Blackberry to another Smart phone that I thought could handle my daily requirements (I'm what you would call a power user). I paid almost $600.00 for the phone and consequently had high expectations. I had the phone for one day and realized at the end of the day this definitely wasn't the phone for me. The software was very unstable and if you haven't used the Symbian Interface before, it is not as intuitive as other smart phones. I'm not exagerrating when I say the phone for whatever reason froze up while being used at least 3 times an hour. I would have to remove the battery and put it back in to get the phone working again and this was the ultimate deal breaker. The fact that I couldn't browse the internet or perform basic functions on such an expensive smartphone convinced me to return the phone the very same day. Amazon.com offered spectacular customer service and I was immediately given a refund. Hope other buyers have a better experience than I did but for me, I'm back to my Blackberry Bold 9000 and waiting for the Blackberry Bold 9700 to go on sale at Amazon.com...

I've been n95 user for more than one year, experiencing  a lot of frustrations in terms of interaction (lack of touch screen, keyboard, speed). Now with my new N97 I feel much more comfortable, navigating in the web, working documents, mails, messages. For videos and photos N97 is as good as N95 (very good), except for the len cover in the N97, that eliminates my worries about damages in it. GPS features are identical in both machines, but I perceived better results in my N97 I guess because of the processor speed (loading maps, etc).In terms of storage capacity, 8GB of the N95 was enough for me, but 32GB in the N97 is even better.Finally, I've read some articles related to the dilemma in the market of touch-screen only vs touchscreen+keyboard in smart phones. After one month with my N97, I bet for the second model.

My wife has owned this phone for Since August 2009 and she is still amazingly frustrated with this phone.I wanted to gift my wife a touch phone something like a Iphone. But 30 Dollar per month data plan was too much hence I decided to go for the N97. Nokia got a great reputation for simpler phones but I think developing a touch phone is asking too much from them.I paid around 450 on Dell for this phone and this is probably the only purchase which I still regret. I would not discuss the technical aspects as me and my wife both are not that tech savy. However the negatives are as below:1. Very poor receptions. I don't know why the phone keeps dropping the calls where as mine which is an old Ericsson works perfectly fine. I know AT&T; has got some issues here in bay area but still I know my phone works perfect but my wife keeps running from corner to corner to make sure that she completes her call in one go.2. Touch screen is useless. It hangs so frequently that I think they sold us a beta version.3. Battery life is so poor that it even does not require a comment.4. Web-surfing is nightmare. She use it only when we are on road and need to find something. It takes a lot of time but atleast we are able to get something. But it has nowhere a near experience like iphone. I checked some phones of my friends and now owns an IPAD and I find that user experience and interface is amazing in Iphone.5. Not a single great application.I was surprised to find so many positive update on this phone. I think folks sitting in Nokia are manipulating this. I would recommend only one thing...never pay for a touch phone to Nokia...they are selling just the crap.

The N97 is a good device but not great...It includes all these great features and while the device is not great in any one of those features, it does all the features well enough....kinda like how a swiss army knife behaves. If you are looking for an all-around device. This may be it.A couple things to consider before buying the device:1. The touchscreen uses resistive technology and not capacitive technology (like the iPhone). As far as resistive touchscreens go, the touchscreen is as responsive as a resistive touchscreen can get. The key is to use the tip of your finger for best response and not the bottom flesh of your finger (resistive toucscreen responds to pressure and not static electricity like capacitive).2. I also recommend going to [...] to have the nokia messaging client installed. It is far better than the built-in default client.3. Right now because the product is quite new, there are a few bugs. Nokia is excellent at product and software support, and just like most of their phones, the stability and performance of the N97 will be very good after a couple of firmware updates. You just have to patiently wait for that to happen (this is the price of buying a product as an early adapter).4. The keyboard is okay. It's not the best keyboard out there and there isn't a lot of tactile feedback. However, its still a lot better than having only a virtual keyboard on touchschreens like the iphone. After a couple of days, I was typing quite fast on it.

I've now used my N97 for 2.5 months or so. Even though the device has already lived through two important firmware updates, it has still got some major bugs and inconsistencies in usability, stability and performance. Even after the updates, I'm surprised how badly and half-way the software is developed and designed, and how this ultimately cracks all the promising value from many intendedly great features that cannot be found anywhere else in a single unit.Before buying my N97, I had an iPhone for two weeks. I returned it because of some major feature limitations, including the lack of multitasking & file system, among others. I loved iPhone's user interface and the "it-just-works" fluency in most dimensions. Now I regret my decision.So what's wrong with the N97 concretely? First, for a great user experience, fluent and reliable operation is an imperative. The N97 doesn't have this and probably never will - even after several firmware updates. The phone is incredibly slow, especially when multiple apps are open. Some apps are just slow regardless of how many apps you have open, including the camera as well as active notes. This majorly distracts the use of the device and usually generates frustration. Many of the applications are also prone to jamming. This requires constant restarting of the device -- which is slow and consumers the battery considerably. Perhaps related, the memory needed for applications to run is incredibly small. Often you have to close programs before doing something.Second, several services that many use frequently, such as Skype, Gmail, Facebook, YouTube, PDF reader, have either badly designed apps for N97, or no apps at all (e.g. YouTube, Skype). Comparing to my iPhone experince, there is generally a night-and-day difference. Third, there's a number of rather stupid usability design flaws such as: music doesn't stop after unplugging earphones but instead activates speakers (I've had several humiliating experiences with this); menu structures of most apps are overly complicated; different sets of special characters are available through keyboard vs. on-screen keypad (sometimes you have to switch to the other to get them); cannot adjust wakeup beep volume, cannot change to any international language (like iPhone), and many others. Small things, but add to a larger reservoir of dysfunctionality.Fourth, even though the physical and technical features of the device have been praised, they're not without problems either: camera cover scratches the lens, camera flash distorts the picture on other side because it's too close to the lens; GPS is incredibly inaccurate and slow in updating the location -- much more so than in earlier Nokia phones I've had; the quality of voice is very bad -- many of my friends keep constantly complaining about the quality of voice calls from me; the battery life is poor -- in normal use I have to charge every night, sometimes even more often; there's difficulties in connecting via USB to Ovi Player on PC (phone not recognized by the PC software).To sum up, in everyday use the Nokia N97 involves a lot of waiting, restarting both apps and the phone, charging, solving all kinds of problems, as well as unintuitive and missing functionalities. It's not fluent. Rather, it's frustrating.So is there anything good? Yes, there are a number of - intendedly, at least - great features. Cameara with excellent 5 megapixel accuracy, lots of mass memory (though not for running apps), multitasking, the widget-based home screen, coverage of all thinkable network technology, gps and maps with navigation, music store & manager, FM transmitter, software market, etc. Precisely because of these intendedly great features I'm giving two stars instead of just one. However, all these potentially great features are now suppressed under the major design flaws in and half-way developed user interface and software.With this product, Nokia may be able to generate some sales with a relatively high price. But the price is not based on the value of the product. Rather, it is based on Nokia's brand as the largest and most innovative mobile phone manufacturer. However in the long run, if the products are not able to match the brand promise.. Well, I'd not buy Nokia's stock.

Great phone performance. It features almost anything u want to do with a phone. It looks very good, nice and sober.  Have drop it a couple of times without any consecuence. The only flaw i notice is the phone thickness but its understandable because of the qwerty keyboard in it. Overall great phone

Coming back from iPhone and Palm and HTC i thought this N97 would be a breath in the fresh air. TO begin with the OS Symbian is aged. Man they really should have worked hard if they want to compete with the smoothness and sleekness of iPhone. Phone gets slower by the day.More apps you put on it it becomes more slower to use. Dialing is really confusing.The Menu button beside dial button is asking for trouble. While you are in a hurry you would press the menu button mistakenly for sure.To find a contact takes ages. It does not have smooth scrolling like iPhone so you have to type on the keyboard to find the contact.And it keeps on asking for data connection. If you dont have data package this will make you crazy. Even if you have wifi every time it goes online asks for access point. Real bummer.By the way the silver metallic finish on the edge of the keyboard got bad paint job. It comes off after a month of use. I mean come on the $1000 dollar phone should have had better build quality!The only thing attracted me about this phone was physical keyboard. Which I now only use for SMS as the email software built in to the phone is totally useless. The best email client is on iPhone no question about it.Anyway 2 cents.

i've had my n97 for a week now and i LOVE it!!! the only problem i had with it was the backlight wouldnt turn on sometimes but last night i updatedthe firmware and it went away...so now, my n97 is PERFECT...IPHONES are sooooo overrated!!!

This product was delivered on time in "mint" condition. Packaging was excellent. I ordered two these phones because I love it so much

Do not buy from shopbest.com, their return policy is not good. they gave 3 days for return from day when items received.This is a very smart way of not accepting return. N97 package was already opened. They send used n97,that they claim is new. This is why their return policy is 3 days, so that you wiil not be able to return the used phone they claimed new

I just got my N97 phone few days ago and I'm already enjoying the everything about the phone. Its fast, it responds very well to touch. One of the great thing about the phone is the double clicking. It means you can open/select what you really wish to open instead of mistaken opening something else because you touched the wrong part of the screen.Well, with the problems all other people are having with the phone, my advice for people buying this is that:As soon as you buy the phone, before you install, copy or enter any contacts, calender or even do anything. Just put your SIM card in the phone and go to the Nokia PC Suite to upgrade to the latest firmware. That was exactly what I did and its working great.

Cannot get GPS to work other then that the phone works fine. Also trying to download some apps failed.

I made a lot of research before ordering this phone. Saw all the pros and against in many sites and based my decision upon them since I didn't know anybody who had it. I was willing to spend some money so I tried to choose carefully. My main driven was the physical qwerty keypad, updated technologies and the large screen. The N97 fulfilled them (except for the size of the letters in the keypad where Nokia did it again - TOO SMALL for people above the 40!). It's nicely built, very powerful and rich in specifications so I guess it covers almost every possible need with its 3G, GPS, bluetooth, WiFi, qwerty keyboard, touchscreen, SD slot, excellent camera, etc but I am afraid I (or it) was not prepared to deal with too many technologies put together. The system is not fast enough to manage them all and probably because of my anxiety it had actually frozen and had to be restarted twice in one week using it. I also fail to recognize the logic behind the menu tree, probably my fault as well.I still have a lot to learn and explore, since, as I said, it's a very resourceful machine. So, while I do not intend to give up, I am a bit disappointed with the so waited phone but, having experienced the only competitor for most of my needs, the Iphone, and being unable to deal with its touchscreen keypad, bottom line, it is still the best choice for me so far.

Bought this phone in September. Really frustrating phone.Complaints:-- Processor is not good enough to handle phone's own applications -- phone freezes all the time...-- ... In order to reboot it you need to pull out the battery...-- ... And than wait for a long time for it to load...-- ... Which doesn't happen all the time so every now and then you have to remove the battery and restart it again-- Its happening now AFTER I upgraded software, before it was an even bigger nightmare-- Applications are scarce and of much lower quality than iphone apps-- constant "not enough memory" error messages. Come on --  the phone has a ton of memory -- its just that N97 OS doesn;t know how to use it. My overall experience is like i'm running windows95 on this phone...Bottom line --> if that was a car and Nokia was a responsible company they would have recalled the phone. It's really not a good finished product ...

This is Amazing Phone. But you must keep firmware uptaded!Theres some uptades avaiables. It's very important! and It's very easy!

I was a rabid Nokia bigot for over a decade. I wanted a Nokia smartphone so badly that I couldn't wait for the n900. However this will be my last Nokia product. Best said on the forums "$700 and you too can become a beta tester for Nokia."I spent a month trying to workaround all the bugs and kinks. The second firmware upgrade did help in that the charger stopped draining the battery and crashes were much more rare.  I never got the hang of answering the phone and touching the device without setting off the camera proved imposable.  Then the screen broke at day 31. Nokias support has taken a nose dive and told me it would be a month to check it out. However I found a workaround with recalibrating the screen.Sick of the bugs I gave it away to someone who's HTC phone broke. His opinion toned down my hatred of this phone saying it's a great phone for free but paying for the phone makes the quality unacceptable.Pros.-With the warranty GPS upgrade OVI maps 3.0 is fantastic. It stores locally and replaces the need for a Garmin when on buiness trips.- With the warranty lens cover upgrade the camera takes pictures beyond any other phone.-  If you delete all the stock apps and reinstall on the 32 gig phone area the multi tasking is flawless beating all other phones hands down.- Once you figure out how to configure the setting the applications are very professional and reliable.- Battery life is vastly superior to other smart phones but not what one has grow accustom to in Nokia.Cons- Quality control has taken a nose dive.  It is only beta at best.- Customer support is useless and on the att bad level- Need to sent the phone to Nokia for upgrades.- No t-mobile 3G support- The notifications are too common and awkward ie loud painful beep in your ear telling you the data is not active when dialing on a GSM based network.-  Answering is a nightmare.  There is a magic combo of lock keys sliding arrows and button presses. I never answer on time.- They throw the camera in your face it is very annoying to always press away from the video call option.- Lots of dead batteries with pictures of you answering the phone and inside of your pocket- There is a wide array of activities that stop the charging process.- poor touch screen response- None standard USB cable-n900 is much better.

After using nokia for 10 years with almost all models now i decide to switch to iphone after trying this n97 low quality battery compartment the battery is  not enough to use it for 1 day  you need an extra software to manage the battery just to be able to talk for 1 day the handsfree is terrible everyone is complaining that they are not able to hear you and no way to compare with the touch screen quality between n97 and iphone so pls try it before buying this  very bad mobile phone

"I received a pre-release Nokia N97 from Nokia SA yesterday to take a look at and test for a couple weeks. The version I received is not the same version that will be shipped but it is probably pretty close. In a sense this is a release candidate so there is still a chance the software may be a little buggy and the phone isn't really supported by 3rd party providers. I've noticed a couple quirks which will probably be resolved by the time the phones ship (I understand that the devices will start shipping internationally in a matter of weeks although Nokia can't confirm any details at this point)." share your views with me at [...] it's a site for N97 users.  see ya

thank ye for reading my reviewI don't know where to start. Being a cell phone user for more than a decade, I have never encountered so many problems with a phone, besides NOkia flagship phone, the N97.I purchased the phone in June of `09. The phone performed exceptionally. I tried to avail features the N97 offered and it did everything it promised to. But within less than a month, it started exhibiting many flaws. The first were the freezes. It used to stop at any point of time, even hanging up in the middle of calls, with a fully charged battery. Out of the 32 GB of ROM memory provided, I only used two gigabytes of it for music and some for photographs and videos as I didn't want to slow the phone down, to the point, where I used my own MMC (8GB) so the phone's memory stayed as unused as possible giving me a faster performance.  But the MMC only worked sometimes and sometimes it just didn't even function, as in not being read by the phone's software. I know it was supposed to work as it functioned in the past. So that was the point of my first compromise.  I STOPPED USING MUSIC, VIDEO AND OTHER MEDIA APPLICATIONS just so my phone didn't hang up on crucial moments.Later in October, the camera's receptivity upon initiating the software was around 1 photo in 3 minutes; it just used to stay stuck. That was my second compromise - no photos. After that came a period of a month when my phone's telephony features or talking just in normal was hampered. I suspected it was my phone network of AT&T;'s fault but there are more than six people living with me whose network signal or cellular reception wasn't distressed like mine.  I called a customer service representative of NOKIA and she told me it was my cellular carrier's fault. I complied with her and used another SIM for sometime and the reception was same (terrible).Seeing all these problems, I updated my phone regularly in hopes of a new software that would prove my investment to not be a failure, but to no avail, the phone returned to its DUMB shenanigans every time.  I even restored the phone to its factory settings more than five times thinking that might help, but it retained its good old level of endless stagnancy.  The Internet never works for more than ten minutes; the phone freezes after ten minutes of Internet usage. The battery gets drained in less than 2 days of usage where many internet websites claim the phones' power stats to be this -: Stand-by Up to 432 h (2G) / 408 h (3G), Talk time Up to 9 h 30 min (2G) / Up to 6 h (3G) and Music play Up to 40 h. I understand this is for when there is minimum consumption in computing power, but I have never used more than 3 applications at the same time, my display has always been on the lowest possible power usage and I have never used 3g on the phone. Sometimes the touch screen doesn't even respond properly. On the main user screen, trying to get to open the clock application or the dialing pad takes more than a minute (60 seconds).3 weeks ago my lock key on the left side of the phone fell down-: Randomly. I used it to unlock the phone and it just came off. And since then I've had to slide the keyboard down all the time I need to use the phone.I just don't understand how this is happening the most qualified Nokia phone.  I would agree to the statement "Nokia redefines the word "Smart phone"", you know in what context I'm talking about.  I just feel robbed of 700$. And I hope I don't feel this way after you have found a solution for my problems.

Okay i'm not going to be like the other who is going to write about so much details that it will not affect us, i will try to talk from user point of view:Good:1- FM radio, transmit MP3 songs to your car radio ( i love it)2- 48 GB memory capacity so good3- Video Streaming from Device to TV and the other way around (Excellent feature)4- Camera quality is good (Not the best but better then many mobile cameras)5- Front screen template you can organize it the way you want making it so easy to dial, check your email, face book or any other application with just one touch, (Can never be better)6- very easy to be used7- Processor speed, way better then any other phone especially Iphone 3G, this mobile 5 times faster then Iphone especially when you are trying to access sms masseges and other application, iphone really slow this phone is way betterNeutral:Scrolling is not at all competitive to Iphone, it's better then the previous nokia version 5800Bad:Battery: Same battery used on Nokia 71, its good but not good enough to support such mobile with FM transmiter, Blutooth, 3G, WIF etc, you need to charge the phone once a day at least if not more, depending on your usage for the phone and application.The biggest disappointment is the application, this phone comes with no business applications:A- Adobe reader, trial 15 daysB- Office, trial 15 daysC- Internet Radio - Not compatibleD- Same boring softwares and applications that we used to download for the past 10 years is still repeating it self in more boring waysE- Exchange, is still very basic version, ASCI code reading and does not support HTML, making the Exchange emails and other POP3 etc so ugly experience and basic comparing to Iphone.When i have purchased this device i have concluded that it's not good enought to be my business phone, i concluded that this device complete the problems of the Iphone and i have to buy both to have proper solution.Now i'm moving with 2 phones Iphone 3gs 32GB and Nokia 97, which it's really disappointing from my point of view.Nokia N97 mistake is the limited applications available for it, i wish that nokia can really improve it by adding free of charge upgrades for the following:1- HTML format email reading, exchange2- Office3- Adobe4- FlashReal player should support more video codecs MKV, H.264Regards,

I just received my N97.  Upgraded from my E71 which I got at Christmas time.  I have been playing with my N97 all day.  I am really enjoying it.  It has tremendous features and many options I am still learning.  My kids have had I Phones since they came out.  I was never interested in Apple's product.  I resisted a slider for a long time.  I did enjoy my E71 but always wanted a bit more.  I will write more after a few weeks but my initial reaction is GREAT PHONE!

I loved this phone.. I bought it for my sister and she too loved it. It has all the latest features that any mobile should have and it closely resembels iphone in functionality. No doubt it is not as complete as iphone but yes it has that style and looks that could make it more popular.The price was excellent, amozon is the best.. It was cheaper here that if we bought it in India. So it was worth a buy!

phone look good but its a copy cat of Nokia N97 not the real thing , signal on this phone  is very bad , its a waste of time and money to buy this phone , if phone is not the real Nokia N97 don't buy because it trash !

I have owned the n95 for a few years and it's the best phone/camera/phone hybrid ever-a bit buggy but OK-the N97 is a great improvement-I also have an iphone. The n97 must be the king of all phones-how can you get GPS, high quality camera and video in one device-a mini computer minus Microsoft? I tested both the camera and video on the n97 and is much better than the n95-close to a HD camera-and then you get the touch screen as a plus.

If you are thinking about using the N97's built-in WiFi for net access through a corporate or university network, you might want to check if your company or university uses EAP-TTLS/PAP for WiFi authentication/security.  If they do, there's a good chance this and other Nokia phones won't work with it.  Despite three years of protests on Nokia's corporate website and online petitions, Nokia has failed to add support for this common security to their smartphones.  Google EAP-TTLS PAP for more info.

Amazing piece of hardware. Fast, reliable, has all the basic application I would like it to have. Great camera, nice touchscreen, the keyboard helps a lot. The only thing I miss are better PIM tools. When registering a new contact, it is not easy to access address data as well. As a rule of thumb, it's to-do and memo notes are less intuitive than Palm applications. Aside form that, again a magnificent piece of hardware.

Nokia N97 Unlocked Phone, Touchscreen, 3G, 5 MP Camera, A-GPS, 32 GB, MicroSD Slot, and Integrated Ovi Applications--U.S. Version with Warranty (Black)
