
The price is very high for this old model. This is model is stopped long back and i was expecting to give in lower cost.

I bought this phone from Amazon. Shipped from OEM Shop. Surprised to see just phone and charger in package..there is no manual,no usb cable, no head phones. its a very bad deal. I prefer to have my money back

I bought this for my husband and he loves it which is why I put a 5... But personally I don't like it. I prefer the curve but there is nothing wrong with the phone. It's a little slow, but it works perfectly.

i had this phone a little over a month and it refuses to charge via the wall charger provided... i can only charge it on the computer or my car charger but not the wall charger...i will contact the seller to see how they would rectify my issue...

Hard to believe what this great little device can do.Its best feature the suretype shared feature.It just can go wrong.I can close my eyes and type an email or sms.On top of that the usual blackberry stuff is goos and the phone very easy to handle and carry.The flip is a bonus.

I was very excited to receive this phone. I charged it, put in my SIM card, and began to look through its functions during which it promptly shut down. I rebooted it, tried to make a call, it promptly shut down. I tried updating the OS, it shut down. I've read good reviews on this phone and bad ones. So I'm assuming I was one of the unlucky ones that got a bad phone. I've ordered a replacement so...fingers crossed!

This product is definitely a stylistic throwback but I need a BB for my office email and I want/need a telephone that actually works (unlike the Curve, Bold and every other BB device I've ever tried).  This product has been the best solution for years and I have an IPhone5 for web surfing and the like.  The only issue is that most are refurbished -- this one was not -- so be careful in that regard.

GREAT PHONE IT CAME ON ORIGINAL BOX!I TRY IT  FOR THE FIRST TIME WITH SIM CARD AND WORKED GREATGREAT BUY AT AMAZON.COM

This was supposed to be an unlocked GSM phone compatible with AT&T. Even AT&T said it should work but finally about about 45 minutes decided that it must not be unlocked. It was a toatal waste of time although Amazon is very good about returns and even refunded my shipping.

New and clean and what new york film academy asks for and how is life doing great everyone see you soon and its not updated but its ok i need to find someone to work it out

Initially I was looking to buy a smartphone from cellphone service providers. Now a days pretty much of them are making dataplan as mandatory. Then I found this unlocked phone in Amazon, price seems to be acceptable compared of other websites. I never had problem with any of the Amazon site products. So I ordered one.BBPearl is very stylish phone, has all the necessary features, I liked the keypad size, feature to connect Wifi and display. It requires extra care since even small scratch will spoil the look of it. Especially if you are person like me who doesn't like wrapping cell phone with protection covers.When I received the package, cell phone package was littlebit dusty but inside all the items were wrapped in covers, everything was clean and working fine. Note that phone has a cellphone service provider logo on it and also hands free ear buds are bigger is size.

Excellent phone problem was the battery that came damaged not loading, supports one day otherwise everything

I really like this phone.  I bought it because I had work in South Africa for 3 months and needed something that I could put a local sim card in.  I like this phone so much that I think I will keep it and use it when I get back to the States.-Calls are both reliable and clear which I think is the most important thing(it is a phone first after all)-The keyboard takes some getting used to but I think I now prefer it to either a qwerty(takes up too much space w/ too small of buttons for fingers like mine), a touch screen(same finger problem) or a regular keypad.  I don't have excessively large hands but I def do have "man" hands so I find many things are not built with me in mind.  If this is not your case then you can disregard this part but I find that many of the men I work with and my friends tend to have similar issues.-I didn't really want a flip phone either but now that I have one I am becoming a fan(no pocket dialing or key locking etc.)-Battery life is good.  I turned on the music player and left it on speaker to see how long it would take to drain the thing and after 4 hrs and less than half the battery gone gave up.-Camera isn't that great but is more than adequate for a phone like this.-I like that I can turn off data services and keep wi-fi on so that I don't get clipped in the US for a blackberry plan and can still use data from wi-fi(obviously not as great if you don't have regular wi-fi spots but if data is that important to you then you can always purchase the plan)-The screen isn't that big(it is more than adequate though)  It is bright and crisp-Interface is good and I like having a smaller phone with the blackberry ball-Music production quality is really good and doesn't drain the battery(see above) plus the ability to expand the memory is nice.-Basic memory included is really not adequate if you are going to actually use this as a blackberry or music phone but I picked up a microSD 4gb for less than $10 and am so far happy so plan on buying a card-Phone seems pretty durable but I haven't had it that long so I will update this as I go-I have read some reviews about the phone being to slow or not working etc. I think this is prob a hardware issue that would be covered as long as you buy one with a warranty.  I think it is also the effect of the 1 in 1000 customers who get a bad phone to be unhappy enough to write a review while 999 ppl who are content won't.-This is NOT a smartphone but it does do what you need it too.  Personally I don't want a phone that is too big just so I can do inadequate work on it.  I can do the basics of what I need to while on the go and if I need to do something serious I will sit down and pull out my laptop.  That is my preference though.All in all a great phone for a reasonable price.  I would highly recommend it to anyone either traveling or just looking for an unlocked phone in the U.S.

Different from original phone. Made in Mexico. It was not mentioned on web site. Cheap plastic. Sent back the same day. Do not recommend anybody.

I was glad to find it, it is the only phone my father likes and when he lost his previous one, he was very upset.

The battery life is less than desirable, having to recharge in less than a day.  The user interface is a little OK.  However, the operating system locks up sometimes.

I've been through quite a few Blackberries in my time.  I love their functionality, innovation in keyboards, and their operating systems.  This is just another example of the fine craftwork RIM has put out.  Don't be fooled by its clamshell appearance.  This phone comes packed with neat options tailored specifically for its design.  All in all, if you're looking for a smart phone at an affordable price, look no further.

I bought this phone used and it has been my favorite cellphone.  However, it is a dated phone and can't do a couple of things I need.It is hard to find a flip phone that does wi-fi.  The Blackberry Pearl remains one of the few flip phones that does wi-fi.  Another feature I love about this phone is that you can make the font extra large and see what you are doing better.  Another nice feature is the analog clock and notifications on the external face.  It also has speakerphone and voice calling.However, the phone only does email thru the Blackberry service.  A second problem is with this model there is no Skype software available.  Therefore, the phone is rather dated for today's needs.  But if you don't do Skype or email on your cellphone, then it is a good choice.  There is Gmail program you can download that will at least get your Gmail.

Everything was fine, except that I did not get a headset or usb cable.  Also, there were some slight scratches on the inside flip of the phone.

Im from Venezuela and last week I bought 2 blackberry flip here and today I got them and both said in the back "remanufactured phone" and the saller said that they were brand new! WTF

Phone is great and looks nice , but I cannot use it on my Sprint service carrier. I would like to return it, have no use for the phone at this time.

La entrega fue rapida y los articulos de buena calidad, a pesar que uno de los tres telefonos que compre me llego bloqueado y nunca obtuve respuesta por parte del vendedor,  yo corri con los gastos de desbloqueo. Tener cuidado en ese aspecto.

I bought this as my first ........and only blackberry, and I had problems from the start to the finish, i thought I was bad lucky to get a bad one, only to realise that everyone I know with the same model had the very same problems. Not a good buy at all!!!!

My mom enjoyed it well. She is familiar with using flip phones and this one was indeed remarkable to her.

The phone works well, i bought it for my wife and she loved it from the moment she saw it, so am quite pleased with the product.

The equipment I arrive in perfect conditions and in the time established including all accessories, I am very to pleasure

to make the purchase, there were delays in delivery. the seller is irresponsible not to send the invoice with the team. more disappointment when I opened the package and:1. IT'S NOT A ORIGINAL BOX OF BLACKBERRY.. IS A COPY BOX2. THE EQUIPMENT IS REMANUFACTURED, IN THE PUBLICATION INDICATES THAT IS NEW3. THE PHONE SOFTWARE IS OLD.THE OEM SHOP IS A SIMPLIFY A LIE

I'm really satisfied with this bb flip sold by Amazon.I received a totally new phone.It was delivered on time.The physical conditions of the phone were perfect.the software was not updated,but it was ok..I didn't have any problem with the blackberry plan data.Everything in this phone is running great.the other elements  such as battery,headset and charger are working good...overall..I'm really happy with this purchase.

I have been using my blackberry for a few weeks now and I do love it, just a couple of things though, the back door would not stay on so I took a decal that I had bought and covered it and that works. Another thing is when I am using the Internet it has gotten hung up a couple of times and would not do anything not even shut down, so I had to take out the battery and that did the trick, I just don't use the Internet on it like I would like to. But as far as making and receiving calls and sending and receiving sms messages it works great.

he phone has good features.Your keyboard wider than the other models of the same brand and double-sided screen, is well practiced.With the phone, I included a leather case blackberry black and brown.I am satisfied with the purchase you make.

This flip has all the features of the larger phones, unfortunately the phone delivered to me does not make outgoing calls.  I took the phone to my service provider, they replaced sim card, this didn't help.My second defective online purchase of a Blackberry phone.

The OEM Shop is missleading customers by declaring this article new when in fact is a remanufactured product. I've been using this cel phone since the december 20th and from the very begining is has been slower than the BB pearl 8100 I used to have, even though this one is supposed to be a better phone. Today I decided to write this review because finally I realized that is a very bad phone. Since january 17th is having trouble, it started to "think" showing a clock on the screen and it just stays that way for hours (like a not responding PC)and is happening more often ever since. I take the battery off and then restart it but it just doesn't work. Today I had to try reinstalling the software and all, so lets see how it goes, but for time being I'm not satisfied with this product.

Should have read reviews! This piece of junk had the bluetooth quit after 3 months, started dropping calls after 5 months, now its 9 months old and battery wont stay charged for more than 9 or 10 hours. I have had to go phones better than this! It also takes crappy pictures.Take my advise and try anything eles cuz this was money wasted!!!PS If I could leave less than 1 star I would.

buenas tardes, todo excelente, buen producto. buena calidad,gracias por el envio ha sido excelente y confiable. volveria a comprar con ustedes.

This was the worst thing ever!The phone had a really old software and it did not work after a month...

Ive been usuing this phone for years now. everytime I break one, I order another. I know its not as fast, or advanced as many other phones out there. But it does what I need it to do, and Im famillar with its operation. For me, the best part is that it is a Qwerty that can be easily used with one hand and one thumb. And as "old school" as it seems to some people... I like that it is a flip.Im happy with the phone and the transaction.

Background: If you do your research on this phone (and other BlackBerry's) you will note that many people talk about the bugs/problems, etc. Many of these complaints are hardware based (bad chips, etc) NOT software based (although it may seem so).Make sure that if you buy it, you can return it (if bad) with no hassles/restocking fees (example: Amazon and sold by Amazon).Condition: Mines was like new (with covered screens), original box, USB cable, power cable, original CD (there's an update online), headset and small instruction booklet (does not look original). Mines had no software/hardware issues (no rebooting, no Bluetooth issues, no slowdowns, etc).The advantages in general of the blackberry's are the great screen (geared for text readers) and the keyboard.The bad is the Blackberry "WiFi situation": they want you to buy the "blackberry internet plan" which is a hookup with your cell phone provider. Cell phone providers will have different names for this plan but note that it will cost you in the US around $15-$20. If you have a prepaid plan they will tell you the plan is not available (unless you have a monthly plan). I don't recommend this plan (if you can get it) because I consider it a ripoff. That will probably be the biggest issue with this phone (and all blackberry's).The workaround: If you want to use Wi-Fi they will use a combination of WiFi and GPRS/EDGE. For example when you try to use the BlackBerry GMail app from Google you will be able to install it halfway but when it tries to connect it will tell you, you need a connection. If you disable your data connection (GPRS/EDGE) you will get the same result and so on and so forth with different applications.To get around this BlackBerry Wi-Fi situation you have to get applications that are not exactly BlueBerry approved (and you will probably not see in their new store) that allow you to use Wi-Fi ONLY and not a combination Wi-Fi/GRPS/EDGE (again they use EDGE/GPRS to check if you have the BlackBerry Plan if you don't they don't give you access). For example for GMail I use LogicMail (uses Wi-Fi only), UberTwitter, Opera Mini, Yahoo Mail (you have to use their website) with the Opera Mini browser because you won't be able to use it with the BlackBerry browser (these are the only ones I found that I installed).Final review: Great phone, almost perfect form factor and screen (recommended 7 point font), almost perfect for SMS/MMS/emailing. Wi-Fi, Keyboard is better than a standard number keyboard but NOT better than a full keyboard (of course). If you can deal with the Wi-Fi issue (and sub par and very limited apps compared to the IPhone or even Windows Mobile phone) then this is a GREAT phone!

I love this phone and its functions.  The main drawback to this phone is he or she must recharge it for two hours daily.

I got this as an upgrade for my Motorola Razr V3t.  Initially I liked this phone, the UMA (Unlicensed Mobile Access) was a huge win for me, as I have crummy cell coverage at home and at work, but great 802.11b/g/n at both locations.  The predictive text is nice.But after the newness wore off, the more I began hating this phone.  Here's why:1) At least a 2-10 second pause when you're dialing a number before the phone responds, and even then it somehow drops a digit or two.  You're just better off pressing a number, waiting for the phone to think about it, deleting the numbers, and then dial what number you wanted in the first place.2) Battery life is miserable.  The battery on the Razr lasted far longer than this--and it's a shame, especially when you look at the battery sizes.3) Crashes frequently.  It isn't a surprise anymore when I take the phone off the charger in the morning to find that I have to remove the battery and force a full reboot of the phone--and then the 15 minute wait for it to be usable.4) Bluetootha)It died on this phone, and luckily it was under warranty from T-Mobile, so they replaced it--after a bit of fighting with them over it. (Included completely reloading the phone from a base image and so on..)  Apparently it was a known issue by RIM (obvious on their forums), but no real action from them to fix it.b) The amount of time it takes to sync with a paired headset is crazy slow.  No other phone that I have used takes this long to sync with an already paired headset.5) Boot times is crazy... my old 486 PC boots faster than this phone.  And even then it's far more responsive than this phone.6) Web-surfing over wi-fi is slow.  My old Razr did a better job than this, and a web browser on it was an afterthought at best.7) If you are a mac user, the blackberry desktop at least works, and allows you to sync with the address book and iCal, but the Blackberry app world isn't useful from a web browser on your mac.  As all of the downloads require ActiveX.  I sent a complaint to RIM about this and they told me to contact my carrier.  Lovely.So in the end if you get this phone for free, and needed a phone, I suppose it can function for ya.  But at the first chance you get I would give it away.

Cool product. Functional. Slim. Trendy. Wow effect because of the unique flip frame. Definitely a good buy for BB lovers.

Greetings everyone,I ordered this phone because I like flip phones. The item arrived on time but was defective. The battery cover at the back was loose. I sent it back and ordered another one that was defective as well. I just returned it as well and tried ordering another blackberry but amazon told me they do not ship it where I live because of the warranty issues with the seller.

I bought this phone as a gift for someone who hated the smartphones and was a flip-phone fan.  They love the phone and are enjoying all the great apps on it. It looks way better than the picture and takes no time to set up. It's a must-buy for flip-phone fans!

This phone has factory problems, has only 3 month warranty, I bought 2 and only last for 4 month both, I lost my money with this phone, this was my first bb, but with this experiences i use other brands, I hope this will help someone, don't make my mistake!!!

I was pretty excited to get offered this phone for free as a replacement for my Nokia 6086 - we use T-Mobile hotspot@home and needed a phone that would be wi-fi compatible and allow me to continue to use that service. (Actually for a few hours T-Mobile stonewalled and told me that there were no more phones available that could do this. When I threatened to quit, they offered me the Blackberry 8220.)I can safely say that I have never hated a phone so completely and so acutely that it simultaneously made me want to smash it to bits and then shove a knife into my own forehead myself out of utter frustration. I suspect that I could not actually stand on the street and successfully smash it to bits because this phone will generally not let you do anything that you want to do, and its Byzantine menu system would somehow prevent you from doing any of the intended damage whatsoever.Let's say something positive about this phone. The wi-fi works most of the time pretty well. When I get home, it automatically connects me to the wi-fi network so that I can make my calls without them counting against my monthly minute limit. And generally, as a phone and text messaging device, it works.I have nothing else positive to say. I dread picking this piece of crap up every time I need to make a call, because:* The software is incredibly slow and clunky. There is a slight delay when you're punching in numbers to dial (Note: this is geneally understood to be the primary purpose of a phone. Touch tone phones from the 1970s do not have a delay, but you will find this one particularly infuriating.) Every command seems to be beamed off the dark side of the moon before it is executed.* You will never find the setting or icon that you are looking for by logic. There is no logic to when you have a menu, what you can do in that menu, or how to find what you need to do. Try changing your ringtone and you will see how much experience with this piece of junk software that Blackberry has designed to actually get there and do it. It's one of the most basic things that phone users need to do, but they have buried it quite effectively.* The battery life is abysmal. I have taken pretty good care of this battery but if I don't plug it in every night I would have almost no juice left by morning, even if I hardly talk at all during the day and just have it on standby.* There are two options for texting, prediction and double tap. The prediction is so painful to use because you have to switch between keys and the scroll wheel CONSTANTLY that I use double-tapping. Which takes forever to type anything in.* The phone's time will slip behind from real time over the weeks and months. Ask the phone to get the time from the network - it will do it for a while, then start forgetting it again.* I don't use it to access the internet - I did get a free month to do that, and it was very very very slow, even when there was apparently a strong network connection.* The pictures it takes look pretty junky, even on the highest settings.* Making the phone silent takes a few steps, and there is no way to select a custom profile so that, say, it vibrates AND rings for calls, in case you are mowing the lawn or something. You have the menu option there under Advanced to potentially do this, but the phone does not let you.* When you missed a call, there is a little red light that comes on - but just for a while. After that you just glance at the phone to see if you've missed anything - it always shows green, so that you have apparently missing nothing at all. Nice feature. Then when you open the phone, you have to say OK to notifications of a missed call or a voice mail. You say OK, but that does nothing. It is so incredibly annoying to have to say OK every frigging time for no purpose whatsoever. When this happens, I want to take a Philips head screwdriver and hit that OK button on the screen really hard, for once and for all. It will never again ask me if that is "OK." This phone is not "OK."

I am waiting for feedback from my niece to inform you  of how much she love her  BlackBerry flip.This BlackBerry Flip was purchased to use in the Caribbean.

In English And Spanish..... (read English Review below).Ok... Bueno, He adquirido este Blackberry Para uso Personal, la verdad Tenia duda por los otros reviews que La verdad no son tan positivos de los Cuales No estoy deacuerdo. Este equipo es fabricado en MEXICO, viene En una Caja blackberry azul (A mi parecer es la caja donde venden Los Blackberrys En mexico, pro No Lo puedo decir Con seguridad porque soy de Venezuela), NO TRAE MEMORIA EXTERNA, la caja Tiene, Un cargador, un Manual (muy corto :S),Cable Mini USB, Un estuche de cuero que dice blackberry (Que no es Del Blackberry pearl FLip, pro queda genial en otros modelos :P), Un Disco de Con el escritorio Blackberry (VERSION MUY VIEJA) Y mas nada. (NO, NO tiene Audifonos) Trae exactamente lo que dije Arriba, Bueno a mi parecer Es perfecto, Le compran Una tarjeta micro SDHC de 8 GB y Le Actualizan el Software y ya esta. El blackberry hasta en momento no le tengo Memoria Externa y anda al 100% No es para Nada Lento el Explorador Es rapido (aunque no lo crean xD)y Pues Np se reinicia NI LE OCURRE NADA DE LO QUE DICE EN LOS OTROS REVIEWS.... Yo les Recomiendo Que lo compren en un buen equipo POR SU PRECIO.... Vale la pena y Pues Enjoy It :PENGLISH:Ok ... Well, I purchased this Blackberry for Personal Use, really had a doubt by the other reviews that the truth is not so positive which I am not agree. This equipment is manufactured in MEXICO, comes in a blue blackberry box (In my opinion, is the box where they sell the Blackberry in Mexico, but I can not say for sure because I'm from Venezuela), BRINGS NO external memory, the box has, A charger, a manual (very short :S), Mini USB cable, a leather case that says blackberry (which is not Blackberry Pearl Flip, but looks great on other models :P), a disc with the Blackberry Desktop (VERSION VERY OLD) and nothing else. (NO, do not have headphones) brings exactly what I said above, Well in my opinion is perfect, bought him a card of 8 GB micro SD and update the Software and already. The blackberry until now, I have not external memory and go to 100%, is not to Nothing Slow, Explorer is fast (believe it or not xD) and does not restart UNLIKE AS SAY IN THE OTHER REVIEWS .. .. I would recommend you buy a good Smartphone for its price .... Well worth it and Enjoy It :P

The product is a Blackberry Pearl 8220 Flip Phone.  and Even though the phone wasnt great, the Seller did refund. Also I just want to mention that the phone was very nice looking no scratches on it ...shame it didnt work well and wasnt an english version.. I would have kept this phone.

The item freezes often. I wanted the Blackberry Flip because I don't care much for the new cell phone styles so I got this one. It started freezing when I first got it and I should have returned it. Now, it has become a hassle. Next time, I'll just go to my cell phone provider.

this cellphone is not blackberry, it is copy cellphone ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?????????

Blackberry model 8220, has poor listening volume, RIM software is a little complicated to use if you are not used to. Android or Apple OS seem to be far better deals. I travelled abroad upon receiving this item, so it would be difficult to send it back. Seller did not send earphones and software installation CD . I traded it for the same price, got my money back.

The team received new, the only thing is they did not bring their accessories, their headphones, USB cable!The team received new, the only thing is they did not bring their accessories, their headphones, USB cable!

I bought this phone a few months ago. I love the features, but the bluetooth stopped working.  No reloading of the software or rebooting would solve the problem.  Other than that, this is a nice phone if you do not need bluetooth.

This is the third of these phones that I have owned.  It seems to be working fine and I am happy.  Whether this was a new phone or not is debatable.  None of the plastic bags etc that the components of the product were sealed which tells me that they weren't new.  That said it works and was half the price listed elsewhere.

Bought this one to replace a previous one that broke (bluetooth stopped working). Husband thought I was crazy. He was right, within the month the bluetooth stopped working on this phone. Pretty much worthless piece of crap.

Description clearly says this phone is unclocked.  Mine was locked into AT&T.  The roller ball didn't work, the power cord was broken and it didn't come with a battery.  What are these people thinking?

The phone worked fine it was just what i wanted but the battery was old it would not keep a charge.

worthless ...if you are interested in a flip phone, you are better off buying a prepaid phone at target. overpriced piece of crap! stay awayyyy!
